' my friends mock me because i say i don't like shooters yet i play halo competitively . halo ( and to an extent destiny for that sweet trials gear ) is the only shooter that i care about . i shattered my ... i hate when i try to have a conversation with someone or they text me and i try to respond to have a discussion they either say lol or just agree with what i have to say . :d ry : i'm not very good ... i've always wanted to play an instrument . watched a lot of covers for all of my favorite songs but deftones and periphery were the two bands that made me actually get one with the ultimate end goal ... my undecidedness kills me sometime . there were no mixed signs at all but i played dumb because i wasn't sure i wanted to be in a relationship , but now it's too late since she is dating someone else ... right now , i play games competitively but i think i'm only giving myself 2 more years before i hang it up if i don't get anywhere . so i'm branching out to different hobbies so i don't become a boring ... meh . lounge pants when i'm not doing anything . hoodie and jeans or hoodie and shorts when it's nice . my philosophy : keep it simple , silly . one day i'll care about looking nice . i like this idea , i might post the youtube videos but i'll just make a list of songs from albums from this year that i really liked . tetsuo & youth - lupe fiasco 1 . they.resurrect.over.new . 2 ... you ever feel that when you like someone but you don't really know much about them and you like them more , but when you learn more about them and even become good friends with the person , you realize ... i'm really not sure . because of my grades , i have a 2.5 right now , it's going to be hard for me to get scholarships and even more to go to graduate school . school is expensive and i want to be here , ... where would i even find an enfj ? for science of course . my mind was gone between 2009-2012 and it makes me think that most of those events happened last year or 2 years ago . as far as single player games go i like action adventure games above all because of the story and only some rpgs . i'll usually play anything that doesn't have dragons knights and horses in it . it's ... whatever is going on in our lives right now , no matter how bad , we are gonna be alright ! it's usually the end of the world when i lose . no one likes losing but i can't stand it and it will take me a long time to perfect something so i never lose again . it's kinda sad . i take everything ... as i continue trying to learn about relationship dynamics , what is a friend with benefits ? how does that even work ? is that a casual dating thing ? not that i have anything wrong with it i just ... hmm ... interesting . are you guys competitive ? like very u200bcompetitive ? wrong thread sorry . when you play life on hard mode with speedrunning world record time trials to get an assignment done hours before something is due . sometimes i feel like i am already dead and everything is a figment of my imagination . my lamp amplifies that feeling and it sometimes it is really hard for me to get that out of my head . always ... i'm starting to feel better . i still have a long way to go but i am starting to write for the fun of it again . i wouldn't say euphoric because you kinda get used to doing things on your terms . someone likes what they like . can't change that so i don't really pass judgement . it's weird because some friends go ... had an account for 3 going on 4 years and i want to be more active on here , but i don't know how ... this will probably the only time i do this because i am a person that has to do everything by myself . i never want any help or advice because i feel like i know what to do , but i just can't do it or ... i do the same thing . how people act and react to things and each other is very interesting because no one is the same . i realized something the other day . we get accustomed to doing things a certain way . example , like going to bed at the same time every time . well i realized that there are some people that like to ... i've never been in a relationship before , but i think if i would be i wouldn't be as affectionate ? as some descriptions make it out to be . affection makes me feel ... weird . i'm not an athlete but i had to comment because the first thing i noticed was the tetsuo & youth album cover . i found another lupe fan ! i don't know why , but i feel like i'm dead . my fiction writing class is workshop based and is basically a 17 minute roast and i fucked up big time . i can get passed the typos but there i wrote the same story twice once in 3rd person and once ... is the anima / animus real ? or at least relevant in present time ? i've never felt or been in a more cancerous environment than how i feel in college . i truly feel like i am physically and mentally dying here . i have four more weeks of this place then i'm back home ... i had this elaborate question , and i know everyone is different , but i'm just going to ask this : do isfjs shy away a lot ? ( for lack of a better word ) now i don't want to say that i do have it , on top of gad and mild depression , but i don't want to rule out the possibility of me having it but i feel like i could potentially have inattentive adhd . i ... i watch a fair bit . just recently finished neon genesis evangelion and akira . i really enjoyed it but i want to find end of evangelion but can't find it . paranoia agent is one of my favorites . i ... 1 . the human brain 2 . what is love ? 3 . what is time ? my best friend is an estj . it's not usually a problem but his close mindedness sometimes is incredibly infuriating . i don't think that there is anything i have an unconditional hate for than cheating . while i don't like lying , i can get over that . but cheating ... >:( real feelings are involved . i don't understand ... something i don't understand that i try really hard to , is the concept of casual sex . how can anyone do something so intimate and not feel anything afterwards ? for the record , i'm not a person that ... i don't have any friends or acquaintances on the internet . i love cartoons . i don't ever feel like i'm supposed to be watching shows on mtv or vh1 or whatever shows people my age watch . i feel like i can't relate and i personally don't find them interesting ... what do you do when you like someone that has so much in common with you , but is taken ? that girl i thought was an infp turned out to be an isfj . i think i like her a lot . the only fps i'm good at is halo and i play halo 3 and reach competitively so i would probably be decent at arena fps games , but other than that i suck at fps . i can shoot fine it's just that ... i haven't felt so close to wanting to die than i have everytime i come back to school . i don't think i can take one more year here . i like baggy jeans but i can't find them anymore . i don't like how i don't have any leg room in other jeans . i guess this is the society we live in now . i don't like it and my account has been deleted for a while . the narcissism is what got me . selfies are ok i guess , but then my news feed got more vain and revealing . i don't know their reasoning ... well i love cartoons and superheroes still if that counts . my friends grew up though . my neck spasms when i'm half awake and i can't control it . vocaroo | voice message here you go . '