' depending on the age inconsistencies can result . it's why i can't be sure of my personality type no matter how much i research . change is just too common . success ... is it really definable ? i've never found satisfication in success only a desire to know more and understand more . can you stop being so forward and emotionally mature ? yes . it's called but them in a box and ignore them . once in awhile they will get out , either popping up in an enraged frenzy or slowly emerging like a subtle leak . at which point i get a bigger box . imo entjs are hit or miss . if your beliefs work well together you can generally work well together , otherwise there is a lot of debate which i've found can be interpreted into a personal attack if ... i don't think i've ever taken a big risk ... that being said i say fuck it when i don't care about the result . i think we should have a similar system of checks and balances to the u . s . proportional democracy for any houses of officials sound good ? maybe instant run off voting for higher up / solo positions ... i follow locke's philosophy on this topic money is power unless you have a giant ass military that are completely loyal to you and recquire no pay . then you can kill people , and probably end up taking their money and doing what they did . optimized everything . literally killing isn't out of the question though . つ ◕ ل ͜ ◕ ) つ ameno つ ◕ ل ͜ ◕ ) つ define genius . if it's a person with a high level of ingenuity and has various subjects such as math or science come naturally , then no . if it's an expert in a field , then yes . pokemon . pokemon . more pokemon . let's throw in some games . and trading cards . and themed birthdays . and clothes . and dolls . i liked pokemon quite a bit ... wait do we need create a system of government ? or do we already have one ? or maybe a corrupt one that needs fixing ... let me know if we need to create one , that'd a fun little thread . i like to think of intps as people who's main goal is to think of things so complex and complicated they confuse themselves . that seems like a proper life goal . intjs are just ... they want to kill ... been there . a ton . life just gets ... boring . bland . painful . from my experience they'res no stopping it , only going through with it or dying . well i presume dying is the other alternative , i've never ... you look nice . why are you complementing me , what is your plan ! ? ! ? a sociopathic , suicidal , antisocial genius i would presume i think i had an intp professor once . eccentric , brilliant , lazy , and all the women drooled over him . i see comforting darkness , and am at peace knowing this is similar to what my enemies will go through when they die . when i want things to be simpler i wish i was a simpleton . then again , it'd be even more simple if the world was intps . grammatical errors on purpose . we intps prefer to be direct and efficient . all an embassy does is slow down the inevitable war . i love the bible . several of it's rules and laws having affected my life . for example : i wouldn't have murdered tons of babies without the bible ( read psalm 137:9 ) . i wouldn't have watched she bears ... if you want sex then say you need something more or your relationship is off , if not just go with it . are there any christian intps that have struggled with their faith ? i'm not . how do you view your relationship with god and how do you nurture it ? i don't believe god exists and believe that the ... ^ that was the 69th response to this thread . i needed a laugh today thanks for he joke ! cyka dota 2 enthusiasts will know what i'm saying ! maybe you wouldn't be so idiotic if you weren't christian . seriously though , the christians are right . you're not a true christian . you could be a deist who believes jesus was the savior of human ... ok i got this . to teach an intp to be socially adequate would be equivalent to teaching a moose to become a sun god that likes to be a cross dresser on weekends , enjoy the exotic taste if platypus ... having my first kiss in a school gym in front of dozens of people after i wimped out earlier . 1 . more longer term passion / determination . 2 . detecting subtle social queues or signs easily . intelligence honesty straight forwardness a male platypus has 10 sex chromosomes ( xyxyxyxyxy ) . that means the male platypus is 5x the man you are . if you're a female it goes xxx . so again , 5x the female you are . if you're other , i ... i deal with disrespect and respect by thinking that true respect is common disrespect as they only show and say their thoughts truly to those they respect ( or societal disrespect ) . thanks , this is really helpful . the word game comparison makes it seem to make sense for once ! only one problem : i don't know when an awkward silence is happening . but i used the rest and it worked ... actually i think it's just that were all so damn sexy that people laugh to get on our good side . usually fj types i'm completely clueless and turn people away when i try to engage in conversation because i am unable to small talk , and i would like your help . for some reason i have felt sociable lately yet i'm ... i doubt myself all the time . i project self confidence and arrogance to others , but inwardly lack confidence . it seems very possible . do you like emotion ? it's close but i guess i'll go with the ones with arms . i think i'd prefer a loner job , not having to interact much , but still having a boss on my ass horrible pick up lines . for example : i put the std in stud now all i need is u i'm like a rubicks cube , the more you play with me the harder i get . zack addy from bones . too bad what happened ... isn't it just being close friends + sexual interest ? sex . lots of sex . nerdy pick up line are awesome too . worst ? an illogical romantic gesture . sexist . :p seriously what intp regardless of gender is able to catch on to social queues if not made apparent to them previously ? ask and find out . chances are she doesn't know what showing them means or is . that being said , if we saw her actions around you we'd probably know . freaks understand freaks . i'm a nihilist . think about it . it applies . '