' sometimes i'll think really mean things about myself and i think gosh , if i acted the same way towards a friend as i do towards myself i'd be a really awful friend . i think part of healing is ... you know it's funny i figured out my subtypes a while back when i was maybe not so self aware , but this thread made me go back and look through it all again and it turns out sp / so does seem ... i feel like my fixes have different instincts , but that's only based off subtype descriptions ( naranjo and chestnut ) , which i don't really know how much faith to put into . but i'm not sure how else ... i don't really mind techno actually - i occasionally go to house parties where that's all they play and i'm fine with it but it does bore me after a while , don't really see the point . i like deep ... ah well i'll never be bothered in that case haha 614 - the philosopher 425210  4252 42 425274  4251 94 well i'm lucky enough to have some pretty decent contacts in various fields through my parents . i think i'd be ok with working my way up slowly anyways , boring doesn't bother me if i know it's ... this does seem to reflect type 7 but a lot of it also just makes sense if you're an ne dom . maybe if you talk a bit about how you experience / what you think of the 3 emotions ; fear , shame and ... i'm willing to believe that , i only have a pretty elemental understanding of the type . i'm curious to hear if other 8s feel this way about lust too . under this angle i'm seeing why op is having ... actual betrayal is not exactly what scares me about betrayal though . i know i'll be able to cope quite well if it ever happens . my issue is not knowing when the rug could be pulled out from under me , ... gluttony arises to fill / hide a sense of emptiness in the 7 . to avoid feeling trapped and anxious , which would mean being faced with unpleasant things , the glutton fills it all with excitement and ... ah yeah that does sound quite 4/9 like . i'd love to hear a 6 tell me they feel like their head is in the clouds . i think a word to describe 6 is ' alert ' , we have kind of a nervous energy , like we're ... hello i'm currently trying to make some big decisions , like what i want to do with my life , what masters degree to chose and all that fun stuff . i'm really interested in the work most ngo's do , in ... perhaps i'm projecting because i relate a lot to this , but some of it sounds very 6 - ish , the crushing doubt , the sense of things lacking in meaning ... 6 disintegrates to 3 , which is an image type ... yes ! hehe figures it goes both ways we can pm if you want to ' buddy up ' ^ _ ^ well that's what gives empathy the tremendous value it has . i can relate a lot to this . i guess i keep thinking this one person will come along and just get it all . i've been lucky enough to ... i'm a 614 :) i'm a bit of a lurker but i often relate to your posts yes ! this is kind of why i asked my question . he talks mostly about being part of an actual concrete group , appropriate behavior within it , awareness of the relations between people and finding ... can a social last be concerned with social / political issues , the direction humanity is going in , and want to contribute to building a better world ? or does this have nothing to do with the social ... hi can i get my name changed to kitsu please ? :) coucou , j'suis parisienne aussi :) mais je vis à bruxelles en ce moment . j'espère que tu te plairas ici . i am a 614 , very sure of that . i only have two close friends the first is a 954 qualities i appreciate : deeply reflective , beautiful internal landscape , very calm , soft and solitary , always ... newsroom o / i think my heart has died a little since that ended sunday whenever i listen to music . also for the hour between the time i go to bed at night and the time i fall asleep i usually unwind all the emotions of the day . the rest of the time i feel emotion ... , 7w8 3w4 1w2 sx / sp it's really hard to pick only 5 , i just went with the mood i'm in now rather than try to describe my whole personality .   ... i've never watched the show , but i just looked up snippets of him on youtube and yes that does seem fitting ! for some reason , fiction isn't filled with superphobic sixes . i guess we don't really make for interesting plot lines . person sits locked in their room in the foetus position talking to themselves ... oh i meant boring in the kindest of ways :) i like that we sp doms are usually subdued and mellow people , i consider this a respectable quality . haha we are kinda boring i really hate sharing my food . this isn't just your life you're affecting anymore , smoking can have catastrophic effects on a baby's health and development . i understand that it's hard to quit , i truly do , especially if there are ... pride i feel like it makes more sense for me to describe my original unhealthy state first because what i experience as essence really came in complete dual opposition to that so they make most sense ... thank you for indulging me ;) is it totally ocd to mention i didn't want a capital b ? sorry :P hi , i'd like my name changed to merry blues thanks ! well not necessarily . there is a general valuing of a withdrawn and analytical perspective / careful defining of a personal worldview , a general dislike for consensus and small talk , a vivid internal ... if they're based on perc members , i wouldn't trust them ... so many mistypes - _ - where did you get this from ? haha ! as i said it's not all of them , but in general i feel very uncomfortable around people who have an impersonal approach to relationships ( that's more my fault than theirs ) . but it goes both ... types i get along with really well : infp - intp - esfp - enfp - isfp - infj - istj types i really enjoy as people but can have a hard time connecting with : intj - entp - istp meh : esfj - ... wonderful question i agree that one shouldn't limit their understanding of personality to a model , which is definitely something that needs to be better understood around this forum . however ... intp or intj - 649 sp / sx yummy :'( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7TTztEeL7Yg in times like these in times like those what will be will be and so it goes and it always goes on and on ... on and on it goes and there has ... when you say subjective thinking that means ti in official mbti theory ( introverted thinking = thinking from a subjective standpoint ) . when you ask why is subjective thinking annoying , and ... it's funny that you'd say that on your introductory thread to a forum that revolves around understanding that there is a whole lot behind labels :P when you get into them , the types and cognitive ... this is sweet : 3 warm welcome to the forum ! i noticed that you maintained your original typing of intj do you disagree with our ( mine and a few others ) assessment as sei / isfj ? are you sure that these are the right people for you ? a quality of fe , which i think often hinders infj's otherwise incredible lucidity , is to partially suppress their personal opinions about ... 118689 the eleventh doctor who , as played by matt smith ( i want to marry him ) i enquired into type because i'm usure if i'm nefi or fine , but i don't consider any other options viable . my tritype does make me highly reclusive , and quite te-like , though . except for ... '