' could i have a nice glass of uranus ? thanks . ... this happens to me all of the time . conversations usually just end abruptly with me asking a question or going on a rant about something , and then the other person doesn't say anything . however , ... to each their own i guess . wait , wait , wait ... ubisoft ? why ubisoft ? i admit , most of their games are shit , but you know they're going to be shit , so why even pick them up ? now the games ubisoft actually cares about , for ... well , as i've stated before , those little moments when rumpel seems to be thinking upon a situation before speaking , those little pauses in his speech make me think of strong ti . i can see ne with ... i think rumpel is an intp , or possibly an intj with a bit more detail orientated . first off , he seems to be ( to me at least ) in his own head too much ( both pre-dark one and post dark one ) . he'll have ... okay , to start this off i'd like to say this is not me answering but a friend who shall remain nameless ( he / she doesn't want to make an account or be known apparently ) . so here we go . 1 ... usually i'll leave a friendship when it no longer is productive and all we seem to do is fight . however , some personality traits i can't stand are , rude and obnoxious behavior ( i'm not talking the ... nope . you're not the only one . i've known about all of this ( and more ) for many years now . i see the relationship between it . however , most people would say , but if the government is so big and ... i have many dark impulses . as many have said , i lie when it suits me . when i need to lie , to spare myself some pain or inconvenience . however , i would have to say that was the least of what my dark ... what if the universe is just a computer program , and the limitations this universe has is only based on us the program ? what if we all looked the same ? what if the universe isn't growing , but ... the deaths of ian stone . good movie . last one i went to see in the movie theaters was the dark knight rises . before that it was ted . good evening , london . allow me first to apologize for this interruption . i do , like many of you , appreciate the comforts of every day routine - the security of the familiar , the tranquility of ... i'm sorry ... i don't say that often , and it's my mistake i know . i was being an idiot and for that i am sorry . i know that i'm an intp , though i hate it . as much as i'd love to be an intj ... okay fine , you have me on the writing style . however , just because someone writes a certain way , doesn't mean they aren't a certain group . ni - looking at patterns and seeing what is coming ... oh good ! i was starting to think i was a weird one . ha ! ... ha ... ha ... yeah totally not weird at all . huh ? just because i'm an intj it doesn't mean i'm buzzkillington . plus , trolls come in all shapes and sizes . added to the fact , most people don't get my sense of humor . although , i was looking ... i have to say , i think i'm an intj now . here are the reasons why . i've been studying the cognitive functions for a while now , and thoroughly reading through them from multiple places , and i just ... i was just joking with you guys . damn , nobody can take a joke ? i think the glass and substance within is actually a construct of my own imagination brought upon by the government to further control my mind and to make me see things . meaning , that even if i did ... i have to say it . damn , i got more tongue action when i was five than some of you your entire lives . haha ! anyway , i do agree that everyone's number , or lack of one , is their business . it ... intuitive aptitude . to instinctively know how everything works . i would only want this in the case of , let's say , x-men , or from the show heroes . namely because through intuitive aptitude i could see ... i guess i'm an intp . not sure i like that or not . anyway , thanks for the help . i appreciate it . 13 . describe your relationship to order and chaos . what do order and chaos mean to you ? how do they manifest in your daily life ? well , i ’ d have to say that i value chaos the most . i think that ... yes , you're a zombie . problem ? the invisible stalkers unite ! we shall conquer the world . or probably just poland . you're right on the money about the enneagram type . i scored 5w6 , 3w4 , and 1w2 ( at least , to the best of my memory ) . that would explain why i get along with my infp friend so well . i always score ... hello ! you clicked on my thread . you know what that means right ? ! yes , indeed . you are a zombie . now we must dispose of you in a manner fitting that of a movie ; with a spoon and a little ... 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... so , a year ago or sometime around then i took the quiz and i scored an intj . i further researched it and read all of the information that i could ( or wanted to . ix92m not really big on ... '