' very good point . we do have a good rapport and i've been pretty convenient water wings . time to step back . thanks , msbossypants , i was secretly hoping you would reply to this . i really appreciate the examples of scenarios you gave . i've done a bit of that but could do more . his situation is the ... they are sorting through masses of applications , many of which look the same . if you had two candidates who look the same on paper except one was was convicted of molesting donkeys , who would you ... that rounds out the picture nicely . it's not an exact science diagnosing mbti type from forum posts , but in this case everything points to entj . i'm looking for some advice on how to help an entj develop his leadership presence . i am the manager of an entj . at present he has no formal authority over anyone else . he is a really nice ... the parts about bragging on facebook , bouncing ideas off people , and wanting to be an international playboy point toward extroversion . as does your focus on practical things . ni-doms ( intj and ... because years of experience means squat except that you've lived long enough to acquire it . i'm not fond of years of experience measures because of all the lazy fools who sit on their ass for 20 ... being on the border between intp and intj is kind of like being on the border between switzerland and peru . they both have mountains and snow , but are not remotely on the same continent . i haven't noticed that anger is an emotion frequently expressed by entjs . annoyance on the other hand ... 1 . istj . solid , trustworthy , will keep things humming along the way they have been , except probably more efficiently . 2 . entj . very serious and responsible . the only other type that gets me ... the details you posted make * very * clear he is into you , and not just as a friend . i don't believe in home wreckers . how you follow up on his interest is your responsibility , not his . he's not ... i'm very frustrated that the public policy issue gets confused with the procedure itself almost every single time . the procedure is a medical issue and whether to avail oneself of it an individual ... promotion is just an example . schools have all sorts of benefits that get fought over viciously . there's some kind of politics going on . that's about all anyone can say without more details . entjs ... it really has more to do with the context than type . entj says : i'm going to do [ insert big ambitious plans here ] ! entp thinks : crap , i'm going to have to really up my game or entj is going to ... maybe i'm paranoid , but when someone tells an intj to be yourself i interpret that to mean they see the intj persona to be some weird act and they want you to manifest the normal personality they ... dear istj team members , your hard work , detail orientation , reliability , and low drama never cease to amaze me . i'm very lucky that i get to work with you . sincerely , your intj boss both , including living with an infp for 22 years . the thing is , an f type can address a relationship issue in their way , and it will sail right over the head of a t type , as we will interpret the ... this part is very intp . the first two sentences show fe which encourages sacrifice for the good of the community . fi on the other hand focuses on the individual , not humanity and coercion of ... you were apparently perplexed by an introvert not wanting to address relationship issues . but some types of introverts don't avoid addressing those issues in the same way an entj would . an intj , ... when i was younger , i sought the advice of older people when available . it wasn't because they were older but because they were more experienced . the opportunities were limited , however , as they ... yeah , the op's issue may be more of a t / f issue than an e / i issue . depends on the introvert . i very much deal with things externally if they matter . when i have time to collect my thoughts and evidence i'm very outspoken and persistent . i may stay in my ... yeah , this is what totally freaked me out initially . especially when i got some people straight out of college who were totally awesome human beings but also pretty much helpless without significant ... there is an incredible amount of mba bs-speak going on in large corporations . the organization is not the individual's friend , but their manager needs to be . as a manager in a very large ... it's the only type i like better when they're being assholes . the way they are so earnest about it is endearing . i was in a similar situation rather recently , and it really helped to get some normality back . dealing with someone with mental illness 24/7 can really mess you up . in my case , someone i confided ... some young intjs are romantic . however , this guy is 28 and by then the world has usually beaten a harder reality into you . your perspective seems a little skewed as well . his dream job versus ... sounds like you were trying to do the best thing , instead of what those who have the power of hiring and firing think is the best thing . totally . entjs are famous for being docile little rule followers and policy lovers . you already know the problem . she has a crush on you and the stress of her ni-fueled fantasies not matching up to reality is bringing out an underdeveloped and inexperienced fi . say goodbye , there ... good news ! ! face it , intjs are way too blunt , abrasive and obnoxious to seek relationship advice from . all you nf and sp ladies out there desperately poring over your intj guy's texts for clues ... the think quick and act quicker thing isn't very intj ( or entj ) . you seem pretty clearly entp actually . two things are really blazingly obvious here : ni dom and utter lack of fe . hence , intj . i can't imagine any actual entj describing themselves as clingy . there's an epic thread on neutrality : http://personalitycafe.com/intj-forum-scientists/45814-feelers-blind-neutrality.html i find myself resorting to ' i don't know ' means i don't know in that situation . not the most logical response , but it's slightly more polite than i already said i don't know and have zero ... no . all of their threads serve that function . the other problem is that it really isn't teni the op is using . hence the cognitive dissonance for the entjs . DO: say what you mean in explicit clear language . make your expectations of the intj explicit ; if you want something you're going to have to ask for it directly . don't interpret an intj's ... this screams dom ni to me . intj most likely . ni is a perceiving function . so while it may lead intjs to be sure of themselves , it's not because they're impressed with their own smarts . it's just that they passively observed something and are ... i don't see ni here at all , but lots of ti and some ne . your long explanations make my head hurt , which is usually the sign of an intp . ludi did a good job asking questions to distinguish between fe and fi . you are big ball of fi . infp . te > fi because te is his natural style . it takes a real crisis and deep reflection before the fi comes out . he could have inferior fi . i've seen entjs manifest it as an inflexible personal ethic , ... mike's methods are very te : get the desired result in the most direct and effective way possible . he expresses more moral compunctions than harvey , but it's clear he goes by his internal compass ... lots and lots of fe there . enfj most likely . introverts in general have a higher stimulation level of the part of the brain that deals with social standing and relationships . that's why we burn out quickly with a lot of social interaction . ... i am also amazed at how well i can read social situations , unless i am a participant . then i have no clue . i'll just say that that when he answered the car breakdown question by saying he would wait to see what the driver would do , that screamed not te to me . his problem solving in general , including ... here's an intj who thinks you are an intj . you might want to stay away from trying to type by contrasting ni / ne . most intjs don't seem to understand their ni that well as it is introverted and ... '