' i'm entj . i don't really care for k-pop or asian music in general . i don't mind european music . i like a lot of eurometal like avantasia , helloween , and hammerfall , and of course rammstein . i know ... honestly this seems unhealthy . i prefer to become fixed on a goal instead of nostalgia . perhaps i should though . i'll try it out perhaps . well , i certainly was expecting a certain answer , but ... i am not sure anyone one else has had this problem , but i feel i get too obsessed with a goal and i tend to ignore all other outside forces . currently , i am preoccupied with getting into a good ... reevaluate what matters . your grades and studies likely matter more than your social conversations . focus on what will get you farther in life . disregard all else besides the necessities . op is just begging the pornographic search query , ain't he ? i agree with the above posters . i hate when people question my intentions or my integrity . i have had people bad mouth me and i did feel lonely for a few days . i then got over it when i thought about ... i've done the same exact thing . it's as much for him as it is for you . i did it to stop myself from interacting with a girl . it prevented me from wasting my goddamn time , and it kept my ... i think in general , people give way too many fucks about most things . it distracts them from thinking about important stuff and it causes them to not have the required forethought for sound decisions ... i try to do this from time to time and i actually did this today . i wish i did it more . i think you need to try to broach a topic with him individually as others have said . i personally hate to be interrupted . there are descriptions that are far worse , op . at least they try to provide in-depth analysis . they aren't successful , but it's better than a lot of dribble you see perpetuated by people . aquinas and descartes both use ontological arguments to justify god , and descartes is much more complicated than something an 8 year old could make up . i'm no huge metaphysics fan myself , and ... sounds like the randian perspective . not everything can be classified with facts and objective knowledge . that's why we have metaphysics , and why we have epistemology . it's a silly argument to say ... hitchens , while a funny guy , is a joke to any one serious about philosophy . his critiques of atheism read more like a teenage rant than a piece of refined prose . mackie is much more legitimate if you ... entjs hate being controlled by immaterial things like emotions . it's makes us feel weak to be constrained and shackled by the intangible , frivolous , and seemingly random nature of emotions . our ... i play video games and follow sports for fun . work / school is what i base my life around , then i decide when to relax ( and where i can pick up extra hours ) . i'm a very big math / logic guy , but i'm a ... christynj game of thrones seems a little over the top i agree . i guess i consider myself pretty close to my friends and family , but i wouldn't describe myself as sweet at all . how do you ... i agree with them all except this guy . is that kuby guy really an entj ? i can't imagine an entj being bought off that easily and serving as a lackey to stupid people like saul . if kuby was ... i'd describe as hawks . we don't always go all out or 100 percent , but we like to focus in on one thing at a time and succeed in that one thing . we also don't really like to fuck around ( unless ... eh . i wouldn't go that far . i was just saying that i'll try to be less caustic towards you ( as hard as that may be for me ) . it's not edgy , as it just is realistic . i believe it accurately ... it's tough : on one hand , i believe that if everyone acts solely in their own self interest , it is a zero-sum game , but i do agree with the evolution point bearsfan 1823 made . i don't really know what ... think of it like a data table . you are going to mentally lay out a data table with all the information you were aiming to collect from entjs who respond . you would get responses and demarcate the ... it's not inherently a bad thing , but it's a common question on this forum . think about what mbti is for a second though . it's a way of using contrived types to describe personality . is there a ... * rolls eyes * it's another person who wants to understand us . like chaerephon said , read this forum and go on typology websites and read descriptions of the entj . i like what i like and what ... i sure as hell like to get stuff done and i definitely like to have things get done . that doesn't mean i don't have lazy days or days where i will decide to work a little less on work . we are just ... not sure why you think there needs to be a purpose for a type when they are just a contrived way of typing people based on psychological theories . there is no purpose to why entjs are this way or ... i forgot about that . their initial money they can invest into the stand isn't actually their own , so they have almost 0 costs . i guess you are right : their revenue is basically their profit . i ... i hope that makes you feel better . making people feel good about themselves is important to me , and i hope you aren't angry or sad about something i said . do you want anything that could make you ... about the lemon aid stand : my friend thinks i'm a dick for always making fun of some 8 year old girl's lemonade stand . why the hell should i pay 50 cents for lemonade when i get 12 oz of lemonade at ... a lot of those experiences that your child has had are quite similar to the ones i had a child . she enjoys arguing just for the hell of it , and acts like the proverbial rebel without a cause just ... describe the experience of the gun being pulled on you . was it a robbery ? was it a murder attempt ? did you get away ? like what happened and what was your response ? i'd be blunt with her ( or get someone else to be blunt for you ) . i'd tell her that the company is being ineffective with her current attitude , and she must improve . tell her that she has the talent ... what is your mbti type ? i'm an entj . what would you consider your deepest rooted fear ? i have a fear of being afraid . i feel fear is synonymous with weakness . i hate weakness and vulnerability . ... i always get on people about being ignorant about stupid stuff such as history . don't talk about how hitler shouldn't have invaded russia if you don't know a lot about operation barbarossa ... i ... sounds you need to stop talking to a layman like myself and immediately see a psychological professional . if you can't stop thinking these heinous things , see someone . it's not strange , and it shows you can think and have some inhibitions , which is good . it's bad if you start acting on all your whims . nice job op . you achieved your goal because you elicited a response . i tend to like the night , but i usually just prefer what is pragmatic based on my daily schedule . refusing to adapt your internal clock is a sign of weakness . positive thinking ! ! ! i guess i'm a cynic who gets shit done and hates people-which is why i tell them what to do i guess . pretty sure they are all rare . estimated frequencies of types - capt.org i use fear of failure as a good motivator . the possibility of failure motivates me to avoids looking like an abject disgrace , and pushes me to be the best , because i expect everyone else to be as ... if you run , make sure you know what the constituents are concerned with . appeal to what they think is important . if water quality is an issue , say you will improve the water , or if school vouchers ... that seems pretty accurate . i often use examples and metaphors when i talk and write . for example , i'll often compare picking and guessing things to blackjack / 21 , or i'll compare any teamwork ... i'm not a narcissist . i'm perfect in every way and i have no flaws , so there's no way i could be a narcissist . i refuse to deal with people who are ignorant on purpose because they think being stupid or incompetent is cool . self deprecation is important , but stupidity should not be rewarded . i fucking hate ... jung himself said he was an infj i believe . he said freud was an istj , too , i think . i actually have emotions , i'm not an asshole all the time , and i'm only vindictive sometimes . i also enjoy having fun and i sometimes take a short break from my misanthropic attitude--but only when ... i think you really sell entj leadership sort though . i pick and choose where i lead , which is a few shades different than what you are claiming is atypical entj behavior . there's a couple of ships ... i can somewhat empathize with you as a male entj . we like to have things planned out to a ' t ' , and romance is one of the few arenas that this is not possible . entjs are not particularly spontaneous ... yeah . loved it . i love math and mental math specifically . i'm good at it , and i i've always been interested in gambling--especially blackjack . it was pretty great . i identified a lot with the main ... '