' indeed . i've been at uni most days until late anyway ... ooo . i'm sure you're looking forward to that ! this is indeed no lie . it has been a while ( due to my inactivity on skype and here , i guess ) now ! : happy : a gen z forum would be lovely . a standard : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6pdyiK5kziw contemporary : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XP1LVZa_9qw esperanza ... ( more upbeat ) the other day : parked in town and paid for parking . gave a lady ( who thought the ticket machine took notes and had no coins ) 50c for her parking . went about my business . headed back to the car ... those feels . she picked him over me . i hope it all works out for you * hug * . meowwwmeomeowwwrooof amazing post and very informative , thank you x100 ! how i do it is : sit upright , and in a comfortable position ( helps me not fall asleep ) , eyes closed ( limits the amount of interference i get to what's already inside my head ) , focus on the ... does anyone else out there partake in daily meditation ? i'm relatively new to it myself and have only been doing it for a few weeks , but i've been finding that clearing my mind for 20 minutes a ... small robin tunney man-crush ( teresa lisbon from the mentalist ) which i have had for * ahem * a long while ...  ... * provocative immature teenage giggle * incredibly well put , caterpillar caterpillar . i know this is a rant ( and fair enough , nothing like a good bitch about how we suck at women , right ? ) , but it appears that you [ op ] haven't so much ... you too . for sure , give me a while to get settled in and we'll make it happen ! dear 2013 , come at me bro . i'll shred you . ( famous last words : tongue :) this is going to be a year of firsts , a year to remember . yours in anticipation , me trifle is fantastic . :p roud : this was me too , in a way . i thought i was intj for a long while until i read up on the difference between te and ti and realized something wasn't quite right ... my ti was and still is very strong , ... i agree with everything said here . another program i'd recommend similar to virtualbox is vmware , which i use myself ( there should be a free trial available ) . on a related but unrelated note , ... my helicopter parents are being shit ( removed the c word ... ) . won't let me go out tonight on one of the rare occasions where i'm actually invited to something . no justification . i have a big fuck-off ... awesome . i'm looking forward to actually being able to study indepth what i'm interested in , instead of wasting my time on other crap : frustrating : . there's a few different ways that i would play this if it were me : 1 ) don't reply . perhaps you could later offer an explanation as to why . 2 ) reply , but ignore / stop replying if he brings it up ... i agree . speak with your actions as loud and as obvious as possible so that there is no mistake ( most guys don't do subtle ... i'm one of them ) . yep . finished forever ... onto uni where marks are more indicative and scaling exists ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j5C6X9vOEkU happy birthday , internet stranger ! : kitteh : bah ! ncea :d ry : very interesting thought and anecdotes , thank you for that ! that would make some sense . she also has a best friend who is like her extroverted double - maybe that's all she can handle of herself ? ugh . i wonder why : sad : we've been through a lot together ( a few months ago she actually promised we'd be friends no matter what ) and she's a fellow infj . guess it's time to stop putting any effort ... i can't tell if one of my lady-friends is avoiding hanging out with me or not . she's working full time at the moment , but something tells me if she really wanted to chill , she'd make the time . i ... how does one know that a person sees a colour exactly the way another does ? what if red looks different to you than it does to me ? is a colour more than just something visual , does it provoke a ... yes ! this is me too . as a result i more often listen to instrumental music . nothing wrong with some vocals over the top , but i'll still be listening to the rest of the band in the hope that they're ... i also don't look or seem like a metalhead . i heavily appreciate bands like meshuggah / periphery for the atmosphere they create , and their rhythmic complexity ; i enjoy trying to suss out what's going ... indeed . it's both v and m ( which is really weird ) - the music school . i'll have lectures on both campuses . i love wgn ... apart from the winds : tongue : tga in bop , if that helps . nice , i'm moving to wgn next year for study : happy : . tga . yourself ? look , another kiwi ! hi ! http://i1151.photobucket.com/albums/o621/kbdryo/selfielol_zpsa9f5eb6e.jpg bit spotty at the moment : ninja : . yay or nay on the stubble ? she'll get it , don't worry about that . sounds like a great idea ! all things come to he ( she ) who waits . there's nothing wrong with starting a little later ! the careers and successes of others are often of little relevance to you ( even if she's your younger ... something really strange has happened in the last two weeks since my final day of classes at high school ( even though i'm still on exams ) . i feel like just about everyone i know is starting to both ... it's warranted meaning the kiss ? how it worked for me : i drew her in for a hug , we hugged for a bit , then as we pulled away i paused for a bit where our heads were parallel , and went in . ... i knew that it would be something i remembered forever ( with my first and only girlfriend , now ex ) it took me a little while for me to pluck up the courage to go for it once we got there i was ... wow , it seems we are quite alike ! it's such a nice feeling to know that somebody out there can personally identify with me , and even see in me a little of themselves . wow . thanks ! i take pride in ... totally - i was meaning in public as well , forgot to put that in . it's very strange , glad someone relates ! i'm not sure if i'd even say i was afraid , which makes it even weirder . which topic are you ... i feel like i am intimidating on the outside . i'm rarely , if ever , approached by others , even some of my closer friends . i have to initiate contact 90 % of the time , which i very much hate . it's ... i definitely do speak shyly , it's pretty rare to get me pumped up enough to speak without erring on the timid side . i'm not sure what my triggers for being more expressive are just yet , but it's ... i feel so disconnected from my body . my speech feels so clumsy - the voice i hear in my head is so far different to the one i project . i trip over my words often and accidentally slur some into ... to my two most favorite friends , thank you , from the bottom of my heart , for your friendship . i am so much more grateful for your companionship than i will ever be able to express in words , and ... it's so frustrating having everyone telling me how well i performed , while i stand there , all smile-y and thank-y , knowing that i could have done much , much better . much like , i simply ask is everything okay ? . i try not to push too much if it's a no , but i do make it clear that they're welcome to talk to me if need be . they're usually happy that i'm ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u-n0y9s4NyY * cringes and presses post * '