' i'm looking forward to getting some spicy chicken curry when i get paid . mmm how about you ? peace guilty . i should probably be sleeping instead of drinking and listening to music , but i keep telling myself i'm spending some me time . stress , alcohol , blankets it actually wasn't that bad , though . ( maybe because of the alcohol ) it's weird that so many straight guys seem to only befriend women they're attracted to . 99.9 % of my male friends are attracted to men , but there's a reason they're my friend and not my boyfriend . i second this if you're into anime . i haven't been myself , but a friend of mine made loads of friends at conventions ! she's not even that into anime , but she loves doctor who and of course there were ... i dated an enfp once . mostly he was fun and cute , but every now and then he'd be really cold . he once told me that he wouldn't be sad if all his friends died . another time he admitted to me that as a ... i refuse help when i think i can handle it , when i think it's too much to ask of someone , or when i don't want to feel indebted to a person . i probably refuse help more than i accept it to be honest ... yesss i finally get to vent about my crush ! i think i've maxed out my friend's patience already haha let's see he's really creative and talented , like much more than me and he makes it look ... a big fear of mine was realized today when the divide between who i was and who i'm trying to be was breached . i stayed in my bed and cried for a while . i'm feeling a little bit better , but i still ... i went through similar experiences during school , and now that i'm finally going out and making friends again it's made me realize just how important relationships are to me . it's like i feed on the ... proof marrying your teenage idol might not be the dream come true you wanted . rupert grint this is a huge part of it i think . a few weeks ago i decided to change my perspective by changing my behavior and i've seen a huge improvement . for example i use to let myself get really angry if i ... do you guys ever experience mood swings ? i experience them a lot . i thought they'd happen less as i progressed out of puberty but that hasn't really been the case . for those who do , do you have ... you're probably right , i'm sure there are . i don't actually believe in it myself , but i wasn't going to say no to the compliment ! yeah , if i remember correctly there's a long period of ... yes , absolutely . it's a problem of mine . usually it's sort of an unspoken ultimatum when i've felt they wronged me . if when i leave they try to stop me from going , i'll give them another chance . but ... yum ! it looks so pretty ! this is kind of interesting because i was born shortly after his death ( april 13th ) and a friend of mine thinks i'm his reincarnation . i mentioned this to my mom and she looked me dead in the eye and ... larch do it ! don't let your dreams be dreams : wink : ( that sounds really good btw ! ) ( sorry , still haven't gotten the hang of replies ) i'm making friends ! i've gotten closer to my crush ! my household is pretty harmonious at the moment , money is less of an issue . i cleaned my room the other day and put up my own tree ! it's almost ... it's not even that i dislike it , i just find it really intimate and that intimidates me . i don't know when it's appropriate to touch someone , even my family . when i was in high school i broke down ... i have never planned on having kids , but i'm really fond of diah and rupert . https://soundcloud.com/vantagenoise/cocktail-midnight i don't have a youtube link , sadly ! my favorite part starts at 1:59 :p roud : i'm getting better in a lot of ways , but i'm too impatient . i've been lonely for so long , i want this isolation to end . i hope i'll be able to see the light soon . i think i can hold on . i'd probably want to be a ghost , have a psychic roommate , live out some quirky light-hearted sitcom about the meaning of life and death . i have a crush on an istj sooo ... yes i wouldn't be opposed to marrying them . giving a present or getting a present ? for me the romantic attraction is there from day one , so i'm not sure how to compare it to a platonic relationship because i never saw them in that light . i see every relationship with anyone i meet ... i like telling stories , but i find writing frustrating . my skill isn't very high because i stopped developing it as a teen , so that might be why . i've wanted to get back into it , but i feel like my ... i read somewhere that infps can give pretty scathing criticism , which i know has been true for me and something i'm trying to overcome . i can see that sort of maliciousness turning into violence if ... snow ! i use to love rain until it rained every other day this summer . i don't think i could get sick of snow . not cutting your finger nails for three years or not cutting your toe nails for five ... that's great to hear . i'm sure just being an infp isn't the sole reason he's a good person , but it's nice to see infps value other infps ! iipstain hello friend ! - hugs - you're too kind , once again ! your relationship with your father and boyfriend made me so happy to read . you father's love for your mother was too cute ! it's interesting ... awww , that's really sweet ! not sure if i could go months without talking to my so , though : confused : but hey , if it works for you then that's great ! i'm ok with small absences , i agree that missing ... be it romantic , platonic , or family . i've known one other infp irl , but i never got to know her . the pros seem like they'd be great , but the cons scare me , frankly . i think i'm the only person i know who prefers pepsi ! christmas or halloween ? i lick q-tips before putting them in my ear . it sounds pretty gross i guess , but i've met someone else who does it ! oh and to clarify , i don't lick them after i take them out or anything . just ... video games ! i get too introspective when i read , it's more fun to do something simple but interactive . candles or incense ? that's really weird . if anything i think trying to be more of an infp is fake . how can they be into mbti and think everyone within the same type is exactly the same ? maybe you should educate them , ... thank you for all the responses , it's definitely helped to simplify things . i'm getting the impression it's less about what i do and more about who i am and what i like . i guess that should be pretty ... there's this istj i met online that i really admire and kind of fancy . we met in a gaming community on tumblr , he had complimented something i'd posted and i quickly messaged him telling him i admire ... i like using colors in groups , i guess because i play a lot of sims and like to decorate haha usually orange , green , and blue as major colors accompanied by earth tones and white . it took me a really long time to figure this one out . more often than not most people just want you to listen . i'd always try to give advice about how i'd do it , which obviously isn't always helpful ... orangeappled i relate to so much of what you put . especially this : i feel like i should because it's the only thing i've seen praised about infps . fairness is a huge thing for me , to the ... this happens to me , but usually not with people . in both cases it's almost always just overthinking it . i'm so focused on the initial train of thought that everything else completely passes me by . in ... iipstain oh wow , i wasn't expecting such a nice response ! : blushed : you're so kind , thank you for being so welcoming ! questioning whether i'm an infp might have been a bit of an exaggeration ~ i'm ... aries ! i relate to it in some ways , but most of the time i boil it down to being a 4w3 . i'm a bastard lol hey ! new here , so a bit nervous . what typical infp stereotypes have you heard that might have ~ momentarily ~ made you question whether you're an infp ? mine is that all infps journal / write poetry ... '