' random thing i wrote when i was bored in class today : the cool autumn breeze blew through the classroom . the sound of typing came in short spurts every few seconds . students sat in thought , or ... i certainly wouldn't describe myself as ' feminine ' . i hate most things described as characteristically ' girly ' . dresses , makeup , shopping , gossip ... i don't like any of that stuff . i live in ... generally , i don't get attached enough to ' friends ' for it to matter when i leave them or vice versa . usually , i'd just tell them that i'm leaving . i remember my old ' people i hang out with that ... i read . a lot . when i'm bored , i read . when i have free time , i read . i love reading . the sherlock holmes books and the lord of the rings trilogy are particularly good . i actually find many striking similarities between sherlock and me . moreso in the books than the bbc show , but even then , i am such a sherlock . my intj friend likes to say that she's moriarty , while ... my day is so good reading apollo's haikus why , rick riordan , why ? oh ! bravo ! brilliant introductions ! i actually bothered to do an introduction . it wasn't as long as the infx types ' were , but it sufficed . keep up the good work and i hope you enjoy your time at perc ! daleks_exterminate you remind me of my favourite television program . i hope that nobody exterminates the fun you bring to perc . * watches the tickling from the sidelines * * gives a small smile * that was a very thorough analysis . i would say you are correctly typed as intp . your avatar makes it seem like you enjoy having christmas alone . your signature has a fictional quote . i can't possibly ... i enjoy singing ( when i am alone ) . often i will sing musical songs or 80s rock . there is no in between . just now , i am singing carry on wayward son while doing my maths assignment . very true . i shall do so . i still saved the mona lisa anyway . i am a cruel person . :P * laughing about how the only comment is about intj being one of the best types for a romantic relationship * i'd think that enfp and intp or something like that would be good ... i don't know . i know ... my day is okay i just made a haiku rhyme man , i am so good intp . they can be pretty absent-minded . type most likely to spend hours trying to formulate the best response to an email . i'm actually pretty good friends with an esfp , but she's the only one i know . she can get a little annoying at times , but she's very friendly and fun to be around . i respect esfps . they're very ... inigo montoya : don't think he's an intj ... thomas jefferson : intj the brain : intj asajj ventress : i don't know . sam spade : i don't know . annabeth chase : i'd like to say intj , because she's a ... also , when would anyone ever be in the situation where they have the option to save the mona lisa or a drowning child ? this seems more like two completely different situations to me . i doubt that ... the lord of the rings ! ! ! i'm still in high school and i currently love : - english - chemistry - japanese - music - visual art - history ( ancient , but our school only did it in grades 7 & 8 ... ) subjects i like : - ... why do i get blamed for the loss of the child ? the parents didn't save them . none of the hundreds of other people saved them . it's not my responsibility . the mona lisa . who cares about children ? also i'd get a good reward for rescuing that work of art . i don't really like the painting anyway . da vinci has done much better artworks than that . these are all fandom references and i post them in hope that someone who understands it will be able to talk to me about it . if they get the reference , great . i may have made a new friend . if not , ... the crisis on infinite earths comics are pretty good . i'm a marvel fan as well , but i was first introduced to dc and absolutely love it . i'm an intj by the way . no . not human . please . anything but human ... * hugs hug bot and sobs loudly * what is wrong with me ? ! ! um ... gooey-insides . what do my feelings look like again ? i think i may have lost them . stop thinking all the time , brain ! i usually love to be alone and whenever there are people around , i want to ... welcome ! :) greetings and welcome ! i love banjo-kazooie ! * high fives * i play it on n64 along with zelda : ocarina of time and diddy kong racing . :) i'm a comic-book fan , but more with the dc universe . happy ... i'm not the only one who thought of this xd not the best , to be honest . i'm trying to develop them ... my fi is annoying . i don't want to know how i'm feeling . it's uncomfortable and clashes with my te . then , with my se , i've tried to develop ... i hate that my post still hasn't been analysed for my type ... two days have already passed ... :P maybe our soft hearts aren't too bad after all ( i certainly wouldn't call my innards ' jiggly ' though ) . do we want people to see as nothing but heartless geniuses who want to take over the world ? it's ... not like me . :P there are different types of intelligence and i'm sure that every intj is intelligent in some way . i mean , there could be lazy intjs , but that doesn't mean they're unintelligent . it's a doctor who reference . :P * looks up from book with dishevelled hair and bags under eyes * huh ? i'm going to be really cheesy here , but oh well ( or maybe a bit corny too . cheese and corn is a great combo ) . everyone's ... i have a few friends who are infps . all female ( i've never actually met a male infp before . i'm fairly close with a male isfp , enfp and infj , but they're not quite the same ) . my female infp friends ... haha . same . 1 . present yourself . do you have a nickname ? how many light years are you old ? i'm clara oswin oswald . i'm the impossible girl . i am everywhere at once . all over time and space . age is irrelevant . ... you're not being selfish . i never even created social media accounts for myself in the first place ( i've got pinterest and that's it ) . i prefer to be alone and rarely talk to anyone ( except a few ... the lord of the rings trilogy , all of rick riordan's books and the anne of green gables series . 1 . i hate conceited idiots . 2 . they think they know best , when all they're doing is making a complete fool of themselves . i especially hate when they try to convince me that i'm wrong . they use no ... * pumps fist * yes ! i have all five qualities ! a wolf ( because i'm apparently intimidating ) or an owl ( i'm always thinking and my face looks like an owl when i'm confused ) . oh ! and a giraffe . i'm tall and awkward . :P never . i can say some really cutting and sarcastic remarks , but i would never attack someone personally . i'm a future-oriented person . i don't really bring up the past . it can't be changed and it's ... in doctor who , they explained that the bees were disappearing because they were returning to their home planet ( they're actually aliens ) . ;P what are you like at your best ? i'm motivated , energetic and ready for anything . i can be incredibly optimistic and will let nothing bring me down . at my best i will be able to write forever and ... this is one of the sweetest threads i've ever seen . i'm so used to being unnoticed or feared by others . it feels good to be appreciated . :) 85/100 masculine . 34.167 / 100 feminine . 62.5 / 100 androgynous / neutral . female intj . i'm highly independent , so this was reasonable . hello ! welcome to personality cafe ! '