' sounds like your logic is based on your definition of subjective perfection . my version of my perfect self is not the same as others . and we dont merely seek perfection from ourselves , but in ... why cant dogs be cats ? there are those who have a broad selection of topics that they are emotional and sensitive towards . while intj are even more so towards very specific topics . so when you find ... sorry if this goes of topic . but how do you feel empathy for someone who is dead ? empathy is , as i understood it , a way of understanding a persons feeling , understand how where they came from , and ... all men must die i am curious , why all the torture ? isn't it enough to just kill them ? it is my personal philosophy / psychology in becoming wiser and more intelligent . apoligizes for the inconsistencies . perhaps i shall go back to my first intention , which was to learn more about ... there is no absolute truth to anything . just a mere phrase . i rather view the phrase as one is wise enough to understand that by speaking you learn only that which you already know . while when ... http://i57.tinypic.com/ckls4.jpg i wise man will listen , observe , and speak only when needed . and when he speaks , it will be words of note . a less wise man will talk to fill the silence . remember there are various forms of determinism . some will call it destiny . some faith . some will say their god controls it . others the three old ladies that play with strings . none of those ... ( removed - dont know how to reply nor delete : s ) i belive that actions should be based on rational and analyzed thoughts . but to separate ourselvs from machines , these thoughts should be fueled by emotions . not by anger , envy , greed , sadness , and ... who where is a follower of stoicism ? i figured it fits well with the intj rational thinking which i base on me being a intj , perhaps i am wrong . anyway , i would like to learn more if anyone here ... * slow-mo fistbump * all the good , all the bad , and all the actions you will do in between will define us for who we are today . and i wouldnt be anyone else then who i am at this moment . ( stay ... immortality resurrection / artifical birth time travel forcing evolution finding other species true compassion is silently shown from the shadows everything can be explained . by someone and at some point . at least theories can be given . i will attempt mine . all things have some sort of destiny , not as in divine , but as in linear logically ... it will be only various of questions , no painful experiments . promises . have you ever considered it is in your mind , that somehow it is your subconscious that is observing things that your ... well , i have seen to many movies where people have super powers . and they seem to be fun and interesting people . to contrary to me , without super powers . hence i am boring . and that is sad . sadly no , i am just a mere boring being . but i do try to bridge pseudoscience with science . can i take advantage of your abilities to make a better personal understanding ? i like you . i like people that intrigue me to google after the meaning of new words . if you are interested i would be interested to talk more . pm me if you like , i would like . tell me more about your psychicii . even if the ramifications hurts yourself or others , loved or stranger , parents or children ; physically or emotionally ? when i get my first child , and that child becomes a child i will prove you wrong . it is not up to the children to seek such things out on their own , but up to their parents , their elders and their ... euphoria - intense feelings of well-being , elation , happiness , excitement , and joy the moment that makes all other seconds invaluable and empty . where you cry , laugh and scream happiness ... sometimes they are envious , so they try to take what they don't have sometimes they are troubled , abused , in pain and therefor they try to make other suffer too sometimes they seek attention , ... 80150 as in yin yang ' one side with a small hint of the other , and the other with equal hint of the former . togheter they combined . difficult as it sounds , there are rarely just two . and around ... some say we should accept the world for what it is , even the good and the bad . they say - stop changing the world , instead change yourself to find a different perspective to view the current world in ... 79944 ( how to make the picture big ? ) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KtaMTIQuwA8 sometimes when feel captured by money and things that tries to devour my dreams , i tend to watch movieclips like these - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=53K1NspYwsA if fapfap is the sound of man , what say is the sound of woman ? if you have heard about the manbearpig , then i am sure you know there is something called unidiger rather strange than sheep , unless you are the strange sheep ! hello new user ! i have room for a few friend more - if ! - you can answer me these riddle three ! - a bird with a fruity name , who has not learned the flying game - an arrow showing early number , ... nothing in the universe is organized - why should my room be ? everything is see or experience that is interesting sticks with me forever and ever more until the day it is no longer interesting . maybe some have heard of it , but i came across it a while ago . the law of the garbage truck : one day i hopped in a taxi and we took off for the airport . we were driving in the right lane when ... well then , it sounds like i will be asking you many questions from now on , expecting you to explain me everything i dont know ;) hope you are ready for it ! will send them on pm , as soon as i am ... how did you learn to asses friends and family ? i mean without making them doing the test itself . and welcome ! , somewhat your smily-face fits your personality . for those who say they dont lie , or are about to say it ; how do you respond when a person gives a question you don't want to answer , and not answering it puts you or someone else in an even more ... hello all viewers , i really like personality and human behavior , and glad i randomly found this site ! i have some problems navigating the site , and so many tests . would appreciate some pointing ... '