' change my username name to xz9 there are multiple tri-type combinations . each gives you a personality . 8-6- 3 the justice fighter this is really typical of estj description . others may know this type as a old school military ... i wanted to add that there are certain types of estj i find more attractive . the most i find attractive is the old school military general type . this pairing is recommended because intp and estj have dominate ti and te who share the same view of the world . https://www.personalitypage.com/INTP_rel.html ... i find myself attractive to the idea of an estp . however , i think this pairing is horrible in the long run . i can't image this working out all . the reason why i'm drawn to estp is because of their ... i have heard your idea that estjs are less likely to come out of the closet before due to their masculinity . the question asks how common are lgbt estjs . given the fact that estj are a numerous personality type by 10 % , 3 % of the population are homosexual . doing simple probability statistics , there are 21 ... there were studies showing how people's brains get pleasure equivalent to receiving money or buying food when ask to talk about themselves . you can just ask people to talk about themselves which is ... my family member who is an infp broke up with her enfj boyfriend who have been dating for one year . my relative said the reason was that he kept on getting domineering and aggressive like our mom ... intj and estj are suppose to be illusion relations . illusionary , or mirage , relations , like semi-duality , are similar to duality in that many of each partners ' functions directly correspond to ... i wouldn't misrepresent your myers-briggs type . that'd be like changing your gender . i wanted to add that descriptions are a poor way to type people . my istp relatives sounded a lot like the description on personality page . i had a hard time typing my other istp relatives . he ... uhhh so how did you confuse yourself for estj when you're infp ? in response to the esfp and estj pairing , this is suppose to be a benefactor-beneficiary relationship . benefit , or request , is an asymmetric relation in which the type with the higher status is ... why don't you guys approach this from a biological perspective . the need for partying is for people who have a high simulations and high socialization . i don't think those things are exclusive to ... that's your opposing argument . that doesn't exactly refute why xstj and xnfp is a bad pairing because everyone is a little different . correct , you can fall in love with any type , however , ... that's a fooling thing to say . infp and enfp paired up with estj and istj had a low satisfactory rating . they rated each other 43 % . nf paired with nf had an 80 % positive rating . i think you're ... quiet minute cognitive functions are a flawless way of typing people . infj - ne-fe-ti-se enfj - fe-ni-se-ti ehhhe make your post have paragraphs so i can read it better . i know a few intps that acted like types 8 and came off like businessmen . it all depends on the individual . you should like at the romantic style for istj and estj . pretty different if you ask me despite being introverted and extroverted types . conquerors : sle ( estp ) lsi ( istj ) these are assertive ... istp or intp are suppose to be your best matches , however , i suppose any pairing is possible . be warned that infp and enfp reported low satisfactory rate when paired up with estj or istj . i find ... well what exactly don't you like about the function ? what are some real life examples ? ti - analyzing , categorizing , and evaluating according to principles te - segmenting , organizing for ... i have never heard of ti and te clash . that's ridiculous . here's why istp's and intp's are suppose to be estj's pairings . you may be interested in understanding how we came to the conclusion ... i'm curious too . thoughts ? my sister has been with her enfj boyfriend for a year and a half . they appear to be happy . i think esfj's can be a good couple too . fi-ne-si-te infp's fe-si-ne-ti esfj's every time an nf walks in the room , music of idealism starts playing . the stars ! the moon ! i think of enfj's as somebody who is mysterious . isfp or infp because they have introverted feeling to line up with your extroverted feeling . basically fe-ni-se-ti fi-se-ni-te fi-ne-si-te yeah you don't have to marry istp or intp who is suppose to be estj's ideal partner . however , you want to end of with somebody who cares about your cognitive functions . istp's or intp's are your best match because their introverted thinking lines up with your extroverted thinking . however , you may pick which ever partner you want including a second estj like ... sokka was entp . it appears intj and intp are similar on the surface being both quiet types who are into science and the abstract concepts . the downside of two introvert relations is that it can get stagnant . you'd ... i read the hunger games . i believe the main character was istp and her possible romance partner was entj which is why i'm so interested . i'm really intp . i read the hunger games . i believe the main character was istp and his love match was entj which is why i'm so interested . i'm really intp . you can't articulate your thoughts well . you're probably an intp . so what about istp's ? i think they are four romantic types for intp as a pairing . estp - i've been attractive to estp's before but i would never consider for a long term relations . esfp - esfp's are a bit more ... this is suppose to be business relations . communication isn't that attractive . fe and te is their the 8th function of these types which is neglected and poorly used . partners never care into each ... how good are estj's at theory and abstracts ? what do you guys think of istp's for relationship ? this is suppose to be business relations according to socionics as posted on the first page . commutation isn't that attractive . partners are similar but there's enough physiology distance that they ... is it hard interacting up close to each other ? i'm curious of there's any enfj's or estp's that live together . what is the relation like ? is it hard doing chores and errands around each other ? there was a study showing that 50 % old people who lost their partner showed normal behavior after one year . death is often over exaggerated . you shouldn't feel bad for not acting a certain way ... edit how well is your knowledge at science as an enfj ? this is relationship of supervision + supervise . enfj's are the supervision and intp's are the supervise because of fe + ni . probably the worst thing intp's in the eyes of enfj's is disregard how other ... yes , they do exist . i've meet an intp girl as a counselor and her tri-type was 5-2- 1 . her type two made her caring . this , however , can apply to any type in myers-brigg whereas people with type 2 vibe ... your function will never be romantically attractive to sensors . infj's are attractive to our ne . that's the reason why they fall for intp's . however , intp's may not feel the same way . '