' it's a funny mix . when i was single i didn't miss sex , i was fine without . however now that i'm in a relationship my drive has grown huge ( we haven't had sex yet ) . my ex said i was hypersexual or ... no .. this stuff actually makes me uncomfortable to joke about . i do like to be silly with people i know well , maybe the infps you know are just silly about different stuff than i am . that was a fun quiz . infp - detective detectives are tough cookies . they're often caught up entirely in their immediate pursuits , which they attack with vigor and determination . detectives ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IhUQyyCpIDc https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KdcU3x1drLo https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b3dYS7PcAG4 enfp isfp . it took me a very long time to discover that a friend who is isfp was not the same type as me , because we think and act so similarly . i'd like the response that it was something they really wanted or are just glad to have . but really just want to see them pleased by it . i have a lot of fun giving gifts , it feels like a game , ... eii - 0 fine ( infj ) i'm a decent liar as far as i know . lying is socially useful and spares a lot of potentially hurt feelings . i don't know about the ti stuff - my ti dominant friend ( intp ) is very honest , and a bad ... think and feel whatever you want , but show with your actions that you are happy for her , support her and love her , make this about her and not you . quizzes i don't have discomfort with people expressing real sadness , i will do my thing in my own way , by listening and validating them . if i detect that they are being inauthentic or attention seeking i ... i don't feel depressed when i'm not striving for a goal , that feels natural to me . when i get stuff done it's more because of external forces , not an internal drive . having said that i do see a ... i don't see anything in the op about the drug being usable on others , i thought it could only save this guy . it's my impression that it's important to introverts generally want to not have their personal space intruded upon . i'm not sure if infjs are different . i am not organized but i wouldn't want ... i took the test online , and got infp as my result . i read all the type descriptions , took a lot more tests ( always getting infp ) , and i read more descriptions . what really confirmed it was reading ... yes , without a moment's hesitation . i would then contact the police about the murders . cats . they're so beautiful i can't believe they exist , more beautiful than any mythical creature in my opinion . female infp 28.333 out of 100 masculine points 82.5 out of 100 feminine points 62.5 out of 100 androgynous points to me being authentic is doing things in accordance with my values , and not doing things that go against my values . it is following my principles and my heart . one of my values is that i hate ... other infps . it's nice to know i'm not alone with my way of thinking . i think i remember hearing 70ish % of f types are female ( don't feel like looking up statistics right now ) but i never considered whether it was evenly distributed over each f type . that's ... nothing is undone . everything you have worked on has strengthened you over months and a five minute conversation doesn't negate that . you have had a difficult interaction and it's unsettled you , ... what stands out to me most from this situation imo is something i am also working on . the mistake i make is to attempt to look through other peoples eyes at myself , worrying what they think of me ... i don't think i fit into the stereotypical image of an average person , which is more why i feel i don't fit in . it's not about gender in my case . i think infp may be a certain type of feminine ... sunny mediterranean coastal / near the sea hilly / mountainous having trouble deciding to go with small town or city - i guess i'll say city but prefer a small one :) i don't find that i have difficulty with logic . i've heard fi is a rational function , which i think means that decisions are made logically , taking ethics into account . it's comfortable , i especially like the shoelessness . fe seems kind of magical to me with enfjs i know - to me it is amazing to know instantly how others are feeling , no matter who they are . fi seems less so - of course i know how i'm feeling , i have ... mostly folk songs , and they don't make me as teary once i play them over and over . this one used to really affect me https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cZqN1glz4JY when i read descriptions of ti my eyes glaze over . it's one of the functions i don't really understand . i don't like to use te and it doesn't come naturally , but at least i understand what i'm ... i am an easygoing , messy person but i do nitpick about a few odd things . for example , in my apartment i don't like it when people rest glasses with drinks in them on unsteady surfaces . i don't like ... kittens steal your score on extraversion is low , indicating you are introverted , reserved , and quiet . you enjoy solitude and solitary activities . your socializing tends to be restricted to a few close friends . ... i can't believe you're real words if it was anyone other than a family member or very close friend i would feel very taken aback if it were the first time it happened . i used to have a boss that yelled and had temper tantrums but i ... the universe i see both sides of the discussion on adderall , and i pick up that you were talking at cross-purposes . with my intp friend it's very different - she doesn't get emotional in that type of ... i would guess estj and entj being te doms . i noticed isxj procrastination takes a different form to mine . it seems to cause them a lot of anxiety and they will obsess over the project if they ... very often relate to neil gaiman's characters , and shirley jackson's . they seem to use a lot of infps . hi all , i'd like to get an informal poll of you guys - as infp , do any of the below traits describe you ? feel free to add commentary on why or why not if you so desire ! social interactions x ... i agree with you about the selection bias . just would have expected to see it across the board - for both types of inj . very entertaining thread btw . i only noticed one infj on this thread . the rest were mostly intjs . i wonder why that is . intjs seem particuarly inclined to debate , but it's still pretty striking . sugar purge when i post on this thread i deliberately look at the name of the most recent poster before i look , so i'm not influenced by that . i wasn't feeling very healthy when i joined , in terms of the enneagram health levels . i'm a lot better now and i thought about requesting a name change . it's kind of depressing defining myself by ... isfp '