' i lived through a lot of abuse when younger . that came back to haunt me in my 20 ' s . flashbacks . of my abuse . severe ones . lasted an entire summer . 3 months of hell . had intense emotional flares where ... first off , the time needed to recover from a breakup will depend on such things as how long it went for , how invested the involved parties were , how tumultuous the relationship was ( or how many ... lol oh really ? do tell . : happy : well said . motivation is everything . i used to be part of an online program that would have reunions every year , a different destination each time . reunions for like 15 years ! anyone who used the program was invited to come . so you'd ... if you just wanted to release some of your emotional pressure , then yes , this was a good way . but if you are hoping it will affect change in the situation , i'm afraid it will not have the desired ... perfect bookends ! you can't find the words to express it , we can't seem to find the ones anyone else will understand . same outcome ! * hugs * welcome to the club i know , it's like the mothership just beamed us up and flew us to our home planet . we're not alone after all . welcome to the family ;) that right there is the clincher . when people ascribe or question my motives they are challenging my very core . my motivations are everything . you just hit the bullseye on the nerve that all of us ... i've been having trouble with a few friendships because of this . they have very set ideas about what they think i'm thinking or feeling , which are inaccurate , and they think i need to change how i ... i love this thread ! you always see so many threads about the things all the nfs share , but these questions have really been an eye-opener into our differences . i love comparing and contrasting and ... i thought the same thing ! but i love it :D woot , thinkers . you turn me on when you use your thinking to connect to my world . ( yes , i know the original poster is female . i don't care . :P ... 1 . do you automatically realize when you are experiencing an emotion ? yes . it's kind of shocking to think anyone wouldn't . interesting revelation . 2 . when you realize that you're experiencing ... love math and puzzles and games . i like figuring things out . i want a bit of a challenge , because then i didn't just accomplish something , i learned something to boot . haha , i pity guys watching that , because yeah , us infp's , even if we don't totally identify with everything the girl in the video said , we are totally paradoxes in so many ways , and that can't be ... something i've come to believe about j vs . p is that j's like to organize people and what they do , p's seem to like to organize things ( data , objects , memories , etc . ) that being said , i have almost ... ima 3w4sx you still there ? how did it go ? you okay ? while anything is possible in this world , and an enfj is really really good at seeing those possibilities , i think this is one of those things you can't change . if someone is interested in girls , ... both geared toward people , especially about helping people live to a truer form of themselves . fiercely protective about people they care about . can get amazingly agitated ( and aggressive ) ... the responses by strawberrylola and psyche made me think of a conversation i was having the other day with someone about the welfare system . there are a growing number of people with physical ... that's an intense schedule ! no wonder you are stretched taut ! it makes sense you would start craving a deep connection with people when your schedule disconnects you from anything but what you ... i think it's a highly complex subject . it's a demoralizing experience for those that are truly in it . people in poverty are always losing out in some way , because they have to choose which of the ... can't we all get along ? ? ? lol i'm with wickerdeer , the more i watch and learn about different spiders , the more respect and appreciation i find for them as living things . but i treat every living ... i agree with epic love it's so awesome to hear about a relationship that has weathered the storms and has grown ( and even thrived ! ) in the years it's been there . 18 years is great ! can i ask , ... when a problem comes up , and you'd like to handle it yourself , don't tell it to your parents until after you've handled it . they obviously have a compulsion to always want to handle it for you , not ... actually , when i think about it , if you ever read comments on any website anywhere , people generally think anyone else is dumb if those people aren't agreeing with their comments . lol i think ... wow ! think of all the potential . everything it was , everything it could be ! yes ! give me old houses . i need that history , to touch the past . i want depth and story and colorfulness and challenge . i want something that has it's own personality . something that has cracks and ... you realize , neither of you share any of the same functions . of course this is going to challenge your brain ! both of you are going to challenge each other to think in new ways . this isn't a game ... this simple statement conjured up a dramatic mental picture for me . if their personality is strong like a solar sun , and it attracts other planetary bodies to revolve and coexist with it , i'm so for ... when you both were younger , your disagreements were about the things children fight over . now that you both are getting into the adult world , the stakes are higher . you're going to be disagreeing ... when i was younger , i'd react harshly . now i stop and try to dissect what's behind the comment . i ask things like : why did the person say what they said ? what motivates them ? is it their ... i'm going to take the heavier route , since i don't know exactly where you are on the chaotic / grounded scale you are thinking of . when things in the outside world upset my inner stability , when ... because infps and istjs share all the same functions , just in a different order . so in reality , you don't share any functions with either the infp or the istj ... kind of an opposites attract kind of ... i had two ldrs , and although they didn't work out , it wasn't because of the distance . ldrs aren't for everyone . some people need that immediate-vicinity contact . personally , i'm the kind of person ... this is a possibility you made some valid points . i decided i was too hasty and needed more information , because basing a typing off of one video seemed kind of narrow . in the posted video , ... lol i can't picture any infp or isfp being able to keep up a continuous stream of words like that . we're looking at an e , for sure . definitely has a passion about what they believe in , but the ... is he asking this because he wants something to work on , or because he thinks he can fix it and suddenly become what you want ? that put a little caution flag up for me . the things you critique him ... 1 . how do you attend to your looks as an nf ? ( makeup , eyebrows , hair styles , etc ? ) for everyday living , i don't want to spend a lot of time and effort on how i put myself together . i have too much ... i thought that was an interesting reason to stay in the relationship . they didn't say it was because they care about the person , or because the person provides something your friend lacks , or that ... when i meet people i clique with , i tell them , you're my kind of crazy . attic , i do believe you guys might be my kind of crazy :) i think we're constantly put in a ... when i was in my early twenties , i used to help several elderly people clean their homes . the one woman i cleaned for was very gentle and sweet , i never had any problems with her , but she would ... please don't stop ! i like how you say things . and you always offer a new perspective to the conversation at hand . :) this . 100 % . what do you see wrong that you'd love to help be the solution to ? just because things are a certain way doesn't mean they are supposed to be that way . can you get involved in something ... is it possible you had to do a lot of focusing recently , and it's starting to show ? infps can be intensely focused when something is important , but after awhile , they burn out from being so driven ... so , to join that childlike delight with words of wisdom , i bring you kung fu panda . ( i just watched the third movie and it's tagged my brain for the next week ... and i make no apologies for ... i think master oogway says it the best : 609218 depends on how much is going on in the scene , how quickly it unfolded , and whether or not the mental and emotional resources were tied up in something else at the time . if the emotions are pretty ... i don't think # 1 has been my experience . fi and fe can both be reactive . i've seen estjs become highly reactive , and they use fi . it's not about what function you have , because fi and fe should not ... maybe i'm misunderstanding the initial question , because i didn't automatically link ne with creativity . creativity kind of is out there on it's own . for me , my creativity is a way of releasing ... '