hi , i'd like to change my username to : fuliajulia thanks ! : kitteh : hey , so i haven't seen anybody talking about it but ej arendee deleted his channel . i'm not starting this thread to speculate about his mental health or anything , but as was talked about in ... damnit infj , why ya always gotta be so soul searchy ? you are difficult to insult because i don't want to hurt you ... damn your aura of innocence ! ! ! i was interested in what type oedipus might be and i noticed there was no discussion thread on it so here we are . to me , oedipus seemed like an overenthusiastic estp or esfp , for creon i was ... infp isfp this is the most entp comment ever made . redpandas it was an accident . i am sorry , i have edited my post . intp . a robot who can only access their fe by being adorable . as an infj , i feel personally obligated to tell the infj who wrote that to go outside ! tmlt build a raft and head down the mississippi ? isfj intp af tmlt experiment ... in the kitchen . hey , i couldn't find a thread for him , so let's type watsky ! obligatory examples : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aOfIDtvfmqg https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pO8v1iWVTIM ... http://media.tumblr.com/1e3303c5fa0a6b144758ef76651a2aa4/tumblr_inline_mu1z9wSuZi1r8ayy5.gif smh you clever bastard ( btw tim minchin is the bomb digity dog ) fluffy ! give me your guruly advice ... how do i best make an entp uncomfortable ? fluffytheanarchist inxxs hide in overintellectual corners protected by their isxx friends . extroverts clump over sports a lot , mostly esxx with enfx and the occasional ixfj . entj are part of the overachiever committee ... enfp ( inarguably ) tmlt run exclusively on caffeine . esfj ... some fe dom tmlt always root for the villain ? ain't no party like an entp party because entps lower everyone's life expectancy . esfj def ( there was this really interesting study done that showed esfjs are the most likely type to join cults and over time in one whatever your type you become more esfj ) tmlt go to an ivy league ... isfp ( once they get out of their obligatory emo phase ) type most likely to ask too many questions ? istj type most likely to believe the world is just ? so insanely enfp . type most likely to drop everything and travel the world ? and i give you ... entp ! tmlt give off a cheerfully sinister vibe ? ( oddly enough , i get this one a lot ... ) you seem very intj . isfj maybe ? you're such a mystery , pancake . look who doesn't use ni ... the reason ni users typically have less traditional readings of things is because we delve within and see a network of connections , thoughts leading to other thoughts , ... i find debating with people who can't science seriously emotionally distressing ... in big five terms i believe this would be called : high openness + low iq = believes vaccines cause autism well yes , but it's all a lie . ( the cake is a pie ) congrats ! : kitteh : you kinda have an intj vibe . infp tmlt what only poignant , coming of age movies ? i have a lot of fun with my enfp friends , but sometimes they can get really draining . so i guess they just call for moderation . in the realm of relationships , i doubt it would work out long term , we ... well , that makes a lot of sense . the ability to be curious and to then pursue that curiosity . estp tmlt be that math teacher who tries to make learning fun by raping the lesson ? hi there new worshiper at the gates of personality typing weirdness , have an obligatory welcome penguin : 424154 esfp with an instagram problem tmlt wait 36 hours in line at comic con ? hi shatteredglass ! have an obligatory welcome penguin : 423570 you're definitely not alone in your unsureness on type , and if you're interested in descending into typological madness with us you ... estj , overenthusiastically applying economics theories since the beginning of time ... tmlt lie compulsively ? ... and then an estp shared his personal opinions , how surprising . ( though it is interesting how inferior se and inferior ni interact ) yeah , it's an infj thing ... i worry the same way ( about finding love , but also fulfillment in general ) . my solution is to throw myself into obsessions such as tumblr , and this . if only i knew ... enfp tmlt be obsessed with broadway musicals ? yay , descend into this friendly pit of doom with us ! obligatory welcome penguin : http://cdn.business2community.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/08/Penguin-3.png istj ( or any thinker that uses si : rolleyes :) tmlt spend their friday nights rocking out to npr ? isfp it's difficult because i feel like every book i've ever read has in some way influenced my thinking , but probably looking for alaska and kira kira ( also , lemony snicket , that glorious bastard ) . ...