' they mistook me for a housecat but i am a tigress fierce as the night i tried a little faith i let you inside to the core of my fears to the shadows in my sight … and the world opened up so huge with joy ! you by my side love undestroyed and me , unflinching ... i'm vowing to never accept conditional affection from anyone , ever again . i'm done being understanding because people are doing the best from what level they're at . it takes too great a toll on me ... it's been a rough week , and i was falling into old patterns of feeling like i might be a burden to the people in my life ... and just feeling ... anxious and nervous and dislikable . but i had had such a ... i gave you a magnet best friends we ’ d ever be who ’ d snap back together natural in our polarity i knew you were damaged but i still didn ’ t see the depth , the breadth the nadir of your misery i ... dear intj , you're scaring me so much . i don't know how to make you feel valuable . i've done all i can to help you . i don't know if it's enough . we love you dearly , but you can't see it . ... i heard true love trapped in a melody and i wished to write a sonnet to capture the mood it gave to me so i sat down with a parchment sheaf fingers all but dancing , poised in glee to pen the ... oh , this exquisite emotion is my melody and my refrain i know one-hundred-thousand shades of pain endless feelings stolen from someone else ’ s day how could i let such majesty go to live a placid ... ditto to this ... high school was frustrating because i never felt like i could relate to the other teens , and clearly they couldn't relate to me . making friends in college , though , was as easy as ... . just when i think i ’ ve lost you just when i ’ m so tired i toss away the fight and say , “ i ’ ll just embrace my demons , then … ‘ cause you feel so far away , and i ’ ll never be your angel . ” — that ’ s when ... on a hallowed day i flew higher than thought freer than an untied slave thrilling with the wind feeling like heaven might let me in and then the air fell still and i fell further still into ... there is sorrow in the brush pileu 2028 in lamb ’ s quarter faded , now senile — in brambles limp , once wild but aged dandelions once bloomed free they ruled the world as tumbleweed — they have no ... chisel , crack i hate the way she ’ s sculpting you blue-gray veins ? just marble bruised . chisel , chip , scraps tossed wide i ’ ll never know how she decides um ... if so , that's a glitch in the download . the third track is one of my favorites , and i'm not too fond of static . lol . here's a link where you can listen to it : ... you strum like a guitar earthen , gentle notes pouring from wood and wire and i tried to love the kindness in your eyes beautiful soul , i wish we harmonized but ix92m the choir and the band ... i agree with you in that i wish there were more ballads , and i was a bit displeased by shake it off . somehow , though , the songs i've listened to still have that distinct swift flavor , and i'm ... happy that taylor swift's new album is out ! only , i can't download any songs because it doesn't seem to be on amazon yet , and i can't use itunes . :P so i'm trying to listen to them elsewhere to ... part of me likes myself , and earnestly tries to grow and be joyful and light and happy . part of me loathes myself and hunts for ways to brutalize myself mentally . when i'm locked in either mindset , ... dear old friends , i'm not sorry i chose to forgive you and let you back in my life . mostly . but there's a little part of me that wishes — every now and then — that i'd just let our friendships go ... i don't know where this journey ends but still i'm leaping off the edge i'll feel the wind in my ears and the sky in my hair and the gravity of everything i've never been until the joy of free ... aw . it's okay ; don't worry . i wrote it at the peak of my hurt feelings , so it came out pretty raw . dashed hopes aren't fun ... but i swear i'm still an optimistic creature . : happy : dear ___ , you so easily become like the rest of them . you make it effortless for me to walk away , and never have to need you at all . and now i exist somewhere you can't reach , and i pack ... most of the time i really , genuinely like people . and then sometimes it would be so easy to be furious with them ... i try so hard to be fair and genuine and open , and so many people let me down .   ... i know i've replied to this thread before , but i thought of a new angle . i frequent bookstores and libraries , and any activity that engages the imagination and the heart ( nife ) but i also really ... i've tried so hard to be indifferent to men , because every significant crush i've ever had has been secret and unreciprocated , and i always felt so ashamed . now ... it's time to shatter those ... can i ? wait — what — kneejerk yes ( more so , i guess ) backpedaling alarm , lurching my insides but i can't think of a reason to step aside his fingers gently catching mine trapping car keys — i should ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ps-mZ5BQQDY and this is how you remind me of what i really am . trying not to hope for love is damaging . hoping for love gets you hurt . i don't understand why romance has to be this complicated and painful . one of my best friends is in the process of discussing marriage with her boyfriend ... and if everything goes according to plan , she wants me to be a bridesmaid ! :D :D :D but i can't tell anyone yet , ... it has been a long time since i've been this depressed or felt this thoroughly dislikable . i don't know how to break out of this . i feel horribly irritable , inward , listless , hopeless ... i cry at ... bleakness consumes all a yawning mouth shoveling life into its waiting jaws — an appetizer of battered patience then a salad of braised confidence a main dish of half-baked joy from whence this boiling anger , searing skin ? a churning magma of frustration , melting bone ? i watch you as you love my shell but i am here , i am here ! weak , formless ashes on the wind … but i am real , i am real ! i turned to the sky expecting to glimpse the moon ... even the stars were dark . in fairness , you don't know the details of the situation , or what — for that matter — they might have actually said in real life . so calling sleepyfox's letter selfish seems a bit much . and , clearly ... i sent my family members the first installment of a novel i'm writing . it's been so long since i've shared something i wrote with them . : rolleyes : kind of dying with the nerves . : laughing : ahhh ! lol ! why , thank you . : wink : humorously enough , i think my best intj friend has said the exact same phrase about the tree ! : laughing : ( so i take great amusement in winking at her at random moments and ... dear intj friend # 1 , you are so cuddly . haha ! i love itx 97in part because the juxtaposition between it and your granite-faced expression in repose is so unexpected . an equally ... feeling extremely playful and flirtatious ... but no one to flirt with . : rolleyes : lol ! i kind of wish i could go ballroom dancingx 97the confidence-boosting energy is pretty similar . sweetheart , you're so fragile you crack at a chiding look but you slam up your walls so high no one knows the ache you hide darling child , drop your barriers don't you know i see you ? i know ... equilibrium my emotions pitch like a ship in a storm — chaos and violence , raging and wild . but deep beneath the tossing waves — i am the ocean and i am still . enchanted day what charmed love is this ? wrapped around me — safe around me — like i've mattered like i'm lovely like i've always been lovely even when i felt in darkness , alone . like i've ... elemental courage you think you can tame me ? i am candle flame rapidity firestorm intensity torchlight brilliancy you think you can harden me ? i am a little proud of myself ... i realized that having some sort of special birthday acknowledgment was really important to me , and instead of listening to the faint-but-paranoia-laced impulse to test my ... i'm planning out an invite list for my birthday party , and i was getting a little anxious because i wanted both to have it be small and to invite all of my close-ish friends , and figuring out the ... little one we fit like puzzle pieces from different jigsaws a curious kaleidoscope equipped with awkward holes . ( but you sit so close to me our shoulders brush with every breath you ... got back a history test , and despite working on it systematically for about two days straight , only improved my grade one point from the last midterm — from 86 to 87 — because the professor unexpectedly ... dark red lips , pencil skirt , vintage hat , and feeling old hollywood sexy . : wink : dear today , you were a slippery , unkind opponent . and at a few moments — i'll confess it — i was pretty dazed by your blows . but i think , on balance , i won . and on that note , i'm off to bed .  ... '