' i disagree on near , but since i'm sure it's already been debated heavily elsewhere in the thread , i won't argue you here . i really think he's intp , but whatever . to each their own . ah , that makes ... has anyone else noticed that anime / manga tend to include more intp's in their stories than american literature does ? people like l and near in death note , and stein in soul eater , who are absolutely ... any ideas for a mystery book that an intp would enjoy ? and yes , i've already read sherlock holmes and loved it . what i'm really looking for is a series of mysteries that gives you the chance to solve ... 8/ 10 i like the motto . not always easy in the real world though . intelligent , abstract , foresight , detached , caring ( but only to a few ) . what is your opinion of all the games they have for ipod and android ? things like temple run and the infamous angry birds ? nf hunt ! now that sounds amusing . :) any suggestions on where i can find them ? i actually have the sneaking suspicion a close friend of mine is one . . . i understand what you mean by neanderthal emotions . i genuinely feel regret for hurting her . however , i also occasionally feel that she takes things in a way i had no intention of meaning them , which ... that's it exactly . my best friend is a senser , and while she is excellent for social conventions that i should probably know , it's hard for her to tell me about emotions in a way i understand . i need a friend like that . :) hmm . you see , the reason i say a book you've read before is that if it's a new book , i have a tendency to get so interested by the book that i stay up even later than usual reading . not enough ... i know how that goes . when they ask why you want in , you can't exactly be honest and say , because it looks good on college applications . and good lies can be so hard to come by now-a-days . . . i know exactly how that feels . i suggest reading something you've already read before to calm your brain down . i've discovered that a . ) six hours of sleep is about all i can manage , and b . ) if i lie ... hey guys . i was just wondering about this recently : how would i recognize an nf in a conversation ? are there certain features to what you talk about , how you talk , etc . that i could look for ? repetition . drives me insane . my brother singing the same song over and over again . review in math class . shoveling snow . boring tasks with no mental stimulation whatsoever which make you do the same ... i absolutely detest them . there's too much noise , i can't think straight , and it's inevitable that some random stranger is going to try to talk to me . ugh . i act in a very similar way . people just sort of flow around me . i don't pay a lot of attention to them . i find my own ideas and logic to be much more amusing . as for arrogance , i couldn't agree ... yes , and no . i will say i apologize . but the whole thing about making me feel terrible . . . never really done that . i don't feel an emotional regret . are you saying i should fake the emotion ? oh so true . useful , in my not-so-humble opinion . yeah . . . the chemical composition of the walls . the fact that i'm probably photophobic to some degree . rewriting the laws of the english language so it isn't idiotic . video game ideas . how ... i used to have problems saying it to my own family . right now , the only people i say it to on a daily basis is my mom , and only because she says it first . for some reason , it's just awkward for me to ... sometimes i question my sanity . mainly when i'm talking to myself , or i've just come up with a really random idea . however , i do believe people around me question my sanity more than i question my ... when i was ten i decided that i was going to be a computer programmer . my dad and grandfather were both programmers , and our entire family is very technologically apt . that was six years ago . now i ... it sound very similar to the way i function . strangers i avoid contact with . acquaintances i can make conversation with , but i don't like doing it for a long time . close friends i can be practically ... you know you're an intj when . . . you spend several minutes telling people the right answer , and they refuse to accept it until they finally get it wrong . you contemplate ways to make your ... thanks btmangan . you've been a big help . you know . . . that sounds really accurate . basically , what you're saying to me , is that she wants more support , correct ? the more i think about it , the more it makes sense . like today she was ... i hold a slight interest in it , mainly because it represents something i can play around with in my mind . for instance , imagine you suddenly gained telekinesis . how would you use it ? how would it ... very interesting . . . generally everything that has been said seems to apply to me . although usually i'm so slow on the uptake , the only reason i'll realize most people are angry or depressed is if ... you know you're an intj when . . . you consider the highest moment of your day not that you aced a test everybody else failed without even studying , but rather that you found this clever new move ... hey guys . just about a week ago my girlfriend , who is an isfj , and i broke up . i've come to terms with it in my own way , but my girlfriend still seems to get very emotional over it . we're still ... 1 . ) three favorite activities 1 . ) thinking . or , as others put it , escaping into my own mind . i love to spend hours at a time just staring into the distance thinking about everything from my ... whatever i do , it isn't enough . for people my own age , i'm incredibly motivated . straight a's . several extra-curricular activities . and , most importantly , i write a lot of computer code , which is ... when you can predict the endings and significant events of most books , movies , and tv shows . when you can walk around the block and not remember if there were clouds in the sky or leaves on the ... just recently , my girlfriend came to me practically in tears , explaining that she had written a letter to me which i'd get in a few days and that she meant absolutely none of it . she had written it ... i tested as istj for a long time , because my parents are guardians and because i didn't understand just how theoretical i can be . if i read the istj description , it's close , but . . . intj is closer ... i know exactly what you're talking about . i have this obsession with becoming an expert on computers , and i've had obsessions with other things : driving , cards , trigonometry , meteorology , chemistry , ... i'm only in high school , but i have a few plans for my life . for as long as i can remember , i've wanted to be a computer programmer . my dad and grandfather were programmers , so i guess it's just ... just recently i was talking to my girlfriend , and she mentioned that i made her think a lot , typically through my asking a lot of random questions about her plans for the future and talking about ... it depends on my mood . if i've been having a good day and am relatively energized , people initializing conversations is good . it's one of the few ways i can actually make friends . i met my girlfriend ... genius - depends on the subject . and whether or not i care . math : i'm reasonably intelligent . computers : i'm reasonably intelligent . art : can't do it . not hurting people's feelings : i couldn't be ... go to rome . acquire ph . d . live in atlanta , georgia . work for google . most important things on my bucket list . i like math because of it's logical beauty . looking at math and seeing the perfection that is in it , the ability to calculate anything with infinite precision , is like looking at art for other ... personally , i find random conversation gives me a headache . when it's just a conversation that is there for the sake of filling the silence with some form of noise , i get annoyed . why do you need ... . . . i just took the test , but i'm not sure i agree with it . part of it says i'm outgoing and charming , which is definitely not true . off hand , i'd say i was one of the three head types primarily ... confession : even though people have told me that i'm intelligent and gifted my entire life , an inner voice keeps telling me otherwise . i keep thinking i'm just not good enough for the goals i've set ... i've actually found that i can't do art . i have nothing against it , and can enjoy it readily enough , but trying to make me do it is like pulling out fingernails : it's hard , and the results aren't ... thanks isis . i guess that means i got it down . :p roud : and i'll be sure to tell them that . thanks for the responses ; i didn't realize i'd get so many so quickly . for starters , rednet you make a very good point . and i'm coming to the realization that is what may happen . isis and ... '