' this may or may not help , but here's an example i thought of today : person a is fi person b is fe a and b both are in the same classroom and need to go to the bathroom . b doesn't know if they ... ne in general has a manic element to it because it's always generating ideas . that's why most people with adhd and / or bipolar disorder might most often be enxp users ( and some unhealthy infps . ) this is coming from my experience with two entps i know : - when they're always joking and never show an ounce of seriousness - narcissism , when an entp is arrogant it's on another level of annoyance ... so here's a couple questions i have : - what is the best way to get an entp's attention and to keep it ? - how do you know if an entp likes you ( specifically for infj ) ? the only language i speak is english , but i listen to korean pop and a little japanese music as well . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nxg4C365LbQ&index=234&list=LL_TLPCDy7Udmq_keDvhgOnw https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KWZGAExj-es https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CqaAs_3azSs ... this is the humor i like : - dry - morbid - office humor - sarcasm - satirical - offensive this what comes to mind when i think isfp villain : 717561  7175 69 717577 prerequisites what age range are you in ? 18-24 any disorders or conditions we should know about ? possibly social anxiety and depression . manic depression runs in my family but i'm not sure if ... infj - when you try to help someone get their life together , but they don't take your advice . so you're just idly seeing their life unravel when they should've listened to you . - being ... in my experience , infps tend to be more sensitive if they aren't fully-developed / unhealthy ; the same goes for enfps and isfps . i'll give you an example so you can see the difference . my sister ... pretty much : laughing :: frustrating : - self deprecating humor - saying aesthetic or omg you're my aesthetic - hair like this 716025 - everything rose gold or marble . 716041 7160 57 716049 - romanticizing mental illness https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pQegfB_edlg i love the simplicity this has while still keeping the emotion throughout . most of what you said seems very fi oriented . i'd go with ixfp leaning towards isfp maybe . i personally support the death penalty for anyone who commits murder ( not manslaughter ) and brutal rape . imo anyone who believes a serial killer can change are lying to themselves . some may say that ... the last movie i watched was gone girl . ★ ★ ★ it's one of my favorite movies because of the themes , symbolism , and attention to detail . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ym3LB0lOJ0o 714586 if the person is an sensor i'll burn out in 5 minutes.other than that i can talk a lot especially with intjs and enxp . do you like age play ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fw9MEopiuS0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=poz6W0znOfk https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8YWl7tDGUPA https://youtu.be/xKkqaCqOwMM favorites : bts lana del rey lorn marina and the diamonds but i'm currently listening to specific songs rather than artists the family jewels - marina and the diamonds electra heart - marina and the diamonds born to die - lana del rey wings - bts hot fuss - the killers any johnny cash album the album is good but it's my least least favorite . with the other albums , i found it hard to pick a favorite song . with lust for life though , i feel like i have favorites . i honestly like the first ... closet is composed of mainly : striped shirts , floral summer dresses , comfortable shoes ( boots , converse , uggs ) , fall colors . i never wear bright colors because they draw too much attention and ... https://youtu.be/xEeFrLSkMm8 love this song . if you look up the english translation , the lyrics are very touching . it doesn't matter , but most people i've met aren't that interested in mbti when i show it to them . so yeah .. michael jordan ed sheehan sasha pieterse ( pretty little liars ) paris hilton 5 years older . i honestly can't relate to generation y even though i'm a millennial . 80s and 90s . this time period changed the political and social climate . entp most likely to see debate as foreplay . i've only come across two enfps : my sister and an old friend . for my sister , she can be stubborn and be selfish in that she has this expectation that people shouldn't offend her or her feelings . my ... i've encountered mainly unhealthy infps . they mostly care about their feelings and get offended easily . this is mainly the female infps i've encountered though . male infps tend to intrigue me and ... i'm so glad it's not just me . i personally tend to attract friends or just people in general with lots of issues specifically emotional and familial . when i look over my previous close friends , every ... i love their curiosity and enjoyment of trying new things . their ability to not tire me even when they're high energy . when they slow down and just chill with me when i get exhausted by other ... infj : wants to be in a serious relationship and everyone to get their lives back in order . mom ( presumably intj ): we have a very loving / close nit relationship . i would say we're have like the healthy version of a norma and norman bates dynamic . most of the time we'd rather hang out with ... i'm an infj my best friend is an unhealthy isfp (8 5 % certain of her type ) . however , i have a more balanced / fulfilling relationship with my enfp sister and intj mom . unicorns are too flamboyant to represent infjs . i think the ones that represent / symbolize the infj best are : owl , tortoise , and the siamese cat . '