' i am appalling at art . i enjoy looking at some art ... particularly photography and very ... real art . like ... portraits and nature and that sort of thing . photography is the best though :) i take ... i'm like that :P though what i find hilarious is that say i have a t-shirt or something that has really good memories ... i keep it forever ... my mum gets annoyed and secretly throws it out . i am ... yes infps have dominant fi like isfps :P i do that too xd i have boxes of old school books and drawings from the 90s . so good xd as in ... you keep stuff that had meaning 10 years ago ? spend a lot of time reminiscing ? freak out at the thought of moving house because of all the memories you'll leave behind ? have boxes / piles / etc ... i often find i'm attracted to ( romantically ? ) extroverts . or at least ... extroverted in the popular sense which 9 times out of 10 translates to mbti extroversion . most of the guys i have liked ... i literally just started the book ( still very near the opening ... ) but valjean is definitely as sj of some sort . i'm tempted to say he could be a t ... not sure though . it'd be interesting if he was an ... i had a question like this a while back . it's so interesting to see what people post :D i like all kinds of characters ... but i tend to prefer characters who are really depressed / angry / evil / morally ... i was going to start this thread months ago but i figured i'd wait till the movie came out so that a wider group of people know what i'm on about :) i can't believe i couldn't find a thread on it . ... i find it fascinating that so many intuitives and sensors say that they don't relate and stuff . sensors getting irritated with intuitives and vice-versa . i've never found that a problem . i've never ... i really don't know . but ( from the movie ... it's been years since i've read the book ) he struggles in some ways to really understand leslie at first . he has no issue with the imagining but he ... i don't honestly know a lot about the guy ... but he's definitely fi dom and some kind of enneagram 4 . i think that 4ness would make him appear more like an infp . just cause he was in a band ... what types are the characters from bridge to terabithia ? it's such a great book / movie :) my guesses : leslie : enfp jess : ixfx - i've seen a lot of people say infp but i dunno ... i need some ... i disagree actually . you did say most but hermione ( a typical istj ) was nearly a hat stall ... she was very close to both ravenclaw and gryffindor . mcgonagall was a hat stall - tied between ... hahaha that's awesome :) i always find it interesting how fiction can ( most of the time ) be so good that people can debate no the best characters etc . how people can feel really strongly about it ... are the characters you are drawn to similar to you ( isfps perhaps ? ) or completely different . why ? just for my own / others curiosity . for example , i find myself often liking characters that are ... after watching the movie and re-reading sections ... charlie is an infj . he thinks more about others than himself . he's been through a lot and i think an infp ( or fi dom in general ... i know i'm ... the thing about hogwarts houses is that anyone can go anywhere really . there'd probably be fewer of some types in some houses but the types don't correlate very well with houses :( shame really ... interesting one . i hope someone comes up with a good answer . i found this though http://personalitycafe.com/isfp-forum-artists/110160-can-someone-help-me-nifi-loops.html if that is of any help . it ... haha i am often criticised on my impracticality and ideas . my parents / family are constantly telling me to stop with my stupid ideas about the world ... that i live in a fantasy world and need to get ... i'm re-reading the book ... still only in the first few chapters but the way jane acts really is very infj . funny i never noticed it before . anyway . jane is an infj . i can't decide on helen . she ... i've been trying to type them for a while ... and i'm procrastinating three exams so here we go . my current guesses are : mum : enfj ... also probably a enneagram type 2 of some sort . dad : intj ... perks is such a good book :) charlie : infp ? he's a tough one i think . sam : i actually have no idea . esfx ? not sure what she is actually . good thread . hopefully someone really good at typing ... hahaha luanne that was the funniest thing i've read for a while xd yeah the lines are always blurry . the monster placing us in boxes has failed to realise that the boxes are next to each other , ... i am in the exact same situation . i test as a sensor , but feel more like an nf . but remember ... the type descriptions are pretty much irrelevant - it is more about functions / etc . than anything ... a little right ... but depends . problem is that the line is so blurred these days . politicians rarely seem to stick to left or right . either way politics sucks ( at least it does where i live ... ) i hang with heaps of intuitives ... and to be perfectly honest i've never felt different from them . i guess at times they explain things that i don't get ... but then a lot of sensors explain stuff to me ... haha interesting thread . i love heaps of different movies . always been very attracted to fantasy ... as a kid i was 394 % obsessed with harry potter . nothing changes really xd but i like other stuff ... as a general rule the bad-guy always just needs a hug :D do you have any ideas about other characters ? i was thinking about frodo ... could be an infj i guess ... though i don't see him as being ... jane : i thought she would be an infp ? rochester : entj ? or maybe entp ? strikes me as an entx of some kind . you could make an argument for a damaged / depressed f ? st john : ixtj . probably s . don't ... faramir is definitely a favourite of mine ... and i always related to him so i'd definitely say an fi dom . infp seems right ... possibly an isfp ( it would be nice to have an awesome character ... ) but ... liza _200 the strange gap is caused by closed minded people . and they can be of any type . differences are a part of people ... imagine how boring it'd be if we were all the same ? but anyway . many of ... liza _200 i can see your point ... but doesn't that imply that many sensors who don't know about mbti will ostracise ns ? i suppose i can see that point of view . i don't know if this is going to be ... i wouldn't even know where to begin in terms of actually helping you . i'm terrible at this sort of thing : s but if nothing else ... remember you aren't alone . i for one look at that list and see at ... there's probably already a thread but i couldn't find one so anyway . what types are the lord of the rings / hobbit characters ? based off the book , but the characters were pretty much the same in the ... hahaha yes wizards are cool . and witches . :) and of course they're all real . very true :P but none of us are unicorns ... because as unfortunate as it is , they don't exist . but there are birds , tigers , cats , dogs , lions , guianan cock-of-the-rocks and ants . :) liza _200 there is no problem with the descriptions you said at the beginning . it is just irritating to see typing going on based on things like intelligence , creativity etc . it is just the ... ouroboros you get it :) i guess it was more me getting irritated at the stereotypes . of course the statistics come into it and tht's why the stereotypes happen in the first place . no type is better ... my point in a nutshell . thank you my friend . maybe an i ? ? he seems more i than e . that would make him an isfj i suppose . you totally hit the nail on the head . by what reckful is saying , it is as if the statistics are more important than the actual mbti theory in itself . does that imply i'm an n and reckful is an s ? ... i re-read the book the other week and i agree - estp . i initially thought perhaps esfp - he's very confident and bubbly , but he seems to definitely be more of a t than an f based on how he makes his ... i went through that myself . i was initially really keen when i found out my type , i thought it fitted me pretty well . too much reading on perc caused me to question that , and i then fell into the i ... i guess these are all the cool people on perc :P it is bizarre how mbti has so many people stereotyping . maybe that's why many people who don't know much about it think it's so stupid ? i agree ... basically everything i've been irritated with . i find it strange that people think like this because if you type ( or attempt to type ) people in real life ... you see that no type is better than ... yeah i really do get that impression . a lot of people in the isfp forum don't really seem much like isfps ... they're just artistic and therefore decide they're isfp . i assume it's the same in a lot ... i'm just genuinely curious ... why is there so much talk in typing with the stereotypes of n and s rather than what it actually is ? it's about how you take in information right ? so why all ... i'm new to typing but ... just gonna throw this out there ... i always saw him as more an fi kinda guy ? i was wondering ... what does everyone think of haymitch ? ? ? i'm tossing up between istp / intp . definitely a t . probably an i ... could be an e but he's obviously totally damaged from his time in ... thanks guys . i guess i have to resign myself to the fact that i don't fit it perfectly lol . but yeah . isfp is good . just a lot of the really sensory stuff confuses me a bit . and the annoying ... '