' would you go to a job interview if the office was in a small town ( 30 k inhabitants ) and the next city ( about 150 k inhabitants ) was 25 km away , a big city 35 km away ( both with a bad train / public ... hi lilysocks . what i mean here is all the stories and beliefs we use to explain our and other people's behaviors to make us feel better . i think this can be described as ( negative ) defence ... i would add something to my first comment on the previous site : many intj i know go to language exchanges ( stammtisch , sprachaustausch , usw . ) . i'm sure there are some in the city you live in if ... on the internet (= dating sites ) . some even describe themselves as intjs , so you can search this term in their profiles . interestingly , i found the male intjs i've met irl so far much too ... i frequently read about how people should get more aware about the feelings they are repressing , how they should get more awareness about who they really are , how they should stop deceiving ... traveller's boss : could you maybe talk slightly less strongly with s . [= coworker ] . maybe you're not aware of that but the way you talk to him comes across as a bit strong . your arguments basically ... i guess i'm just looking for a person somewhat similar to me . the guys i've met so far never needed as much intellectual stimulation or were as rational as i am . most of them were also less ... if i could draw , i would now draw a male neanderthal who opens a jar for a female neanderthal . ( still thinking about the caption though ) . or who carries her bag . but honestly , i won't waste my ... when reading such posts i always ask myself in what type of imaginary world some people live and why they lost contact with the empirical reality . strong guys opening jars , carrying women's bags , ... normal buzzwords and corporate newspeak , like soft skills , eq , gamification , etc . ( i'm writing this while working on an actionable proposal ) sexist words , like pushy i have the same . no , most people don't like me . i can be charming if i really want to but find it exhausting in the long run . and my rationality is too overwhelming for most people . i haven't read all posts here but would like to comment , this time seriously . people normally procrastinate for a reason . maybe - you feel lonely and look for contact with people online not ... you want to eliminate unproductive distractions and you write about it on an internet forum ? when , although 1 ) you're old enough to know better and 2 ) know enough research to be aware this strategy is not effective , you're still trying to charm the ( wo ) man you like with your brainpower and ... buah . i know so many people who i'm convinced have some disorders but who will never get diagnosed because they would never go to the doctor . being on meds doesn't actually mean anything . it says ... i just can't anymore . i'm so furious every time i think about my job that i find it extremely difficult not to offend people . i'm so tired with idiotic job interviews after which i withdraw my ... you mean the kind of sources the google guy supported his memo with ? oh sorry , he didn't give any , did he ? i wrote very clearly in my post that i'm not going to quote here and that many good ... no arguments to criticize the posts above , just mimimimi i'm being victimized . simply unbelievable who describes themselves as intj these days . this passage you quoted is actually funny . while partially correct - men should definitely be given the freedom to behave like women , but are these really mainly women who make it impossible and who ... well , i would have fired him for being an illogical idiot and lacking analytical skills . i read the memo several days ago , wanted to know what the whole fuss was about . there are plenty of ... i'm so angry . today i was turned down by a company i interviewed with . we got the decision directly after the interviews . i believed it had gone well , the questions weren ’ t difficult at all . i was ... jon richardson : love_heart :: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0bCLWeycGMA i actually thought you posted a pic of marshall from how i met your mother before realising it was your picture . but honestly , you're super handsome ( strange how straightforward this intj can be ... if you can't enjoy your meetings with him just limit your contact with him . many of us have experienced difficult periods in their lives and i don't think your telling your friend that his behavior ... don't get me wrong but you seem to feel you are better than him , which is not a thing most friends would be proud of . why would small age differences play a role among adult people ? they would ... the funny thing about this thread is that when i visit it i always ask myself whether i'm really an intj :D no , honestly , when reading the music thread i have the impression that i share my taste ... i haven't read all the previous comments , but after reading the initial post , i think that maybe the op has unrealistic expectations about what love feels like . because : i've been in love before ... it's just like you describe it . so i'm not 100 % sure i want to stay in the field , also apply for other roles . the worst thing about consulting is the culture ( i could write for hours about the ... it does . that's so depressing ... :) during a job interview the employer tells me i have to play 3 games as a part of the interview process ( have you ever played angry birds ? it's something similar ! ) . he says that everybody in his ... 1 . what wakes you up most mornings ( alarm , pets , kids , etc . ) ? i wake up automatically about 6:00- 7:00 am every day . 2 . which historical figure not named adolf hitler would you kill ? why ? ... what a strange question ! obviously , like every intj i know , i have an excel template with the criteria that play a role for me in terms of the choice of a partner . of course i also employ ... actually the attitude towards big boobs ( i first wrote big books and had to correct ;) ) seems also influenced by testosterone levels . guys with a lot of it tends to be attracted to big boobs ... yes , although that doesn't explain everything , there are also other factors that play a role . for example we are also conditioned by what our parents looked like and the experiences in our childhood ... of course the appearance of possible partners ( and only them ) matters . in my case this is about : - the guy being preferably my hight or a bit taller than me . i know that's primitive but i just ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TIQspsk6KE8 i frequently have crushes but i'm always totally aware of the fact that it's about the hormones in my brains , which make me want me to procreate , nothing more . i can still fancy someone knowing that ... it's a good post , but i think priorities change with time . so i think it's important to try to envision our needs and priorities in future , not only now . at least my priorities used to be ... i don't want more time since i'm getting crazy when i think about the whole situation ... i still have two job interviews scheduled next week - of which only one is interesting . but it all takes so ... if you want to go into it , an mba is a waste of time . but you really need to find out what you want to do first . i'm in ( business ) consulting , taking on it-related projects at times , so i know ... after reading your post i'm curious whether we work for the same company . you know what , i just can't take it anymore . it's not getting better at all . i'm so exhausted because of this lifestyle , sleeping in hotels all the time , rushing between the airports and train ... i switched to business after several years in science . you probably saw yourself in education because as a teacher you 1 ) work quite independently compared to other professions , 2 ) you are in a ... it would be easier to list those of my habits which are not weird , honestly . i research a lot and at least in case of my - admittedly not very serious - health problems , this has frequently helped me to solve them . i had problems with adult acne . i downloaded a university ... i have to say i find your approach very confusing . you're not there to teach anybody anything . i assume the man is happy the way he is . if you don't like the way he communicates just limit ... i sometimes think i have social anxiety , especially in male-female contexts . i normally understand people well or very well - because of my educational background i normally know why people behave ... i actually used the search function . there seems to exist a general forum on that , for all communities but i haven't found a thread specifically for intjs . what are your favourite movies and ... what i don't like about talking to some women is that they make me justify myself . i used to have this female friend , who i really liked but who would frequently drive me nuts . one ... i don't think you can understand him by assuming he belongs to an abstract group of intjs and trying to understand the group . people are more complex that that . you should think about yourself - ... '