' i find myself fitting in the military category for sure . however i don't like the name . people with military jobs or behavior do not feel like they can be more personal with anyone ; they also don't ... i'd say all these options are pretty standard and represent stereotypes only . i can't do something just for myself or just for the greater good . i work to make money and to have a purpose ; i work to ... you listed all types but enfp . i was wondering what you think their theme is test complete ! 36 % entp 25 % intp 11 % intj 8 % entj 5 % infp not really accurate . i don't believe it has so much to do with types but with how each of us is raised . were you raised to commit to a certain amount of rules and principles and nothing else ? were your parents super ... i was a loner . in school , organisations , even work . i've always been the one standing outside of any group . what changed over the years was my desire to be part of multiple groups instead of just ... what about enfp ? i am finally catching you here , sister . gotta say i am surprised we never crossed paths before on the site . welcome ( a little too late , haha i know ) ! i think they're aliens . just like enfps . :P however , i am drawn more to dogs than cats so i dunno hahah well if we take it like that , all studies can be useless unless you really have connections in the field ( at least in my country - europe / romania ) or a great deal of luck to get the good ... most times i have 1000 thoughts per second . lots of them are about my dreams and plans regarding my career or how i want to change the world haha . also , i like to think about dynamics of ... ohh yeah this is for sure one really hard question - and right on point as well ! i find it terribly hard to follow my plans of hanging out with any people , be them friends or new people in my circle ... hey there ! i haven't been in your situation - or not very similar but i do know that if you decide to do something so drastic , so out of your comfort zone , you need to make sure you have something ... hey guys ! i'm posting here again because i had a great time outside of this forum and i want to be more active again . so here it goes again . i'm dana , a almost 25 years old romanian ... texting has all sorts of types haha . i hate small talk texting . if it is to exchange information about something urgent yeah , sure . by texting is easier to get to me , than by phone ( i don't enjoy ... i used to care a lot about how a person responds to my text or how long does it take . a lot more after this new trend with the ability so see when the other person has ' seen ' what you told them and ... took it again . it has to do with mbti and the result wasn't surprising . i got enfp-t . my assertive level is 19 % haha . however , any enneagram test confuses me and so learning more about the theory ... hey ! i did and several times actually . but all my results differ some way or the other . i kinda stopped taking tests and trying to understand better the theory behind them . the same goes with mbti ... about my enneatype i'm not very sure . i might be 2w1 too haha . but thanks . i think i am . but i work everyday to get better and re-assure myself that i am being part of a change in good . :) i have a license in psychology . i'm enfp . i love what i'm doing which is teen counseling . i don't see myself doing anything else . maybe social worker ... ai.tran . 75 congrats ! you have a beautiful baby . hope for the best for you both . now you have two birthdays :) we , the community of enfps , are super happy for you ! i would say istj for you . 1 . robin hood 2 . pocahontas 3 . little mermaid 4 . camille from ensemble c'est tout by anna gavalda 5 . sailor neptune 1 . robin hood ... i would like to know what it means to the user and why did they choose it . i also think it matches with their avatar , at least the first part - - odyssey . first of all , i don't think i would like to travel alone . i would have to bring someone with me and decide together where would we like to go . i had the pleasure to meet an art teacher from ohio who ... i believe thanks and likes are a good way of making other feel welcomed . when you are new to a certain forum , you feel a bit awkward until you get used to it and it's vibe - - seeing people approve ... i'm not sure how should i use it ... if there is a certain way to use it , lol . i have 1-2 friends on that list on my profile , other enfp or other romanians with whom i've talked a bit but i don't ... i want to learn irish because i love their mythology , their names , their expressions , their fairies lol . i just want to go travelling to dublin and all the green cities and i think it would be so ... just posting around as i want to make my mood a bit better than it was all day today halep ( it's the name of the most popular & best ranked romanian tennis player at the moment ; given the huge time difference between romania and ohio - 7 h - i have to check her results on google ) i love almost all videos this woman is creating . she usually makes funny videos but this one is a bit more ' real talk ' . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfmolgS-xHg sick . i hate feeling sick it's like everything is overwhelming and i have no control over my mood . i hate it . i am fluent in english & romanian ( which is my native language ) . i've also learned spanish alone ( from soap operas , websites , movies , songs & different translations ) but i am still bad with writing ... 1 - what have you tried ? many times : weed twice : hash , ecstasy once : weed cake , dmt 2 - how long / often do or did u do it ? i've had a very intense period of almost 6 months at 21 years old . i was ... intj , entp , enfp . i know for sure the most challenging would be an intj lol . but their perspective is just too interesting ! well yes , but that specific phrase isn't a thing only an enfp would say . everyone likes to be right . i would say an enfp in particular would get upset if you say that told you back to them . at ... hmm ... in my experience , nts only pay attention when they are having a strong view on something , if the topic isn't catching their attetion they stay quiet . i would love to see them become so fiery ... i really don't think that is something only enfp use or something used too much by enfps . it depends a lot on the situation . i don't use it unless i am with people i know will understand the way i'm ... the title of this topic just proves me i'm 500 % an enfp . if i was wrong before , now i know it for sure lol . i have this terrible need of apologising i have no idea why , but i just feel that some ... for me a serious person is a down to earth person and a rational one . i'm far from being any of those . also , 6s from what i've read do not often let their projects unfinished ( thing i do almost all ... if there is anyone willing to make any assumptions about my type ... go ahead . i tested as type 6 more than once . but i'm not that strict and serious as they are . also i can't be type 7 because i'm ... i wanted to put iisuperwomanii on this thread too . i don't think the above video is the best to type her . is she enfp or entp ? anyway those are the types i came up with . lol sensors are far worse with birthdays than any intuitive type . the only video game i play is dungeon hunter 4 . on my tablet . too bad i lost my tablet these days ... somewhere in my room ... can't find it anywhere grrr . but anyway , most times i play i do it ... i'm definitely more an enfp-fi . and thanks for this thread . now i know for sure i wasn't ever an infp as told before haha . that's kinda my situation as well . once i set the date ( with a friend , work , whatever ) it's settled . i won't be late . i will be a bit early most times .. 5-7 mins . but ... because there's a big but haha ... until you reach me , many ... i'm listening to a very nice mix on soundcloud . here is it : https://soundcloud.com/musica-hermosa/the-return-of-the-comsic for a few days i kinda believed i mixed up my type and i'm in fact an enfj . after reading lots of stuff on both types i realized how stupid that was . we are sooo different from enfj's . the thing ... quinn ( homeland ) . some people say he's an intj . intj are the best match for enfps . sooo we could have a pretty good start knowing this lol . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7WIvIe0FYig&list=PLGDEvAOeGnpy8BIS0R1loHKZ7E-IWrMIY&index=35 bucovina is a romanian metal band . the lyrics are in romanian but you should give it a try . :) '