' for now , i've resigned myself to the idea that they're just wonderful sex partners and sometimes friends . infps , in terms of partnering , are succubi to stjs . we love their strength and competence ... i am so proud of you , dammit . ~ ~ ~ i know it is hard but try not to take her criticisms personally as it sounds like they're not going to stop . just keep trying your best and put ... i keep secrets from people i love . when i do , it due to embarrassment or not wanting to upset them . it's not necessarily a trust thing . just support your sister in her personal endeavors and let ... someone who simply adores me , makes good decisions day-to-day ( doesn't gamble , do drugs , drink excessively ) , and is someone i find physically attractive . i'm attracted to people who are pragmatically ... i think this has to do with simple attraction + infp tendency to idealize . another less fanciful type would note that they find a person attractive and move on . an infp would be more likely build a ... they're not sure . they're faking it in order to maintain identity . people need identity so they will brandish a particular set of views , even if they're not so sure they're right . ex . religious ... remember - i wanted to marry you . they are so different . istps can be incredibly callous , yet generous and jubilant when they're feeling successful . this capriciousness makes them more complex - to put it kindly - than istjs .  ... you've determined that you have no interest in serious relationships and only like relationships in theory . further , you've determined that this is a predetermined identity and therefore deserving of ... i stopped reading around the second line of text . you have barely read my response . nowhere did i state or even suggest that materialism began in the 1700s . i said that fixation with poor-chic and ... it is possible that all desires for a material thing are because we have subconsciously associated that with status . the effortless look of hipsters was deeply status consciousness - as were other ... save her from the evil man she is likely with ! ! ! daaamn , sign me up for this guy . D: guy is an emotional f * k around . i would cut all contact . you're starting arguments is due to your feeling very emotionally dissatisfied , but unwilling to let go of the idealism you've ... i am not physician so can't tell if you need treatment or what treatment you need . however , i am no stranger to unhappiness , emptiness , pervasive and impairing anxiety , or feeling ... i enjoy being catcalled . they can't help it , i'm frikking hot . that said , i'd probably feel differently if it occurred constantly or in a culture where women are negatively judged for ... she just not that into you bra what the hell - just stop communicating with this person completely . i've come to the conclusion that their isn't a perfect type for any type . the perfect person for an infp is someone who loves them , is willing to work through conflict , and wants similar things in ... i tend to pursue men who are emotionally unavailable . i'm going to fix this by lowering my physical standards a bit in order to find a spouse , whilst keeping side bitches . : cool : man , i just want the description of this person to mount me ! ~ ~ ~ the traits i find sexy are not often the traits i appreciate in a human being . sex appeal is how a guy ... i ask people where they grew up and where they live all the time just to make small chat . that's irregardless of whether i'm interested in them or not . to me it's just the basics of keeping things ... on the bright side , you're loved by an xstj which is fantastic because when they say call me if you ever need anything - they totally mean it . however , it's clear this guy has huge commitment ... if you are going to do something , just fuckin ' giv ' er university / college relationships are transient . and in general , modern relationships are transient . idealistic types have difficulty coming to terms with this . the most long-term relationship you're ... prior to european contact , native americans had political lives just as complicated and horrifying as any other group of human beings on the planet . no one was free . the group decided social mores ... 1 ) what kind of life do you want to live ? small apartment , 40,000 income . in canada a 40,000 income is considered low-ish ( due to our high taxes and high cost of living but livable . i want a ... unfortunately , yes . i've been most attracted to people who are a bit withdrawn and grumpy . i think a lot of people are . it's the thrill of making an unhappy person happy . now that i've grown ... i'd sooner be mistaken for an istj that an enfp . i have tried dutch bread ! i like it more than most bread but still not that into it : unsure : ... but if i had to choose a bread and it was there , that's what i would choose ! ! wow ! um , i don't have an appetite bread or pasta . and i'm not convinced that rice was ever meant for human consumption . i do enjoy sourdough bread , but i don't stumble across it often . guy is a psycho coward and he was def . into you . the bulk of what i eat at home : white stilton cheese , of various fruit varieties . fried or boiled eggs with hot sauce . steamed vegetables with butter and salt . watermelon . anything drenched on ... this is exactly the relationships dynamic between me and my stj . i can tell you that she brings up these small issues and it feels like she's attacking it is because she's strongly feeling ... this person sounds so lame and gross . was this someone who was interested in you romantically , perhaps ? people who bully ( and most people have at some point in their life ) do so because they feel painfully helpless or inadequate in some way . when i began bullying during late elementary school and ... because when infps look in the mirror the have a kafke moment and when infjs look in the mirror they pose and smile . you're like airheads with a taro deck , some weed , and a sam harris book . jk ... neither do we revel in absurdity . it just kind of strikes us . but rather find humor in humanity's absurdity . it's sardonic / satirical in nature . you essentially defined absurdism , but then ... this whole damn thread has reminded me why i love being around istps . they love absurdism , just as infps do , but do it in a way that's dark and 100 % funnier . i'm sorry you fell in love with an a-hole . it happens to the best of us . don't be friends with ex's . there was a reason you broke up . it's great that you see you're fault in a relationship ... profound aversion to reality . 1 . woman op is speaking about did not know if he was using his real identity . 2 . woman was likely very startled that op is not a student and skulks around the campus cause it's my right . 3 ... dezir btw , if op isn't a troll , this will be the second facility he's been cautioned to away from by the police . and , just like this time , it was everyone fault but his . are you beginning to ... did you read the part where he went out of his way to find her on fb by searching for her college affiliation ? because he didn't know her name ? yeah . you don't just stumble across someone unless ... the problem with adjectives that describe people is that they're entirely subjective . everyone has a non-verbal idea of what handsome is . it cannot be described through brown eyes , tall as you ... i'm not certain what you're asking . perhaps about whether infp men meet traditional expectations of men . potential pros of infp men : are individualistic stoic and often poker faced want to ... you can find us in our rooms clutching a teddy bear and logging on to perc . maybe start randomly knocking on doors and asking if there's a sensitive introvert at home . my advice to enfps and ... this person makes you feel insecure and i would suggest you cut all ties with him and start dating new people . online can be a great resource if you have good pics and a light-hearted profile . it ... please promise me that you will never message a woman that you don't now on social media telling her where and when you last saw her in real life . that shit deserves and instantaneous call to the ... it doesn't matter what your intentions are . you made someone extremely uncomfortable to the point of being scared . being a chick and going about doing your shit ( college , work ) alone is hard . we are ... '