' temperament wise he's very infp , but he doesn't seem that intuitive . like he doesn't seem to dwelve that much on the larger context , the only time he seems n is when he questions why do they fight ... now i took another test ( greatergood.berkeley.edu ) and i got 82 out of 110 . this test was less concerned with how sociable one is tough . but all these questions lack context , so they end up ... infp . i got 20 on the first time responding quickly and 40 on another test , but it said is a low score . honestly , i don't see what many of those question have to do with ' ' empathy ' ' , or maybe we ... for that sf novelette ( now considered draft ) i wrote , i did it like this : 1 ) think about the events in the next chapter the day before . 2 ) write the next day on paper . 3 ) transfer it on the computer ... glimpses of remorse , colored violet ; glass of conscience broken by the stone of guilt , running down the stairs of soul till one arrives at the source of ... i think this tread shows that a single type is not limited to one single method , and that infps can also have j traits in composition . now , first where i am : i'm only at the start and haven't ... have no idea about joyce and from what i read about him he's not on my reading list anytime soon , sorry . ixfj for pewdiepie is ridiculous and it just shows how much people are willing to bend someone to make him infj for god knows what reason . he's far too unintentionally but not mean-spirited ... my nf suggestions : infj dante aligheri : the seer preaching justice based on divine wisdom , strong imaginative but a rigid moralist . i appreciate his imagination but loathe his view on ... coming back to the poe question after all this time , and feeling more confident in my understanding of functions . actually , that essay poe wrote about his composition method strikes me as more ... based on his quotes and the world he created , he doesn't seem someone whose worldview is based on ti , he seems more value-based than reason . at the same , he colud have seem a si-fi kind of istj , with ... tolkien and rowling could both be isfjs . tolkien creating his own language seems more ti , as ti would enjoy the process , than te , which is more porposefull . at the same , i really can't see intp , ... see this is the reason i wouldn't call myself a feminist just like i wouldn't call myself anti-feminist . both sides are filled with people who just say the most ridiculous things imaginable . ( just ... you do make some good points where injustice is done to women that need indeed to be addressed : such as victim blaming and abusing husbands getting a free pass until they finally kill a woman . i ... i thought because men are naturally attracted to sings of fertility and big breast mean fertility . at the same time , what would asses have to do with fertility ? hips on the other hand , now hips have ... i agree that a patriarchy doesn't mean that all men have power , not even the majority . but i also think that just because most people who hold power are men it doesn't make it a patriarchy either . ... ok , i'll take my stabs at this twitter post for now since i see some serious issues with the reasoning . 1 ) ok , first of all it starts from some extreme cases of individual who prove to be the ... it's one hell of a persona he puts if that's it , tough . are you familiar with bearing ? he's an anti-sjw like the guys above . i'd assume istp but not sure . he seems offensive in a lower fe way and ... agree with intp for thunderfoot and intj for armoredskeptic . i actually only saw 2 videos of armoredskeptic but i find his approach of reasoning very intj compared to intp thunderfoot . my ... where do people see pewdiepie being t ? entps humor is more critical and caustic , pewdiepie just react to things without too much about it . even outside of videos , when he talk towards his fans or ... nana osaki is pretty easily isfp and the other nana is esfp . i admit osaki is kinda bossy and aggressive at times but that could be inferior te . the boy with blue hear and nose chain is probably ... among the anti-''feminists ' ' females youtubers : shoeonhead : entp ? p is pretty obvious . she comes off like a extp girl , tomboyish but still into feminine things and energic , but estp girls tend to ... lol at harris being enfj and a ' ' showman ' ' . the dude is just not particurarly magnetic or persuasive , or expansive , or anything fe-dom like at all . he just relies on the strength of his arguments , ... sjs don't make decisions based on pros and cons ? sjs , ( and not just them ) are pretty careful people that care about stability and don't want to make decisions that will get them into trouble . isfjs ... agree , they take to themselves the right to decide how others should think and behave down to the most minute detail . any movement that tries to create a black-and-white mode of conduct for the ... the bigger problem would be how even otherwise trusted leftist media becomes dumber and dumber . like cracked.com who are like less aggressive sjw nowadays , or the daily show who think insulting with ... lol , this guy is not ni-dom , where you get that ? seriously , before people type every one existing under the sun as infj , make sure you have reason to believe ni-dom in the first place . his humor ... i can see : a really mellow and shy exfp ( in person , not in videos ) or an isfp who's very in touch with his pe . first of all , people seem to think comedians must be entp for some reason . where do ... not sure if absent-minded or stupid . today i went to college to give a teacher a paper . i had to go to the secretary to get what i needed , and then i searched for the teacher . i searched several ... i must say i'm not sure what type yorke is , but i'm on the infx side . still , i would like to make some mentions : only because a musician is fi-dom , it doesn't mean all his music has to be ... i feel that lolita fashion is more isfp if anything , they just like the aesthetic , the personal aspect coming from fi . hehe . yeah , but someone like mustaine was a very sp rebellious , anti-status quo , drunken menace dude before going all preachy and stuff . i can see dragonforce sj . also , folk-metal bands could be as ... hehe . yeah , but someone like mustaine was a very sp rebellious , anti-status quo , drunken menace dude before going all preachy and stuff . i can see dragonforce sj . also , folk-metal bands could be as ... corey taylor is definitely not introverted.he ' s a loud , annoying extrovert lol.esfp would say , because there's allot of wounded fi in there . jonathan davis from korn is probably isfp , he's way more ... no way , extroversion is one of yui's main characteristics , and not just compared to hachiman and yuki , she's just a classsic extrovert all around . i don't see how she couldn't be se-dom , unless you ... hachiman is so ixxp , someone outside the system judging it independently of other's bias . i don't know how an isfj in a ti-si loop looks like but hachiman seems very intp.wouldn ' t it make more sense ... my teen romantic comedy snafu hachiman : intp . he's a slacker self-withdrawn from life . some say infp but the way he talks so bluntly is very ti-dom . fi-dom can be blunt but it's when they believe ... i can't see an istp being so death-set on tenma being the suspect . it's a case of an introverted perception function not properly balanced by a lower extroverted one . people keep saying how ixxjs ... i think it's more of a fe or fi thing , since f functions are revolved around people.it ' s not something he does merely out of keeping peaceful relationships tough . spoiler : like the episode where he ... maybe he's using te in trying to find johan , but look at how he is outside his quest , when interacting with other people or being a doctor , that is : how tenma is outside the unexpected turn of ... tenma is all values , at every step . sorry , the fact that's he feeling driven in most of his actions is the most obvious thing about the character.even the way he interacts with people is nothing like ... how do you get an intj vibe from tenma at all ? the guy is pure ixfx . there's no te , maybe except in dangerous situation like when he organizes people to stop the fire in the turkish part of the ... esfp actually could make most of sense , didn't really consider it before . her ' introversion ' could be due to finding herself in harsher environments , and than in the position of leader , so little time ... why fighting over a guy's attention is degrading , but fighting over a woman's is not ? honestly , the only thing degrading is the method in which you try to attract someone else attention , not the ... what ? dude , wwii was not something that happened a million years ago . there were such things as liberal doctrines back then or socialism , in fact they existed way before the nazy party appeared on ... i'm reading hitler's table talks , which are transcripts of his speeches he gave at his meetings with his close circle , and i'm re-open the discussion of te over fe . the clear thing for me is that ... it bothers me how much you suck at typing . - - - what you basically described up there is someone tenaciously following a futuristic and holistic vision ( ni ) ... she's definitely fi auxiliary . she's too cute not be fi . one of my favorite female characters on tv . lol , the fact that he was a j is the most obvious thing about him . he had a plan he tried to pursue till the end without any deviation or changes of mind . he was ' ' sloppy ' ' probably because he was ... it's because his plans were brutal that he didn't show ' ' warmth ' ' . if you want to turn an entire nation in an accomplice to oppression and genocide , you have to stir the right emotions in them , not ... '