' ohhh , had no idea . i'm probably naive , but i seriously thought windows was only dominant in the desktop world , and that most places were linux shops . what places are you talking about ? and yes , ... hm and if you're ever bored during lecture , just go talk to the professor in person . it's way more engaging , fun . even bad lecturers are amazing to talk with . powershell , lmfao , your nickname . seriously ? scripting for windows ? please come to bash . in regards to mbti , don't use it . it's horseshit . look up socionics . much better . here's a life lesson : don't get too arrogant about your academic brilliance . i got 4.0 in a high school while taking 6 aps per year . problem ? i developed really poor study habits . i would do all my ... i've learned about the self-actualized person from a class i recently took in college . fascinating stuff . in my opinion , sa is strongly biased - - and unfairly so - - towards ne-leading types . yes , ... tbh that doesn't sound like an entj . i don't know an entj who would have a lot of plans but never follow through on any of them . maybe i'm biased , since i'm entp , but he sounds more like an entp ... heartbreak is horrible ... i've been there before ... try giving it a break ? hang out with friends , eat good food , put time into something that you're passionate about . just don't think about him for a ... aww ... :( oh you know who's definitely a self-actualized entp ? steve jobs . right ! it was so interesting to see two entp personalities expressed in such different ways . lol which one did you watch ? i liked the one of him and his wife being interviewed together by oprah . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vD74uIUmORI you should look at robert downey jr - - in my opinion , he is an extremely self-actualized entp . my theory on how he got there is through an incredible relationship with his wife , susan downey . every hot chick is an infj . ermagosh yes thank you for voicing the ridiculous , illogical obsession with infjs . my theory on why there - appear - to be a lot of entps obsessing over infjs . these steps : 1 . there ... would dropping a friend like a hot potato apply to boyfriends ? say you're crushing on some guy . you find out he's not up to your expectations , such as too clingy , or too flirty , or maybe too ... for the most compatible type , i would vote isfp , but the relationship is very very difficult to get going in the right direction . as for signs of crushing , i don't know . i typically try to avoid ... interesting ... there were several phases : 2nd grade : i was known as the dumb kid who didn't really know how to speak english . i turned hyper-competitive ... i asked my mom to get me math books and ... as for the most non religious type , i would also consider the intj . they have a really hard time understanding an outlandish religious idea unless that's what they grew up with . i agree . infjs seem to be very religious , or if not religious , then a very strong committment to morals ( whatever they may be ) . an infj crushed on me once , but nothing materialized . i never knew ... it depends ! i personally actually have a really hard time getting over heartbreak , since a heartbreak meant that i was wrong about something and i really hate being wrong ... especially when it comes ... yah . dude if you're in a relationship then stop . i've been there before . no one's a winner . everyone loses . stop before bad blood gets shed . if you really want him you should just be more direct . if you're not going to be direct and play games instead , then you should move on to someone else ... um also , a lot hinges on ... i guess i agree somewhat with some of the other posts here . people have said that i flirt a bit , but it's never intentional . i also never take the initiative in establishing a relationship , ... was stalking vids of her . then it struck me that she might actually be an entp . your guys's thoughts ? edit : comparing jennifer lawrence to the other famous male entps like rdj , it seems that ... i obsessively , obsessively , obsessively analyze the person , potential of relationship , everything , from every angle . how would you want to do that ? fics ? hi , i'm an entp currently somewhat intrigued by an isfp female . one perspective that bothers me pretty considerably is whether isfps can * actually * stay loyal . yes , i know what it says on ... i can play chess with you . i'm about 2200 . like actually , i'm not kidding . lol . o . o confusing messagesss ... sooo if you really like them but found out they're younger than you , you'd just think of them very affectionately as little brothers ? mmmm terrific . so that's what i get in college for skipping a year in high school roflcakes yes i totally asked intps to answer this thread . haha i'm just wondering . would any of you isfp women fall in love with anybody younger than them ? by 1-2 years ? so i'm just wondering whether i'm understanding this isfp girl correctly : is it possible that any touchy-feely sort of expression ( i . e . finding occasions to be touching in some way ) serves ... are isfps fine with 1-1 dates ? i ask because i finally got the guts to ask her on an actual date instead of group dates . she mentioned a couple times that she just want to get to know other people ... cool thanks guys for your thoughts ! oh haha not at all ! it's just that the latest replies were all very recent , so those threads show up as more recent . it's probably just a phase uh what are you looking for in a reply ... i didn't create all these threads , if that's what you were insinuating . just this one . hi ! ! sooo i'm an entp , and i really like this isfp girl . i know she's an isfp cuz she's really quiet , loves art , loves nature , anddd ... she's beautiful :P andd i know she really likes ... um well are you sure she's an isfp ? hm is it an isfp thing to be really emotionally dependent on significant others ? i haven't gotten that vibe at all in my interaction with this isfp girl i ... i think i'm currently crushing on an isfp as well , and i think she's reciprocating ... the interaction's been pretty amazing so far ... we're not dating officially but we're hanging out a lot , ... oh haha i want to make a comment about the way that you deal with stress . isn't that si ? but anyways , when i was under stress about college grades , i starting playing bughouse ... the fact that you are analyzing so much about your type shows that you are an entp . on the you know that you're an entp when ... thread , one of the answers was when it takes you forever to accept ... swish 3six yah i probably am making this person bored ... by saying what he or she likes do you mean that i should talk about what interests him ? such as soccer ? what do you guys like to talk about ? is there a general area that you guys particularly like to talk about ? e . g . rationals would love to discuss game theory , mathematics . and then once the ... 1 . you entp's can be very adhd , jumping off the walls and conversing with one person to another . how do i get you to pay more attention to me ? idk . make yourself interesting ? 2 . i've ... does having 2 or 3 mood swings within a single week seem familiar to you ? yah , but do estps frequently have mood swings ? '