socionics picked up on this . they call it visual identification . they have also thought a lot about intertype relations . so many agnostics and atheists . it's so boring ... so blah . to the op , the reason for our existence is to be happy . when we die our spirit and intelligence lives on . my guess is that his behavior is caused by his upbringing . i'm an intj and i tell my kids that i love them and i am affectionate with them despite being fairly cold and rigid with almost everyone ... it is indeed bullshit . i like isfj's . if i was not married to an esfj i would probably be married to an isfj . i think polygamy should be legal but it should include all forms of non-monogamous arrangements . allowing people to form any sort of complex plural binding is not any worse than serial monogamy . in ... 44977 there is not much happening on this thread so i feel an obligation to contribute . here is a picture of my wife and i . she is an esfj . je me debrouille un peu . mais je n'suis pas isfj . i thought you were going to be polyamorous with your intp boyfriend ? my understanding was that you and him were both going to have lovers on the side ? ... the magnetic wankel . 42071 not from what i've seen . i think you are a very effective communicator . also very interesting as well . why do you like istj's ? i mean , i respect them a lot , they are dependable , hard working , and solid . but think intj + istj would be painfully boring . i don't think there is anything wrong with it . i hope that it works out well for you and that you find happiness . is your intp going to have part time lovers ? what about your extra lovers , is ... it's interested to see an isfj admit this . i don't think monogamy is natural . none of us just stop noticing others after marriage . however , most of us have a need for love and security in our ... oh . he sounds like an ass . sorry . this is fascinating coming from an isfj . i've always viewed isfj's as very monogamous . i can't tell if you have a craving for multiple lovers or if you are just frustrated that your relationships ... please don't expect him to figure it out on his own . it's probably best to be blunt and straight forward . stand up for yourself and your needs by telling him what he said that you didn't like and ... i'm a type 9 followed closely by type 5 then 8 and finally 7 . i don't enjoy reading about type 9 , it's irritating because only about 50 % ( maybe less ) of what i read about 9 ' s applies to me . common ... the suspense is killing me . i think he's just chicken shit . he's taking too long , i think you make should make a move since he's too scared . i obtained a degree in statistics with a minor in math . this is what you call taking control ? this is just a story about two mice playing a game about who is going to talk first . it's kind of funny . i've never seen anybody act like this irw . you were a little irritating on my thread but reading this shit on another thread is really taking me over the edge . seriously ? ! there is no way you ... dating was one of the worst parts of my life . i hated dating . trying to meet new people and make new conversations , it's tough . the worst part of it for me was when i finally fell in love but she ... i like esfps . i think they are fun and sexy . however , i can't spend too much time with them since they drain my energy and can say things and do things than irritate me . their method of directive ... it's just fun to talk about . some people take mbti a little to seriously . the mbti intj is kind of an asshole . i'm worried that some of us start acting more like assholes after studying up on ... the hygiene issue is the main problem with their descriptions . i also don't like messy environments . i really appreciate a clean house . however , i find that their description of the intj gait ... mbti seems to glorify the intj describing us as the most confident , good leaders etc . it's kind of nice to hear that but i think socionics brings us back to reality by describing us as independent ... i know mbti is not the same as socionics but many intjs are also intj / lii in socioncs . do these descriptions seem accurate to you ? i think these are 90 % to 95 % accurate for me . i prefer these ... i work with a confirmed esfj man , i think there is another esfj in the office too but he has not taken the test . the confirmed esfj is quite masculine , he likes to exercise and look good . he ... what i want to know is if there has ever been and isfj who cheated on a spouse . is the isfj capable of doing that ? it doesn't seem like a big deal to me . this forum engages in typism all the time . even entire threads devoted to it like this ... i am intj but also intj in socionics and i married and esfj / esfj . the relationship was difficult in the beginning and it's really quite a miracle that we married . if we had lived together first ... i know two esfj's in successful marriages . one is my wife . we've been together 10 years . it started out difficult with lots of misunderstandings but things gradually got better . we are now very ... he is crazy but i admit that i am entertained by him . the thing about his type that i think is pretty certain is that he is extroverted and utilitarian . so he's either an sp or nt . he seems more ... i'm glad it's working out for you . i'm not surprised that an istp does not think we are emotionless . i agree we are not . i work with an istp and he has a reputation for being tactless and brutally honest . the esfj and estj here ... esfp + intj = catastrophic failure ! this is coming from an intj who has been very happily married to an esfj for 10 years . i really like esfp's but i can only tolerate them for short periods . ... i've been told that i'm all or nothing . maybe it's a common trait in intj's . i think we're stubborn in our ideas as well . i'm a believer myself . i firmly believe in god . i can respect the ... that's not an odd question . sounds like a valid concern about your health . i've never heard of pinching the breast being super painfull though . okay i concede . people who spend a lot of time on forums are not necessarily weird or awkward . i have to remind myself that most of you are younger and single . that makes a huge difference . that's what happens when you are socially impaired and extroverted . sorry . i'm sure you are smarter than me and much more talented in my ways . anybody that would pick an avatar like that is obviously very sexy . the crowds are probably lined up by now to have a ... i really should not say this but i'm going to . this post gave me a boner . never in my life have i been so flattered . wow funny op . i loved it . we are only gods on the intj dominated internet forums . in the real world we are often geeks and losers , virgins and socially awkward . intjs flock to intj forms on ... it's good to know i'm not the only one . i'm surprised that nobody has mentioned socionics yet . the primary emphasis in socionics is interpersonal relations . if you are intj in mbti then there is a good chance that you are also intj in ... yes . a fresh new start is good . i get bored too . we are moving next year and we are so excited to get out of our neighborhood and start over fresh with new people . lately i've been dreaming ... i was bad at math as a teenager . i think that was because i was lazy and never applied myself . half way through my freshman year of college i quit and took a two-year break , i lived in a different ... you might be a pederast . my # 1 frustration is that i think too much and do too little . i want to be more of a doer and i want to be more productive at work and at home . i've been married to an esfj for 10 years . it's been good , really good actually .