' cried . :) thanks for the recommendation . i read this as if it was written by the cat in your avatar . yeah but at least you know now . you can change that quite easily . thank you so much for all the responses . i really appreciate your help . :) so , my feelings and thoughts have taken rather an unexpected twist . so much so that i'm going to consider this thread ... up ( only the first 10 minutes ) watership down the plague dogs infp-infp ... is this even possible ? i'm just about as infp as you can imagine and i've been seeing a girl who i'm pretty sure is , yeah , infp through and through ... the thing is , i really like ... would this anger you as well ? - no . i do understand what you mean about being checked up on by family . i live alone and my mother comes to see me once or twice a week to see how things are - i ... change is kinda scary , but maybe it's worth just walking away from whatever is making you unhappy . i had a crap job for years ... hated getting stepped on every day and always resorted to self ... yeah , i do this all the time and i don't like it . i find myself copying all sorts , from tone of voice to facial expressions and hand gestures . and then even opinions and tastes to some extent . it ... yearning for cannabinoids . i'd like to spend as much of the year as possible away from any permanent residency as well as from any daily / weekly habits . i plan to sell my house and travel for free / cheap while working on ... really , everybody has their own set of strengths and weaknesses , so it seems kinda unfair that esfjs tend to get judged by their weaker points . i don't exactly rely on my grandmother for ... i think my parents are both istj , but i'm not 100 % sure . i find it interesting how many infps have j parents . i wonder if there's any reasoning behind that or if it's merely coincidence . sh * t infps think : [ insert deep , meaningful , philosophical discussion here ] sh * t infps say : : rolleyes : nice sig , number six . i'm 24 years old and have very recently discovered weed . i guess being very avoidant in personality has left me without the influence of others , so i never felt pressure or ... holy shit dude , i never thought i'd bump into another riverside fan ! i saw them a couple of years ago - they were incredible ! for me it's got to be prog rock . my two favourite bands are genesis ... awesome voice , man . i am so jealous . i don't really understand why you're asking this question though . surely you just sing whatever you want ... ? i'd definitely say you'd suit some sort of rock ... i was tricked . :d ry : just goes to show that objective criticism is impossible . i would have given an opposingly different response if i'd have known what it was . ah well , infps make lousy ... i like the message a lot . sounds like it would work best as lyrics to a song . i'm not very good at reading poetry so i usually find it easier if it's split into verses / stanzas ( or whatever ... ) ... man , that was really great and i think it had plenty of life in the high parts , but your recording equipment / technique don't do you justice . i'd love to hear that , well recorded and produced , over a ... i guess i don't really have a need ; that's probably what made it so hard . i didn't enjoy it either . thanks a lot for all the replies ! i guess i can't blame my infp for not being able to sight read music ... i'll have to find something else to blame ... laziness ? : frustrating : the strange thing ... we're all musicians ... but anyway , i was taking piano lessons for a few months earlier this year , but quit after making no progress due to not being able to read music . i know a lot about music ... nope . my sleep has recently reduced from seven hours to six and i feel fine . infp : we have canines ; we're supposed to eat meat ... i respect that . - infp - agnostic , leaning against atheism's rickety fence . i'm here to break the genius combo . i work a crappy factory job and have no degree ! but i do study the hell out of music ... i guess i'm kinda out of place replying here , but for what it's worth ... i'm an infp and i was raised in a family of seven different types . my parents are istj and isfj . all five children are ... eccentric siren , i've been spending years trying to work out how to use compressors and eqs in music , but i just can't grasp it ! i don't even bother trying anymore . they're not important anyway ... thanks for the replies ! alex cruciate , it seems like i share half of your fi traits but not others . i guess upbringing , conditioning , influences etc . all play a role . bago , that is a very good ... ah , thanks a lot , luke . i'm so glad you relate to the theory of things like i do . obviously there are more than just 16 types of human , so whatever type i am , i guess it's not impossible to have ... if tl ;d r , please just read the bit in red ! ( too ti ; didn't read ! ) hello ( fellow ? ) infps ... i'm having a lot of trouble figuring out my type as i seem to relate to the traits of both infp and ... i love the ostrich analogy . i guess on that note , the one thing that may have greatly impacted my introverted feeling is social anxiety . i guess i would like to show my feelings more but i've never ... argh , i can't upload the images due to post count . this , anyway ... cognitive process level of development ( preference , skill and frequency of use ) extraverted sensing ( se ) ... thanks for the responses . neidijijian , i really appreciate your in depth analysis ! that's very strange that i'm showing se so strongly , as all the tests i've done so far , including keys to ... i try every now and then and i find it works as long as my intentions are genuine . when traveling alone , i think it's essential for me to strike up conversations , but try to avoid the dreaded ... so , i think my type is infp . the only thing that's bothering me is the n / s , and here's why ... i'm never satisfied that something just does work ; i have a compulsion to find out why it works . i ... hi all . i'm an infp living in uk and have recently become very interested in personality types . i'm a musician and pretty much spend all of my free time and energy writing and dreaming of music . ... '