' well , when i got my current car , and hadn't had one of my own to drive in a few years , i got back to my workplace and locked the doors with the power locks on them , instead of the button on my keys ... i would like to point out , per an older post in this thread , that according to guaraná antártica no palito ! ! ! antarcticalandia is not actually in antarctica , but in guarana city in brazil , which ... sadly that was back in 2008 the injury happened , and i had to keep exercising on it - medical didn't really give any help , and they started making me do pushups and other things on it after the ... man , i haven't been on here in a while . and heck , after the military , i think i could handle being around a few people i don't already know in person - and the board game idea had me too . i actually ... one time i was working with a small robot kit . i had everything laid on the desk and began to solder the components . i put the soldering iron onto a stand while i was moving something , and a second ... might i suggest a lower quality microphone then ? if possible , one that physically imprints the sound waves onto the brain of the listener , and possibly other area / parts as well . why do i like the word festooned so much ? maybe it's just that i'm tired and need to go to bed , but it's one of those words i could just say repeatedly and not get bored of it . a girfiend ! ? 76510 man , i always wanted one . that ... was actually rather impressive . i mean impressive in a good way , not that it impressed so deeply into my brain that it'll never recover from any scarring . or when they realize it the same day , send a friend request , and a message that's practically demanding to know why it happened in the first place ... i might have . my main project at the time was getting an underground tunnel to an underwater base with a working elevator and mine cart ride . that server was the first place i saw any of the ... not too long ago , i signed a dec statement , formalizing my intent to get out of the military rather than reenlisting . the one time i did , i reenlisted for two main reasons : one , that the unit i was ... sleeve of wizard , i remember you from the minecraftnt thing what , 5 , 6 , months ago ? i had fun with that , it's a shame it didn't last . ( unless it did , and i was unable to to access it for some reason ... oh geez , people react in so many different ways just from cursing . i'm not sure i could imagine all the reactions i'd get from exhibiting this behavior . curiosity . how would the relationship continue if it were allowed to last without our interference ? if i were the imaginer , and i dumped the other , it wouldn't take long for my mind to shift to some ... it's like how sometimes our minds can run with a thought almost beyond our control , or when fictional characters take on a life of their own . imaginary girlfriends ( and other imaginary people too ) ... i hate that too . telling me that i need to make some decision , especially one that has some major impact on my life , then saying it was wrong of me to choose that and either my decision becomes null ... eh , it helps , but it was a lame joke anyway that had something to do with a female intp named myth posting on this thread . you forgot heart . let's just say that all those with an unknown type are heart , and graduate after determining their type . why yes , i can read . if i went purely by reading only what is shown , the only word i would've seen connected to intp is logic , which was associated with fire ( assuming that i didn't make the ... is it just me , or are the as in your thread titles always lower case , while everything else is upper case ? also , i find myself more of an air / water guy than fire . now i'm sad . on the thread index , it looked like the last poster was named myth . how am i going to make a joke out of rnyth ? brilliant ! i would love to see the record of that game ; i'd imagine white sacrificed a few pieces to obtain that victory , and i want to know what moves black decided on that resulted in an ... cognitive process level of development ( preference , skill and frequency of use ) extraverted sensing ( se ) * * * ( 20.6 ) limited use introverted sensing ( si ) i awoke about 30 minutes ago , now i'm watching videos and posting here . that's all so far . i have a friend who i suspect to be an entp . i don't get to see him much , but he's awesome . he said one of the earliest points he decided we had to be friends was when i responded to his what's up ? ... looking for partner to ignore while ignoring valentine's day together . i leave mine over so no one who looks at it questions me . really , i use parts of the bodies i store in my closet and throw them out after a few uses . i thought of no actual conclusion from it . those points are worth less than the hogwarts house points , or even the whose line points ; take from that what you will . happy new year ? on the 5th / 6th depending on where you are ? - 50 points . twitter ? maybe i should get one too . that's almost as outrageous as going out to party with this random guy in the same building who came up to me while i was bringing in groceries and almost ... in a world in which all snakes have purple skin , refrigerators are built with styrofoam ( which is surprisingly labeled as misspelled , assuming i spelled it correctly ) , and books float in the air when ... i'd just like to note that you're quoting someone whose last activity was december 2010 . i'm sorry , but your wish will most likely not be granted . so confused , i am . do both , but make sure you also get mordor and gondor drawn onto your shoes or any other footwear you are likely to use ; do the same for any gloves you might wear . if you're going to prepare , you ... that's impressive . i have days where i realize , late at night , that at most i've eaten a bowl of cereal for breakfast , and that's usually after noon . then i have times where , at my computer ... i've had that happen at work . for the most part it's actually kind of exciting . but i wanted to know what flavor the potato chips were ... now i'll never know ... misunderstood ? only by most people i've talked with the last four years or so . i actually got lucky with some ... i've had so many people tell me that it would be easy to get a group ( who knew me ) to shut up . all i'd have to do is run in screaming and cursing . i agree , people are ridiculous . even when i say ... i didn't really notice , but i didn't notice any examples of the opposite either . does that count ? well , occasionally i will use the word hell , but i never really considered that cursing . i ... heh , i just saw this on the entp forum , saw the entp only , and entered pretending to be furious . then i saw that you were putting it in each , and the timestamp on it . well , it's been a while since ... i don't drink , smoke , or curse . i'm not sure how many people haven't believed that , at least at first , especially starting when i joined the military . at one point , seeming to think i didn't want to ... two years left in the military , and i'm at the point where i can't really pretend to care about most of this . i kind of sabotaged my initial reaction to try to hide this as i figured it would waste ... you just reminded me of something a few months ago . i've had people tell me to communicate more , and when someone asked me if something was wrong , instead of just saying no , i said that i was ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E3aBB-J9vhg couldn't resist . i suppose i would say : - computer / video games - books - bed - viola http://www.darthsanddroids.net/comics/darths0811.jpg http://1.bp.blogspot.com/_NlHWdd293s8/TRQNvOUX40I/AAAsI/AfdilnfsV5g/s400/Cody+Santa+Hat+Updated.jpg i can see the resemblance . i couldn't find one with a catfish within a few minutes though , ... i've become somewhat used to people who seem to think i'm upset as soon as i let any smile fall off my face . there were a couple who , after knowing me for a few months , described what i thought of as ... i have this weird memory just after my wisdom teeth were taken out that involved relaxing in a comfortable chair in a small broom closet . other than a vague idea of being led to the car and sitting ... i never understood why birthdays were considered important either - i was always just in it for the cake . i'm pretty sure my siblings are the same way , at least now even if they weren't when we were ... '