' nope . you're not alone . i'm a singer and i love reading and writing fiction and listening to sad , deep music that i can get lost in and feel deep emotions with . i was a humanities major in college as ... double post . 1 ) integrity ( which seems to encapsulate my other important values like honesty , fairness , being non-jugmental , etc . ) 2 ) passion for learning / knowledge physics and chemistry ( if i put extreme amounts of effort into chem , i could do pretty well , but not physics . math that i understood by itself suddenly didn't make sense to me in a physics context , ... flaky people . i really cannot stand people who you can't depend on , rely on , or trust to be there for you , especially if you've been there so completely for them . it just isn't fair , especially when ... it does bother me , because it's not true . if istjs are so boring , how do any of us have friends ? why does society get to dictate what fun is ? sure , an individual may be boring , but to cast a ... hmm , i like fantasy , or realistic fiction with unrealistic twists . i also like thrillers . i like fiction where i learn a lot because its heavy on the facts and diverse vocab : series of unfortunate ... keep up the good work ! ah , 13 . things were peachy until late teenagehood . then the bleak reality of adulthood hit . depends how you look at it . it's all relative . what age group , region , etc . an istj falls into is important . growing up istj , a supposed conformist , i sure felt like an oddball a lot of the time in ... for me , liking tradition is me being loyal to the past . you can like tradition without being traditional , which is why it bothers me when this trait of istjs is painted in a bad close-minded light ... over the years ... have you become gentler or harsher in your expectations ? i've become gentler . as a kid , i knew how things were supposed to be done , but i did not yet understand how ... likes : - kind-heartedness - honesty - loyalty - non-judgmental - dependable - pure-heart - creativity - deepness - intellectualism yes , i avoid conflict , often like the plague . i am more likely to inconvenience myself and be the bigger person than i am to start a problem with someone or open a can of worms . but if they ask me ... sometimes , because it is hard for me to be overtly confrontational ( might be a 1w9 thing ) . it's like , if i'm the only one doing most of the cleaning in my suite , i'm not going to tell my suite-mates ... soup : chicken / tomato broth , peas / carrots / potatoes for vegetables , chicken / tofu for protein , spaghetti for noodles , and lots of different spices for asian / american taste . i definitely enjoy those sorts of movies . they make you think . romantic comedies and action movies on the other hand ... bleh . other genres i enjoy are dramas and suspense . i enjoy those kinds of books ... i posted this recently in the ask an istj thread . i thought it'd fit here too . a long-winded si description . this has been my experience with completely new things , too . i have to ... sort of , but i don't always get the out of body thing . ( although it does happen in a hyper-aware state i'll describe below ) . a long-winded si description . this has been my experience with ... i guess both names are accurate , but i think they can have slightly negative connotations unlike the other types . for example , the duty fulfillers can make it seem like we live just to fulfill the ... hmm , to me , simon was one of the characters with the most common sense ( excluding the rat incident ) . he was very logical and not hotheaded like the others . his logicality even made him seem like a ... simon ? ! why ? he was actually my favorite character . clary on the other hand ... i know i promised and signed the contract and everything , but , eh , i just don't feel like following through anymore . i hope that's okay ! that's pretty much how my experience went down . basically , i wrote him a short letter detailing the things about our friendship i was having trouble with ( so they could be fixed ; not as a means to ... 4 then 2 . not an infp , but i'll chime in . i've been writing creatively for seven years now ( novels ) . i'm no expert , but i've picked up some things along the way , and i enjoy it , so here goes : 1 ) the key to ... some people seem to think that we istjs write off anything artsy and creative as foreign , impractical , and therefore not worth our time ( if we even had a creative bone in our body to begin with ) ... not really . when people ask me something , i either know it or i don't , and i say so immediately , even if it's an opinion question . if i have to think a little longer , people have been pretty ... i'm your age , and i guess we developed he same procrastination problem . sigh . part of it is i don't have the tolerance for busy work i used to . unless an assignment is actually helpful and ... when you procrastinate on everything like there's no tomorrow--or rather like there's always tomorrow . i caught senioritis my senior year of high school . i'm more than halfway done with college , ... ideal you real you introversion 43 % the last time shex 92d been called out on her accent had been her second week in new york . when at a memorial day barbecue , you find yourself alone inside and debate whether you should break out your laptop and write some more of your novel or whether you should get back out there and ... are you sure he's an istj ? doesn't sound like one to me . the thing that struck me was him threatening to break up with you at every little thing . commitment for istjs is huge , and i could never see ... i also seem to be highly attuned to change . i walked into my dorm building after winter break , and i was the first one to notice they'd installed new light bulbs in the halls because things were just ... how do you view and handle theory ? i have no problem with theory that is well-founded and fairly clear-cut . things like the theory of evolution , music theory , the big bang , etc . are no problem ... here's an istj who loves creative writing ! it's one of my passions , and i've been writing stories since middle school . reading is another love of mine . to me , reading and writing ( especially ... like you , i'm a gardener . when i start a novel , i've usually picked out two protagonists , their characteristics , and a setting . it can literally be as crude as selfish eighteen-year-old jane and ... for me , it helps to become well-versed in whatever art i'm trying to create . i don't mean reading self-help books or trying to exactly follow a step-by-step procedure . one of my favorite creative ... sorry for misquoting or misunderstanding you , and thanks for clearing some of your points up . most of my response was to this : that just seemed like a generalization at the time , so i thought ... the majority of my favorite songs are probably from the late 70s to mid 00s . however , i love the oldies ( yeah , that 50s and 60s stuff , doo wop , and all ) , but it has nothing to do with me thinking ... i'm usually punctual , if not early . when i'm late , it's because i know i can get away with it ( like with a professor who is chronically late , or with an informal ' drop by when you will ' study ... i can be pretty lazy as well . it might be a 1w9 thing ? elsa from frozen . i promise i'm not trying to be cheesy , but i've really had to learn how to let it go , and her reservedness over all that passion is something i see in myself sometimes . there ... what courses are you finding difficult because of the intuition they require ? i'm also a college student , and i recently took a little quiz i saw somewhere on the forums that rates your intuition . i ... hmm , even when i think i'm not being an istj , i'm being an istj . i thought it was just laziness , but i guess practical / justified laziness is okay ! when i go on a vacation and choose to live out of my suitcase instead of unpacking . finally saw the original psycho last week . before that , frozen . maybe , but i've read my share of books where the protagonist is seemingly heartless because of a tough life , but at least they were relatable or grew as a person by the end of it . katniss just seemed ... katniss everdeen : so heartless , illogical , and clueless . jennifer lawrence made her seem much more likable in the movies . the only movie i think is worlds better than the books . maybe hate is too ... skunk . '