' terminaldancer i read your post and many of your replies and i feel i can greatly relate to many parts of your story . we are similar in age and i see that from the sounds of it , you struggle with ... somewhere along the trajectory of life's mundane day to day events and a series of tragedies , disappointments and heartbreaks over the last 20some years , i've come to what is a point of absolute ... i've always felt so absolutely different and misunderstood . as a child i was so full of curiosity , acting like an adult , which adults found charming . i looked at the world with inquisitive eyes . with ... ... i not only dislike , but detest so much about myself physically . i feel unlovable by others because of how i feel about my own physical body . keeping this short and simple because it hurts to ... ... yes , these days are more than a bit rough for thesedays . :/ 77734 you've worded it perfectly - - thank you . i've been absolutely uncomfortable at work - - i feel like i'm walking on a tightrope every single moment . the micro-managing by my general manager has continued ... dr.horrible we seem to have a lot of similar issues in common - - work and family-wise . ... tough times . ugh , i relate so much to this . at work i am actually happy to be extroverted , until it's ... forgot to include this - - we don't have an hr department inhouse for our store location , as it's a small location , but there is a company-wide hotline number that can be called . what would happen if ... i'm updating after a few days of intense thought and further issues ... the accusations made against me were the following - - ( i will address them referencing the numerical number attached to them ... jebediah i've not gone through such procedure but i've hade several other intense surgeries on my arms , legs , stomach , and intestines . ( tmi ? sorry . ) it's been a bumpy ride . i detest hospitals now . ermm ... please don't judge me ... this little miss was an online / phone dominatrix princess of sorts . heh ... i would still be doing it if certain things had not interrupted my online life . ' tis was ...  . horrible i forgot to mention one more thing that related so very much to your post . you said your father said it was just you that he didn't answer when speaking and i've had several experiences ... dr.horrible i wanted to cry when i read your post - - my father is exactly like that . my father does too . he has insane levels of anger issues and is incredibly scary when he gets upset . p . s . in contrast , is there a commonly said by infj's thread ? i think that could be quite interesting . :) you are so sweet . you are so cute . you have a sweet voice . they all sound like nice things , and i appreciate when people are nice to me , but i'm more than just a sweet / nice girl ... i'm ... i'm writing with a lot of hesitationx 85 i am now feeling very exposed by explaining this whole ideal on the forum and i'm feeling quite overwhelmed . i know i'm feeling this though because of the ... northwind i did read the whole post , but i know nothing about dating exactly my thoughts . i've embarrassingly only ever been on one real date , and i'm 28 , and it was a horrible date . * feeling ... there's a lot of red flags going on here . * sigh * x85i know . i do feel completely dismissed and i feel like i've come out looking like an idiot . this is not the first time that this is the ... maybe no one else will ever get you 100 % but you yourself have the power to get to know yourself 100 % . it's a beautiful thing to know and trust yourself genuinely . good luck . :) i can always count on myself to over-think absolutely everything . i can always count on myself to daydream . i can always count on myself to procrastinate or cleaning my personal space . oops ! i can ... you are hardly the only one to feel such embarrassment at the doctors office . i've experienced intense emotional trauma due to issues at the doctors office and in hospitals that i don't go to the ... i'm one who feels embarrassed to answer this thread but i secretly hope this kind of thing will happen to me one day , and my ideal would be an art deco style ring with a vintage vibe . i wouldn't mind ... i've been told too many a time that i have bambi-eyes ... always wide-eyed , looking a little scared and serious , but really i'm just observing and absorbing . i failed to update last night due to exhaustion . yesterdays meeting was … different , for lack of a better word . in my first meeting my general manager heavily reprimanded me , specifically noting ... mini-update - - i've continued reading everyones points . thank you for all of your contributions . i appreciate the diversity of them as they all prepare me to see the situation through a variety of ... for what it's worth , one thing i've noticed that i've admired about teachers i've had both in and out of the classroom are teachers who expect their students to learn - - this truly motivates me as a ... i don't really know that i know how to think without daydreaming at the same time ... is that odd ? i literally daydream all day , everyday , as obnoxious as that phrasing sounds . first and foremost thank you everyone for your replies - - literally everyone , despite a different perspective here and there between the mix . the fact is that at the end of the day , i spoke ... if anyone is willing to take a moment to read the following and perhaps give any advice , i would greatly appreciate it . i was very recently taken aback at a work meeting when a coworker made ... ... nothing . it's my very favorite , ever . no , frankly . presents . :p j / k ... patience and kindness , really . i wish someone understood me 10 % as much as i understand most people . i'm very , very intuitive and i understand people ... i'm very outwardly be as you are and i detest comparison gossipping and such , though inwardly i judge on things that bother me such as a low work ethic or sensing that others are not their ... i relate immensely . i have quite intense , deep emotions , and verbalizing them in a concise manner isn't always something i'm strong at doing , so sometimes i just spare vocalizing my thoughts at all ... i have staring contests with my dog and i pretty much always win . :: so accomplished :: i'm an infj female still holding on to my v-card but nonetheless my sexuality obviously exists , but is more than a little complex . i've dated men and also a woman - - i've been physically and attracted ... quite lonesome i don't ever get gifts from anyone so getting any type of personalized or well thought out gift would make my heart happy . in particular , i would love something beautiful to wear from anthropologie . hazel-eyed infj , that's meee . well , here's my own crazy bit to add to this thread . hope no one thinks i'm going to hell or something for all of this . ha i'm an ex-dominatrix , ex-m 0rm0n ( the m0rm0n bit came after the dominatrix ... i really struggle with making friends too - - especially now in adulthood . as a child and teenager i often let others walk all over me and use me , and my friends were those people who used me in such ... i would like to make friends . i would like to be recognized at work for my leadership and creativity and be promoted . i would like to be away from the toxic people in my life and toxic thoughts in ... forgive the cliché , but i'm listening to a taylor swift song that relates to my very recent breakupsortofthing . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pFbDTvCvO9c cause we had a beautiful magic love ... solitaria y sin dirección i don't ever reach my potential . my warmth and my strong intuition ... those are my favorites . i get these things everyday from my family , so i relate . i've never really been someone pursued too much , other than during my pretty phase a few years back . i dated a little bit , but quickly broke things off with anyone pursuing me because i was dating ... i make myself a drink and talk to my friend late into the night about how he's wearing panties for me , at least that's tonight , and truth be told , i'm a bit of a freak . '