' yeah you're not alone sigh . i hate that i do it as well , it isn't fair on the other person ( s ) . i'm getting better at it ; i realise that i can't control what's going to happen in future ( that ... princess diana's death . i remember her funeral being on tv and my mum crying . i would have been .. 4 i also like 9 ' s because they're much calmer / relaxed than me but some are maybe way too passive for me and i feel like sometimes they just look at me when i'm in one of my anxiety / freak moods like i'm ... uhhh . i tend to be put off by 4s in all honesty . it wouldn't be a good match for me . ( using johns test please ) top 3 mbti types : 1.80 % isfj 2 . 5 % istj 3.4 % infj 6w7 no , no . describes me pretty well lol . wouldn't say i'm impulsive in the slightest , i usually think very long and hard before i make my bad decisions :D . nothing . no fun allowed . : unsure : yup boyfriend is estj 3w2 sp / so relationships have never been a priority for him . he has always envisioned his life as achieving his goals , being independent and living life how he pleased . he said he ... lmao good ! thanks you ? rofl . eh i don't like dating unless i see a future with that person , so i guess it takes time to see if they fit that bill ? none of that would indicate he hates you , really . the declining the request is a bit odd , but i would guess based on his previous behaviour , it's a way to protect himself from falling for you when ... in my experience , an estj won't just lost interest once they like someone , and they will fight for you . prove them wrong ? the whole burning self out and hard working in general yeah . 1 ) i don't squeeze my schedule really tightly as i enjoy my time alone but i do feel the need to accept invites to everything ... a lot of it sounds like the fear in a 6 . do you have 6 in your tritype ? i'm 629 and i always say that i think my 2 underlies some of the fears of my 6 - that fear that if i'm not helpful or kind , ... yeah my eyesight sucks i have astigmatism and a cataract . i need glasses for everything . infjs have ti . hahahahahahahah hahahahahahah haaa hahaha oh my god oh you're actually serious ? 705178 i don't overeat but i do tend to seek out comfort foods often . u200bi like my comforts okay ! sure , i am but i prefer to at least know one person lol . yup like others said , i know an infj 2w1 who i mistook for an enfj ^ _ ^ i do . i do feel a nice sense of relief once i've finished one and cancel it off though lol . me and my mum are the same type ( isfj ) my brothers and my dad are ixxp's - my eldest is infp my other brother is istp . my dad is an ixtp . the introversion is stronk . funnily enough i'd say my ... keep thinking you're an esfp or istp , probably because of the avatar . either that or your avatar reminds me of a esfp or istps avatar ? i dunno . also the avatar combined with your signature makes ... dude . tryna fucking escape filch in hp and the philosophers stone pc game . jfc . i bet i still couldn't do it today . yeah i would like to be more p . i wouldn't mind being isfp . i also can sleep anywhere at anytime . i heard someone say the same about his isfj girlfriend . i put mine down to being so emotionally and physically exhausted from trying to please everyone all the ... yup that would be me glare behind their back then when they look smile although if i see them cut in line in front of other people , especially elderly , i will tap them and say sorry they were in front of you and they ... i'm mentally ill and i really hope i've never made my friends feel this way . but i understand where you are coming from , i dropped 2 toxic friendships for the same reasons you did . you've made it ... uhh yeah sure i just figured it wasn't any good and offered them to have something else and feel bad the rest of the day thinking they're still hungry ; - ; sx 6s can seem like 8s . how long have you known him ? has he always been like this ? i'm isfj e6 ( i think i'm sx-dom too ) and i recently have gone through a couple of broken friendships and its ... my best friend is a super awesome , strong , independent isfp teach me your ways . i don't need to love it , as long as it's not going against my morals or making me feel horrible everyday . i work with a lovely esfj lady who just can't sit still , she has to keep doing things for people thinking that's what is needed but it's not , sometimes people just want to be left alone and she ... i don't have a garden i live in apartments but we are looking for our own house in the next few months and my must is a garden ! ! ! and then a dishwasher haha . i help a disabled guy with his garden and ... 696554 ^ i had this sort of moment the other day but it was me @ my mum when i saw something about a woman her age dying at an area near where she lives . except i would probably worry even if the ... he doesn't have past relationship experiences . i do . and my past experiences lead me to cling to people actually . i get my freedom / space with him and am able to express myself without fear . we spend ... eee ... dude always i don't know how other people see me . welcome fellow scot :p roud : what's to understand ? he's a cheat , get away and stop trying to romanticise everything about him , i don't care if you're a dreamer , you're both being stupid . if a guy can cheat on a girl with you , ... even i don't get my dominant at times . try explaining si without buzzwords .. i'm 4 years into a relationship with someone who doesn't really get me in that i have a lot of mental health issues and past abuse , whereas he has never known hardship or health problems in his ... '