' i guess i'd go by car but since i don't have my own car yet it could happen that i'm not gonna be able to make it , though i think if it's not too sudden i could still handle it . i guess if it's gonna work out well there'll be some more meetings , so don't worry : happy : and about the distance : according to google maps it's about 132 miles i'm 19 , but there's just 6 weeks left ' til i hit the 20 :p roud : there's hardly anything worse than an infj gone mad : laughing : i'm pending between telekinesis , flight and teleport for obvious reasons . all of'em sound quite tempting .. but i guess i'd end up ... crimson wing : mishikirinarimoto meikitoji holy ... o_o welcome and enjoy your stay :p roud : - where do infj's typically hang out ? most of the time : coffee shops , parks , malls ( though it's quite rare ) or at home - how can you tell when you have met one ? i'd recommend to look for people ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hB_b_ZSVOxE :p roud : i think you couldn't describe the way i feel about hugs , touches and all any better than you just did . in my opinion hugs or any other way of connecting physically is supposed to mean something , so ... well , infj and the result above that's exactly what i sometimes do . every now and then i just need to get away from pretty much everyone , except very special people like my girlfriend but since we're awfully alike it's even ... welcome to the forum goldshadow :p roud : enjoy your time here , it's really great : happy : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q7l4vtRmpls i'm the tallest in our family - about 5 ' 9 welcome to the forum :p roud : welcome to the forum ! :p roud : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GEFco8us_QM and http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1oXhqozBcPA welcome ! : happy : do you like my donuts better ? : tongue : by the way ... i like cats , too : crazy : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdCsbZf1_Ng&feature=related : crazy : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2FYYp10ho38 well , i guess i'm addicted to vampire stories especially mixed with the drama genre but they're not the only ones i read :p roud : i've read so far the twilight-series and the host by stephenie ... found that on deviantart and thought it's quite cool :p roud : what's your name ? igor where are you from ? blieskastel , germany how old are you ? 18 what are your dreams or plans for the future ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5D3xVs-Uc3E and http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wc0n1yOhB9w http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5D3xVs-Uc3E i love it :p roud : i have two of them , too : crazy : both of them appear very cold and don't seem to care about feelings of others , so i think it's quite normal for an infj not to like them : mellow : i always talk to ... so i guess i'm the combo breaker : tongue : blonde : shocked : seems like we have the same ones : mellow : every time i have to speak in front of a bunch of people i get the feeling that i could explode : bored : i think i'd like to be less shy than i am , it ... the quiet - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia this one is really great too ! : shocked : maybe ridiculous luck ? : tongue : nah , dunno . too bad i couldn't meet another infj in person , neither male , nor female : frustrating : welcome to the forum :p roud : 18 :p roud : sometimes i wish i had a rewing button but then i think about what could have happened instead and often decide that it's maybe the best that way . : happy : but even without such a button i think it's ... um , i actually thought of something like this one . -> ef : a fairy tale of the two . - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia i think it's full of some almost too realistic moments , at least in my ... yup , i love it , too . i think i'll watch it next weekend or so :p roud : i see the world as kind of an anime with another episode every day and another season after every greater step such as leaving one town and move on to the other . there are so many similar things that ... welcome to the forum :p roud : my favorits are : - martyrs - the jacket - home room - underworld i-iii - butterfly effect i-iii i love these : - 11eyes : tsumi to batsu to aganai no sh ? jo - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia - ef : a fairy tale of the two . - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia - ... that's so right . but still i wish i knew when i find her . : frustrating : edit : age -> 18 ^ ^ i think this is my friend's favorite questions as often as she asks that one ^ ^ : crazy : once when her bf broke up with her and she didn't want to talk about why she was in a bad mood i just thought ... welcome to the forum . : happy : welcome and enjoy your time here : happy : good luck and have fun :p roud : yup and since i hardly forget anything i could write reports about every person i meet regularly : crazy : but it's also quite crazy because of the ability to tell ... it really sucks that i live in germany : frustrating : it's exactly the same with me . my closest friend i know now for almost 10 years an since i'm just 18 .. that's quite a long time i think . :p roud : but eben though i don't see him much either i know ... i do this every time i talk to certain people : laughing : but it's kind of strange , i concetrated a bit more on analyzing the behaviour of the people around me today . i think it's absolutely f-ing ... for us our behaviour is very simple because we often couldn't think of any other way to act but as often always notice it or feel about it quite different . i think it's way more difficult to ... guess that's true .. but it's quite usual that people get us wrong , isn't it ? : frustrating : but since hardly anyone seems in the least way to understand what a chaos is going on in my head at times ... '