' how do estjs want to have love expressed to them ? what makes them feel loved ? n the intuitive function ... but i also love being introverted and rational ( t ) . wow ... i was just referring to the law of economics ! i never worry about being thought of like that ... mainly because i don't put out . it never crosses my mind that someone wants to take advantage of ... it is clearly not a supply and demand equation ... we are in short supply , but i don't feel ' in demand ' wonder if i will meet intj's at this board game meetup ? 4th tuesday @ athens burgers - east bay board gamers ( dublin , ca ) - meetup.com what about something like this ? myers-briggs meetups near dublin , california - meetup.com sigh ! i emailed him midweek asking how his week was going ... no response . although we went out the past two weekends , he has not called / emailed for another date this weekend ... and still no reply ... had an intj : intj date last saturday night ... when i asked him a technical question about the oil spill cap he called the waitress ( i thought , oh , no ... he is asking for our check ... i have done it ... good point . guess i was promoting the self-supporting feature . hahaha ... agree totally ... sickening ! get the two lovebirds out of the way of this great city shot ! wow ... and i am a girl ... it frightens me that i totally agree with this comment ! sex with ... hahaha ! well , i challenge any intj man to a relationship with me : an intj woman . let's do a blog by blog of it and see where we get . even if it has to be via im / em / phone / other ... it is a worthy ... hey you entj people ... i love reading your messages ... they are so intj-ish ... except we don't actually do it or say it ... you guys and girls are the greatest ! first : you have to live , like , right next door to them , on literally on their path to / from work or they won't ever see you second : you need to give them a make-over the one intj i did find on ... i'm done with the other types . i think software engineers are intjs , so i look for them on dating sites . i had to give up talking type when i responded to a query about why i got along with a professor that everyone else hated , and i said , because of his p-ness . i didn't get what i said for quite ... hahaha ... how true ! as they go : blink ... blink ... ( as if they are looking at a person for the first time in weeks ! as if a maniken in a shop has just spoken out loud ) i guess they live by : if you know ... when the adage : better to be silent and have people think you are stupid than to speak up and remove all doubt makes you wonder why most other people speak at all . ... or , to girls , i hope you don't talk like that on dates . no wonder you don't have a boyfriend ... when you are familiar with having someone with whom you disagree's words continue in their ( wrong ) line of thinking while their mind is busy already seeing the fallacies ( you have pointed ... hahahahaha ... well , i work at a place where serious intj's hang out , a research facility ... and i was exiting a building today as a really hot guy was entering . i held the door for him . he said thank ... thank you , from all of us . but just don't really hug us ; remember : we don't do hug . we stiffen like those children that were kept in unattended institutionalized orphanage cribs for too long ... and ... cough , cough ... it's not just intj guys who do that ... as a woman , i agree i may choose to appear more open to criticism , especially at work , so my silence ( apparent listening ) is just plotting their ... he was e . indian and his parents balked and told him he had to let them arrange a marriage . he still isn't married , they are at a stand-off at last update . if i have to pick again , i think i want ... hyperspace was my favorite book in 1996 . i was crazy about it . i couldn't get anyone else excited about it however hard i tried . you guys are all so hilarious . i have the book , 16 ways to love your lover and it is about types ... i really like it , as well . i also have typetalk at work , just my type ( gee , i think that is what it is called , maybe , are you my ... no scientists are mad ... it is a matter of perspective ... they just get a little irritated now and then . here is the way my istp asked me out . i was complaining ( that i had to go to at & t and have them re-program my phone , and i was ( genuinely ) huffing and puffing and suffering about the thought of ... yes , i think we both overanalyze . however , i think , and i could be wrong . but i think that the entps blab it out in order to make sense of it . it doesn't matter to whom ... just the act of blabbing it ... you have got to man up and find a way to ask him out . tell him you need his help on something ... like finding a book on some topic or deciding on a computer and that means you need to meet him at the ... for me , the secret formula is = apply alcohol and shake i love that one ! ! ! by the way , i have given myself permission to reject all invitations . i say , i don't do things they say , what ? and i repeat , i don't do things . now other friends pipe in , ... hahaha ... well , i am probably the worst date ever as well , but what makes a date good and a relationship good may be different for me . lots of chatter is probably good on a date ... lethal in a ... i decided to put intj as a keyword on the dating site i am on . that way , if someone wants an intj they can search for it . i did a search for intjs and found a few . we are emailing each other . it is ... i like coming home to ... well , me . closing the door , tossing my briefcase , kicking off my heels , and being alone with , me ! ! ! me , me , me , me , me , me ! ! ! i am home at last where there ... perfect ! i can mute them ! but ... they were doing that thing to my leg ! i am still wondering what the best opposite sex partner for the intj is . at this point , i think it is another intj . oh , don't worry , at least your victims can still speak . mine just slither away and others are left to check them into institutions so they can be fed by caretakers for the rest of their lives . what type is your husband and do you recommend that type ? ( if that isn't too intrusive of a question ... lately i have been thinking i need to limit myself to only intj men ... but how to meet him ? break ... i disagree , as i do with most of your posts ... are you sure you are an intj ? ? ? the one on the right looks like he has been crying ... very emotional eyes ... the one on the left looks sharp , well ... regarding the serious issue : it seems the other types have a dog thread ; for example : what kind of dog do you have , what is the cutest dog , what kind of dog are you ? we don't have one of those ... he was an intp . 1 . he showed mercy by trying to give you time to study ; intj's don't have mercy . 2 . intj's know that it can , at times , be all about points ... screw knowing it . bless ... yes ... intp's have no tolerance for unreflective comments , bs , bluffing or cockiness . intj's will knock you off your high horse just for the hell of it . intp's won't do that , they are not mean . it is ... when you have a friend who calls you every year on your birthday ... to remind you that it is your birthday . when i get called a bitch i really object ... don't call me a bitch ... i am a fucking bitch ! i'm sure the professor was an intp or an intj here is a portion of what i wrote for my online dating profile regarding what i wear and what i am like : i am shy , but chirpy once i warm up . i like to have quiet time . i dress very nicely for ... i like how unpretentious the intp's are . and they are really sweet . i think this is a pretty good combination . istps are low maintenance . just don't expect him to understand your thinking ... expect him to respect your thinking . he will get your humor , and that goes ... '