' that is true , although women often have better support networks to deal with those types of feelings than men . with the girl i was talking about though , those predators literally told her straight ... the thing is , she didn't mean for the sex to be casual with either of those guys . she was hoping they would want a long term relationship with her . it probably doesn't take an ni-dom to foresee just ... the isfj girl turned out to be just fine . she was just upset over sleeping with two guys that week and neither of them wanting to date her ... i'm sorry but i've spent way too much time having to save ... omg , this is so relatable ! as an infj male , i'll bet i can answer that question for you ! we like to show our love by putting our love interests needs first and our needs second . like this one time when this isfj girl i was ... very few intjs i've known seemed to be narcissistic . that prize seems to go to the entxs actually that's exactly why entjs get the ceo / executive nickname . they get sick to death of the corporate world and go into the startup world instead to begin their own companies , making them the ... quintessential infj villain : wilson fisk from the netflix daredevil series . evil justified with saving the city . i can't think of any fictional xnfp villains right now , but a real life example ... this is reaching . also , how is it's to make the world a better place any different than you'll thank me when the world has been transformed as far as justifications go ? there is no most introverted extrovert , but in general , intuitives tend to be less extraverted than sensors . in fact , in a lot of ways , extroverted and intuitive are sort of contradictions .  ... jesus christ . this thread makes me even more glad to not be an infp than that montage of heck documentary about kurt cobain . sometimes those differences can be pretty subtle though . at least with me and my entp friends , the only real difference in outward presentation is they talk just a little bit more and they can keep ... been working pretty closely with my sort-of boss , a female entj . she's pretty awesome . we get along a lot better than i would have expected to get along with an entj ( since ti and te are supposed to ... theme song - nevermind by leonard cohen . and tonight's episode better be good . personally , i'm really hoping colin farrell's character really isn't dead because the only interesting character we ... damn , so many masks for so many different situations . generally if i'm not comfortable with my environment , my mask is usually istp . unintellectual , unpretentious , apathetic , doing everything i ... okay , i see what you mean . and yes , focusing on romantic relationships just for the sake of being in a relationship is absolutely retarded and unhealthy . you get in a relationship because you find ... personally i love enfps , they're some of my favorite people . actually i can't think of any other type i would rather have an intense , romantic fling with . as for long term partner though ? maybe . i ... i find it pretty funny how you think people who don't give a shit about anything outside of their circle and people who understand the insignificance of their existence in the grand scheme of things ... op is right , relationships are a huge distraction from your goals and dreams . also : spending time with your family - a distraction from your goals and dreams . hanging out with friends - major ... saw the first few pages of this thread and now i am seriously wondering if i'm really an intp . well going through a nasty ti-si loop right now , i can at least tell you what it's like for me . for reasons i won't go too much into explaining , i've been working from home the last few months , in ... ( this is assuming the drug is scarce ) . i would tell the man to give me a reason why i should use the drug to save him instead of someone else who is dying and could use it . i would also offer him ... enfjs can be the most manipulative because they have the ability to be the most manipulative , that fe-ni can be dazzling ( like margaery on game of thrones , i don't think i could ever not be her ... i'm pretty sure this applies pretty much everyone , or at least , healthy vs unhealthy ne users at the very least . the only exception to this is 6 . some types ( like mine ) poke holes in everything ... i know it's probably a little cliche for an intp to respond to a thread not addressed to them , but being a writer myself ( where i'm mostly using the ne function ) , i may be able to help you out .  ... no problem . i personally hate it when nfps can't really be themselves , but i know it's not something society generally encourages , especially for men . so just find someone who appreciates your warm , ... i was going to tell ya'll to stop fighting because as an intp , i love you both . but now that my adderall high is gone , i'm here to tell you to stop fighting because as an unhealthy intp , i hate ... any ethical code in which the aim is not human happiness is not an ethical code worth adhering to . definitely listen to wickedqueen , she knows whats up . learning how to get along with estjs though may not be what will help you here though . he honestly just sounds like a shitty father , which has ... my grand plan since i was a kid is to be a novelist . when / how , i don't know . i was never serious about finishing anything before the last few years . so like , ni is what happens when you see a bigger part of the picture or come to realizations that you can't really put into words , right ? cause that shit happens to be me all the time . like i can't ... well by jungian terminology , a psychopath would be someone who either doesn't have or are incapable of using feeling functions . sociopaths may have them , but just don't use them . neither of those ... yeah but game developers are leaving bugs lying around on discs and then patching it after release all the time now . maybe that was the problem with arkham origins , too many intps on board . whoa ! whoa ! all you're doing is encouraging me to do what i was planning on originally , and getting back into my old bad habits . be gone , fellow intps ! for i seek the council of infjs , so that i ... well , no shit . it's obvious that hilter wasn't an infj because batman was an infj . then again , if you ask alan moore , he'd tell you batman was like hitler . omg what if batman is an intj ? god , i haven't gone through that since i was a kid . i'm sorry for your loss , man . dream friends are usually way cooler than real life friends . thanks ! i'm not sure why i want to fuck multiple people to tell you the truth . perhaps so i can find myself and truly be the man my soul mate ( for lack of a better term - not that i believe in ... also , yes i realize i am probably romanticizing you guys due to not knowing any real life infjs and instead only knowing them through fictional characters . that's okay though , because i'm no albert ... hey guys ! so i got to drinking and was thinking about how i wished i was an infj ; like batman , or jon snow , or chris claremont's magneto , or the mcu version of the vision . those guys are awesome ! ... yeah , this is a pretty old post of mine so i'm not quite sure what i was thinking there , only that he was definitely an ne-dom . there's actually a few of these i think i was wrong about . if you really want to win your way into an intp's heart , be that bridge between them and the external sensing word . while that top dog te-dom commander role might be off-putting to intps if you don't ... hey man , these are great questions , and i got the perfect solution for you . first off : yes , how you perceive yourself determines your persona . that's not being phony , its just human nature .  ... i take the mbti for what is , a subjective measure along the spectrum of four different binaries that recognize different patterns of thought / behavior in certain individuals with varying amount of ... isfj : basic the correct answer is intp . logic in of itself is abstract . that is , it does not refer to anything concrete or to objects that exist outside of the mind . it has nothing to do with pragmatism or ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oip2UOHwRgo i imagine they'd probably more likely have a sensing preference in addition to extraverted and feeling , as the insignificant details and mundane parts of stranger's lives would bore most intuitives . by definition , that is exactly what an sp is . focus on a specific thing = si . se takes in information from the whole environment and rapidly moves from one thing to another . however , none ... the universe has no meaning . we search for it because our minds evolved to recognize patterns . all meaning is created by humans , not found by them . alright here we go . sorry , human emotions just don't work like that . not even for us t's . we can't just fall in love with someone / out of love with someone / back in love with someone at will ... '