' wow ... if that wasn't insulting . my friends tell me that i'm a nerd because i like to read so much . i'm learning german right now just for the fun of it . i use words that i have to explain to ... yeah ... i'm pretty much the same way ... it took me a week to get over a year long relationship . it was a compliment ... you guys are so deep , and you understand the complexity to normal life situations , its awesome ! morgan , i know exactly what you're saying . being an enfj i dont share my emotions either , and i dont like to explain why or how i feel a certain way - because just like you said there are so many ... yeah ... i have to force my infj friend to tell me what his feelings are ... actually , he doesnt have a problem telling me when he's angry or hurt or upset , he just has a problem explaining why . it ... well i'm certainly glad that i'm not the only one ! but what if that person is the only person that has the power to hurt your feelings ? why tell them the truth if it's mainly them thats upsetting you ? i don't reveal things about myself for a reason - ... haha ! no didnt see the edited version ... and i'm sorry that you've had that experience - i've tried to explain to people that i dont just open up and tell stories of my life , you have to have known ... i've had my fair share of people loving me . lol . and they know nothing about me at all . it almost makes me laugh now , except i feel bad for them ... exactly ... its overbearing . people dont love enfj's ... they're infatuated with the way we make them feel - and how we're able to bring happiness to any situation yes ... i don't believe that i've ever experienced a love that would compel me to spend the rest of my life with someone .. and i think that what i've felt has been love , but there are different ... yeah .. you guys are creepy . lol . being an enfj , i'm used to being able to read people , and i deliberately don't reveal much about myself ... but every freaking time i talk to my infj friend , he tells ... oh , its absolutely not attractive . lol . i've dated guys that are jerks , and i've dated nice guys ... i much prefer being treated with respect . which leads me to a quesiton about love ... do you ... i'm sure that it would be . even myself , if i met an enfj male - i probably wouldnt believe they have honest intentions . its so confusing for me when i meet a guy that seems genuine , i think that puts ... yes i always have things planned . lol . i use my sister and her friends as contingency plans . :) there are usually more enfj's around here ... hmm ... i totally understand ! how do you feel when there's not really anything going on ? if i'm just having an average day i feel like something is missing - because i dont have strong emotions either way ... us enfjs ... we always know just the right thing to say . lol . its nice to have a support group for when you're misunderstood by almost everyone . i swear , i always intend to do the best thing for ... aww ! don't feel that way . at least they were experiences you can learn from ... and you know not to date girls like that again . find yourself a nice enfj . i hear they're wonderful . : tongue : ... aww ! you always know how to make me feel better : laughing : lol how could that make someone weak ! ? i find it to be a more mature approach to solving problems . you cant just go back and ... thank you for explaining that in words ! haha . thats exactly how i am , but i can't ever articulate it to the people that are trying to understand . i'll have to just print that out and carry it around ... isnt it nice having someone that understands you ! ? haha . i have a question for you though - recently i noticed that when i'm upset at someone , i dont want them to admit they're wrong , i just want them ... i love how i just know how to interact with mainly everyone . i enjoy making people happy , and i'm generally pretty good at it . i like that i'm sensitive and understanding . i enjoy having strong ... infj men . haha . they're a trip . very insightful with strong beliefs . when they decide that they love someone , and actually open up to that person its truly amazing . there is so much depth to their ... no , thats awesome . i'm the same way with demands ... i'm an intellegent individual , and i can figure things out without someone telling me what i have to do . i absolutely hate that . lol . if someone ... how can i fix that though ? lol . its who i am ... i dont try to flirt , and if i did i'd feel like a fool . i have assumed that its based on the fact that i'm always nice and i like making people ... seemed like it was too late to revive too much love so i'm adding a part 2 ! this is kinda different anyway ... here it goes ... why does it seem like any male that i'm friends with decides ... hm . that prompted me to add some photos of myself ... we both have dark hair . lol . and we're younger ... seems thats where the physical similarities end . are you serious ! ? omg ! ur like my twin ! scarrryyy ! there are two of us in this world ! haha . do you have a myspace or something ? i'm dying to see what you look like - maybe we're physically similar ! haha . i just feel like everyone would get along a lot better if we all tried to understand one another . it would make true motives more clear . i love enfj females ! they're so amazing .. haha ! : laughing : thinkers should be able to rationalize other peoples necessity for feelings , as well as feelers empathize with thinkers need to rationalize . everyone is different , everyone processes emotions in ... be kind , for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle - plato thats my favorite quote of all time compassionate , kind , odd , funny , loving i know the feeling ! ! we've made things work by setting boundaries ... if he doesn't want to talk about something , i dont pry and he's the same with me . it can be a very rewarding friendship , but i'm ... i have an infj friend . he's a very unique individual ... at times he can be so compeltely understanding and compassionate , while at others - the most dispasisonate person on earth . he has an amazing ... i think that the privacy issue would be a big thing ... since i'm more concerned with others feelings , there's always a part of me that i dont want people to see , and i think that he would be the ... he's been getting frustrated with me because i wont state the answer - which is why he stated it for me . he's been trying to get me to admit it to him for a few months now ... i think he was just ... aww ! thanks for your kindness . :) its much needed . i just feel like its so hard to express myself and my emotions , which is why i'm drawn to this infj ... he understands and knows without me having to ... i've read some about mbti . i'm going to research it more ... i am pretty much stuck in my extroverted feeling though . i would even go as far to say that i dont care about my feelings at all . i ... haha ! yeah , my infj friend and i get along well , but he's like my kryptonite ! i know that i'm good at manipulating situations and peoples feelings , even though i only do it for the better - to make ... i've been looking for information on how well an enfj and an infj would work together in a relationship ... but i couldn't find much . anyone have insight ? outgoing , social - yes attention seeking - not really ... i dont seek attention , i give it emotional , loving - of course ! i love everyone organized - in most aspects , however i'm not very tidy at home ... exactly ! take a bully for example . why are they mean to people ? maybe thats how they were raised , maybe they didnt have loving parents , or maybe they have really low self esteem and they feel like ... i struggle with those thoughts daily ... i've just came to the realization that not everyone knows how to be a good person . i think that most people have good intentions , and want to be happy - they ... this reminds me so much of my experience ... my mother however , was never supportive . its going to take him time to adjust to who he is as a person . its so tough growing up as an enfj . its difficult ... you should include that in your introduction then . lol . i'm sorry for being abrupt the other day , my names ... i forgive people when they apologize . she probably will too . :) lol . i'd also say something about having a drink sometime , coffee or alcohol - whatever . if she's talked to you before , then she'll probably text you . haha ! ummm ... you could try that ... but i'd say something like hey , i've seen you here a few times , my names xxx , what's yours ? and then after her reply , tell her that you don't have a lot of ... hmm . thats difficult to say . i like to make all people feel comfortable , and this tends to come off as flirting to others , but to me - i'm just being me . it takes a long time for me to cultivate a ... haha ! your posts are hysterical ! i can't speak for all enfjs ... but when i talk to people , i'm usually trying to get a feel for them , their expressions , gestures , body language ... it's easier for me ... '