' well when you figure out where to begin , please do . i remain unconvinced . i don't mind if you go on and on . his sensing could very well be introverted but there's no way in hell it's his ... there's not an sj bone in that man's body . where's the si ? where's the fe ? he's some sort of xxfp . what the fuck did i just read ? are you saying infps can't be attractive ? you're horrible ! seems more infj to me . oh , okay . thanks for clearing everything up . i'll just trust you . he's intp because entps don't have small penises . nah but i'm seriously doubting he's an extrovert . he's just a loud and obnoxious asshole . he doesn't seem like the kind of person who would be ... esfp 3w2 tai - estp matt - infj sora - esfj izzy - intp joe - isfj mimi - esfp kari - infp tk - enfj davis - esfp he took the test and got enfj . he tested as enfj . you should take the myers briggs personality test and post your results | ask.fm/theneedledrop confirmed enfj . you should take the myers briggs personality test and post your results | ask.fm/theneedledrop entp 5 they're all xsfps . entj 8w7 . i see no si in him whatsoever , but a good amount of se . te-dom is obvious . the part where the documentary shows foley getting thrown off the cell and has current superstars talking about where they were when they saw it gives me chills . foley is the fucking man . such an interesting man . i'm going with enfp but i'm not sure about the enneagram . i can see a lot of 7 in him when i look at the choices he's made during his career but 6 makes sense too . 7w6 or 6w7 ... thanks for the heads up . i've never actually known a confirmed 2w1 so i probably have a skewed idea of what they're like . his television character is probably 2w1 though based off what you said . esfj 2w1 i agree with 3w2 for his enneagram . not sure about mbti . not nearly enough information but it sounds like : a - entp b - istj c - esfp a closed minded enfp ? that's not something you come across every day . chris jericho the character : entp chris jericho the man : estp sounds about right , yeah . intj 8w9 isfp 4w3 very liberal . i doubt there are many conservative infps . intps do not have se . they have the same perceiving functions we do . ne / si . seems highly unlikely . how would you have developed all of those functions in such a short time ? thankfully i've evaded all evil mastermind overlords so far in this lifetime . the intj self-congratulatory i'm an evil mastermind stuff is quite funny . not all of you do it and some of you are only joking about it , but when an intj says stuff like this and is serious about ... fair enough . it was just that isfj was never a type i had considered for him and i noticed it's your type as well so something felt off about it to me . i see a lot of projecting happening when people ... you're clearly projecting your own type onto him because you're a fan and maybe in some way relate to the character . robin - entj , seems introverted but is definitely a te-dom starfire - enfp raven - infj cyborg - istp beast boy - esfp terra - estp what type are you ? nah . i'd elaborate but it was nothing more than a guess . it wasn't an actual typing because i don't think you can accurately type people based off of appearance . you just look like an infj i used to ... infj that's ridiculous . you can't strip away several of his defining personality traits and chalk them up to narcissism so he fits your typing . if you can do that , then i could probably find a way to type ... i like your site quite a bit and check it every now and then but there are a few huge mistypings on there . the one that bugs me the most is your mistyping of kanye west as an isfj because i am ... i suppose i was raised a christian . i was always told that there's a god and my mother followed the christian bible and all of that but i was never an active church goer and religion never really had ... i engulf my food . '