' if you're worried about coming across as a sociopath ; you're probably not . some people don't like the idea of a spectrum either , because not all nonbinary people identify as being ' between ' genders or ' half man , half woman ' - as a spectrum might suggest . if you are attracted to binary trans people ( i . e . people who are transgender and identify as either men or women ) , then your orientation can be described just like it would be if you were attracted ... have you asked her why it bothered her ? yeah , i'm an extremely organised p . i thought i was intj for ages because all the tests put me as a j based on my answers about being organised and whatnot . i think it's because ti is my primary , ... i'm from the uk . my family all originate from the east end of london , so they mostly have a standard ' cockney ' accent . i was brought up in london as a young kid , but then we moved towards the ... it's not about behaviour ; it's about attraction . it's not a choice ; it's innate . this conversation is becoming difficult for me . it's clear that we're never going to agree about this . i hope you can become more comfortable with the fact that others have different but equally ... you seem to be unable to separate your own views from everyone else's . it's totally cool if you feel that you would be incompatible in a romantic / sexual relationship with an allosexual person ... what makes someone's personality more inherent than their appearance ? if you've ever thought i don't like their personality so i'd rather not hang out with them , then you have been just as ... the way you seem to be implying the demisexuality is superior or correct makes me very uncomfortable , and it's quite hard for me to take any of your post seriously when you're expressing such an ... i think maybe you are misunderstanding the definition of demisexuality . it's not about behaviour : you can have lots of casual sex or be completely celibate and still be demisexual . it's about ... there's nothing to research . it has no supporting evidence and no attempt to explain * how * constellations are supposed to impact personality . i generally give up trying to learn about things when ... ( * asperger's ) what about it ? anyway , in the dsm asperger's has been merged with autism and pdd-nos into autistic spectrum disorder . there is no ' autistic type ' . just like there is no ' neurotypical type ' . autistic people are just as varied as non-autistic people , and can be of any type . not sure if you're kidding ? but no , that's not the difference . the definitions are very similar are the differences are pretty much defined by the individuals who choose to use those words . i think you ought to realise that becoming more promiscuous when under the influence of drugs does not make you a ' full-blown queer ' . i'd disagree . gender is relevant far more often than sex . your gender defines which titles , pronouns , and other words people should use to refer to you . it defines the way you should be grouped with ... i quoted you with that answer on the last page , perhaps you didn't get the notification ? the language makes it confusing if people don't specify whether they are talking about gender or sex ( which ... what's relevant is what sexual orientation is about . your orientation is about which gender / s you are attracted to . generally you don't have to [ see someone's genitals / do a chromosome analysis / blood ... maybe asexual people are more likely to be interested in a thread about sexuality ? the five factors : - chromosomes . - sex hormones . - gonads ( the organs that produce gametes - ovaries / testes ) . - internal reproductive anatomy ( i . e . uterus ) . - external genitalia . i'm not sure ... gender =/ = sex . not to mention that biological sex is determined by five separate characteristics which can overlap in a myriad of different ways . asexual . and i don't really understand gender , so i'd call myself neutral or agender . i know this is a joke , but i've never understood why people claim that female-bodied people don't have an adam's apple - it's just the larynx . everyone has it , some are just more prominent . : confused : yes , the two are indistinguishable for the majority of the population . but for the minority for whom they are not indistinguishable , gender is far more relevant . but the only reason i can think of for wanting to know someone's gender ( or to know their sex , if you then assume their gender is the same ) , is to know how to refer to them with pronouns and titles ... why would the website need to know your sex ? surely your gender is more relevant because it ( generally ) defines which pronouns / titles / etc you use ? what would you say is the different between female / feminine and male / masculine ? interested that so many people are posting that femininity ( or gender in general ) is a societal construct and has no real definition - and yet people are still comfortably displaying their gender on ... i seem to be one of the first people in this thread to openly admit that i am definitely not good at reading people . i have trouble working out why people seem to be doing things or knowing their ... i hope our reaction was satisfying to you . ? ? ? also laci green isn't a drag queen . i'm assuming it's supposed to be an insult disguised as a joke . i guess not sure hasn't learnt anything from this after all ? i'm actually going to copy-paste something i posted on tumblr just the other day : an overview of how i relate to my type , in reponse to a question about hobbies and general type identity . hope you ... sometimes there's a problem with mbti definitions and cognitive function definitions . under the cognitive functions , i am absolutely certain that i am an intp . the problem is that the mbti ... i disagree with this . i think it's oversimplified . i'm an intp who definitely prefers closure , plans , and definite decisions . those things are not incompatible with being a ti-ne user . i'm actually really organised . i'm good at remembering things and knowing where things are . i thought i was intj for ages for that reason , but i concluded that i just have an unusual ability to use ... throughout my life i've gone through long phases ( several months to several years ) of sometimes dreaming ( or at least , remembering my dreams ) every night , other times almost never . currently i'm in ... i think you could be onto something there . it seems like not sure may fall into your category of having a low connection but slightly positive . i'd describe myself as a very low connection but ... no problem at all . it's a very interesting discussion and i look forward to hearing more of your thoughts . i think i understand where you're coming from . i'll try my best to explain my thoughts . this is how i perceived your description of your identity / feelings towards gender and sex . i may have ... hmm . this is kind of a difficult question to answer , because generally it's not specific major things , but just loads of really small things which all add up . but i'll give it a try . but first , ... metaplanar i relate to loads of what you said . especially about asexuality being related to gender . i sort of feel like i'm a non-sexual being and so being devoid of gender assumptions matches ... i think another reason this is a confusing topic is that gender is - by definition - a completely individual and personal experience . everyone feels differently about it . there are people like monemi ... it's good that there are people like you ( and many others on this thread ) who are happy to identify as female , and behave out-of-synch with feminine roles and stereotypes - it's true that you are ... i have genuinely lost count of the number of times i've explained this now . sex is physical . gender is psychological . so your sex is female because you have a vagina , and will almost certainly remain ... why the fuck are you so obsessed with genitals ? how many times do i have to tell you that genitals do not define gender . knowing what genitals someone has doesn't achieve anything for getting their ... you are absolutely not within your right to refer to someone based on the sex that you assume them to be . it is not your right to assume someone's sex , and it is not your fucking right to define ... you've made the same mistake you've made so many times in this thread : equating sex and gender when they are completely separate . a person who identifies as male is a man , not a woman . they just have ... yes , it would be great . a few points , though : 1 . just because someone prefers the pronouns not associated with their assigned-at-birth sex , doesn't mean they aren't normal . being trans * is just ... '