i'm only about 4 episodes in and i see her as a exxp for sure . how did you come to enfp ? don't worry about spoilers , i love spoilers . probably too soon to put it up since the weekend isn't even over with but making one nonetheless . very interested in the types of john blake , miranda tate , bane , and selina . did they movie ... yeah , i do see britney as a isfp , albeit a unhealthy one . rihanna on the other hand strikes me as some sort of xstp . beyonce is insanely driven and focused ( not saying all types can't be driven , etc ... i think asami is a esfp or isfp . nightcrawler gets typed infp . i've started reading winter soldier and i'm interested in knowing bucky barnes type and even black widow's . also can anyone type spiderwoman ( jessica drew ) ? . i do think zachary levi is an enfp , so i feel you are right about the meshing . flynn seems extp to me . sometimes i see estp , sometimes i see entp . i even thought he was introverted for a while , ... for some reason i see bradley as a esfp or estp , bale is some ixtx type . black widow - ixtj iron man - entp , can also see someone saying estp captain america - isfj thor - estp unsure about these : hawkeye - istp loki - xntj , he's definitely a nt bruce / hulk - ... i think lemon is an estj and wade maybe a istp or estp , but i'm having trouble with zoe , george , and levon . omg that would never end . i wants it ! * evil cackle * pinkie pie defies all logic . :P the writers write her as either esfp or enfp , whichever fits the plot of the episode . she's really just exfp . she defies mbti , because she is pinkie pie . korra - estp mako - ixtj bolin - esfp tenzin - istj tenzin's children a . k . a . the little scene stealers : jinora - ixxj ikki - exxp meelo - exxp has anyone typed princess jellyfish ? i don't see her as introverted and enfp fits well . makes me wonder what type kristen wiig is . red / ruby - i can still see istp , but after learning of her back story i can see isfp as well . i loved this show ! ! thanks for making a thread for this . do you think kyle's father is a istj ? yeah istp , maybe even estp . how is snooki intuitive ? my dad is a major fan and he talks about parker and his family all the time . i've seen bits of it , but only parker's parts . i do see him as an introvert and a thinker from what i've seen . the way my ... hugo - ixfp , leaning a bit more towards isfp isabelle - xnfj georges - i want to say entp , but that just doesn't feel right . inspector gustave - istj or istp mama jeanne - isfj lisette - isfp or ... eustace : estj ( both in movie and books ) reepicheep : esfp no clue on caspian , though in the books he's intuitive . i agree , but i'd still love to read your reasons . also any early guesses on belle's type i love that you typed some of the supporting cast , like big mac and cheerilee . thank you . =D i'm thinking some sort of xnfj . i think you're pushing the extroverted thing too hard to be honest . i respect and agree with you to a certain point , but it's almost like you're tunning out anyone ... there's a thread for it right here . http://personalitycafe.com/guess-type/70281-downton-abbey.html love your artemis icon ! vinny - yeah i can see isfp for him . snooki - esfp deena - esfp jenni - istx sam - isfj ronnie - estx mike - estp pauly - exfp can anyone type jaina solo , mara jade skywalker , tenel ka djo , and jagged fel ? joy behar - estp elisabeth hasslebeck - i'm certain she's some sort of sj . sherri shephard - esfx the jedi exile from kotor 2 . you're awesome . that is all . also is this comic based or from the animated series ? i'm thinking comics because of zatanna , but ya never know . :) i think batman is intj . he's a seriously ... loved this movie ! ! ! * coughs * yeah , i can see doc as an entp . * nods * charming jacka * * es are my kryptonite . i wanna say jo is an enfp , she was matched perfectly with wyatt's ... * nods * me too . agreeing with this as well . that was a funny movie . nothing to disagree with , though eliza usually plays her type ( estp ) more than she doesn't . off topic : this has got me wondering what enneagram type zooey is , she usually ... has anyone typed fairy tail ? frank - extp fiona - esfj ? i wanna say 2w1 or 1w2 lip - i wanna say entp but that doesn't really seem right . ian - isfp ? debbie - enfp carl - psycho , a 9 yr old psycho veronica - estj kev - ... tessa - i think infp or intp . infj could also work . i feel she's definitely an intuitive , a intuitive surrounded by extreme sensors . george ( tessa's dad ) - istj or istp . he could be introverted ... 28913 made my bad day good . * high fives * i always got a estp vibe from him , then again he does play a lot of estps . yeah , i relate to her ( suspected bipolar , enneagram 4 for starters ) but i can see her as an infj . i mean she's an nf so naturally i'd feel she's a kindred spirit . ixfx ? i like how she wore her sunglasses because she was so shy . wiki page aaliyah - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aCz2mLcqLOY me too . i was like i do not have in me to do that but i'll be in the corner cheerleading and lmao while an estp does . the most important friends i've ever had , for bad or good , have been estps . i give her props for making up the stripper nikita story . that made me chuckle . i lean more towards estp than istp . they showed a scarlett one tonight as well and scarlett seemed very istp , but when ... i was just watching a biography special on her ! i definitely got xstp vibes from her . just really hoping he's not a infp . * hold up banner saying : do not want ! * i tend to agree with the esfj or enfj typings . i don't agree with an enfp typing i saw her get . her husband maybe , but not her . kind of wondering about ben's type too and if their types compliment it ... lol this is so true ! like she probably had to talk him into it or bargain something . you know that moment when you get really geeky and giddy when someone you adore and relate to so much is the same personality type as yourself - i'm having that moment . i knew she was some kind of ... started watching this show a month ago and loved it . forgive the sensor overload , but the show feels sensor heavy to me . jane kerkovich-williams : istj alex kerkovich - es ? ? dave rose - i ? ? p ...