' liberal arts is stupid . get an engineering or math degree . if you don't mind mental masturbation and living with your parents then get a liberal arts degree interesting haha , he's insane , go find a new one ... i get extremely uncomfortable telling my feelings to someone i care about to their face . i could text message i love you all day long , but in person i really have to love that individual and ... i had the same conversation , but my friends at the time were like wtf so it ended quickly until i began talking to myself , eventually determining genetics most likely allows all the colors to be ... do what's uncomfortable . people generally regard me as insane and aloof and completely unable to perceive the effects of my actions . after they get to know me , or i help them they always manage to call me wise , usually like ... my parents were never around , it was awesome , now that im older , they try to be involved , you know my mother actually tells me to clean my plate when we are eating in the same room together , i'm 26 ... 32 on act , 1190 on sat after staying up all night the night before the test listening to my parent's marriage fall asleep . i almost took it again , knowing if i could be well rested i could get ... the money thing isn't really an issue per se , it's just the process of paying down my debt will take mildly longer . i dunno , i do need to find a job that i enjoy and as an engineer it shouldn't be ... yes i will regret it much no the money back isn't worth the regret haha good point , i've slept on couches for months at a time before its not out of the question :) i also agree with ... it wouldn't be a full refund , but more than enough to be worth it . i am sure i can keep this job indefinitely , getting a job that pays more , i guess thats doable , i spent like 6 months applying to ... no i'm not speaking about my lifestyle being too expensive . i am a chemical engineer with the us army , its mind-numbingly boring and i want to shoot myself most days . i see your point as far as ... so like all , ok not all but many , entps i suck donkey balls when it comes to money . i've been living with my aunt rent free for a year now ( yay ? ) only stipulation was i help her out , she has ... no , she sounds needy but shes young , i never needed my parents around , probably bc they weren't , and i always explored , but all babies do that , they're new . my mom did tell me stories of me just ... its ok , im still awesome . i was drugged , apparently i was a great sleeper . afterwards my mother was afraid child protection services would come to take me away because of all the bones i broke and wounds i got . i remember , ... my time means more to me than my money , if i want it i buy it . why thank you :) fitting . truly truly . i had a friend who i thought i could count on , i kept telling her i was going to come to egypt for 3 weeks , told her the time frame i would do it because of pto and money . ... i dont try to type people , but i use my experience to predict their thoughts and actions . so far so good . doubt its 100 % never is , but i can't remember a time where i completely fucked up . also ... hey there cutie , want to share opinions later on ? * wink * * wink * extroversion 78 % orderliness 28 % emotional stability 70 % accommodation 42 % inquisitiveness 82 % scuei extroversion 78 % orderliness 28 % emotional stability | 70 % ... http://troll.me/images/jackie-chan-whut/what-the-fuck-is-this.jpg how many entps are gay ? how many women are in the world ? how many entps are too lame to say hi to a girl ? i rest my case , i'll take 2 . i was abused much of my childhood , so i am quite the feeler , i don't know i might even be enfp at heart , but given my ice cold demeanor in most situations i act like an entp . my empathy knows no ... i got a bs in biochemical engineering ... it took me 4 years to make it through the bullshit fluff that generally takes everyone else 3-4 semesters , or 1.5 to 2 years , to get through . i switched ... a new job that i desire . otherwise a hug is fine . big tits only , male or female . i believe in god , unfortunately , i'm really bad at following rules . yeah use a calculator . also mine is hella good . yes ma'am , ill try . thats because its the internet . no one ever appreciates me unzipping my pants in public . * unzips pants * hehe * pulls out a rabbit * does this make you uncomfortable , how magical i am ? it was kind of like this : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MvVKvEcXsAE guess i will cut back on coffee well thats awkward , don't you feel confined having a natural state of awkwardness ? i bet you were feeling awkward , sort of giggling , going with the flow . thats what you look like . i fucking hate when you infps ignore me , i'm all like idgieyfviuefvifegedfiedgfipwgfwpifgepifgdig 3294629472 9742745 29 ! ! @ # @ # @ ) # ( @ ) ( # & @ and you'll go * blink * * blink * and i'm like what the ... glad you decided to move on :) my ex was the same way , even after sitting down with her and specifically pulling dates and times and events out to make my point she still stuck to her position , thats ... http://nastyhobbit.org/data/media/1/powerfap.jpg what a thread . cut and run , holy fcuk . i dated a girl like him , complete psycho . i'd rehash shit but you know whats up . seriously , gtfo . if you don't i will break your legs . omg don't make me do it , i'll do it ... huh ? 10char well if i have to explain it that kills all the fun ... but i really felt like we connected after you thanked me on my post , and then replied ... sighhh ... amazing facebook link ? no ! well there are different levels of maturity . on a scale of 1 to 10 , 10 being most mature , i'm about a 3 when it comes to wimmins awww i'll answer this . behold : what do you look for in a girl ? for a relationship , i mean . intellectual stimulation , anyone who says i can't do something pisses me off , huge turn off , if i like you , ... i like money because it gives us freedom . i prefer freedom over money , but they're synonymous at this point in time . want to learn arabic and it's just about the center of the world which is perfect for my castle when i rule the world . well i almost got fired for the reasons listed sbove . i decided if i got fired i'd take my last paycheck and go to egypt / gaza strip , but hasn't happened yet . still employed , doing amazing shit , ... '