' ah . i saw my sweet daughter last sunday . she showed up at a family function . she knew i would be there . i took to heart all i read on this thread and treated her according to her needs as a intj ... my mother was / is estj gone wrong . she has been diagnosed with a mental illness ... but at 45 i still don't buy it . the beginning and end of her problems seems to me to be the fact that she absolutely ... omg ... i can't stop laughing . ... ah ... wiping tear from eye ... how could anybody deny you their veggies ? stay in the garden and play all day nt joy kill ... it stops it stops ... ; 0 ) ) its kinda weird when you poke around on a man's abdomen and do not feel anything ... no ovaries , no uterus ... just muscle ( if your lucky ladies ;o) .. and an occasional hernia . yikes that must hurt ! here baby .. i'll open my gates and let you in ; 0 ) dear annoying .. mous , your such a child . really ? you think you know something about me ? yuo think you got it all figured out . . . brilliant . i do respect that it only took one bite to get you to ... i have random fears too .. 74464 hey the dc you could eat my veggies : wink : blush .. thanks .. famous enfpsenfp champion | oddly developed types real people adolf hitler - fuhrer of the third reich , initiator of wwii , mass murderer . ( note : hitler is often mistyped as an infj . at the ... wow ! sounds like you got it all figured out . impressive . as always . you contribute plenty to consider . thanks again for sharing . ;o) and what a reliefe that must be ! who would want to live with that kind of crazy ? im optimistic that you are right if such a diety did exsist it he she shit .. would make it worth pretending it ... hug . hug hug ... big big big hug ... not sure what an irl hug is though omg .. your post made me cry . i ' ve never watched the movie because i've been waiting on my intp lover and i to have time and sit down . the clip i saw was the one you mentioned . that is how my intp ... i asked this question based on a study i read online . frankly i found it infuriating as an f and a believer . they concluded that f feelers are more likely to believe than the thinkers errr . ... g0 back and read what i said . i didn't say that enfp's are inclined to be optimistic about god . or that they need god to be optimistic . ;o) sorry it took me a while to get back to your question . i didn't say that i thought optimism is based on a belief or faith in god . i asked what you anchor your optimism to ... : happy : thank you ! that is exactly how it is . i can be mature if i need to be .. but i don't have a stick permanantly wedged up my hind end either . i can show you how to have a good time .. if you would ... run melbel run ! ! ! perhaps your right . i'll consider that . thanks for sharing . : wink : melbel ... over here ! 7309973100 cool hu . the house whos porch i was scrubbing was just as eeerrie and cool ... i remember the ash was a greesy green film on the porch .. this motel was to my back ... http://youtu.be/E2VCwBzGdPM hey guys lots of interesting thoughts here . i see strong enfp's in hitler after reading mein kampf .. anybody here read that before . several things stuck out at me . first was that everything no ... hug back and another one just because your so sweet . lololo they have looked up and down about 12 times since i first started this thread ! thank you for your warmth and encouragment . i just left ... aside from the few injts that replied with helpful resources and information and to whom i am greatful . the rest of the intj's have revealed to me and those who know me , my daughter and our history , ... 1 sigh ... now my dark depressed intp boyfriend is coming to drag me away .. i had fun guys . thanks and i'll be back soon . people really care ? that's good to know . bye guys .. and she bounces out ... and infj ? really ? oh and you ment it ? really ? you are soo sweet . you give more sweetness than i feel we deserve . but i like you too and i really love that you tried and succeeded in cheering me ... god i love you . youre my new bff .. wait i'll be back .. i gotta go get some of my own wine ;) and .. while these things probably distracted from me realizing ... what a wonderful friend she was and is now .. its our own short comings in not appreciating the steadfastness of a true ... the most loyal true blue friend i have was the isfj i met when i was 18 . i am now 44 and only starting to apreciate what an amazing friend she has been to me . i would have noticed before but .. well i ... okay . you cheered me up cause i sense the above is dripping with sarcasim and i love that almost as much as snuggles but i cannot be sure . i haven't gotten to the infj's yet on my quest to ... gasp ! now way .. i know ! ! the whole holocaust thing was without question . dead evil . no doubt . and i am no hitler defender .. note again . this is in no way an opening to an eventual defense of ... really ! wanna snuggle ? ? ? ;o) lol ! i'm never quite sure why i am depressed when i get this way ! i just know i need to reconnect to a human and i am really sad because the humans around me that i love seem .. unconnectable right ... [ quote = octaviawhooves ; 3752338 ] honestly , i allways feel like this and refuse to believe that there is such a thing as pure evil ( although i am willingly dragged by the drama in stories and such ) ... [ quote = octaviawhooves ; 3752338 ] honestly , i allways feel like this and refuse to believe that there is such a thing as pure evil ( although i am willingly dragged by the drama in stories and such ) ... challenge my authenticity and sincerety in any way shape or forum and watch the door close behind me . oh you think im a fake ? im not sincere ? your statements reveal more about you than come ... sigh .. im alone ! ! ! waaa ! how pitiful is this ? im replying to my own post .. im all alone ... there's no one here to ride me .. my problems have all flown there's no one here to guide me ... but you ... being enfp is not always easy and bright rays of sunshine . when i was younger i suffered the disalusionment and shock of realizing what ? not everybody loves everybody ? and you don't love me ? ... i am posting from a cell phone . not sure how this will turn out . thank you for the song . you are very sweet and your posts are encouraging . i do want to clarify one thing however . i do not blame my ... i sense this may be true of cyn too but it is hard to be certain . i am sure she is also is responding to some very deep wounds too . however ! after reading all the posts i am confident of ... thank you all for your insight and precise honesty . all the comments are more helpful than i can explain in a short little post . ; 0 ) ) 1 no the problems stem from a very bad past for all of us and from personality conflicts now . after reading the post's here from other intj's i am confident she will return and when she does i ... lololol ... that is exactly how i eventually did respond . after i lightened up a bit . we would laugh . are you that little fly that was on the wall :o) p.s.joan crawford . on this thread ... love it > it was my intj daughter that lead her younger sisters to adress me as mommy dearest and retort with yes mommy dearest after every instruction i ... lolol ... i had to check your type after reading your words . no intj would ever say that . the start threads with captions like . i hate being around enfps . your an intp ! ! ! of course you would have ... oi ... you sound like my intp boyfriend '