' i'm always interested in anything geographic and cultural based :D i have no idea where i'd go to visit in germany , but i have no money or friends anyways , so it'll probably take a few years . lol ... so you're russ-erman ! do you remember much from russia ? first of all , i want to thank the crap out of you for that post . i love learning about stuff like this ! but it's not every day i talk to ... lol no one's gunnar tell you what you can and can't talk about in your own intro thread ! but yeah pm might be more convenient . hurry up and get to 15 posts if you aren't there yet ! it seems like ... oooh ! i love new anime suggestions ! i'd look them up now if i didn't have to go to work . :d ry : 10 lashes of the whip ! ? they'd probably sensor that too . also that reminded me of ... 179242 i'm surprised that he can actually keep a story going without forgetting past things he said . there's a surprising amount of order in his stories . i'm sure his brother helped with the story lines . by ... hello , and welcome ! as yippy stated , there are forums for each type and probably a thousand topics within them . so enjoy your time here ; there's plenty to do ! :D hello yuuna ! you'll find plenty of people here who will understand what you're going through : kitten : i'm infj , so we're not that different . also you'll find plenty of people who watch anime on here ... yeah , i'll be excited to go back to it , but sankarea is holding my attention pretty well right now . i like a lot of gore though , and sankarea manga and anime censor it . what gives ! lol it's not ... i have been reading on here about people getting everyone around them to take mbti tests and getting them all into the personality hype . like you , nobody around me cares to even know what these ... i started reading the beelzebub manga first , and then started watching the anime , but i get sidetracked easily while reading manga , so i'm currently reading sankarea as well . i'll go back to ... hello ! welcome to the forum ! after i read your intro , i attempted to go back and figure out your mbti type ... i'm not so good at it :P you sounded like me in some parts , where you learned about ... 1 . before you came to this ' ere site - were you happy with your life ? did you think you were happy , but on reflection , probably weren't ? where would you be now if you hadn't discovered mbti ? i was ... hello gabriel ! i hope you learn everything you've ever wanted to know about personality on here ! i'm sure there's some stuff we might not know , but ask us anything . we're all here to learn about ... hello ! welcome to the forum , even though you might have more posts than i do , so i can see you're not exactly new to this . you seem to have a fulfilled life thus far in your schoolings ! also i ... hello ! welcome to the forums ! i found this site while trying to search for other stuff , but i get easily sidetracked ... then i kinda stalked it as a guest for a while . it's nice to be a member ... hello ! i'm an infj too . i took a test to see what i was in some class in high school , but i never really paid any attention to it . i just figured it was a homework assignment .. then i took it again a ... hello ! i'm kori ! i'm 22 and i'm also an infj - what is the best album or song you bought ( or stole haha ... ) in 2104 ? - i actually don't remember any albums i bought this year ! i'm forgetful . :( or ... i learned a little german one summer , but mostly just how to read it , but not really how to form sentences . then i took spanish for a few years ... then i moved to learning polish with rosetta stone ... hello ! i joined to learn more about myself and socialize with other infj's to see how we converse . ( i'm infj by the way ) and i guess just to learn about all of the other personality types ! oooh , infj here . nice to meet you ! hello andy and / or kylen ! lol music is good ! do you know your personality type yet ? : o welcome ! i'm a 5 and an infj . nice to meet you ! perhaps i could learn german : o also , is that axe cop in your avatar ? almost neutral on all besides n ? that probably makes it hard to do the tests hello and welcome to the forum ! i'm actually quite afraid of taxidermy : shocked : mostly the eyes .. lol but anywho , most of us here are probably pretty standoffish in real life . i'm quite silly ... hello ! i'm a liberal , but i'll look past that to welcome you to the forum ! : happy : hello john ! i'm kori ! i'm pretty sure most of us here started as lurkers . what's your personality type ? hello ! and welcome from an infj ! also i laughed quietly in my head at your avatar , then read that you hoped it made people smile on here . it did ! :D lol ! i love cool battle scenes ! but i hate cleaning . you can come over and do that if you want ! i'm infj , by the way . also , welcome ! :D i had to look up some infj personality stuff , cause i kinda forgot what i didn't agree with . lol : o because the infj has such strong intuitive capabilities , they trust their own instincts above ... hello and welcome ! you're intro made me want chocolate milk and tea , so i guess i will have to get up soon and make some tea . i'm infj by the way . i hope you figure out your type soon ! welcome ! i understand the music part , where you say you'd rather write and teach songs than doing gigs . i've been playing piano for 16 years ( since i was 6 ) and i play music only for myself . i ... hello mel ! and welcome ! i'm infj too ! almost everything about infj's describes me , but every once in a while i read something about infj's that don't really pertain to me , so questioning the type you ... i wouldn't know , because i'm infj ... :( but i hope you find what you're looking for ! ! and welcome ! another fellow infj here ! hello and welcome ! stupid shit is what kids love ! ! i hope i don't have a son when i'm older , cause i'm not sure i can handle all of the stupid shit he might get into . i guess girls do it too , but whatever ! ! D: yeah , ... haha nooo , he's badass . i'm not sure if he still looks like his old gerard way self , but i'm too lazy to google : sad : gerard way , huh ? i've never gotten that before : laughing : he's pretty awesome though , so that's fine with me ! : cool : i have no idea what's been scaring me so much lately ! probably karma because i always make fun of my mom for being such a scaredy cat . mmm ... i buy veggie and fruit trays constantly . lol a lot ... lol yeah , i haven't been outside of north america , and i live in a place where tourists wouldn't want to visit . sooo , italo-americans is all i can come by . there are plenty of them though ! i had a ... lol i hate being scared ! i'm not easy to scare either , but lately i've been screaming my head off when people pop up behind me . where do you work ? at first , it was weird having an infj friend ... for some reason , japanese gore always seems to be the best . have you ever listened to dir en grey ? their music videos are pretty messed up and awesome . i haven't listened to them in forever though , ... i'm terrible at keeping up with the hit books and movies and stuff . i'm usually geeking out somewhere else . the gore is what makes the movie ! ! i hate loud noises . i hate fireworks because of that ... my coworker's life revolved around embarrassing me during work ! he usually asked deep and probing , and usually inappropriate questions when we worked together . he was too attractive and funny to take ... i'm pretty sure i fell asleep during the second one . then hunger games came out and i refused to read it or watch it because fellow battle royale fans were not impressed . maybe i should read it ... i do think i sound annoying when i get chatty and my coworkers get kind of scared that i'm talking so much . i don't care though . when i get in those moods , everyone tells me that i'm funny because my ... i looove battle royale . if there was a word that i could use that's stronger than love , i would use it . i hated the second movie though . i see attack on titan all the time , but i never ... haha thanks ! you're awesome too ! that's how i am at work too . i get really meh about everything when i know i have to deal with the general public . when they would let me work in a back room or ... isn't it that infj's aren't very good with vocally expressing themselves , but they will write it out ? i personally like the fact that i can write my thoughts out and edit them . i can rethink my ... hihi ! i love hiking too ! but i don't have any one to hike with . : unsure : '