' i love watching horror movies with friends , but they are never really that interested in doing so , and i don't really find an interest in watching it alone either . i do also enjoy hearing about ... hey , welcome ! i hope you'll find this place helpful . i agree with some of your statements actually , though i'm not as determined and sure of my opinions yet . :) as an infp i feel pretty much the same way . if i try to make eye contact i really do have to force it . yeah , of course , i'll work on it straight away , i don't procrastinate . and yeah , expect me to be on time on our date , or you know what , i'll probs be there 15 minutes before , just in case . i walk in a moderate or high speed i assume ( if i'm not looking at something that catches my attention , like last night when i was staring at the night sky ) . my steps are medium lenght i think . i ... hello , enfj's ! i'm trying to type my bestfriend . i think she might be an enfj , but i'm not quite sure yet . let me know if your recognize yourself : - very random ( humorous ) - a bit of a prankster ... aha , that made sense and was quite helpful . i got into mbti some months ago , but didn't look much into it . i'm starting to get it now i think . i'm pretty sure i'm an infp , a very social infp i guess ... as in what's get me angry ? i'm quite sensitive and i've always tried to please everyone . i'm very adaptive outside home . i hate conflicts and try to stay objective unless i'm involved myself , which ... thanks for your input . i'm not that knowlegdeable about every function , and i didn't describe every aspect of myself here . however , i'm not that comfortable with sharing thoughts and opinions with ... well , i'm wondering about the same thing myself and can't really tell . you sound like an infp to me though , but it doesn't make me sure about myself . to use this week as an example : i've been out ... tests usually sort me as an infp . however there's a small difference in percentage between the extraverted part and the introverted one , it's almost 50/50 . the thing is that i've got som symptoms of ... http://youtu.be/a4Fv98jttYA sent from my iphone using tapatalk autumn for sure ^ ^ sent from my iphone using tapatalk i relate to what you're saying . i don't have a big group of friends and i haven't found it that necesarry . i live in a small town though , and i've had the same group of friends since i was little ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1cQh1ccqu8M http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3G1PFLuTrgM i was very shy , but very confident with my closest family . i was easily hurt . with other shy friends i enjoyed being the leader , but when i was with outgoing types / leader types i followed them and ... i realise i'm not very detailed here . i guess i don't want to make your intj tread all about my story . well , actually , you hit the nail on the head . the male had actually been drinking . that's why ... if we have brownies we need vanilla icecream too . here it is . : kitteh : thanks ! that actually made me realise that she dislikes him from before too , hah . however , she's got a real reason to be angry with him now . thanks again ! thank you ! she won't be that mature in the beginning of the story . i guess i need her to really notice this male's flaws ... thanks ! i'll keep that in mind . :) hey , this was very useful . it's quite different from how i'd act myself and therefore something that i need to remember when i write . i might do that outburst as part of her character development ... thank you ! i know you all react differently , but i want a general idea about it so that i can form a pattern in my character . and i will look into her enneagram type too . i like your answer about ... 87759 do i look infpish , or ? people ! ! seems like we've found some ! * bow * hm , it was not on purpose . he did something stupid , which ended up in an ( car ) accident . i'd say that girl who was in the car wasn't totally innocent herself , but the one that's angry blame ... well , it's an estp male who find a girl interesting . she is angry because he's wounded her bestfriend . he tries to talk to her , but she ignores him . how would you act ? would you care ? hi ! i agree with you . finding people here is ... difficult . i hope it's just because we're newbies , haha yeah , but it's a long process ( it's a book ) . also , i'm writing in norwegian . i'll probably be able to translate some of it though , and it could be helpful to get some feedback ^ ^ hello , guys ! i did a test for one of my characters in a story i'm writing . he seems to be an estp . i'm far from an estp myself , so i have some questions . how do you , estps , react when someone is ... thank you ! that was very helpful for me . i think i'm doing it right ! when it comes to the injustice , i could say that she's angry because what the guy did in stupidity wounded her bestfriend ... * stare * no , but seriously , welcome . i'm new and i'm still figuring this out as well . * makes coffee * please , someone : kitteh : hello , intjs ! i'm writing a story in which one of my characters is most likely to be an intj . i answered a test for her . like , i know how she thinks , i just need to make sure it's consistent ! i'm ... accommodating happiest when giving to others , not self absorbed , wants to carry on traditions of family , not materialistic , modest , serves others , not domineering , overly loyal , not competitive , ... hi ! i need some help to find out whether i've typed myself correctly . i feel like an infp and relate to everything which describes this type , but i'm not 100 % sure ... i'm not that into mbti yet . ... constantly feeling that way . it's called derealization . i can be because of anxiety . i'm not sure if that's what you guys mean though . do you guys just think that way , or do you actually feel it ? loved the video , haha and your dog * . * also , swedish meatballs are better than the norwegian versions , ok hey ! i'm new too and also an infp . nice to meet you ! : kitteh : thank you ! that's helpful : happy : hello , everyone ! i'm 18 - year-old girl from norway . i'm new to these forums and to be honest i have no idea how things actually work here : confused : and yeah , i'm an infp : happy : '