i know 3 other infj's and they all live close to me . i believe that infj's are the rarest type , but that is not to say that we are like gold dust . there are plenty of us in the world . i had this situation the other day . i just told somebody that i had to go to make a phone call . a simple pleasure always seems to lift my spirits such as my favourite movie , playing my favourite video game or listening to some good music . know what he likes and and try to do it together . i felt free . i didn't think as much as i do now . i was always staying in a lot , enjoying my own company and playing video games . i didn't care to hang out with friends like most people my age ... ah , that may mean cookies to you folk across the pond . chocolate digestive cookies , no ? dipping chocolate biscuits in tomato sauce . i go out alone most of the time and i love it . it means i can stay out longer and not get tired due to excess external stimuli . and there is the fact that i don't have to compromise about what i want ... this really only happens when i am in my shadow side , the estp . i am the same as you in regards to this topic . i have something framed in a box frame that has come undone . it's still on my wall , i just need to fix it . i'll do it in , like , 6 months or a year or something . it annoys me whenever i look at it ... dear fellow infjs i would like to know some more about you :) do you smoke ? i used to . i quit in 2010 . what are your drinkings habits ? wine , beer ? again , i used to drink alcohol . i quit ... older people . i prefer it because they are wiser and i can have serious conversations . i think the universe has a plan for us so i do think our future is pre-destined . but i also think we can choose the way in which we reach certain destination points , which is where we have our free ... we all suffer from intrusive thoughts but most of us disregard them . it is a normal thing . i did once struggle with them because i used to hang on to them and ruminate why i was having them until ... it is a sad world we live in when we value money over lives . sorry to hear of your circumstances , rebecca . this planet is shallow . hate them . i think arrogance contributing to somebody being a douchebag isn't that valid a reason . i personally believe you can be arrogant ... if you have earned it ! as for an infj being a douchebag , if ... i don't think i will ever fully understand why t is obnoxious . judging by your opening sentences , it seems that a build up of recent events have influenced your state of mind . this has happened to me , also . i would encourage you to seek self reflection and ... thanks for your post , paragonight . right now i feel i will get no benefit from a friendship with her at this point in time . it will only bring me misery . i have composed a message which i will ... thanks people . i've slept on it and agree with you all . i guess a fresh start will be coming up . some of you may remember that i was turned down by a girl i liked a couple of months ago . we continued to be friends but tonight she and a male acquaintance of mine began getting intimate in front of ... yes , i'm very sensitive to touch . even somebody just handing me change after i buy something can just ... go through me . i may be wrong but i think it's when ni picks up on something and then ti counters it with a rational explanation . and then your ni will just keep repeating the same process because it's trying to ... i know an enfp who i think is a type 7 and she isn't bubbly . on the other hand , i also know an enfp 2 who is ! i think a lot of it depends on enneagram . i know a relatively unhealthy enfp and she breaks down in public . but they do have fi and i encourage my enfp to let her emotions out when she feels like it . as an infj , i enjoy helping her get ... i'm a 6w5 . my deepest core fear is lack of security , as was already mentioned . for those that are a 6 , whatever comes at you that is unexpected , just have faith that you will have the ability to ... i am not sure what my idea of heaven is like but i do think it's a temporary place we go to before we come back again in a different form ie another person or living entity . 1999 . i was 18 , went to college and met who is still my best friend . other things happened that year that made it a great one . i'm not sure if tarot reading would be compatible in the realm of the supernatural but i decided to buy my first deck of tarot cards and try it out myself . well , let me tell you that a particular ... this would depend a lot on enneagram since it deals with core fears . i am a 6 and at times i can be unsure of the decisions i make in life although i rarely change them . normally once i have made a ... a pretty smile compassion sensitivity intellect i have many acquaintances but few true friends . but that's okay , i only need 1 or 2 true friendships . sorry , but me and entps do not get along well at all . i find them insensitive and overbearing at times although i do like the dress sense of female entps . i know 2 entps and i keep them at ... i love ufology ! but i personally have had no experiences involving the paranormal although i still swear that i was tapped on the shoulder by somebody who wasn't there when i turned around once ... unfortunately , tarot reading has been tarnished by scammers posing as legitimate readers at places such as fairs labelling themselves as fortune tellers doing readings in exchange for money etc ... you will find that many sensors are skeptical about this type of stuff . i think intuitives are more open to the idea . thanks for sharing your interesting story ! i do the same as has been previously mentioned . rationalise a person's behaviour if i think they are signs of a crush . it is ni clashing with ti . i have been making it a point to just listen to my ... do you even believe in stuff to do with psychics , mediums and tarot readers ? i have a friend who reads tarot cards for free for me and many predictions have come true , some of which happened in ... i think we have a few major differences based on the one infp friend i have . he has terribly low confidence , to the point where i feel like a father figure to him and have to do things for him , ... yep , i used to wear the black and white makeup and all that jazz . used to get really drunk and do some light drugs . but to be honest , i think that can be a natural part of just growing up . i ... the same . i game , listen to music , read , research interesting topics online ... just small stuff . it doesn't take a lot to make me happy , really . i do but i try to keep in mind whether i am dealing with someone who has fi . then i try to just console them and give advice later . but it's hard , especially more so when i attract strangers who just ... i collect autographs , boxing memorabilia and movie props that were used in movies . i kind of cycle between the three since i tend to focus on one area at a particular time and eventually get ... i get tarot readings and my reader friend believes that we see the same people over different lifetimes . i am kind of coming round to that idea so the highlighted lines of your post resonate with ... at age 35 , i have taken more interest in developing my se and recently have felt more comfortable just being in the moment and doing things without thinking too much . surprisingly , many of my ... fb can be a dangerous place and often provokes unnecessary reactions and emotions in people . i post philosophical quotes myself . when i see one from somebody else i can be impressed by it but end ... thank you , liz : smile : i asked out a female enfp a couple of weeks ago . she shot me down but we are now just like how we were before i asked her out . there is no awkwardness or anything . just go for it . i have crushes on people where i know it would work out and it still doesn't happen . haha .