' yeah god forbid i call him out on mimicking me or he'd never fess up to it . this same person refuses to ever admit they are wrong and they would rather lie than tell the truth about even small ... i'm sure this has been covered a million times , but people who agree with every fucking thing you say ... even going as far as stating an opinion , and you say you feel the opposite to test them , and ... when data is shown in any type of visual graph it's usually easier for me to process and understand it . a free ride through college .  ... and a mclaren mp12 - 4c when people repeat over and over and over something you already know , and you snap and say i know that ! you've said it over and over ! ! ! and they say geeze , i can't read your mind ... chill out . ... just like with anything else we try to label and stereotype , we need to realize that things are on a bell curve or spectrum and not just one or the other . although some people may identify as 100 % ... i tend to confront issues very assertively . i feel strongly about my beliefs and i will argue for a lifetime if necessary as long as the opposing argument is valid . as soon as their point can't be ... welcome to the forum ! are you still residing in malaysia ? not looking forward to black friday ... means there will be a bunch of crazed people running around out there . i better stay home . : crazy : when a rather close friend is telling you a story about his family history and how his aunt got into a fight with his grandmother last night bla bla bla and you randomly say i wish i had a bluray ... everyone is entitled to their opinions , and one day if homosexuality , bisexuality , pansexuality , or any other label on sexual preference is proven without a doubt to be biological then i will rest my ... welcome to the forum ! i was too young in 94 ' to remember it happening , but he has always been a source of deep inspiration for me in all aspects of my life . senna was an amazing man , and the fact he did something he loved ... i was never offended , i just wanted to point out that specific argument as irrelevant . i'm very capable of understanding and relating to the preferences of others , so there's no need to worry about ... if i don't have to be somewhere , i tend to stay at home . i'll leave the house for entertainment or food if i'm feeling social . usually for me it relates to sensory overload . if i hear or see something beautiful enough i get all teary eyed and emotional . i have cried at funerals , but only those who were close relatives who ... i don't think about people's sexual organs ... that's the thing . sex has never been a large part of any of my relationships ... for a long while i thought i may be asexual , because the thought of ... 1 . i was raised by a single mom and i have no siblings . 2 . i listen to most genres of music , but prefer electronica and classical . 3 . my room is incredibly messy , but i wouldn't have it any other ... welcome to the forum , nice to see another intj marylander ! welcome to the forum ! supposedly we are one of the rarest types , 1-2 percent of the population . not sure if its true but it makes me feel warm and fuzzy inside knowing i'm special . :D bored again . welcome to the forum ! welcome to the forum :D jock 1 : yeah i'd like to bend her over ... jock 2 : dude i'd love to motorboat those ... jock 3 : * drool * intj : i dunno , she's kind of a bitch . jock 1 : ... really amazing work mkmason welcome ! what is your avatar from ? welcome ! leos rock ! welcome to the forum ! i think it's safe to say that although intj's may be able to rationalize and make sense of their feelings and urges more than others , and may be more open to becoming bisexual after coming to the ... i can relate . the ability to have your mind wander pretty much anywhere in a very short amount of time because of subconscious links from thought to thought or subject to subject . a sort of never ... i believe that something / someone created the universe ( s ) that i will probably never be able to comprehend . i also believe that the creator most likely has no reason to ever interfere with humanity , ... i guess i should explain better . i meant that not in terms of help desk customer service sort of thing , but i believe in order to run a successful community / society you need open communication ... not a bad day for a monday welcome to the forum an infinite library of documentary films about every imaginable subject . wireless internet everywhere , at least 50 megabit down and 25 up . 24 hour call center to document issues and concerns ... couple faves from my flickr gallery : http://farm5.static.flickr.com/4151/5129931170_4d414c4382.jpg stream by amsfoto , on flickr http://farm5.static.flickr.com/4025/5124536101_2579b46dd8.jpg ... i can really relate to your comment about wanting to fit in . when i realized freshman year of high school that i may be gay ( despite natural attractions since early childhood , i hadn't labeled myself ... i don't really think the scientist really describes me . i enjoy science , but it's more about the problem solving and the issues behind the science that interest me . i do enjoy science as a tool for ... happened to me too , was thoroughly confusing at first till i saw the post about the forum being reset . i thought i was banned for something i said already . rob dougan - speed me towards death ( instrumental ) welcome ! ... and unfortunately i'm not invisible , that could come in handy taking the step to admit to yourself you are a homosexual is a tough experience . i'm not ashamed of who i am , but i will admit that my life would have been a lot easier if i was heterosexual . i ... i wanted to be an f1 driver , but it's a bit too late for that . just a lowly art student now . i've been wondering lately if my sexual preferences were more tied to my personality type than anything else . since there really isn't any set cause of homosexuality , i've been putting a lot of ... welcome to the forum ! since it's ( unfortunately ) impossible to just look at people and tell their personality types in the real world , i find this site and the whole personality type movement in ... people often tell me that i : don't smile enough always look grumpy and unapproachable am quick to lose my temper am quick to judge am extremely opinionated am often rude without realizing it ... no problem ! ( you can thank me again for a 7th ) when you lose acquaintances left and right because you just don't feel like picking up the phone or sending that text . 1 . someone not admitting to a shortcoming when it's painfully obvious . how can you attempt to fix something when you won't be honest with yourself . 2 . people who blatantly use their friends for ... welcome to the forum :D '