i often thing about the complexity of life and some times it gets me to dark places i just wanted to see if its normal . i was just wondering does the month of your birth affect your personality and what type you are ? ? such as mine is august which makes me a leo which makes me outgoing : unsure : ... i totally agree with u but i dnt like giving up with people im not that type of person its feels horrible and i just wanna give up and i cba with it hii i haven't been on in ages , my question is ... do you have some one in your life that you do everything for her / him and then they just turn around and say there playing you about ? ? leo the lion :D rawr means i love you :D i am in a very happy mood for change lol . so i through i do a thread . so what songs are in your head and do will have different taste in music ? ? the song that make me go all hyper would be ... i just wanted to say ___ and feel in the gap its just a fun little game . i'll start : i just wanted to say i am wizard harry potter told me so :P i agree with it 110 % all the way :) istj arn't that bad because one off my best mates are an istj . i think we both bring the opsite out off each other :) mmm hard question its the p and the j i am going out with an a enfj and i fine the differences between me and him is how we c things and how we have have in some cases what we fine fun is different :) i agree with thinking when i think its goes into such darkness which i cant be bothered and i don't like being depressed as well but ofc no one like being depressed unless there are some types but ... well i come home from collage and just bored so what can i do to keep my self busy otherwise i start thinking which isn't a bad thing its just i don't wanna go there ... & what do you guys do when ... i like that being me and i like that i am going to town today i know random i also like being random :) http://favim.com/image/56341/ just because there so cute :) and i wanna bring one home :) enfp is my life i love it my mates love it because i can make them see life on the bright side . i have way more fun then all my other mates because of who i am and i wouldn't change it for the world ... me i would like to say i passionate about life because its an adventure :) ) i stole this from and enfj thread i hope they don't mind , i just through it be a good idea to see what you guys think is the perfect dating type . for me it be : enfjs - because there such a ... this is true as that what my enfj boyfriend does :) ) ) mmmm its very odd i just through i get some people point of views it just seem very real like i was awake . : rolleyes : i was wondering you know you can have a dream inside a dream but ... i had a dream inside a dream inside a dream . is this normal ? ? ? & has anyone else had one ? ? ? : rolleyes : mini limmere :) :P i do a little bit of of diy :) well i like to stay at hogwarts its very magical :P but mainly in england or tho i like to go narnia :) i stole this from the enfj who stole it from the intj who stole it from the entp :) = a lot of stealing but i think its fun . it's pretty easy , just express yourselves - i'll i start : 1 . i'm ... hii , i am in a relationship atm but its a long term one we have been together for three years now lol everyone says that's bare long but oh well and plus hes an enfj :) : crazy : oh well it was late at night and i couldn't think of a name :) its just cool that all :) i just saw it and i was wondering can u guys read it ... if you can read this you have a strong mind : 7h15 m3554g3 53rv35 7o pr0v3 h0w 0ur m1nd5 c4n d0 4m4z1ng 7h1ng5 ! 1mpr3551v3 7h1ng5 ! 1n 7h3 ... i know that feeling my best mate is a istj she keeps me from going off the walls :) help what shall i do my istj friend and i have had a fallen out and don't wish to not see her she like my sister but its because i didn't tell something because i don't want her to think of me ... um i dont know it just happen i dont purposely capitalize lol mood depends lol but i just not right in the head i joke :) :) good or bad i through i be colourful and plus i always capitalization lol i stop :) he does sometimes but not always but i shall and do that thanks :) yay but its mainly in arguments and you say things you don't mean & i often don't like to remember what i say but i do take responsibility of what i say yay i understand :) i hope your ok but i felt like that but i don't end it because i get threw it . no its doesnt it just gets me shouted at . i often think really did i say that :-/ this is just to see what other people are like in relationships because at the moment i am going out with an enfj . but also do you guys have selective hearing and memory ? ... : mellow : thanks . that's really helps :) it was both thanks very helpful :) but is there one that you prefer ? ? sorry if i spell it wrong :-/ what personality do you guys get a long with better ? after procrastinating i when to see my istj friend after i said to her i be there in a minute odd how easy i can jump to one thing and go back to another i think i need a hobby ... :-/ what personality do you guys get a long with better ? ... well common thing said to me would be are you on happy pill or are you always like that :P yup i agree with that :) and doesn't know how to behavior in serious situations and dreamer in some cases and crazy oh and not normal so true :D ... me i like to hang out with all my friends and parks not causing problems tho