' i've been you except i was probably in nothing but underwear ... and i haven't noticed anyone spying yet . but that's only a matter of time . i figure that as long as you don't know your neighbors too ... last semester in college i had a job as an assistant in a sculpture shop which was tons of fun but meant that i was constantly sweaty and covered in sawdust , plaster dust , clay , dirt , and who knows ... longing is fun i am afraid that during the summer months when we can't see each other we will idealize each other and that when we meet again there will be a painful letdown . i am afraid of not loving and wanting ... i am pretty insecure , although certainly not cripplingly so . i have also dealt with some pretty unpleasant anxiety . my anxiety tends to be different from the most common descriptions i've read . it ... i dunno ... i'm not big on stuffed toys or superheroes . stuffed toys are a bit cutesy and superheroes are a bit corny . not really my thing ? i haven't really noticed this as a general enfp / infp thing ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A21-oeRE41A surely you can order it boxed on the internet ... people can make their own fancy mac and cheese but frankly i don't think anything beats good old kraft : 71946 otherwise you could probably find a ... things usually seem to work best when a person is able to say , i really like you . it's okay if it's not clear what they mean by that , but it's a big thumbs up to keep moving forward . the ... but now i have to stop imagining you as kurt cobain ... i don't particularly enjoy insulting people , although a good fuck you can be pretty satisfying . finals are a shitty time to meet someone you like a whole lot . i'm supposed to be writing papers , but i can't pay attention , i keep waiting for messages ... i'd like it if i scored higher on intuition . but i wouldn't change my type . i would , in theory , but right now i tend to just limit my meat consumption to small amounts a couple of times a week , and i don't feel particularly motivated to go further than that . a lot of infps ( on this forum as well as people i know in real life ) seem to have this particular sadness . it's this feeling that a lot of the time the world is a shitty place with shitty people in ... i would not type nick carraway as an infp . i think gatsby is infp , or maybe isfp , but definitely an introvert ( he only throws the parties for daisy , not because he likes the other people . ) i do ... i guess i could be attracted to an entj , but i never have been in real life ... the ones i've met have struck me as arrogant . edit : to clarify , of course i'm not saying all entjs are arrogant , just ... skies yells i'd say i have the opposite problem--i am very cautious and tend to overthink everything before taking any action . lousy i agree with others on infj . whatever your type , you sound like a super nice person :) preoccupied , hopeful , and a bit giddy . she's wonderful . i wish i felt like that right now . wow , i really oughta spice up my life ! i really hope you find her ! i had a similar experience once and completely gave up on ever seeing the person again . then , of course , i ran into her at a writing workshop and she ended up becoming one ... this is happening to me right now , i think , for the second time ever . ( i mean the immediate connection--i have felt really connected to people i was already friends with , but there have only been two ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n3TW49VCd3I hear , hear ! or how about no party affiliation i think my voice is pretty normal--particularly loud or soft , high or low . i would hate myself if i ever sounded like a valleygirl , but i do fall victim to excessive likes . when i've heard my voice ... i was a pretty likable kid . i was relaxed and cheerful , very earnest and well-behaved . a little goody-goody . people were always telling me i was mature for my age , which i was in a certain sense , ... for one day last year i was genuinely convinced that i had an advanced stage of cancer and that my future would consist of no more than a few horrible months . i went to the doctor immediately and was ... finishing up my first year of college , currently . honestly i'm not sure i know you guys well enough ... it's hard to keep everyone straight and remember whose avatar is whose and who said what , and i haven't really spoken to most of you except on the ... maybe it's an fi thing ? i dunno , i don't mind being touched , it just depends on the toucher and the situation . for some reason when i was a kid i never wanted my parents to hug or kiss me , especially ... it is a nice bridge and i like the back of your head , but i like your face in your avatar even better . that smile ! i am an infp and i am not as shy as i used to be ! thanks ! that was helpful . you're right--i don't know how he feels , but i really don't have any reason to suspect he wouldn't want to hear from me . luckily , he has a class in the art studio where i ... well , can't read anyone else's mind , but here the things most commonly floating around inside mine : oh my god i love you , you adorable person goddammit / fuck / shit / fucking shit / fucking hell what a ... i'm having this dilemma right now . i met someone a couple of days ago who seems great , with whom i felt i had a surprising and unusual connection . i got his contact info , and in the moment i had no ... i love being analyzed ! i'd only dislike it if the person came to misguided conclusions about me . my self-esteem always used to be solid . now i feel unintelligent , uninspired , underachieving , ignorant , unattractive , boring , bored . i am not who i want myself to be . i want to be someone who ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4pY61_SuJ98 i sort of think now we've established that you can't technically be half f and half t because of function orders and such , it's worth acknowledging that it's still very possible to have receive even ... i have a crush on one of my professors , but i don't want to make out with him so much as curl up next to him while he reads aloud to me from his dissertation ... gawd i love academics a friend comes out of a cocoon . i will need to adjust to their new form , but it won't be hard . i am so happy to see them again . edit : never mind , i don't think i agree with myself i've never been able to get into using a regular handwritten journal , probably because i worry about privacy . instead i use this wonderful free software ( sadly no longer being updated , but still ... i'm talking about a relationship . i guess i used to assume that a relationship always ends when it stops working , but i have realized that the relationship i am in will probably always be happy and ... at what point do you let go of a good thing in favor of the possibility for something even better ? '