' i'm not sure where your statistics are coming from , but homosexual behaviour amongst animals is much more common than you claim . there are even some species of animals for whom the incidence of male ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tgcc5V9Hu3g i've been on a bowie kick while at work the last couple weeks . awkward , unfulfilling , and short-lived , just like all the others have been . it can be annoying at times , but i also see it as an integral part of my personality . would i really want to be one of those obnoxiously self-motivated types that's always accomplishing this or that ... i am an intp female . during the work week i wear worn out t-shirts , skinny jeans , and boots or old sneakers . on the weekends i like to dress up in a lot of lace and cotton dresses , frilly short ... johan liebert ( monster ) loki ( marvel ) the ice king ( adventure time ) moriarty ( bbc sherlock ) caliborn ( homestuck ) her imperious condescension ( homestuck ) anton chigurh ( no country for old ... what i see zoophilia , in this case , as very much analogous to incest . are there cases of zoophilia where both participants are happy with the arrangement and no one is being harmed , either mentally or ... i'm a 25 - year-old virgin . i've turned down sex on multiple occasions , including an offer for a threesome , and i've never been in love . i would feel embarrassed and ashamed if i were to act outside of ... i get along better with men , but i have more female friends . i am also on the autism spectrum , as is my younger brother . i don't personally believe that having as effects your personality to any great extent , otherwise you would think that everyone on the ... i never have and never would dumb myself down ( trying to do so would probably just kick my anxiety into overdrive and i'd end up stimming ) , but when i'm with strangers in a social situation i do have ... welcome to the neet lifestyle . i'm 26 , a college graduate with a bachelor's degree in japanese language , and i am unemployed and live at home . rejoice ! you've got 6 years more than me to figure ... i find it very difficult to communicate my ideas verbally to others , especially if they don't already have some knowledge of the subject on which i'm speaking . it's really quite frustrating , as it ... coincidentally , i am electing to be permanently sterilized and find it rather unlikely that i would ever want to get married . welcome to the intp forum . please enjoy your stay . we were going to have cookies and juice set out for you , but instead we started a tomato garden in the backyard . actually , i am really awful at lying , and i always have been . as much as i try to shake it , i'm just a naturally brutally honest person . http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-j8z3wcmnCco/Ts5bzRUasiI/AAADFA/B5LfPDVkmYE/s1600/radiohead.jpg ... well , i'm not sure how it works for other people , but my independence and self-respect has nothing to do with where i live . anyway , if i really wanted to ' leech ' off my parents for 20-30 years i ... well , that's exactly my problem . i don't need to work . i live at home with my parents , and with no real desire to move out on my own and therefore no bills to pay i am finding it very difficult to ... your personality type : sage your emotional strength and relative mental flexibility make you the sage . your open mind and free spirit allow you to travel mentally beyond societal ... i completely agree with everything you've said . compliment me on my intelligence or sense of humor ? you get a gold star . compliment me on my looks or tell me i'm ' cute ' or ' pretty ' ? you'd best step ... if you have no interest in backing up your statements factually , while i have gone out of my way to quote the scripture for what i assumed would be the benefit of our discussion , then ... what are ... as the title says , what is one to do when they lack both passion and any areas in which they are naturally talented ? i'm a college graduate with a degree in japanese language , 8 months spent teaching ... open up an im or e-mail addressed to this woman . select all , alt + c , alt + v . seriously , though , the only way this situation is going to improve is if you honestly and openly talk to this ... believer as a believer you believe the world has almost infinite possibilities . you believe people should be ... so ... are you scoffing at the idea of a god who initiates major social change and upheaval ? because i'm pretty sure that was exactly what jesus did in his time . as for context , allowing for ... what do you think about portions of the bible that people's conscience tells them not to follow , but which were obviously commended by the god of abraham ? the selling of daughters into slavery , the ... ... it is now . > : 33 i personally always end up being catwoman . ; 33 i have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder , ( high-functioning ) autism , and primary agoraphobia . i have a square face shape , and am firmly intp . i find it rather exciting to speak to another intp . we seem to be on the same wavelength right from the beginning , and for once no one minds if we're sarcastic and abrasive - my fellow intps seem to ... regardless of your feelings towards him , this guy sounds like a jackass . flirting with you while he's dating your friend ? totally willing to not only have sex with her even though she's abstinent , ... 1 : what's your mbti type ? intp 2 : what's your gender female 3 : are you the eldest child , middle child , or youngest child ? the eldest child 4 : how do you learn : hands-on , seeing , or ... i don't particularly mind . if i happen to find the situation offensive , it usually has nothing to do with the fact that we were ' just friends ' , but some other characteristic of our relationship ... i'm 25 years old now ( intp , enneagram : 5w4 4w5 1w9 sp / so ) and 10 years ago i felt exactly the same way many of you do now . i think being in that age range and in high school makes it very difficult ... i would describe myself as realistic more than apathetic , but people usually either say i'm ' too intelligent ' or ' pessimistic ' . i also don't think there was ever a single event in my life that would ... i fixed it for you . i don't have any issues making very superficial ' friends ' or coming off as very quirky and engaging to people i don't know very well , but from my perspective to have a real friendship with an ... 1 . agnostic atheist , leaning anti-theist . raised in a vaguely religious household . extended family mostly born again christians and southern baptists . 2 . northwestern ohio . intp , virgo . i've only met one infp , which isn't really much of a sample population from which to draw any data . : ( knowledge , curiosity , stubbornness . i never daydream . i think the ' daydreaming ' section of my brain is taken up by ruminating over past conversations and imagining what i might have said differently , or in planning out important tasks ... what fe leaks are you referring to ? i can't say i've ever had this issue - then again , i don't find myself strongly attracted to other people . the existence of his siblings is mentioned explicitly in matthew 13:55- 13:56 . is not this the carpenter's son ? is not his mother called mary , and his brothers , james and joseph and simon and judas ? ... jesus had brothers and sisters - his brothers were joseph , james , judas , and simon . jesus also had two sisters , who were never named in the bible . agnostic atheist , intp . i become very depressed and nihilistic , and i may cry or become angry for no good reason . or i become more social or more focused on online research in order to push back thinking about ... '