' bullies , as dumb and idiotic people as they are , recognise and respect courage . yes , of course i was bullied . even now , as a yong dude in my 20 ' s , i still have to face these kind of situations daily . it happens even from friends , who put me into uncomfortable situations , just ... its a pretty accurate article . the article is especialy right in the most important aspect of it : that infps is one of the type that does have some moral quality to it , while infjs don't . that is a ... estp women , from my experience , are extremely hot . esfjs are the same , but not to that intense degree . as a introverted intuitive , i feel naturaly attracted to extroverted sensors . the experience ... brains ... that's the only thing that works if she is a ' by the book ' intj . bassically , show her that you're smarter than her , a job which is not easy in itself . well firstly , i didn't typed them myself . they are typed by socionics proffessionals . you'll have to give some arguments , you wouldn't expect to take this for granted , aren't you ? yes , i ... hy intjs . i was just asking myself ... i've known some intjs in college , and while at that time they didn't appear quite energetic , i've been noticing that intjs who tap on their te fully gain that ... i think is always the old te vs ti . and secondly , the ni vs ne . no wonder you guys don't get along easily . you have opposites approaches . of course . its not a infj thing . its a choice . sometimes i do sit down . i never thought of it as feminine . its silly for me . i do it because sometimes is more confortable . hovewer , when i have pressure and power and my b * * * s are full , its ... that's actually classic women thinking ! guys are much more ... experienced ! if i can tell when someone really likes me ? when she gets time to know me , and she becomes totally interested in me , wanting to spend time around me ? yes , its very easy , and very rare . and very ... can you explain please what's with the ni vs ti clash ? what ti brings on in the ' liking process ' ? i'm very curious :) being sensitive , or ' thick skinned ' is immaturity , and has nothing to do with types . as for the emotional aspect , it depends . some people think emotions cloud a clear and sound judgement , and they ... 1 . i'm not emotionally squishy . 2 . i am very strong-willed and what one might call confident . i can't be intimidated by anyone . i'm just too used with people's ' confidence ' and intimidation ... i think mostly in concepts . i'm not interested about the form or the outward appearence , i try to catch the essence , the underlying principle . i try to understand always the fundamental , to ... short answer : to me yes , always . if i can't see my girlfriend whithout make-up , i feel like i don't have her completly . of course , this does not mean i don't like girls that are wearing make-up ... on the intellectual side , i always was very dominant and provocative , always starting a conflict of ideas . the teachers in high school were afraid of me , because i was eventually better than them in ... very interesting thread ... i mostly sleep in the soldier ( like 80 % of time ) position , but also in the yearner position , and more rare , the freefaller position . i'm new here on the forums . infj community is cool . honesty , depthness , insightfulness , some of the incredibly smart guys belong here , also there is a lot of talk here on unusual ideas ( or as some ... nah , it isn't about assertiveness . its about infjs learning to stay on their ground , and be confident as they are . i'm so tired how a lot of stupidity is going on in the male community . and why ... i noticed is always the feeling aspect that makes people think we are feminine . but there is also something else . most of infjs are scared like a little girl by anyone who come of as confident or ... if they would make it better , perhaps yes . mbti has already made alot of troubles . i have a incredible intense eye contact . i intimidate people very easily if im not careful . i intimidate even the types who are very strong in eye contact , like estps , estjs or entjs . its like i ... this might sound like a silly question for many ( and perhaps it is ) , but does anybody knows or anybody in this forums is in a high social position , for example politics , lawyers , jurists , you know , ... you forgot that extroverts are also subjective , they are persons , not robots . extoverts are interested in their subjectivity too . truly extroverts and mostly sensors have a natural orientation ... one think that i love about them is that they have confidence , strong confidence . the turn off is they don't have a strong will , they very easily give up . no , i don't . also i hope you will see in time that i was the one right , not you . but please don't think because of your experience all entps are like that . they are awesome really . i like them . a enfj girl is haunting my dreams right not . she has big blue eyes . incredibly pleasant girl , you just want to be around her . i noticed all enfj tend to be very likeable , maybe because of fe ? i many times afraid i can face the challenges , and also i can't be strong enough . on a intellectual side , i always had the need to understand things profound , to understand how the world works . i'm a ... yes , the descriptions does say that infjs are vulnerable to criticism and conflict , which is true for most infjs . not for me though , i'm a enneagram 5 so ... read that description if you want . i can ... no , i didn't intended this thread to be so nasty . and i'm really sory for it :D you said that i'm claiming infjs feel things more intensely than other types or people . no , that would be absurd and ... caged within you're such a bad / fearless boy . there is nof fear in love . for perfect love cast out all fears ... i'm exactly the opposite . when i was younger , i was very naive and open to anyone , very vulnerable . memorable experiences have learned me to grow a thick skin . i consider myself to be incredible ... well yes . israel has judaism , india is very pantheistic too , and russia is christian orthodoxy , much more serious than western type of christianity . and all these countries ( if we could imagine the ... but what about all the muslim countries , india , north korea , israel , russia and many other countries . all these countries are very religious and traditionalistic , not primitive , just with traditional ... i don't think in today's time ideas are not given enough weight . it isn't for the lay man , for the usual man , but for professional thinkers , ideas have the same heavy weight . but you're right in ... monemi haydn mimesis i really sory that the discussion went bad . i know i can be a ashole and a idiot sometimes . i just want to tell that i respect you , even though that wasn't the impression you ... i'm done with this , until i don't get death penalties from someone . great and not so great thread , by the way . great guys all of you , even the ones who don't like me . i'm honestly sory if i offended ... i don't decide for anyone , i'm just stating my opinion . you don't like it , move elegantly forward . please . actually i was not defensive at all ... i can't say the same thing , with regard to defensiveness , about some people who posted here in response to my thread that se dooms are the ultimate authority ... : happy : yes , i kind of thinking he used rational in a very exact and mathematical sense . to him thinking was about making analogies also , but they were analogies that were supposed to be based on ... yes , but opinions don't care in them weight ... so ... well i was hoping to see the aswers of others infjs . i didn't make the thread so you or anyone can tell me if i'm the ultimate lover . it was ... i am talking about the mbti infjs . yes , jung was using the words in his own system , which in the big picture the definitions means something else . so me pointing that out , i was just replying at ... please stop being stupid . also don't take it personal when i say you are stupid ! yet i still disagree with you . carl jung gave his definition for the nature of each function in a specific pshycological context . i have more of a wholistic thinking , trained in philosophy and ... well it is for very people like you i said in the op that is not a se driven rough thing , but about real sex ... yet you can't understand it . so here is my question to you : have you thinked there is ... '