' in romantic relationships , i prefer to be submissive . in any other relationships , i have a very unhealthy need to control / dominate the people i interact with . i need to feel as though i exercise some ... i confess to sometimes wishing i was an nt . * guilt * i've met at least one person i'm certain is infj . amazing girl — smart , kind , wholesome , mature , and exercises a quiet influence over a group of people . i really enjoy talking with her . :) enfjs ... the science of sleep http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GUCrM5i_W3c wow , what an angle ! that would make for a really interesting essay . lol , you too ? kind of a relief to know i'm not the only one though . that's what i try to do now . in the past , the hunches i've had about people's intentions have proven to be pretty close to the truth , but i don't have a perfect track record . sometimes other people ... are other infjs overly concerned with analyzing the intentions behind people's words or actions ? i don't know if it's a personal issue , but i always tend to be suspicious of people's motives . i ... agreed ! :) spilledmilk - i'll send you my thoughts on your points via pm . with all due respect , sir , i just don't think it's respectful to others if we continue this off-topic discussion on this ... so so fun ! :D do you consider yourself spiritual ? yes , christian . what about souls ? do you have one ? do souls even exist ? yes , i have one . yes , they exist . ( would ) is sex just sex to you or is it something more ? ... yep , i know three , but i find it a bit hard to relate to them . they're a ton of fun to hang around , but i can never find a way to segue into deeper conversations with them . i know they're more than ... - studying - gaming - reading - writing - obsessing over complex concepts - planning my future - helping solve other people's problems - theorizing - baking - cleaning - applause - lol i've never been much of a romantic . i used to insist i was a realist ; i don't anymore , but as i answered in the poll , i'm only moderately sentimental . i know nts who have incredibly romanticized ... lol ! you know , that's a good point . i guess pen and paper games like d & d and card games like mtg haven't really been mentioned until now . these are all the places i would list , and maybe i'd add a poetry reading or a rally . http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lqqy4f2QSO1r0r80yo1_400.jpg http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lqr71gknpL1r1fzzzo1_400.jpg http://d30opm7hsgivgh.cloudfront.net/upload/463748_nPiGWubS_c.jpg ... hahaha , yeah , come spring quite a few of the more muscular male students at uchicago start walking around campus or lying around in the grass shirtless . i think the statement is , here's what you ... you make some big some claims , and i ’ m just not sure you could objectively back any of these points . first of all , morality varies primarily on an individual basis . to say that these top-level ... i know i don't speak for other infjs , but this idea holds true for me . you might be on to something .. my closest friends are girls , but the majority of my friends are guys . i'm much more comfortable with friends of the opposite gender , and i do tend to find other females slightly irritating . again ... i don't intend for the following to sound aggressive or arrogant , so forgive me if it should sound so . i respectfully disagree with this statement because : 1 . ) i think there's a reason why year ... dear you , you give me hope of feeling fulfilled in a marriage , when all my life i've doubted the idea that raising a family and committing to one person could ever make me happy . you've brought me ... i actually laughed out loud when i read this . :D i'm still only a starry-eyed , second-year student . that might explain my bias . still , i can say that my experience at the uofc has given me a reason to believe that a university can create an ... hahahaha , awesome . :) i actually find that to be the great thing about these essays — they provide you enough leeway to provide a telling view of your personality . i'd argue that such prompts ... my university is well-known for posing bizarre & quirky essay questions to its applicants . here are some of our essay questions from past years . how would you answer any of the following ? ( you're ... 23 . wow , wasn't expecting anything that high . :/ thank you for this . this is a beautiful reflection that has prompted me to consider the role of spirituality and faith ( particularly my christian faith ) in introspection , self-discovery , and ... i agree that there are some things people can intuit without being able to explain how they arrived at those conclusions . however , i think that just being an infj doesn't justify an inability to ... hmm , i'm pretty sure i'm the nazi zombie champion .. just kidding , i'm actually terrible at zombie mode , but hey — it's a lot of fun . hey , no worries , let's plan for an eventual perc match on ... aww , that makes me so happy ! c : http://d30opm7hsgivgh.cloudfront.net/upload/113021422_K7N61IgP_b.jpg happy panda . :) hahaha , interesting perspective . first one . definitely . i love playing reach , but i don't know . it may just be me , but i find it doesn't quite have the appeal of the halo games with master chief . it must be the master chief cult of personality . :P ... right , i just plan on deleting the source . thanks for the heads up though ! :) i'm a bit iffy about posting pictures on the web , but i guess if i have any regrets later on i can always just delete this . http://i1125.photobucket.com/albums/l600/Geaibleu/meh3.png ... i played old school street fighter obsessively as a kid . whether that counts as serious gaming is certainly questionable . :P is gears 3 really as awesome as it's been hyped up to be ? and that's awesome — let me know if buying the epic edition was worth it . i know this is super lame of me but i never play on live . alone , i ... i'm the infj dedicated to the cause of alleviating poverty . i'm the infj who advocates a moral , humane outlook . i'm the infj who feels strongly about her faith . i'm the infj with a crazy , wacky ... i wish i could thank this post 20 times . i agree with this so much , and it's sometimes hard to come onto the forums when i encounter so many people unwittingly caricaturizing their type . with that ... oh man , you're a serious gamer . my friend was a beta tester for gears 3 and he says it's amazing . i can't wait either ! lol , ok , please tell me if i'm being a ditz here , but do you actually have a sandbox in the middle of your living room ? because i have to say , that's the image running through my mind right now . oh , playing the greatest of the classics ! i'm sad to say i've never played any of the other games you mentioned , but i'll have to check those out at some point . hahaha , that's how i feel when ... yeah , another person who can't get enough of black ops ! :D i sort of stole this from the enfj forum , but i'm wondering , is anyone here a gamer ? it doesn't really matter what kindx 97pc , console , whatever . ever since i was little , i was absolutely taken with ... three words : call of duty . edit : i lied . i have to write more than three words because i didn't answer the what's your favorite genre question . so , first-person shooters . dear person from my high school who is headed to my college , if you end up in my dorm , i will not be a happy camper . love , me hmm , after reading your answers i'd say you seem rather intj . '