' when i think introvert i think mad scientist . alone , working on whatever project . crazy . usually well versed and educated . that's what i've recognized in entertainment . being the pessimists that ... ( in context of the first 2 minutes of zero dark thirty . it starts out with a black screen and 9/11 audio clips ) beforehand i told him i have already seen the movie and he told me jokingly not to ... i'm not making assumptions , just questioning the circumstances . it still could be a lone bomber . 68056 click on the picture to get a larger example , but this mystery man on the roof is awfully suspicious to me . i don't write much fucked up stuff , but if we were talking most fucked up thoughts , i scare myself with borderline psychopathic thoughts all the time . along with an infowars reporter that tried to ask obama the same question . weird : confused : step 1 . write down number of facebook friends step 2 . post aforementioned joke to facebook step 3 . wait 24 hours step 4 . check facebook friends and record findings step 5 . lean back , ... i'm the only one i know of that has heard this , but is anyone else aware that there were bomb-sniffing dogs in the vicinity in the leading moments to the explosion ? it was reported that over the ... everyone will eventually get over it and the jokes will run rampant . so what's the point of waiting ? as buddha said to the tune of : nothing in life is permanent . even emotions move on . and i ... when i was in kindergarten i used to think why do we have to listen to the annoying dial tones ? why can't they make it so that when you're calling someone , you hear music instead ? lo and behold , we ... i am jack's smirking revenge . sexmachine.jpg : laughing : * cartman laugh * ahhhahahahaha i'll post my sex machine in the morning ... an imaginary illness to sell you an imaginary cure . that's all it means to me . interesting that this comes up , since i just had virtually the same moral dilemma half an hour ago . i just got my haircut and about halfway through the stylist asks me if i have cash or check since ... my facebook post on the situation of american citizens : if paris hilton , kim kardashian , or snookie mean more to you than neil tyson , bill nye , or michio kaku , you are what's wrong with this ... it's an essential trait for a partner for me , but there is no way it's a sexual turn-on . when i first heard of the term i didn't take it too literally . there's just too many of these - sexual terms i ... i find intelligence to be making connections between separate things that you know . anyone can be knowledgeable , but can you connect the dots ? i just find that if a woman would be able to make me ... are you a sapiosexual ? meaning : ( sā-pē-ō-sĕk-shü-ăl'ĭ-tē ) 1 . ( n . ) a behavior of becoming attracted to or aroused by intelligence and its use . origins : from the latin root sapien , wise or ... if , i wasn :) t so drunk right yolo now ' id :) try to do everything swag , you ... :) . mentio :) ned ! ! ! ? ! ? ! ? ? ? ! ? ! ! ! - thomas jefferson only person with the ability to beat minesweeper on expert in my cad class . intp's : 1 everyone else : 0 ... and i'm the stoner . precisely the reason i moved to texas to get away from . and that's why us time-travelers don't bring back cavemen and feed them xanax . rule no . 29 . as explained earlier , physics is applied mathematics , chemistry is applied physics , and all the other sciences are branched away from chemistry . it's hard to see in the earlier picture ( if at all ... the study of the composition of matter and the changes it undergoes . it's very useful in everyday life when you're trying to figure out how to best alleviate a stain , or soften your water , or even ... the food would remain untouched as we tried to quantify the internet : laughing : food for thought poll : which types would you choose to go on silent library with you ? which would you never have as ... growing up 45 minutes outside detroit , it's pretty typical that i think eminem is the greatest rapper of all time . rap is like playing piano in a way though , anyone can press the buttons in order , ... with intp's in the lead , that would be a silent dinner party . only to have the silence broken by a theory as to why milk makes mashed potatoes way smoother . when i got diagnosed with adhd , all i had to do was take a questionnaire at the discretion of the psychiatrist . come on ! a questionnaire ? that's the diagnosis ? anybody could have adhd if they wanted ... as learned off a michio kaku video , biofeedback toilets . they test your excrements while in the bowl or after flushing , whatever , and then give you a readout on your health condition . maybe won't ... this topic has been covered recently in the education and career knowledge sub-forum , but since i'm here , khanacademy has some good math and science videos along with a testing module to test what ... ha ! or vinetchocolat because chicks dig wine , chocolate , and foreign guys . since no one likes me , does that mean i'm really an intj ? i am not , but i wouldn't mind teaching chemistry to college students or high school students for that matter . i'd have to weigh teaching more advanced material to college students , because i get ... to all those who ascertain science as a non-creative field , i just want to create a pondering point for you all . if it weren't for creativity in scientists , who would delve into questions that ... i used to have a vocabulary which was apparently too extensive for my age group . i'd be talking to people and the only sort of reaction i could contrive from them was , lolwut . it just became too ... haha it looked good to me ! i was proud i spelled it right up until now . duly noted though . i definitely see this in the facebook generation . down in the dumps girls seem to post endless philosophical quote pictures when relationships turn to turmoil etc . which begs the question , are ... gone in 60 seconds . wait , i'll be immortal ? :p roud : i don't really like fitting into a new group , but judging off of thanks received , i'd say my reception has been fairly well received . i post much more in the intp forum , probably because i feel most ... i'd feel like a christian . no lust , no lies , all boring . in all seriousness , i sincerely thank you all . as being a type that is often misunderstood and felt ' unwelcome ' , as to say people generally don't like starting things with me , i appreciate the ... where n is attributed to the number of times i am misunderstood / not understood at all , the answer to n is all real numbers . texas seems to be the reasonable answer . plenty of larger cities surrounded by small towns . ranch space is everywhere . that's what i'd like to do anyways , built my life up to living in a ranch . just ... thedoctorlies are you working with her ? ! there's something fishy about the nonchalant robot in your signature and the explosion defying traffic cones in distracteddaydreamer ' s post ! i've unraveled ... not last night , but the night before last , i had a dream that it snowed where i'm at in texas . i wake up and check the weather because i've got a few mile bike ride to make - and it's snowing in the ... you guys ... : blushed : i feel weird inside . i might be dying . i've never died before ! this could be it ! imagine a bar fight just broke out . ( ww2 ) everyone is beating each other up in two teams but you don't want to get caught up in the middle of it . ( axis , allies , you're us ) when suddenly , someone ... i'd say google it . that's always helped me with math in the past . you'll find easy ways and shortcuts to almost anything . if you can find a good website ( which isn't hard ) they'll break down the ... definitely hand-eye coordination . i've got this neat trick where i can drop kick a cigarette and catch it in my mouth . also throwing it around my back and doing the same . don't smoke anymore , which ... '