' http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wCdoXtp7qsI http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gXiusuNzX8c 6w5 i have been stuck in a rut for awhile with this looming over me , i am in school for 3d graphic modeling and animation , but i don't feel like i am cut out for it . my brain is not that ' ' creative ' ' and ... i guess this rant will be about myself . i have been in college now for about 4 years working on my 3d modeling and animation degree . i enjoy the classes and want to do it for a living , but one thing ... dexter or house md . another more recent picture . i was at a medieval fair . 80463 the real question should be , what is in the container , like poison ? my emotions usually show for an unknown reason and it weirds me out . like say , i will erhm ' ' cry ' ' sometimes for no reason , but then i won't cry when everyone else would be ... emotions y i no ... this way of thinking is associated with the temporal lobe , which is home to our sense of consciousness . you don ’ t have to write things down ! your ability to recall events and information from your ... pepper jack here i was thinking my life was complicated ... i would say i give them more of my attention than anyone else . which usually results in conversation or weird staring / look away moments . if i spark a conversation with said person and they turn out ... character strength # 1 judgment thinking things through and examining them from all sides are important aspects of who you are . you do not jump to conclusions , and you rely only on solid ... when i had my break-up i analyzed everything . from conversations , body movement , feelings , environment , tone of voice , time spent together throughout the day , activities we did . that drove me crazy for ... i do this and then some because of my 6w5ness , i drive myself crazy at times trying to form situations and trying to assume what they are going to do to ' ' prepare ' ' myself . i just act like an ass / very cynical and people think it is funny ... * shrugs * your scores 3expressing regret 6accept responsibility 4make restitution 7genuinely repent 0request forgiveness genuinely repent ... leo sun sign - zodiac signs - astrology.com http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3aF9AJm0RFc i guess i could chime in on this ( obviously not a female or maybe after reading my reasons i might be held to the standards of one . ) , seem interesting and i feel my ' emotions ' ' could be displayed for ... i get plastered with emotional distress all the time from people . i swear i should be a therapist or something . everyone comes to me with their broken and displaced lives and i just sit there blankly ... https://sphotos-a.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash4/302334_4524601520155_483292689_n.jpg my 2 friends and i , i am in the middle . i remember always wanting to be a police officer when i was a kid , now i see police / people in power as a threat . they follow immoral orders just for the sake of keep their job or staying high on the ... i guess this is going to be a comparison on why i like each genre and songs to go with that fit the respected genre . each one has a special place in my cold heart and i am happy i am one of the ... for me , sit me down and tell me what you are going to do / change about yourself and where you think you went wrong . be serious and detailed . things like this are hard to deal with and do take time if ... i usually learn best by having something shown to me every step-by-step , then doing it myself with the person who did the example next to me if i have to ask him 3000 questions . it might take me ... exactly how cataclysmsolace , described it , i also tend to very sarcastic and try to tear down their hold over me and turn it on them and make them look weak in comparison for attacking me . istj , 5w6 . why do you want to know / care ? seems intrusive . just try to be direct and clear , also , do not force us into the conversation like , ' ' you need to sit down and talk to me . ' ' that feels pressuring and is annoying . also , like others have said get to ... the joy of going to class at 5:30 pm and having one of your class mates try to be a dictator in a class that revolves around a group project . i am sorry other student , but i am not going to sit back ... you technically were ranting in sentences placed in a bullet format . cognitive process level of development ( preference , skill and frequency of use ) extraverted sensing ( se ) * * * ( 20 ) limited use introverted sensing ( si ) there's an evolutionary imperative why we give a crap about our family and friends . and there's an evolutionary imperative why we don't give a crap about anybody else . if we loved all people ... * ahem * i might sound harsh saying this , but , i understand everyone has issues and whatnot . this is a type forum not a therapy session , if you need help for something like this i would suggest calling ... can you send a link to it , the picture is too small to read anything , even when enhanced . i have noticed recently that my views on many things have changed . 1 ) my trust of the american government has gone to well bellow 0 % , all i can think of is them doing sneaky things in the ... sexual 46 % social 42 % * emotional mode on * my ex i loved very much and i had a very good understanding of her and it crushed me when she left me for someone else / cheated . in all honesty it doesn't matter how much you knew ... my girlfriend is an intj and she just now actually presented me with this . ' ' let's just say that we're different because i'm more willing to take emotional and physical risks than you are ... depends on the person and how it ended , i had a break up a year ago , monday . i still feel the hurt and what not at times . i did drop all contact when it officially ended though . so you are still pining after this girl for about 3 years basically ? cautious http://mgsrvr.com/d9c465ec54c1c86df2ce11501edc5010.gif cautious , calculating , contemplative , and careful . this person likes for things to make sense and to ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dgx3sp_hTJw i am very nostalgic , sometimes it's good other times it leads to past pain coming back . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PHvojSdiVG8 since thanksgiving is upon us , how do you guys handle the people ? - do you just nod an agree with everyone just to get them off your back ? - do you enjoy seeing the extended family ? - does ... citizens from 20 states have filed to secede from the united states - dallas downtown | examiner.com congressional reform act of 2012 | petition 2congress just trying to get this around , hopefully it will do something . might as well give it a shot if you care , if not , please don't complain . '