thanks : happy : that is great ! well , since there have been a few recent posts on cognitive functions and i'm not well versed in them ... can some one point me to a good article / book / post that describes how ni and fe look for an ... i usually assume that once some one is skeptical of categories that tells me they are a ' p ' not a ' j ' ... ps don't like the boxing . i think you may have just come across an unhealthy person in ... i'm with you on this ... i also fear i am about to throw away something good for the prospect of something greater ... i'm afraid of the unknown ... and of potentially missing the person ... im not sure how this relates to most infjs ... but i have a degree in psychology with a major in sociology ... so i'm definitely a stereotype ! it would make sense to be in these kinds of ... i run a few times a week ! i tell you what , i have times that i could tell you with all honesty ... it can be better than sex ( or at least on par with : wink :) : crazy : can i say that yes i am sentimental ! i have so many little meaningful objects i have kept and i can relate to dalien ... i keep mine in a wooden box too ( a really beautiful carved one i found in a ... this interests me very much ... it is a psychological principle that exists called ' mirroring ' or mimicking body language . what happens is when you are interacting with another person ... in ... this is our most controversial and popular australian political satire comdey team love the chaser ! youtube - the chasers war on everything-apec australians felt that the security lockdown for ... 01110100 01101000 01101001 01110011 001000 0110 1000 0110001 0111000 0111 000 0110010 1 0110111 0 0111001 1 001000 0111 0100 0110111 001000 0110 0010 0110010 1 001000 0111 0100 0110100 0 0110010 1 ... i relate to you ... i am great with money and it is the thing that never sat right with me either about infj ( everything else is me ) ... i own my honda odyssey and the 2nd get about car , had both a ... i don't relate to that ... exactly . i have not been single for more than a year since grade 9 and i am 32 . however ... i do relate to feeling very lonely within relationships that haven't been right ... i can relate to this ! two of my very best friends are esfj . i love them ! the first was a highschool friend and i had that little bit of distance there with her ... like she felt totally connected ... that reminded me of a story my friend told me today - his best mate had divorced his wife and when his kids came to visit they said ... ' daddy we know you haven't really left the house ' he ... that is not effed up at all . subconscious - dreaming - is symbolic of something going on in the real world . this might be an indicator that on a deeper level you need to grieve ... hehe thanx ! ! ! : crazy : highschool ... so long ago ! well my friend - who also was an infj - and i used to hang out at school doing art at lunch time ... or we'd be sitting in an obscure place in the grounds writing ... not sure what an infj movie is essentially ... but i totally love ghost in the shell ... the matrix ... run lola run ... vanilla sky hahahaha : laughing : you are ( virtually ) my friend ... you can cry in front of me and it wouldn't matter ... you are the vizier ... wisdom - manliness - tears ... beautiful : wink : i can relate very much to this . i was a part of this group of friends that were meeting up regularly but they were all such different personalities ... not really drawn together for our ... hmmm i don't mind a man crying ... i don't even mind the circumstances , but the way he does it bothers me . i'm not sure how well i can articulate this ... but i'll have a go . there are some ... great concept ! i love that idea ! it really sums up me to a tee ! ! ! i feel i am constantly internally washing away the crap and trying to give a junk free exterior to whomever i am there ... wow how awful . hope you feel yourself soon : happy : that makes sense ... cause i could be all of those in any given moment ... still maybe some of those faces are ones we wear on a more regular basis than others . hmmm i'd have to say i am the gypsy king with a dash of the method actor . what can i say ... i know you in an instant of meeting and can be who you will be most comfortable with : wink : at ... i think it's an individual thing ... we are all different even in our types ... maybe there are certain types that help us in our unique combination to be the most authentic us ... maybe if you ... definitely my desk and study ... oh and when i write assignments i never plan ... its random and somehow it all comes together . my house it fairly neat , but i just seem to have one room that ... i can totally relate to this ! ! ! i like you : laughing : thanks zomboy for your honesty and an interesting conversation ! i too was a bit of a tomboy ... and still am i suppose . i always like action / scifi / fantasy boy type movies ... can do the odd ... i think it is fun to search out the details of the dream . sometimes it amounts to nothing . but it could be a real person ... just write it down and keep it in a ' notepad ' : crazy : you might meet ... hahaha - i have a story for you ... you may just wanna keep one eye open for that beetle ! my hubby came off his bike and had huge grazes on his forearms ( he actually had broken his wrist too ) and ... : crazy : that is hilarious ! ! ! i wonder whether that pair of pants had a particular sentimental value to that person ? one thing i have learnt on my journey with dreams is when they are accurate , ... ok so my first thread ... kinda scary . i know that you have a few threads on the psychic nature of the infj ... but i'm interested to know how many of you have dreams that are highly accurate and ... if you look closely you will find us anywhere ... look for the two people having an immensely intense conversation ... listen in and if they are talking about life's meaning , philososphy , ... here's an ozzie take on love ;) youtube - adventure land - the eastern sky hahaha love it : crazy : agreed ! night is the peaceful time where there is space to think ! i get energized at night ! i know no one is going to turn up unexpectedly at my house and disturb me ! my kids are asleep ... and ... i think i'd at least attempt to strangle the next person that says ' don't be so sensitive ' : angry : thanks for posting this thread . very timely . i do believe in soul mates i think that there can be more than one and as said previously , these could just be friends . i have found a soul mate in my infp friend . he finishes my sentences too ... this thread is the beat of my crying heart ! i had the most amazing imagination ! i lived in another world ... well many of them ! i remember sitting on the beach when i was around 13 and thinking to ... i'll look forward to it ! : crazy : yeah ... well i'm being postmodern ... it has significance for me in more ways than one , and probably different to the intent of the artist : tongue : it's my love song love your op . and i love what you wrote above . this list is very counter-cultural . i believe when you act with wisdom and grace in your life you acquire admiration and respect from others ... i'm married to an intj . he is very slow paced and calculating ... over the years we have reached a happy medium pace . in the beginning it was difficult because he was so calculating ... weighing ... i completely relate to this : happy : i just believe that infjs do have that appearance of extroversion and it is ok for people to believe you are one ... that is just part of who we are and the ... this is my fave love song :) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F22MidnAaTY hey still waters absolutely loved the song i used to have regrets and want to change the past ... but the older i get i realie that the past has made me who i am today . the good the bad the ugly ... it has made me wiser , more compassionate ... gosh that is a bit creepy . i mean it ' sounds ' nice ... but i think if that person was worth getting to know they would approach you first and introduce themselves . it sounds very cowardly . be ...