' tatoe arashi ga hukou tomo , tatoe oonami areru tomo . kogidasou tatakai no umi he , tobikomou tatakai no uzu he ... mitsumeau hitomi to hitomi , nukumori wo shinjiau . go nin no nakama ! welcome . if ever you decided to bring this issue up , i think your boyfriend's gonna make you feel real bad about snooping on him to save face from that embarrassing moment . he most probably had a hunch that ... high ... as i assumed . too much theories . like pot-heads . 2nd / 3 1st born is a male infj last born is uknown . relations of benefit between psychological ( personality ) types http://www.socionics.com/rel/common/graph/100.jpgThese relations are asymmetrical . one partner , called the benefactor , is always ... no it doesn't . i am the threat . get around people that you like . try not to push them away . light some cig . how many kids ya got ma'am ? ^ there you are ! i finally caught you online ! how come mr . predictable is not on the title list ? i tolerate everything completely . then some random time in the future , i do the same thing to the other party . whenever i put a hand on top of someone's shoulder an involuntarily squeal comes out - please don't hurt me . ... when you're bothered by the look of the hanging picture on the wall slightly tilting to the left . ^ bull type o here 20 m cognitive process level of development ( preference , skill and frequency of use ) extraverted sensing ( se ) * * * ( 20.3 ) limited use ^ lol : laughing : mostly yeah ... http://personalitycafe.com/istj-articles/3157-istj-borefest.html ^ same here ... when i meet someone new , the conversation goes into standstill after asking the basics . ^ i think she's still married as of now . she's the most mature and sensible entp i know . she'll have no problem with guys falling for her . i'm just wondering why she's into anti-social robotic ... : mellow : infidels ! i kill you ! sj haters . sjs can't solve wha ? stop the resistance and insubordination . submit to his demands . oh sorry , nevermind ... i'm not very proud of my history . well ... let's just say that my parents are very controlling . i must obey what they want no matter how ridiculous it is or they would take away something of so much ... i'm only spending for necessity . other than that , i'd just wait for great opportunities to get my wants . y'all expect me to say somethin dontcha ? : laughing : ya guys made me smirk for moment there as i was readin yar replies . : blushed : <--- i don't go into that state normally , in fact i can't remember ... ^ everyone , in different personalities , says that here in the forums . i'm wondering why outside the virtual world , we don't get that much attention . : mellow : ... ... : mellow : ... when you're intolerant of shallow behavior . certified public accountant rare . never weird , highly valued . i only know one girl who supplies me my nitro glycerin needs from chem labs . oh sorry , i'm going off topic . i once had this belief of showing emotions is exposing weakness . that belief conditioned my mind to control emotional outbursts . now , i think the conditioning was overdone . i feel less likely to get ... high expectations . if i'm a subordinate , they should perform way be better than i do . strike one , reprimanded . strike two , deserve suspension . strike three , step down . ^ why are you exxp types so interested about istjs here in the forums ? i encounter some of ya in real life but i sense that most of ya think of me as that mute loner that y'all just wanna ... i dislike gambling , especially if i can't control the odds to my favor . can't we buy the minimum emotional stocks and observe if the stocks gonna multiply or go bankrupt after a certain amount of ... shadow type ? ninja ? i'm sorry , i'm asian i can't comprehend much of western lingo unless google is available . : laughing : if you mean like a bipolar or schizophrenic , i guess i have to agree with ... ^ thanks ... it's all bull btw . truth's less interesting than that . : laughing :: laughing :: laughing : what would it take to reveal our feelings ? wow ... i didn't know we have those . lemme tell ya a story . when i was in high school there was this girl behind me on a line where you order food at ... time out ... painfully slow time ... : mellow : na , you'll get back on together in no time . i've never been married but once i do and kids are born , i'll probably stick with the marriage no matter how unhappy it is . oh wait . that's the only option here in my country , we don't have divorce ... i ... umm ... ahh ... err ... oh nevermind ... better salary ? blackwater . ^ umm ... i don't wanna be rude here but where's the part where the istj enters the picture from that abab talk ? ... when everyone seems to get awkward atcha . i've been consuming coconut juice every lunch for the past 6 months . repetitive behavior is common among us . try me . :p roud : intjs do . that's what me and my intj best friend talk about most the time , ridiculing other people's smartlessness . it never gets old ... : laughing : ... when kids get bored atcha . well ... as far as my experience has gone through ... no matter how irrational and pointless the sermon is , arguing will just cause more tension . better to just zip it and just walk away ... do nothing . you'll get used to it . he wasn't . he's bloody serious . : mellow : timing of inquiry is bloody essential ... this is a more interesting info . : laughing : ... when you probably order to shoot down a plane with around 250 people inside , in order to save more than a thousand . '