' one of my favorites : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rTVjnBo96Ug current least favorite : all of my friends love it , which only strengthens my hatred for it . ... one of my biggest life goals is to have a kid or two . feels weird for me though , because i have like 5 other mid 20s guy friends who hate the idea of ever having kids . same even for most of my female ... i'm not sick , but i'm not well . - flagpole sitta by harvey danger aside from boring stuff like world peace , and being healthy , i'd wish for my dog to live as long as i do . goofy thing with silly ears understands the emotions i cant convey to humans . i am so annoyed by indecision that when i see multiple equally appropriate choices , i pick one at random without thinking . bites me in the ass sometimes , but because of this , i can get shopping done ... i keep up with news with whatever i am currently obsessed with . in the back of my mind , i know that women's soccer did a thing . but i'm really excited with the next patch for payday 2 . i would be ... damn , i was going to say something that looks like it came from mc escher , but nihilo ex nihilo . mine would look like that , but animated . no order anywhere at , with bizarre abstractions crowded by ... i mostly play singleplayer games unless it is something my close group of friends play like dota or payday 2 . i dont enjoy gaming with strangers . i usually mute them if they talk on their mic too ... with most descriptions of intps , and many ways i fit it to the point of being a stereotypical one . i've taken 4 seperate tests and only ever tested as intp . kind of weirds me out that my personality ... my social anxiety keeps me from going out with friends that i already know , like , and have no reason to be anxious around . when i do manage to go outside my apartment , i have a good time and ... i mainly play computer games and chat with friends over facebook , google + , and teamspeak . when i burn out on gaming , my secondary hobby is reading . i can be convinced to go out with friends for ... question : i really just have a bad time meeting people at all . usually when i'm out i tend to mind my own business , not be bothered , and to not bother others . since i now actively want to meet ... every man is guilty of all the good he did not do . - voltaire dogs . they provide the emotional support that i need as a human being , but as an intp have difficulty with . dogs , at least most , will want to be your friend and be happiest when you are happy . for a ... hey people . i just finished quiet : the power of introverts in a world that can't stop talking by susan cain . i really liked it . the book pointed out things i didnt know i did while justifying those ... mostly i'd just go for someone i can have a decent conversation with who would actually get what i am saying . as well as moderate intelligence / relatibility , compassion is pretty important . also , i ... vodka is the true russian roulette of beverages . you can add sweet junk to it , disguise the alcohol , then have a harder time gauging how many you have . with tequila you can usually get a feel for it ... i certainly dont spend all my time theorizing . after work yesterday , i switched off and played a computer game for 3-4 hours . no theorizing , just good old fashioned death and dismemberment . yes , and it's nice because the friend is usually more responsible than me , and she convinces me to do things more responsibly while making me feel like it was my idea the whole time . once i dreamt that me , my dad , and my sister were beaten to death with baseball bats by the kids who messed with me in high school . turns out , it wasnt a dream . i was beaten to death 10 years ago . ... i like it , because my mind has things i dont know what to do with . the infj convinces me to actually pay attention to some of the stuff going on , and not be oblivous about the stuff in my head . hello , my extroverted counterpart . everytime i've started a journal , i've completed 4 maybe 5 entries before i forget all about it i like being awesome at trivia . intps pick up random bits of useless information and store them away , since we typically start a lot of new interests but dont follow them through . also , its nice ... getting visibly and / or vocally bothered about anything . because all of the more emotional people can scream , throw tantrums , and no one bats an eye . i quietly log out of teamspeak or say i'm too ... i have a friend who is infj and has an intp husband . she's told me that those types are usually pretty compatible , and though i know her a bit more than i do him , they seem to balance each other out ... gaming is my 2nd biggest addiction , narrowly beat out by coca cola . i have a steam library of over 150 games , but mostly i've lately been playing a ton of dota 2 as well as payday 2 . just recently ... being alone lets me focus and takes away the pressure of having to deal with anyone else . it gives me more control of the environment . in my cause , i dont totally shun people , but i dont like ... i know an intj with an affinity for chow chows and huskie mixes , who she accidentally left around her kitten . they tried playing with the kitten . ended badly , so she is an example of an intj with the ... when i was in high school i went to class not knowing that a bird crapped on my shoulder when i was walking from the bus to school . found out almost at the end of 1st period . when i got that cleaned ... i have 2 or 3 friends that are receptive to my venting / rare emoting . dad doesnt understand me as well ( entj to my intp ) and there is the generation gap on top of that . i am motivated by my commitment to stop being unmotivated . just moved out of my dad's house and i'm 27 . got my current job after being unemployed for 2 1/2 years . spent most of that time playing ... me ( an intp ) and my roommate ( an istp ) had an hour long discussion on the lore behind the elder scrolls games last night . so we have good conversations , if it is on topics we are both interested ... as a people , we have all been at some point considered evil by people who argue with their emotions vs our cold logic and frequent disconnect with emotions . i'm intp . my dad is entj , and my sister is esfp . me and my dad get along well , unless we have to work together . his continuous need to stay busy conflicts with me wanting time to chill out and ... welcome fellow intp . one of us , one of us , one of us , one of us . noticed my dad had a new truck a week after he bought it . i saw it everyday , but didnt actually consider it . also the classic , go into a room and forget why you are there , routine . do that ... routines always feel like they take away control on how to spend your day . if i know i get home at 5 , and go to bed at 10 , then i know i have almost exactly 5 hours to do anything outside work . a ... jet fuel cant melt steel beams . uptown funk is not a horribly annoying song . political parties are wildly different . so , about 9 months after the day my parents have sex determines a lot of my personality ? so , if the fucking hate capricorns , they could have just bumped uglies in january , so that it would take a ... i'm an intp myself , yet ive known several , including my best friend from high school , so i'll give opinions of the others aside from me that i know . 1.how do they come across ? - quiet . easily ... my roommate is an istp , and passively we agree on most things . neither of us often take too aggressive a stance on anything , yet if we do , we usually agree . if we ever get into a fight , it would be ... i suppose replacing school with work ... sit around on my computer everyday , talking often over mic to my friends while avoiding actually going to bars , parties with them . a month and a half of this ... i have mostly flight , little fight . when things get bad , i go to my bedroom , turn off the lights , and play games . if that is impossible i just go away to the closest dark quiet place . 1 . unintentionally walked into something ? wall , doorway , pole ? - walked into bathroom sink , but i had some drinks 2 . watched tv for over four hours straight ? - cant watch tv long , makes me want to ... i once broke up with my girlfriend . by break up , i mean stopped answer calls and texts for fear of awkward small talk with someone i found intellectually boring . didnt see a reason to actually talk ... i'd love to be a vegetarian , but i love bacon and steak too much . veal is still straight up evil , and something has to be done about slaughterhouse conditions . characteristically , a lot of us place value in truth . most of us seek it . lying is scorned as it flies in the face of what we value as intps . i am trying to get better at using it , mostly because i think i personally need it for developing as a well-rounded person . 99 percent of the time i am a stereotypical intp with a small range of ... small talk killed my mother and raped my father . '