' my interest is alcohol , which i find robust and intoxicating . generally speaking , people do find it funny when i rip in to someone ... but it's a pretty immature thing to do and i've cut it out a lot in the past few years . that's more of an estj thing to do now ... foreveeer ! ! ! http://i44.tinypic.com/j6q2rb.jpg i'm a billionaire with many lucrative investments in the nail polish industry ; i need not talk to a plebeian like yourself . http://i42.tinypic.com/ekpcue.jpgl yes , how i envy the need to pee sitting down and the monthly bleeding / mood swings . what do lipstick tubes have to do with your ovulation cycle ? well to most i suppose that would be an issue , however ... i am quite skilled at slipping'in a little meat once in a while . http://i44.tinypic.com/es21p0.jpg in frasier's voice : well i can be quite seductive ... you know ... it has been said that only the greatest of loves can withstand the power of ... a mcdonalds cheeseburger . no ... just stop thinking so much about it and spend your energy exercising . exercise is good for keeping for head in check and with better health , you'll feel more at ease . if it's early on in your ... what ? you ignore him and pretend to be pissed off ? dr . philip j . fry suggests that the first step towards understanding your mental retardation is excepting your mental retardation . http://i41.tinypic.com/2lj6oig.jpg http://i39.tinypic.com/vevhgo.jpg challenge accepted young fool ... one does not simply join the entj forum . one must first complete a series of intricate tasks , each one more sophisticated than the last ... task number one : create a facebook page for ... no no , he wrote it about my day after he bought those lakers tickets and took his gf instead . he later found out that i not only didn't regret the douchey ditch , i appreciated it . edit : ' ' not only ... just wakin ' up in the mornin ' gotta thank god i don't know but today seems kinda odd no barkin ' from the dog , no smog and momma cooked a breakfast with no hog ( damn ) i got my grub on , but didn't pig ... no kidding , it was intended a joke , not an insult . i think ' ' missbossypants ' ' has serious control issues and hates when ' ' her ' ' threads don't go the way she wants them to . stop crying ... how dare you what i'm hearing is your feet are sore from standing over the stove all day . protip : fill the frying pan drawer with water and soak your feet whilst in the kitchen . lol , well if you were an entj you wouldn't need advice on basic logic ... if he is a bad leader you should have an easy time convincing others to follow you instead . if they choose to follow this ... yes , any moment now dr . xavier should be bursting into my room and dawning me the next super-mutant king . its getting kind of annoying ... lol , on the contrary . maybe i'm one of the lucky ones , because i've got about four friends ( who i've known for about 90 % of my life ) that i can talk about anything with . tbh i feel kind of bad for ... this is all that one would need to do to fix an infp child . be a man . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2elfKEHWLH4 ahahah . you want to hangout sometime ? i'd love to meet someone this retarded irl . what nationality are you btw ( not a racist question , just trying to get some insight in to his ' logic ' ) . and why did ... the lack of grammar and apparent poor grasp of english suggests it is . i guess they bought a new computer for the community centre where he takes esl classes . lol . don't be a cry baby . you took ' humour me ' incredibly literally ... especially considering it's a colloquial saying . perhaps you are some self-proclaimed ' ' maskedvigiliante ' ' who is butt hurt ... sounds just like a moron who is trying to be funny . probably didn't mean to offend you , he's just an idiot . refer to my above post to the lonely intj woman . he probably just really wants to have sex ... paraphrased : i was being a boring intj as usual . when he wasn't receptive to my blatant insults ( wit ) , he told me to buy a cat and some yarn , because i'd surely be needing them . the feeling is ... because of our warm and gentle nature . barack obama was born and raised in a chinese military bunker . i am canada , you many hey entp . to time entj hey but entp . you are debtor and not to be offence . you know now . it entf ? it entp ? hey ? ( sorry my portuguese bad ) upholding social tact is subjective . i . demand . questions ... :@ don't worry about gaining ' ' our ' ' trust , worry more about losing it . i tend to fully trust anyone i have respect for , but if they lie to me or disrespect me it can be hard for them to gain it back ... caught her getting coffee inside the school . she initiated the conversation by saying sorry but she had to leave for an appointment , she just couldn't say it before we had to be quiet . i caught her ... if you would have read my post more carefully you would have noticed i said i asked her to wait for me outside . she asked me if i meant outside the classroom . i said yes . i didn't intend for that to ... well hello , first time posting on your guys ' board . i'm just trying to understand how an infp girl might act if she is shy , or if she is disinterested ( in a romantic relationship ) . i'm currently ... lol fan on all the time - check music when on comp - check ( in fact i listen to about 4-6 hours of music a day , headphones on all the time ) not working in silence - check ( always have a fan on ... yes , but i think an istp would give off more of an ' ' air ' ' of those qualities . whereas an entj tends to be much more outspoken about them , which seems to ' ' irk ' ' people a little more . edit : by ... yeah this definitely sums me up . i hate when people call me delusional / arrogant because i always act capable and ' ' in control ' ' . just because i never have an ' ' i can't ' ' attitude doesn't mean i'm not ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lcJoTREXxwU lol , i can't afford the surgery yet ... your mocking is very unjust : c your mom knows how deep i can get . hur hur hur lol yeah i've been meaning to start this same thread for a while now . i don't get why other people can't talk at the same rate ... your post starts incorrectly by leaving out the word ' ' been ' ' before the word ' ' doing ' ' at the start of your sentence ... you're an entp . i love you . well i can already do that ... but it's my needs i'm talking about here . the ability to voluntarily control ejaculation . the good people at starbucks not surprising . i'm sure the op is used to making people disgusted , and well , since he's an intp he probably had no friends to begin with , so ... '