' happy ( belated ) birthday , spacecadette ! ! you are one in a million . <3 honesty is most important to me . one of my life goals is to be true to me . hey ozzie :) don't know if this link helps or not , just thought to share in case you hadn't come across it before ... at the end of the section ' isfj as lovers ' , there is a quick mention of types ... ozziechick 1966 - you go girl ! ( to your last sentence of course ... ! ! ! ) as myself , i would be and am friends with myself ( ok ok and enemy at times ... this is a learning process folks ! ) . as another person , i highly doubt i would come across as appealing based on ... i am thinking your definition of ' friend ' is quite different from mine ... you stupid stupid cow . tfp-have you tried discussing this with her ? sharing your wants and concerns regarding the relationship ? would you be willing to work on it if she was ? or have things ' just ' run their course for ... today i told my dad i am scared all the time , and that it gets to be pretty exhausting . this was shared quickly , a couple of minutes before we went into a car dealership to look for a car for me ( he ... ' out of africa ' is one of my all-time favourite movies ... just as an aside ... sts 06 i know , i was surprised too . the common reason seemed to be they were tired of trying to type out messages , talking was quicker ( some have the ' old-school ' phones with just a number-pad and ... i much prefer texting to talking on the phone ... unfortunately most of the people i know are the opposite lol ! sitting very still , hoping the answer to ' what do i want to be when i grow up ? ' will hit me soon lol . ;) introvertigo thank you . i do agree with you , doing what you love is key . unfortunately i am one of those that does not have a clear sense of what i love to do lol ! however as it is best to ... i agree with teddy , i like the financial stability and reliability . or should i say liked ? i took the leap and left the job i found boring and unsatisfying , that i had been in for the last five ... i am the oldest ( i have one younger sister ) , and sometimes felt older than my parents actually . it was a really weird feeling ... : frustrating : physical trait : height is a huge factor for me now , and has always been the first thing i notice . personality trait : a sense of humour is usually appealing . where i am right now , physical ... i miss myself . i stay up late b / c the mind won't let me go . that and i am trying to avoid thinking of certain things . maybe an oxymoron , i know . myself . but don't tell me i said that ... i bet you cheered him up ! - and thank you for bringing that up . i will do the same-if something really bad has happened to a friend who is far away , i will use that darned phone and get in contact ... i'm with you on that one . i am ok making small talk with new people , but actually making friends with them ? i am finding it a lot easier to make friends online , but i also need to make them in real ... rose i am curious-did dog listen ? :) agreed . i find it horrifying in this day and age when texts and instant messages reduce words to non-words , which seems to lead to many people ignoring the basics of writing in everyday situations ! ... i made it through my last christmas dinner with this company without crying . sts 06 you are a wonder with words . thank you , and i agree . i am very scared / sensitive of being judged , and in my mind it happens often ... i also fear they are judging me as i judge myself . it is not pretty . : sad : i am 31 and am thinking i might need to go back to school to obtain a degree / certification / diploma in something i am actually interested in ... i just have to figure out what that is ... vivacissimamente i just felt clicking that thanks button wasn't enough . some of what you said really hit home with me in terms of how i feel-especially the ' douche ' statement at the end : wink : ... i hate you so much , i wouldn't be surprised if i am growing cancer because of it . just wanted to share what i realised today : i get embarrassed when i have to scrape ice off the windshield of the truck , and it makes a really loud sound that seems to echo through the parking ... medea done ! :) medea perfect ! i'll bring the yoga instructor / book / video-maybe that will help ? ! ? ? ! ? ! ? if not , we can always switch to booze ... : crazy : medea : frustrating : marvinteck you raise a good point about tone being lost through online messaging , emails etc . i grudgingly give one point to the phone lol . the disappearance of alice creed . interesting . my issue is trying to find clothes that fit , and that takes precedence over fashion unfortunately : blushed : my intp ex was great at fashion . i miss that input lol . happy i am still giggling , thank you . you don't have time for this ! get back to the rest of perc ! ! ! :D you did make my day , though . thank you . ok i'll play . what i want can not be given by anyone that i know really . i want a certain portion of my memory erased . and i want love . twu wuv . lols ! ! ! acey 86 thank you acey for sharing , you put into words some of how i feel too , it is nice to know ( although frustrating regarding the subject matter ! ) there are others out there that feel the same ... hello 317 jamescarrolls check this out personalitycafe - announcements in forum : isfj forum - the nurturers isfj female here . i wonder if your yearning is not so much type but a universal longing : to love and be loved . i think ryry raises a strong valid point about self acceptance . learning to love ... just wanted to throw in my two cents ... first off i think trigun worded the above wonderfully . secondly-johnny it has been great seeing you around the isfj forum . i love that you are so open and ... thanks to you liminality for sharing the blake poem . for the record ? yoga is better . sorry medea . i laugh b / c i know it's true b / c i do that too sometimes , you just had the balls to put it out there . :( lols ! ! ! the dismissive attitude of people when you say / act / feel outside their tiny little boxed definition of ' life ' . give me a break . kind of like ... waiting for the other shoe to drop ? '