' i just realized that the little picture next to the nfs on the forum home page is a feather ? ! ? ! i thought it was a syringe ? ? ? i was always like , why do the poor nfs have to get shots ? ? ? i am so ... oh my god yes it is like an episode of seinfeld anytime i try backing off from people . next time i'm going to be like yup it's you ! i'm fine , and i'm better without you ! totally you ! lol i was ... from a cultural standpoint , 60 ' s absolutely . 20 ' s second . technologically , you could argue 70 ' s 80 ' s 90 ' s or 00 ' s . depends on what area you want to focus on , when things are invented , advanced , ... this fall ootd is partially fake , jose has made it very muggy 718666 don't worry you're not nosy , i wouldn't mention it at all if i were uncomfortable with questions . it started last night , so it is currently at its most heavy . i have noticed that i often match the ... hmm have our cycles synced up or is your timing coincidental ? : laughing : and have you seen the movie stage beauty ? your specific line on suffering reminds me of a scene . anyway one component of ... i'm so gross . i've been putting more and more tape over a bandaid for days now instead of just getting a new one . there's like eight gnarly pieces of tape on my heel it's so amusing to me i can't ... there's definitely nothing wrong with him . a lot of infps get down on themselves easily because they believe there is nothing about their traits that world likes or even accepts . well , personally i ... lol what i wear to grandma's house becomes such a big deal , it's so comical . i like to just keep my sweats on , but if you look too bad she makes a comment . well , more to my mom than to me . she always ... arrrghhh mateys , heathens and scallywags - be wishing you the jolliest of international talk like a pirate days ! may it be filled with monkeys , pillaging adventures , golden treasure and black ... lakigigar do you mean maria will also be coming to new england ? where's trump's wall now ... : rollseyes : exactly , especially to the bolded . still not jaded enough to want to perpetuate what has chewed me up and spit me up . that's a good thing , i guess . though i also feel like if i can't be good , i want ... play make believe that you are an intj . create a full character . name them something upper crusty . get a's to prove your superiority to the educational system . wear glasses to complete the look , then ... well , i'm obviously not in your head , but i think if you didn't feel bad about it at all , you wouldn't even be acknowledging it . people who truly don't simply do not think about it . not saying that ... so i somehow ended up reading reviews of ass uncle's books on amazon , and i find it very curious how the writing style of most reviewers matches his poor overly ostentation imitation of wilde prose ... allyrah i don't wanna go shouting not true because i know myself that's the last thing i want to hear while going through a personal tyrade , but i'm pretty sure humanity is all of those things you ... got started on my star butterfly halloween costume today ! : happy : has no friends / life -> creates fantasy world imagination becomes all consuming -> physical reality gets worse leaves fantasy -> instantly bored and must supplement with imagination one of the great things about block was it did allow you to try new things . i got my math and spanish done as a junior by doubling up ( i took both geometry and precalc soph year , etc ) so you actually ... yup i find that dgaf exploration time really crucial to development . i took it during sophomore year and then regrettably a bit when i started college . the last thing i want to be is someone who ... this is a nice summarization of your point at large . not to go off on a tangent , but it describes what i find harmful about what i call our lowest common denominator society . marketing research is ... it's weird how i like to be left alone at home , but in these public situations , i get so i prefer a friend by my side . i feel so exposed when i'm that lone one everybody's starring at . they can see ... idk why i act offended when people assume i'm not interested in befriending or dating them . it's the fucking truth . like that wave of entp that flies over ? it is a wild ride and you gotta do as much flirting as you can while it lasts . but yeah i weirdly loved when we had to fill in every seat , then i could jump in ... you don't even know the fear i still carry around about people laughing at me for sharing my affection for anything lmao . but yeah sweet shy guys seem more approachable ; that is , until you realize ... lol littledreamer i've actually thought this through myself and determined that to be an a + way to ask someone out when you're shy . never actually got around to trying it though . : blushed : oh to ... is it dudebro code to exclusively use the word buddy instead of friend ? and then when i do try to be more expressive , i remember why i'm normally not . people will blurt shit out and make a big deal about everything , it is so obnoxious . in a world that tells us to stick up for and believe in ourselves , and then reprimands us for not listening and screwing up , it is no wonder why everyone's half psycho . i wish i could just admit to liking things rather than settling for fascinated . i'd start this but it's still basically summer with some orange leaves , so i've been in my velvet bikini eating pumpkin ice cream . https://youtu.be/bxlNWruxXFA monsieur melancholy lol i did a search and apparently area code songs are a thing ? ? i am familiar with the guy's other work . he had a new york state of mind ... random question : when there is a 0 in a phone number / zip or postal code , do you pronounce it as zero or like the word oh ? just wondering whether or not this is a regional thing to the 6oh3 / the ... i second this proposal . thanks dude monsieur melancholy and dare i say , you look younger now ? ? maybe it's the ' stache playing tricks on me . i dig the fur btw . i was just thinking this morning that it is the only ... wait there's been a kiddie halloween party ? this pissy princess is inviting herself 7148827148 90 i was more pleasant today i swear 7149067149 38 i really relate to what you've said about him not letting you get in all the way . that's all i really desire to be able to do . but i can't , it's my treasure chest and only i can reach in and hand out ... in one of my fortunes ( it actually spit me out two ) , it basically says i can have whatever i want if i'm willing to ask for it . and i believe that , i believe it's one of my life lessons . and maybe ... i've been thinking today about what a total commitment phobe i am . yeah that's just me having an avoidant problem , but it's also from my upbringing . whether it's been getting locked into something ... allyrah please please do not take this the wrong way , because i have a lot of respect for you , but i'm not sure an open relationship would be the best idea for your situation . while i do get where ... i choose to believe that this happens because it is what we ( aspie or not , i've never thought about it much myself , due of my brother ) are wired for . could you imagine tim burton selling insurance ? ... i went through this a few years ago . that got boring too . at first it felt like an oasis because it was something novel . now i'm back on the other end , because at least then there's a chance it will ... maybe the older generation is afraid to admit to their own dark sides . idk whether it's cute or pathetic when i read this summer's arcade fortune for a boost . ever wanna witness me seething ? listen to me narrate my university's alumni magazine . pr fluff and bullshit accomplishments galore . you are too far into the future now ! if i skip through the civil war years without getting to fight anybody i don't know what i'll do . : confused : while i can certainly be slow to sort out of some of my feelings , i'm likely to remain inactive until then . in contrast , the enfps i've known have been quick to join things or hang out with people , ... ahh yes all my favorite south park episodes are on tonight , like elementary school musical . my ninth grade refuge . also a reminder of how we have stuck in the same culture since 2008/2009 . whenever i get read assertive ( and typically incorrect ) comparisons like , xxx types like _ ! or men / women think like _ ! and i start to feel bothered , i guess that must really mean i'm fi . after having been close to some enfps , i like to say that infps are enfps on the inside and vice versa . that whole very expressive , into a thousand things at once demeanor , that's how i am in my ... '