' do you know what type he is ? in any case , i suggest dropping the suggestive and just talking to him openly . i'm a control freak myself , although not a neat freak . it helps to tell your so that it ... i would think the behavior you describing to be uncharacteristic of enfj . he is either intimidated by you or just doesn't like you for whatever reason . best case scenario , he is under the impression ... i do love traditions and created some of our own . as i got older ( and so did our children ) we became more lax with traditions , especially , if they require a lot of effort . but we follow some . ... being married to intj for 20 years - yes , they get jealous . basically , they are very loyal people and don't understand being scattered in relationships . that said , my intj knows when i'm joking ... sorry , double post yep , several times . a few with my then-future-husband as well . i can't recall details of any of them , but i do remember this distinct feeling of certainty that this is how it's going to be . and later ... excellent question ! i get stuck in both once in a while , probably , equally . i actually learned to recognize ni ti pretty well , so i can cut out of it . fe se still gives me trouble . just that ? i'm not comfortable at all ! ha , i will ! thanks ! music ! nothing physical , actually . so , cloud nine - yes , but nothing that is driving me insane . no , i don't . as long as there are no holes in that logic , of course . i love dark humor , does this count ? : happy : there are some dark thoughts , too . i do have a role and a purpose , but i don't think they necessarily define me , or , at least , none of them define me fully . i think the giver description resonated well . however , some other ... this is the only question that i don't really understand . what does it mean to have a strong sense of identity ? i think so . i believe in the good of humanity , i am striving to do no harm and ... what do you need to know , i'll answer . this is very helpful . i very much prefer one-on-one conversations , but i trained myself to be inclusive when i'm in a large group . that said , i would never willingly put myself in a big group , ... i've usually tested as enfj , but the older i get , the more introverted and introspective i get . i also have very strong ni , probably as the result of living with intj for 20 + years . my fe is there , ... it won't break her if there is something else big she is getting out of the relationship . do you connect mentally ? is there some strong emotion you can share ? an interest or hobby in common that she ... i'm married to intj , and i don't think that lack of initiation is something that is specific to intjs . especially , sexual initiation - my intj never had an issue with it . for you i have one advice - ... i feel that if i had to explain my career choices through my personality characteristics , then my enneagram ( 2w3 ) has more to do with it than my mbti . interesting .. recently i started thinking ... can you explain ? what does my enfj-ness have to do with this ? oh yes , this intj told be multiple times he doesn't trust people with things important to him , and does everything himself . i guess i should follow his example . well , it's exactly that . it's not something i could entirely myself , but i can hire help instead of relying on a friend . really , i think it was a stupid idea on my part : sad : thanks , a very good advice . i actually never gave him a timeline , but gave him a way out , multiple times . he kept saying he would do it . i think he just didn't realize the help i asked about is more than he thought it ... haha , my example isn't real , and i'm a pc gal . i reminded once , and two weeks later my friend promised me he'd get back to me in the next week or so . he said that on his own accord , without me even ... let's say a friend asked for your help . for example , you know a lot about electronics , and a friend asked you to help pick out a computer . you keep saying you'll send them a list of models that are ... if you promised something but then didn't deliver , what could be the reason ? i apologize if i'm intruding in the intj thread , but wouldn't it be fair to say that you also want him less than your freedom of not having kids and being married ? i'm not saying this is right or ... parenting is hard ... i don't really know how to answer this and also there may be a multitude of reasons . i generally like knowing how people close to me are doing . then i can offer support or simply make them feel good ... yes , i want to be updated . your second question is harder - what do you mean by care a lot ? you don't have to be my # 1 person for me to want to be updated on your life . for example , here is my ... i love to cook , but i detest cleaning the house . my house is messy , but our dinners and especially desserts are always good :) . i was going to offer to cook for you if you could clean my house , but ... after more info i agree - he may be not sure of what to do next . perhaps , he needs more time to figure out his own feelings . not important at all , i just don't want to be annoying . i may ask about it next time i see him . i finally did it . didn't say annoying but did mention friendship . the whole day passed before i got a response . i offered to meet again after one of his half days ( the next one is in june , and ... sounds great , considering everything else you wrote about her after this statement . i would say that he is not interested . sorry , maybe it's not what you hope to hear , but here's my thinking : maybe he got embarrassed by your compliment , but it's not hard for enfj to understand what ... i used to work at the same place as my husband , same team , same boss . i started first , then there was an opening that he was perfect for , and he got hired . i was told the company was wary of ... never thought about it this way . i thought it's just me - i'm always questioning everything . should i send you some old spice ? the general rule of thumb is not to do it , unless one of you can afford to quit the job . also , you need to be 100 % sure the other person is not a jerk . doesn't have to turn out to be the one , but if ... what's your relationship to this enfj ? a good one will easily sense your limit , and protect you from overload ( see below ) . i'm enfj married to intj . i've been protecting him from social life ... i know what you mean . when usa had several ebola cases in 2014 , there was this pretty real ( not fictional ) dr . brantly , who caught the disease in africa , but survived . he was given some plasma ... not if they are talking about plasma donation : blood transfusion : blood groups and compatibilities no , it's even worse : the people i see in the office are all part of a different team ( s ) , the one ( s ) i'm not working with at all . so , all the interaction is maybe in the kitchen while pouring some ... fwiw , one intj once told me that i wasn't the kind of girl one falls in love with right away , but the more he got to know me , the more he liked me . i think he meant that i was ok looking , but he ... i really don't need to remember names and faces for job , i stare at the computer screen all day . i associate people's email addresses and skype avatars with what they want from me / i need from them . ... : exterminate : totaally ! : happy : i think internets played a trick on me and ate the ending of my post . gotta figure out what i actually wanted to say . i'm terrible with people's names and faces . i recently started a new job and i only work in the office 2-3 times a week . most people in the office are doing the same , but their wfh days may be my ... i sorta got the same impression . and this is why i agree with . your only way back to the relationship with her is through being friends first . i get a major red flag when you say you ... this is very true , especially , about this specific intj . i think this dinner date felt very natural . i've been out to lunch or coffee with him before , and there was always a pause at some point , ... '