' i am 100 % sure murakami is infj . wish people would stop mistyping him as infp ... ( probably because kafka is one ? ) this is an older thread but oh my gosh , spencer is so intj it hurts . tony is either estj or estp . i sort of lean towards estp because i feel like i see ni . trish is esfj , yeah . cass is type ... what type is ian curtis ? i read infp often and for some reason i don't buy it . a passage from the si page : sometimes a feeling associated with the recalled image comes into our awareness along with the information itself . then the image can be so strong , our body responds ... i think the way she made music videos ( back when she was less manufactured ) shows ne . she loved coming across old pieces of found footage , and piecing them together in a way that felt meaningful to ... she is very clearly an infp 4w3 sx / so to me . she screams 4w3 ! i am leaning towards infp for her though because she uses si . why is everyone saying isfp ? why se over si ? she reminds me of marilyn ... yeah , but that's due to a healthy infj's fe . i am arguing that he's in ni-ti loop , meaning his fe is neglected and repressed ! : kitteh : i'd say she's enfp . am i the only one that thinks leslie the character may be an enfp with well-developed te ? she seems sooo ne-dom . i think the actress that plays her ( amy poehler ) is enfj for sure , though . it would ... i think she's infp , too ! hm , are infjs really known for their agreeableness ? nonetheless , if he's infj he represses his fe , which would account for that . i quoted some descriptions of ni-ti loops ... he's certainly not a healthy teenager , in a typical sense . he's in a time loop , but he isn't really healthy , per se . it's true that you can find loops that match with weird characters , but that's ... i don't think he's a mix , but i do think he's a ni-ti loop for sure . perhaps you might see him as a mix because he might seem like a thinker with his ti . i think he's a infj 5w4 , which isn't too ... istp / infj : ti / ni or ni / ti--schizoid personality disorder . these types are socially incompetent for lack of trying , because they see little to no value in significant interaction with others . they ... the hypnosis scene has nothing to do with cognitive functions . it's not inferior feeling , it's just internalized feelings .. which every type can do . that also could be suppressed fe or even fi . i ... also , the writing you believe she has written to be nt is dripping with ni-ti , infj . infjs are known to be those people constantly pointing out how the government is manipulating us , and our ... i think she's an infj in a ni-ti loop . her struggles sound like it , as well as how much she refers to the disconnection she experiences and the nothingness she observes . i don't see ne at all , she ... ni-dom . i could see both intj and infj , though i am leaning towards intj for some reason ( because yes , i don't see a lot of fe . ) i totally agree with this . i thought infp for wes anderson for awhile , but i'm realizing he's probably isfp ( se , not ne ! ) i give a lot of inspiration and motivation in my videos that is the focal point of his videos . inspiring others . sounds pretty fe to me . also after visiting his blog , i see more fe ! you say you can ... after watching this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U5gDSTMa2Y4 he seems like some sort of xnfj . the nature of his videos seem like they're on the fe-ni axis . the way his eyes move suggest ni , as ... infj in ni-ti loop ? i'm not sure how accurate this is . i score istj when i do the opposite , and i'm infj . it's probably because i've always rebelled against my istj parents , and the last thing i ever wanted to be was ... pretty much what the other user said ! but there are also a lot of differing definitions of introversion / extraversion . for instance , carl jung focuses more on where you place your energy to determine ... i am the pickiest freaking girl . even with casual relationships . damn , it just doesn't make any sense . another tidbit : a lot of mulder's character was modeled after david duchovny himself , who is an infp ( just read his bio and his poetry - - fi + ne galore ! ) oh , something that was interesting to me though ... i remember her saying she stopped shopping at salvation army because they don't support gay rights . i commented and told her that they don't ... ah , i thought you were saying that towards me because i might have seemed to be projecting , hahaha ! : tongue : yes ! they're super helpful in my opinion . i think she has that fe warming smile down ! ... mulder is an infp 5w4 . he can't be a a ti-dom in my opinion . i entertained the thought of infj in a ni-ti loop but he definitely uses ne . if he were a ti-dom he definitely wouldn't put so much ... ? ? ? i do think that demeanor and facial movements ( there's actually an entire series on cognitive functions and people's facial movements on youtube ) can help type . oh dear , the awesome inferior se sex ... ( it's true . it's damn true . ) : confused : even though we're both ni-dom , people would look at us as if we're complete opposites ! he's dark and brooding , and ... yes ! at work i can seem very , very extraverted . not loud , but full of energy ( since my job demands it , i'm a waitress ) . then i come home and isolate myself , haha . i actually strongly prefer ... i thought i'd comment on this . i'm an ambivert ! i do know a lot of infjs can seem extraverted , as well . i refer to others when i need advice , and i talk out my feelings and thoughts to better ... that's an interesting question that for some reason , i haven't pondered . i suppose it's because i mainly focus on the way a guy makes me feel , and i'd rather feel an intense connection and feeling of ... yes , i suppose so . i had a pretty chaotic / abusive past , and that's why i oftentimes feel misunderstood ( which is why i feel like someone being able to understand and accept the darker parts of me is ... that seems to be the type i am most attracted to , but never been in a serious relationship with ... thoughts ? i'd like to add : i'm not attracted to men who are brooding about themselves , but rather , philosophical matters ! ( who are of course , rational about it . ) i don't see it as an unhealthy relationship per se , just a relationship with someone who might be less healthy than most . i mean , i don't think they have mental illnesses , so i'm not sure what ... that sounds like such an awful cliche , but i am such a damn sucker for it . mostly because i empathize with them , and i feel like they'd understand and accept the darker parts of me that i rarely ... boring ? ! not at all ! to be completely honest , i am particularly attracted to unhealthy intjs as strange / bad as it sounds . ni-fi is such an interesting combination . for some reason , i am also ... only ? haha , no not at all . i'm just drawn to those types in particular . my enfp friend is really endearing , too ... i'm pretty sure everyone loves him , as he's so accepting , charming , and effortlessly ... well , that's strange . i've just dated plenty of dreamy boys and i noticed that's a common trait that i find attractive . i'm confused , why would it seem as if i am talking about it as if it is unobtainable ? i just said that it's dreamy . i love men with really powerful presences , and that usually means a piercing gaze . sigh ... so dreamy . my ideal man is : mysterious , complex , dark , philosophical , poetic , intelligent , emotional underneath a colder exterior . outwardly controlled , inwardly chaotic . confident / dominant . kinky ( hehe ) . with ... i'm a 5w4 sx / so , that may contribute . i just think the human touch is a really strange , beautiful , and bonding thing . i love most things that transcend tangible words ( dreams , touch , sensations , ... i'm wondering if this is typical of ni-doms ? i've always wondered about the way my inferior se manifests , whether it be how i can hoard things sometimes , or that i am really sexual who really values ... i am an infj 5w4 sx / so :p roud : it's interesting because i find that i relate completely to almost 5w4 i meet ( which includes intps , entps , intjs , etc ) , though that isn't always the case with ... i'm starting to think bizarre dream sequences is something loved and held dear to infjs ( it is found in a lot of infj film , writing , art ) . story of my life ... it's actually a bit funny . i could really care less about how someone looks , dresses , or whatnot , it doesn't affect me , and it doesn't negatively affect the way i see them . i would never criticize ... '