' i don't plan if i can avoid it . i live in the city so i only walk at night or very early morning if i happen to wake up . when i am out in the country i never stay inside . too much awesome to take in . smile and say hi , what's your name ? practice it in the mirror , man . everything else will just fall into place . if the lady is interested , all she needs is a sign that you're not going to tell ... we're not flippant with trust . we're flippant when it comes to empathy . you know those friends that call you on a regular basis to check up and see how you're doing ? yea , those friends aren't istps ... i'm a very secluded istp . i have this idea that travel is mostly about meeting new people and i lack the drive to do that . i think a less internet addicted istp would probably have a very ... any type can be good at any game . i enjoy a fantastic story ( skyrim ) , a challenging puzzle ( portal ) , a beautiful concept ( limbo ) , etc . however , as an istp , i'm largely in it to win it when i ... i suddenly became unemployed a few days ago , and my mom went ape-shit text-mode . i just have to ignore them otherwise she'll never stop . i return the texts once a day . i know where you're coming ... i suck at guitar . i have one , but it's collecting dust . i have a good sense for music , but don't really have a drive to learn chords and junk . i appreciate people who do , however . this is the only thing i can think about doing if you can't apply your topic of learning to a tangible thing / practical project . otherwise , i never studied in school . i just remembered everything ... on the forehead . that says i'm loved ! being logical , stoic , and useful is a travesty ! we should all snort rat poison . trying too hard to impress us , or others . have some self respect . starting an argument , digging yourself into a logical hole , then trying to absurd your way out of it using things that have ... want some of my thoughts ? i have too many . i'll throw some in a zip-lock baggy for you to take home . or the classic hang out with the resident pet for the duration of the party . it seems to me , and it's often shown in this forum , that istps will usually take the purely logical route as long as the defenseless aren't being exploited . the last question surprised me , ... it would be incorrect because you stated that you wanted to be surrounded by not only intelligent people , but those seemingly unaffected by ego and status ( sheldon cooper is ripe with both ) . which is ... talk to them about it . even in passing . say do you mind if i take time for myself sometimes ? and if they're a healthy individual , they'll oblige . be sure you're not a dick about it though . don't ... i tend to go dead-brained sometimes when out in the city , because it's often sensory overflow and causes me stress from just being in the environment . so , yea , i miss things . it's a switch i ... yea , we have fe . but our empathy is selective . it matters who it is , what has happened , and whether or not we've experienced something similar from which we can pull the related emotion . without ... sit awkwardly quiet until their mouth stops opening and sounds stop coming out . then offer alcohol or hugs if i give a damn . if i care about the problem , no one can tell me it's impossible . i have to try for myself because i have a superiority complex of sorts . i'm more confident in my problem solving skills than i am in ... i never understood their logic on that either . it comes from all of the opposites attract garbage . only they think it's opposite functions rather than opposite order . which sounds like a good ... i think anything delicious or decadent is an istp thing , personally . they're like little shots of se . when someone's nose is whistling . fix that shit . right . now . looks like a bunch of copy-pasta from a variety of sources i've already read . i guess , for efficiency sake , it's a good all-around resource . i need to re-learn math . a decade of nothing but simple money math has taken it's toll . dear esfp , i thought you weren't paying attention . i thought i was manoeuvring around and planting seeds completely unnoticed . you crafty little minx . after 8.5 years , you never stop surprising ... you all have feelings , god damnit ! you're just really damn good at ignoring them . the biggest immediate difference between an istp and an isfp is the ti and fi . istp will weigh pros and cons ... fill the room full of balls from 15 chuck e cheese ball pits . plant pressurized mines around the room . memorize exactly where the mines are . wear flak gear . if i believed in hell , this world would be quickly sinking into it . but i don't , so decorative vegetation for everyone ! if you want it to be just a night out with your friends , let him know . tell him that he's not the only one that needs time . this all comes back to obligation . he's feeling obligated to come over , ... could it be possible that psychopaths have a tendency to physically harm as a way to relate to people due to their inability to relate emotionally ? which , in turn , allows them to feel human . if only ... just start giving her calm suggestions on how to fix her problems . eventually she'll go away because you're helpful rather than sympathetic . people like that don't want help , only attention . i don't like feeling needed . i like feeling respected and appreciated to the point where someone knows that i can , and will help them out if required . feeling needed is when someone requires you ... 1 . why do you not feel loved ? is he treating you badly ? do you feel the need to be loved because you have trouble loving yourself ? if he's still coming over when you call , he loves you . if he didn't , ... do you have any marketable skills or natural abilities ? if you're somewhat physically fit , look for labor work . it will resolve both the money and exercise problems . labor work is usually posted in ... so i've been listening to an audio version of how to win friends and influence people out of sheer curiosity and boredom . at one point the author mentions the futility of arguments , and the fact ... well , that was a good way to kill 10 minutes . who else can we piss off ? istps don't age past their mid-twenties . i give the gift of fucks using my penis . i'm not sure how else to give fucks . does oral count as a fuck ? being homeless probably sucks , maybe you should stop drinking your life away and get a job . this is and example of istp empathy . we recognize the problem and their discomfort , then offer ... what are all these silly songs ? as i understood it , motivation for an intp ( beyond basic needs ) comes from questions . both the asking and answering of them . questions like what if the earth had ... in reality , i think shared functions beat the widely misconstrued opposites attract bullshit in terms of a sustainable relationship . opposite functions ? short term relationship , interesting but ... i'm in it , so talking about computers or related topics mostly . inxjs are better than isxjs in terms of sustainable harmony . infinitely better . i can't put my finger on why . introduced to a group ? i smile and stay silent . maybe a head-nod or something . introduced in any business setting ? shake hands and give a warm greeting and glad to meet you . introduced ... avoid saying can we just be friends ? that shit is weak . clean break , and break all contact for at least a few months . which should be easy for you . this will give him time to heal so he doesn't ... istps bond over activities and tangible things initially . however , once you've penetrated the trust barrier , you'll be able to get a straight answer for any question you can think of . if he's ... i think that spd is fundamentally a misdiagnosis . the shrink is looking at their complete contentment without people as some sort of malfunction , when really , it's possible they've developed it to ... oh , i know . it is just really interesting that a personality type and a disorder are so damn close to each other . '