' white / blue . doesn't really sound right , but eh . it typed me as enfj ( the dolphin ) . i've been trying to figure out lately ( and it's taking too long ! ) if i am an infj or enfj . i have no idea if i should take this quiz into account or not , ugh . link is xnfp - i always thought he was an infp . rhett , clearly uses ti , and i thought he also uses ne , but now i'm actually thinking it's se . he seems a lot more grounded / practical than link , and ... intp , maybe ? not like they need it , but i will defend this type if i have the opportunity . i think their behavior or character may be misinterpreted by some people . i also think you're an xnfj . i'm not confident about saying which one because i am in the same boat here ( not sure which xnfj i am ) . but you definitely seem to prefer / value the xnfj functions : fe , ... i'm a 9w1 married to a 1w9 . every problem in our relationship up to this point has been due to enneagram differences , i swear . haha besides those things , we have a really wonderful relationship ... i think we just simply went from needing to survive everyday in a more obvious way , to now surviving in a more abstract way ( working at jobs ) . working is just a means to gain the resources you need ... same here . e . t . scared me so bad ! ! and it was because of those same scenes you're talking about . in fact , e . t . could've been the first movie i cried over ( but due to fear , lol ) . first movie i ... similar minds ( ix92ve taken this one quite a few times and the order of my top 3 hasn't been consistent ) ni = fe = fi > ti > si > ne > te > se keys 2cognition ( says most likely is infj , but to consider enfj or ... i can ... try . i'll try to explain first what ne and ni look like externally , then i can maybe try to go into detail with what ni feels like inside my head . also , i understandably have a better idea of ... my guess is that you're an isfp . i think you're introverted rather than extroverted .. the way you write and describe yourself makes you seem more concerned about your inner experience - how you ... 1 . no 2 . yes , definitely 3 . sometimes 4 . yes no , the suggestion doesn't sound stupid to me . i personally have worried about this with myself , as a 9 . i very rarely express anger and i try to avoid it , so when it does come out i have difficulty ... either 9-5- 2 or 9-2- 5 . i was quiet , academic ( nerdy ? ) , and kind . i had a main group of friends ( pretty different personality-wise , but all academically minded ) , but i got along with a variety of people and fit into their ... i'm a huge fan of intps ! very easily attracted to them ... it's not necessarily a romantic attraction , but it can be . i find them so interesting and funny and intelligent . agree to some extent about ... i'm going to try to go along with the way he's explaining these , but from my own perspective . i think this is basically what he was saying / trying to get at , but i'll just clarify a bit . i think a ... i agree that she seems like a different person in interviews than in her songs / performing . what both have in common , though , is fi-te . in her songs , her se ( and te - going by her songs alone i ... thank you for your input , . - thank you . i had read some of that before , which is how i knew se and ti seemed right . for the tumblr one , i relate to both se and ti there about ... it seems like that is exactly what's going on . thank you for basically summarizing that so nicely . i'm still kind of stuck on what the function order would be , though . absolutely , i believe i do . or , i at least experience the closest thing you can get to it . everyone i've ever loved in my life , i still have deep love for . not all of them are still in my life , but i ... doing this mainly because i'm unsure about introversion / extroversion right now and maybe by pinning down my inferior function , i can be more sure of what type i am . i identify as an introvert and ... fe shadow process ? maybe fe and either si or ni interacting ? sounds like some problems xntps i know have , but it could probably fit xstps too . of course , i could be completely off the mark here . ... i didn't watch the video , hope it wasn't necessary . i'm pretty sure i'm a sx / so type 9 . i find it rather weird to be sexualized by anyone other than my romantic partner . it's not that i find it ... agree with caleb being an infj . the way he took on abnegation's traits growing up and successfully fit in that faction , despite wanting something else for himself , screamed fe to me . and then again , ... my infj husband has this issue . he has sj parents ( dad - estj , mom - esfj ) and has always kinda been looked at as the child in the family that does things that aren't normal ( direct quote , lol ) . i ... thank you for posting these . husband is 1w9 and i am 9w1 . precisely . both descriptions were good to read , but i thought this was specific enough and accurate enough that i just had to ... i was told that i was a very happy baby . didn't cry much . 1 . current favorite song ? dunno about favorite , but i've been enjoying touch by daft punk for a while now . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Gkhol2Q1og 2 . something you're self-conscious ... i especially like your picture for ni . it's a unique choice , i think , and it's a simple picture but shows a lot more . i think it's really neat how it involves both the future , ... ti : i went a bit of a different route here i think ; it was tricky finding one i liked for ti . i hope it comes across okay . the picture works well by itself , but i think it's even stronger if you ... ni : 484250 4842 58 484266 fe 484274 4842 82 alright , a game i've actually played ! here are my guesses : max caulfield - infp , agreed . haha i found it so funny how she'd comment on all the things you can click on . i've seen her typed as isfp ... these aren't really direct quotes ( some are closer than others ) , but basically paraphrasing what people have said to me . if i left out a type , it's because i'm not completely sure if i know someone ... i'm a heavy sleeper . it probably takes me like 30 minutes on average to actually fall asleep , but once i do , i don't wake up until my alarm goes off in the morning . i'm also a long sleeper , so if i ... your top strength perspective wisdom - although you may not think of yourself as wise , your friends hold this view of you . they value your perspective on matters and turn to you for advice . you ... i think it's been two or three years since i posted my first ( and only ) pictures to this thread . so , i will finally include more here . i married my best friend and soul mate of ten years yesterday ... i voted infj , because i just married my infj of ten years yesterday . :p roud : only in very specific situations . i've never thought of myself as extroverted , and neither do most people who know me . i did start to wonder about this recently , though . i am mistaken as ... you use ni , and quite strongly actually . ni was the first thing i sensed from your post . i am quite confident infj is accurate for you . edit : i see you came to that conclusion yourself . i guess ... i'm thinking entp . i saw ti and ne right away . i had thought intp until i got to some of the later questions where you described yourself as more extroverted . these are your statements that gave ... i'm not male , but the reasons why i like intps are probably pretty similar to why male infjs like you . 1 . really , really knowledgeable and intelligent . seems to me that xntps have my favorite kind ... 1 . observer , on the sidelines , very hesitant to take action with things or talk to people . 2 . care waayyy too much about what other people think of me . huge people pleaser , really afraid to be ... i have always been drawn to lions . i also identify with deer a lot , and to some degree , wolves . also , bats . what animal are you ? - the animal in you personality test a while ago this told me i ... just got back from seeing this , so here are my guesses ! finn : isfp . hm , he's being typed as esfp here a lot , though . i saw him as more introverted , definitely has fi . xsfp at least . rey : istj ... hello enfjs ! i would really appreciate it if you could describe your experiences with a few common situations people encounter in life . they are mostly for me to figure out energy level in different ... 450306  4503 14 450322 his name is oliver . :) don't let this fool you , though . i love dogs just as much . in fact , i was more of a dog person before oliver was in my life . i'm in education / counseling as well . it's funny , everyone i've known in my life also told me i should be a teacher . i feel like i do teach , just in a less traditional manner . i'm currently a ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N5u9xVfxh8A and for the holidays ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-7Ub1x7Arfs question 1 : ni over ne , also some hints of se in there question 2 : i think se ( maybe te ? ) trying to solve the problem in the moment . question 3 : seems like ni and se * at this point i've ... '