' ... when he starts to undress you . this has happened to me on more than one occasion . my reaction is to completely cut them off from my life . i honestly can ’ t do the “ let ’ s just be friends thing ” . it ’ s just too phony and if i still ... yes , and it's usually when i'm more like myself than ever . me : - - - wife : why are you being so quiet ? what's wrong ? me : nothing's wrong , that's how i am , quiet . wife : no you aren't . ... yes i can somewhat relate to those things . it seems i don ’ t show enough emotion in my responses to my “ f ” wife . has anyone else run into a conversation like this with their “ f ” significant other ? ... my life is so f'in exciting i can hardly stand it . bought at lowes for about $ 8 total . http://www.biconet.com/crawlers/GIFs/terroAnt1box.jpg and ... i promise this in not meant to be snide at all . one of the most important things i learned in life is you never really know someone until you divorce them . so yes , the only person i know really ... yes , it does tie the mind in knots huh ? i'll try to paraphrase the point of the link i posted . some galaxies are moving away from each other faster than the speed of light so in essence we are moving ... but the blades are connected to each other through stolons or rhizomes and become part of a larger organism . so in essence they share the consciousness , if you can call it that , of the other blades ... the words to describe most people ’ s first impression have been “ unapproachable , scary , arrogant , asshole . ” i ’ m just curious , but how many people felt like this when they read the tile of this thread ? http://www.calbuzz.com/wp-content/uploads/gun-to-head.jpg i don ’ t know if this is my inherent ... 1 . how do you react when someone yells or raises their voice at you ? this is hard to put into words since many of my reactions are non-verbal . since a child ix92ve been able to convey a great deal ... wait a minute ; are you some kind of humor elitist ? good old fashion humor isnx 92t good enough , it has to be humour ? a humor snob as it were ? i had no idea anyone felt so strongly about dr . pepper . he is so misunderstood you know ? i'm guessing your advice would be to go with the coke ? sorry to bring up such a controversial subject . : tongue : should i get a dr . pepper or just go with a coke ? you wanted random and that's what's on my mind right now , although i don't think it's particularly intp . i'll come up with something deeper later . it's funny but my grandmother was likely the most superstitious person on earth . she would cry over someone putting a hat on a bed . to this day unless i have no where else to put it i won't put a hat ... wow do you people really get all butt hurt this easy ? please allow me to submit a question for the all knowing psycho , erm i mean psychic . should i buy a new car or just take the money and fix ... great post . please allow me to interject , if the unverse is 28 billion light years across and the accepted age of the universe is 13.75 billion years , well you can do the math . it may sound odd ... what was your experience in secondary / high school like ? in middle school i was very awkward and quiet ; i was having some issues finding my niche . there was a lot of turmoil and changes going on ... emotions are illogical so i dismiss them . that ’ s not to say i don ’ t have them but i can ’ t think of a single instance where showing my emotions improved the situation . how often ? i'm not a texting fool but i will text over making a call if possible . with whom ? most often my wife and daughter but i will text anyone i can . how long ? ( n chars ) usually short ... life lesson #459087 : never hit rubber with a hammer . lmao , yes ! to an outsider i must look very odd indeed , but that's nothing new . if there are many around and i'm actually conscious of them , i'll continue on the altered course without completing the ... ok so i never really got why new years is such a big deal . so i throw away my old calendar and put up a new one , big deal , this is a reason for celebration ? i don't get it , if i want to go out and ... gta is a 3rd generation pontiac firebird transam first intoduced in 1987 . my wife is isfj so you share many traits with her . i see a lot of parallels in your relationship with my own . i have to be honest ; i am terrible at filling her emotional needs . i can be very cold and ... my wife is an isfj , so nearly as opposite as possible . i'll just say it does work . we seem to be able to temper the more extremes of each other's personalities . when she gets overly anal about the ... thank you to galaris for asking what we “ think ” about the “ f ” and not how we “ feel ” about it . honestly i don ’ t think about it much at all until i have to deal with some overly emotional person . then ... i am the family dictionary . so yes , apparently i do . you will never see a text from me such as this y r u so dum ? . when i tell people i read the dictionary as a child i love the looks i receive . i rarely play video games . occasionally i'll see a game which uses some kind of breakthrough technology or has amazing graphics or some such and i'll check it out . however , i find it quickly looses ... yes yes they usually shake their heads and walk away . this does not deter me from continuing . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Te-P7B7RB-U when i was very young christmas was special and magical . then something changed , it turned into a season full of selfish people filled with anger and hatred . i don't know what happened but i miss the ... pumpkin pie is just the bomb . the taste is very unique so it's difficult to compare it to anything else . i've never had one from scratch so i'm not sure how different that would be . but yes do try it ... in less than one hour and thrity minutes i a start a week long vacation . the week i return my boss is on vacation so i don't have to deal with him for two weeks , woot ! not to go off topic here but for those of you who may have said to yourself when will i ever need this stuff about things like calculus . well i've been around for quite some time and in the working ... not a feeler thing , i do this all the time . not all parents feel it's their duty to annoy their children . yours is special . prplchknz haz da cooties ? http://www.geekzone.co.nz/images/news/SteveWozniak.jpg not all intp's appear messy . my life is a mess , it's just out of sight . everyone comments how neat my desk is , god forbid they ever look in any of the drawers . denny's grand slam ? that's not just a female thing , i've always attracted the crazy women . ok so it was my laptop that decided to take a crap and not the acer . one of the memory sticks has gone bad . now i'm limping along on half the memory . so my choices are , pay over inflated prices for ... i honestly can ’ t remember the last time but i ’ m sure i was drunk . rarely to never . just a bit of advice , don't ask him how he feels about anything ; ask him what he thinks about it . asking an intp what he feels about something is just way too confusing . he's likely to flee . yes , being a thinker and an introvert can be very ironic at times . most of the time ix92m too lost in my own mind to hear when they speak to me but then they are too busy talking about the latest ... yea , no , my arm could be falling off and i'd just try and figure a way to quietly reattach it . i do things which are uniquely me for them . sort of like something few others would be able to do for them and which would be useful for them . hopefully i can explain this and it will make sense . when you are working on a project for someone and ask for their guidance so you know exactly what they want . then you get either “ i don ’ t know , ... '