music box thank you for your very kind words . they were exactly what i needed to hear after the day that i've just had . today , more than others i felt completely misunderstood and different . i ... never met one , but i imagine it would be a little tricky to find common ground . we'd work together great as colleagues since we're both organised and introverted , but i feel like our conversation ... maybe there's something else on her mind . i tend to go quiet if i have something on my mind , even around people who aren't causing the issue . she may be aware that you're worried and is trying to ... a very intj thing to suggest , so yes ! to answer your question though , i haven't , but will check it out :) yup , i'm an infj and can have a pretty dark sense of humor . i think environment does play a big part on what we find funny though . i live in the uk and most of our comedians tell self-deprecating and ... i'm not an entp so i couldn't say what the meaning of life is for one , but to answer the second question about chaos , i think that it can have lots of layers but not many masks . the thing about chaos ... having an infj personality type , i have this problem by default , lol . here's what usually helps : 1 . talk to a very straightforward and blunt friend or family member . they'll pick up on things you ... based on what you've written , i would say he could easily be infj or and intj . the logical thinking also comes to infjs quite quickly especially with the intuition helping it out and we also have ti ... i'd personally type you as inxj or inxp because you're signature shows that you love to read ( usually an introverted preference ) and your comment shows that you think in depth ( an intuitive trait ) . i ... hi guys ! so i've been on both ends of the spectrum , having been the ' ugly duckling ' that transitioned into the ' pretty swan ' , and one thing i've found is that annoyingly it really is true when ... as a child i really didn't like this film because it didn't have the same happy endings that i was used to in other disney films . as an adult , i love the film . even though it's not the most child ... i'm thinking about how much i've changed over the last 2 years . in some ways for the better while in other ways for the worst . it's made me believe even more that everything happens for a reason ... i don't usually set out to look for any specific traits in friends , yet all of my friends have somehow ended up with similar traits : confused : so to answer your question , the traits that all of my ... guys having to hold doors open for girls , while girls don't need to do the same . i know that it's considered good manners , but if that's the case surely both genders should be holding doors open for ... speaking for myself , the best thing thing you could do is show you care . i'm not talking about physical gifts , but show her through your actions that you really listen to what she says . it makes me ... hey guys ! a couple of days ago someone asked me the following ... if you had a child and they could only possess one of these qualities , which would you choose : kindness or intellect ? so now ... hi ! i'm thinking about changing careers at some point in the near future . personally , the most important thing for me - and possibly you guys too , since you're infjs - is that there is a passion ... - i pick up on patterns very quickly e . g . if someone is behaving differently , i'll usually know exactly why , even when it isn't obvious to others . - i generally know how to make good decisions ... hi guys , there's a slightly older enfp colleague at work who i'm interested in but i have no idea if the feelings are mutual . because he's older , i feel that he tries to be careful not to show ... hi guys ! ok , so i'm feeling a little narcissistic today :P what are some traits you've noticed that feel specific to infjs ? i'll start ... at work , i often feel like the introvert vs extrovert ... thanks guys , all of your responses were really helpful ! i think vividmelody is right . in a lot of ways , this job has already helped me to overcome some of my biggest weaknesses . i'm going to work ... i have the heart vs logic battle all the time ! the best way to work with it is to think about the nature of the problem e . g . if it is a people-based problem , i nearly always use my heart ( the ... hi all ! i used to be able to say with certainty that i was an infj , as i was definitely introverted and loved to think about philosophical ideas , psychology , sociology and anything else that came to ... hi all :) i have a lot of trouble trying to open up with people . while i get along with almost everyone and have a good number of friends , i'e never been able to be my complete self with them . it ... yes , mainly because i can relate to the signature at the bottom of your post ;) i think a balance of the two is important ( intuition vs thinking ) . for example , when making career decisions , the thinking side would prioritise money and career progression , whereas the intuition ... hi bronerd , it's tough to give advice , because there are probably so many other factors that will be influencing your life and decision . some slightly more general advice would be to weigh up the ... thanks for your comment ! i'm pretty similar to your infj friends , as i also tend to come across as serious and reserved so maybe that's what's causing him to be serious / shy . i really don't know how ... hello infjs ! i'm at a point in my life where a lot of things are changing and while it's scary it's also kind of exciting ! for example , having finished uni , i recently started my first job but one ... hello entps ! i need your help figuring out this entp guy . i've spoken to him a number of times and each of those times his behaviour towards me completely changes . for example the first time we ... i do this too ! i think one of the reasons why it works so well is because it kind of forces you to not think too much about the thing that is causing the anxiety , since you're focusing more on the ... it depends on the persons intentions . if what they did was an accident then i would forgive them . i'd be more harsh on myself if i made that kind of mistake though ... but i would eventually learn to ... i'm slightly more left-brained , but mostly even between the two . seems like infjs really are evenly split between the two sides ! it would be good to see how other types score . left brain : 54 % ... thoughtful , insecure , happy and patient . yup ! i'm an infj and feel most drawn to enfps and entps . i love that entps are both witty and very charming , whereas enfps just have a really positive , caring nature about them . i can see what you're saying , and in a way you're right too . i think the problem is that it's not really properly clear what counts as being a part of se . is se just an awareness of physical ... you're probably the first estp i've ever come across . anyway , in regards to your comment ; se is to do with an awareness of your physical surroundings , so of course it would be related to things like ... entps and intjs are pretty hard to read . both have blank , expressionless faces when i talk to them , so it's really difficult to figure out what they are feeling / thinking . intjs are a little easier to ... hi , thanks for your post ! i agree with a lot of your points . i'm definitely a workaholic who panics easily and gets defensive about constructive criticism ( but i have good hygiene ! :P ) . i was ... hello enfps ! first of all i just want to thank you guys for generally being an amazing bunch of people . one of my closest friends is an enfp and the dynamic of the friendship is amazing . i love that ... entj or intj tmlt flirt with almost anyone ? i actually read something recently that described infjs as having a skeptical mind but a sentimental heart , so maybe this helps explain the naive yet judgmental combination . in response to your ... i agree with all of what bender 477 has written . i'm 22 at the moment and have just learnt most of this within the past year ( it's been a steep learning curve ! ) . i think the better fe actually comes ... honestly , i'm kind of the opposite . i'm pretty awkward when it comes to physical touch , even hugs with people i'm close to . i'll be more likely to do small gestures with people i'm close to , like ... i think people tend to get a little intimidated by my perfectionism . i've noticed that people who are usually carefree and playful , try to become more formal and ' proper ' around me . so maybe we're ... when do you bring your presence to interacting with others ? whenever i'm in a new situation and it seems like others are having trouble socialising or are just shy . if the atmosphere's already ... lol , most of the time i'm too busy daydreaming about something that i usually notice too late that someone i know is walking past me . by the time i've decided how to react ... they're already gone ! ... maybe without realising it , there's something else on your mind that's making you less interested in learning . personally , i become less infj-like when stressed e . g . i have virtually zero interest in ... one thing that's really helped me is to use your n on outward things . for example , usually i daydream about something in the future or past , but instead if you use n to process what you're seeing , ... usually i wouldn't try to seek revenge . i'd just ignore them , making it clear that whatever they do doesn't matter to me as they don't matter to me . that usually annoys them enough , without me having ...