' nailed it . bingo . from my own experience ( others may be different ) , my ocd is definitely a factor in my adhd . with my thoughts running rapidly , it's hard to sort them out and prioritize them . i have always ... from what i've read , it's a result of dopamine deficiency or the brains lack of efficiency in regulating it . other disorders do not necessarily cause it , but accompany it . the two have some symptoms ... to some extent , we have to conform , unless we have some talent that is so extraordinary that it can catapult us into importance ( importance based on some need ) . i'm in retail management , currently in bridal jewelry . i went to school for history and english . i didn't have a clear plan in college , but now in my thirties , i realise a career in personal training ... for i , it's quite ironic . i feel the same as you , but my depression fuels my poetry . my poetry draws people in , but i only let them see so little of me . then again , i want people to have more of me ... here i am 166826 quietly in a chair with a pen in my hand and my final poem near completion . that thanks you , and yes 1981 was an excellent year . atwa is a song by system of a down on the album toxicity . i was born in 1981 . i'm dating an infj . she is the second woman i've ever fallen in love with . our connection was instant and i was surprised that she could get me to express my feelings so quickly . i almost forgot how ... are any infj in a relationship with an intp ? i'm curious as to how that works out for you , though i know any two types can work out . without a doubt . my mother is esfj . i'm 32 with kids and she actually tries ( unsuccessfully ) to control who i date and how i raise my kids . esfj mother and sister . intp father . enfp sister . our upbringings sound very similar . conversing with you requires an act of congress . your head is in the clouds ( nope , just gathering information ) you're weird you always have to be different from everyone else ( no , i just am ) ... i enjoy being kind and doing things for people at times , until it bites me in that backside . then people try to volunteer me to take care of things , rather than ask . i have to put my foot down , ... oreos and hard cider . i think it's worth a shot these oreos taste great . how do you suppose we get these two intps together ? personally , i've never dated a woman that didn't have an e or f , if not both . i grew up as the first , then college happend and i progressed into the second by the time i was 21 ( dropped the ivory tower crap around 25 ) . thank god i got laid at 19 . looking back on it , that ... aaaah , the i was misdiagnosed , so everyone else is too ! thing . it's very real . ne has no fury like adhd . it's one thing when i have a ton of thoughts running through my head , but the impulse ... my father and i are intps . my mother and younger sister are esfjs . my older sister is enfp . my younger sister and mother are basically the same person , two overbearing , judgemental women . we disagree ... welcome ! the part about the stereotype that estjs are usually male . i personally didn't see that stereotype ( or every other stereotype ) , since i've grown up around so many in my family . maybe i'm a little ... nope . my female boss is one . i find her pretty awesome . actually , i've met a few cool estjs and some i couldn't stand . that's with every type . why ? ? ? is this an attempt at trolling ? sums it up nicely . :-P really though , each person will have deviations from this , so it is not absolute . heck , most of my test end in a near 50/50 p / j . 1 . ) 40 living at home in their parents basement . 32 , moved back in , bout to get back out ( child support hurts ) . 2 . ) 40 year old virgin two kids 3 . ) socially deprived never really cared 4 . ) game ... sagittarius , i doubt it . the religion topic wasn't about her , but people in general . i realise i didn't clarify that . when she and i talked about religion , it was short and quick . her - why won't you come to church with ... doesn't talk much , military ( hell no ) , an asshole , in my own world and intimidating . when i decide to open my mouth , they find i'm open-minded , funny , and will talk a lot to people i trust and like ... so many people act like attractiveness is a set standard . there have been many women who are considered attractive that i never saw the big deal about . attractiveness for me is more than how a woman ... i agree completely . a lot is assumed based on appearances . i have a muscular build , short haircut and wear fitted clothing . people are surprised that i write , used to draw and graduated in history ... i did this often to an ex-girlfriend . she hated me for it . i'm still surprised that we lasted for so many years . i still feel the itch to do so when religion pops into conversations , but i hold back ... i googled some mbti topics and i was brought here . i read interesting things and signed up a few days ago . i think i'll stay . it's a song from the system of a down album toxicity . aside from avoiding the crowds , i know i'll never do anything after work , so mornings it is . i have two kids who stay with me at varying times of the year , which makes morning easier as well . what is your job ? i almost said four , but it's five . i've done too well of a job forgetting about my regrettable first . grey or green . my outlook for the future of this world is not promising . i like running two or three times a week as well . the one thing i will add is that i go to the gym super early , b / c i can't stand when a lot of people are there . some don't mind , but it drives me ... i've been a gym rat for eleven years . i wake up early to get my day started . i can't imagine not lifting and keeping my body in shape , which some say intps are prone to . what is your physical ... i've been in leadership roles in different jobs for nine years now . it has its good points and some i can't stand , like the tedious paperwork and other administrative duties . people say i have a ... pisses me off ? people who talk down to you like you're an idiot when you don't agree with their opinion , though you use logic to show them that it's not an opinion . they are just wrong . in other ... how have you not throttled her by now ? i'm lucky enough not to have run into someone like that , but it sounds like an inconsolable pain . sevendust - denial i don't have any words for this . oh wait , i do . you just described the tempest i slowly trudged through , on and off , for ten years , only b / c we had a kid involved . that isfj woman was the worst ... i'm an agnostic atheist . no person can say they know for certain the existence or non-existence of deities , though i feel the likelihood of one is slimmer than a strand of baby hair . i grew up with ... actually , yes . i know exactly what you mean . i have felt the same way in the past . as you mentioned , most people will not listen unless you have a strong ability to appeal to the emotions and senses ... the more i understand of myself , the more i crave to learn . i know the journey to understanding myself as i am right now is endless . how could i stop trying to understand myself as i grow and change ... '