' i hated english , easily my worst subject when i was in school . i like punk , sometimes listen to rock as well . 1 . what is your sexual orientation ? straight . 2 . do you regularly do drugs ? ( for the purposes of this survey , i'll include alcohol . ) no . 3 . how many relationships have you had ? 0 4 . do you ... there are a large number of spaces missing from the first post , that is the most interesting thing about it , that is not a good thing . i usually prefer to leave it un-boxed on a pillow . 3 stages 1 ) irritated , show know signs . 2 ) more annoyed , may glare lasts longest 3 ) finally snap and the source discovers how unpleasant i can be , violence possible . this thread has gone from someone claiming intjs are not gods to saying which intjs are which gods . it is actually pretty easy to do number one on strangers , people have a lot more private info online tha they think , this is * not * from personal experience . there are three ways : reset their password , this requires access to their email , the password to that can also be reset by correctly answering security question the answers to which are ... intj 3/5 5/5 0 no 3.5 / 5 silver granted you get a cheeseburger with roadworks . i wish for ten wishes which shall not be ruined . we would need to send each particle separately so how many are we talking and do you consider a nuclear reactor a safe power source ? exactly like this : . i might be able to do it , providing you are a single particle . superstition and karma are both illogical nonsense . i certainly dislike more of humanity than i like , but i would not say i am a misanthrope . it is full , 50 % liquid , 50 % air . try looking at cognitive functions as intjs and intps have no common functions . vodafone uk . iphone 4 , on contract until 2013 so no updates , jailbroken . i use it for my email , the internet , books , games , news and generally allowing me to do the stuff i usually use a computer for without ... i know intjs have a reputation as villains , not certain why . 1 . what's your personality type ? intj . 2 . how's your pain threshold ? high . 3 . on average , how many hours of sleep do you get per night ? 4-6 most days , 7-8 on weekends when i lie in ... intj , i have 6 friends . you spelt cliché wrong i have aspects of both sides , but consider every political viewpoint i have seen flawed , i have however come up with my own view on how everything should work . people who are friends first before anything significant others family ( immediate ) someone i'm interested in hopefully all of it . i challenge you to disprove rule 34 , go . granted , they really make clothing hard to wear and don't even let you fly . i wish for this wish not to have been made . if you really can't ask when others are around then just text , you would not have been allowed the number if that was unwelcome . that won't work the infjs are apparently scared to be in the same forum as intjs does-anyone-else-get-scared-when-they-enter-nt-forums your next dream is corrupted by an intj and you are mentally scarred . i have a dream of being god . the page shows up before the message appears so you can print screen it . it's because it is 2 letters shorter . 12 , all in avoidance . i guess that makes me normal , first time for everything . try spiky clothing coated in an irritant or poison , depending on how much you want people to stop . you can't , you got someone else to make this for you . 1 . ) geniuses - yes . 2 . ) psychopaths - no , has anyone said yes . 3 . ) no feelings - i have them , but do not allow them to affect decisions . 4 . ) atheist - yes . 5 . ) cocky - yes . 6 . ) not romantic - i can ... i fail to see how incompetence on the behalf of those who write dictionaries means words are used wrongly . if you can remember any of the post content you could try googling site : ersonalitycafe.com < what you remember > words are defined by how they are used , meanings change over time , the new meaning are perfectly correct . the switch editor button ( the one that changes from showing you the bbcode and wysiwyg ) is not responding to my clicking on it , is there anyway to fix this , i am using firefox . you don't exist . thanks received 278 thanks given 152 i think that is an okay ratio . i'm not prejudiced , i hate everyone - my keyring . istj seems to fit . capital punishment we should use it for all crimes as it is a much cheaper in the long run than imprisoning people , provided an efficient method is used , the world population is growing and will ... no . sounds more like ocd to me . most statistics say they ( intjs ) represent 2 % and that infjs are the rarest . '