mooni wut y r u here m8 edit : okay i entirely thought this was the istp chat thread i'll just leave i mean the original was def ' , :/ but i'll accept this evolution ;P love travelling , for the independence , and getting to see and experience totally new sights and weather and food and languages and people ( in that order heh ) and basically what i want to do with my ... oh look , i've been summoned . if you don't want me to see stuff , you probably shouldn't tag me in it ;P i ended up isoing the mod in an attempt to find the flips before i started reading anything , and then didn't write down where i got info from . so yeah , i got myself killed xd lol tbf i did think it was in the op i read in a mod post somewhere xd reckon i got myself shot tbh xd : blushed : yo the exact same edit button - man , i've missed you . yeah , be careful or you'll get sucked in >:D hellooo there : o i'm a freakin ' mole . or a bat / snake as the other options happy 3001 ;P i count 8 istp threads updated in the last 22:44 hours vs . 23 entp threads we don't really like to talk much , do we xd so what's stopping you ? : tongue : yeah exactly . i mean , it's not like i have no friends or anything . i have far too many friends and i don't know how i got most of them , heh . i just have no interest in strengthening relationships ... well , in england , but yeah pretty much . normally around 7 hours . the timing of this varies greatly depending on what day it is . human interaction has seemed so pointless recently . like , with any luck i'll never see most of these people again by the end of this year . can't really be bothered to put any energy into improving ... why am i so averse to expressing enthusiasm about anything i actually care about ? seriously , it's like i have a mental block or something . just saw an advertisement for ' up to 100 % protection ' . naaahhh , really ? dear estj , can you sort out your own problems for once in your life and stop coming to me for advice on how to talk to people . like , seriously . have you met me ? you're fucked , mate . cheers , ... 17 yay me i love how everyone's all rawr we're staging a takeover join us in our glorious victory or be thwarted in our wake and we're all eh not feelin ' it . dear esfp , please stop running off with the headtorch while we're climbing through a cave . i quite like having functioning ankles . istp . i want a car . ewww , intuitives . istp , skeptic i read that as in polish as in poland and was very confused about why you wanted to make your swedish sound more polish : tongue : well , feel free to give us more points anyway 0 :) yes , two of them . hush : tongue : okay okay , we know we're about a month late . but . late entry ? : tongue : vocaroo | voice message with alette and theobroma yes . even though he'll eventually start to understand mbti and ultimately abandon me , but we'll always be type buddies in spirit . definitely . sup : cool : we have way better emoticons than mu , i think you'll enjoy it here :P it had to do with which pages loaded fastest , certainly ... : tongue : i did it o / lol my judging criteria were dodgy as fuck but hey the main thing is i did it , right ? xd so i was at sports day on wednesday and i lost the entire mid-pitch range on my voice from yelling ' encouragment ' . now the logical next step here is probably to rest , drink lots of smoothies and try ... how soon is soon ? ( literally trying to put a duet together right now :P ) why won't some people take credit for their own achievement and feel pleased with themselves , rather than attributing all their success to the interference of a higher power / deity ? ( don't mind me , ... the original key was really high and i sing at man pitch so i moved it xp but you're welcome to the earporn ^ ^ 359562 ahem . is this any better ? i got distracted by all the cool stuff on audacity so now it , uh , echoes ... wasn't me :P vocaroo | voice message i'd love to thank this but i'm a judge so i won't yet :P do you need me to send you a louder version ? and omg your narwhay-speak is so pretty :D if you need it louder poxy i'll re-upload it - not sure why it went so quiet > _ > ahaha , that's not me playing , that's my computer playing :P polexiasmallpox here ya go :D vocaroo | voice message the accuracy of the transcription is kinda better at the start purely cuz i got lazy later on ... and the guitar tune at the end doesn't exist ... yeah that sounds easily doable , tell me what you decide and i can probably do it by tomorrow night ^ ^ you don't need instrumental but i can make you one if you want depending on which song it is :P dude . : listening_headphone the thing that bugs me is the : listeningheadphones one .