' i am an enfp and sincere to a fault ! but ... that being said i am also a great liar . jack of all trades , master of none , certainly better than a master of one i say go with it . all out . you'll reach a point someday where you'll be so thankful for all those skills , and all that ... these balloons are getting annihilated lately . actually i have a friend who is terrified of balloons ... its quite a spectacle lol . oh yeah ! welcome to the forum :D people of the non-cookie cutter variety . for the same reason , the suburbs are unappealing to live in . for sure , but i don't mind at all ... i used to be pretty indifferent about small talk , but as life goes on , & more and more shit happens you can use can use that to relate to whatever ppl say ... it ... lol - cool idea :) class clown . do you get that a lot ? i've always noticed that people are very quick to open up to me ... nice to see its a trend :) lol harsh ... ... you're sweeping the floor and stop to save the innocent bug caught in the maelstrom . oh and boiling lobsters sucks ! true dat ... and it sure gets those wheels turning ! i had to go for speech therapy when i was 19 ... had a brain tumor and removing it paralyzed one side of my face . not too helpful for the original post , but i bet there are a lot of other situations ... idiot ... :P what i hope for you ( & in a way this is happening to me now ) , is that at some point you'll reach a level where all these seemingly random skills , all the education you have , & everything else you've ... everything has a use , or a demand , else it wouldn't be offered . useless or unenjoyable to one person , the course ( whatever it is ) , may be invaluable to someone else . earlier today a random woman in the bank overheard me talking and told me i should be on the radio - made me smile :) someone should wash that mouth out with soap . inuit ... and the sweet , soothing sound of them throat singing ... i'm going to heck . there is nothing more gratifying than keeping your mind 2 sentences ahead of the conversation ... i consider it a fine art to have a snappy answer for just about anything . even better to be able to ... enfp - usually between 1 am & 3 am ... and up between 7 and 9 . i can nap anywhere , anytime though ... like voluntary narcolepsy . look at the bright side , it could read stomp a kitten , which technically is the same thing ... hey ! i resemble that ... do you revel in every opportunity to be the color commentator in the room ? i'm incessant ... not usually in an obnoxious way lol . ha - that's true for sure ! minus the purse ... i'm not * that * sensitive all the time ... and sensitive welcome aboard :) hi gringo & welcome :) i would love to record audiobooks , or be a narrator , maybe work in radio - something like that . world peace and all that jazz too :P i enjoy both , immensely , but i do notice i tend to get squirrelly if there is nothing to look forward to in my immediate future . like even if i had plans in a week but nothing in the meantime , ... haha - seriously ? that would explain the sudden , uncontrollable bouts of aitp ... ( ants in the pants ) very true . especially the part where ... well , all of it . kj lol - i wish i had all the time back i've spent looking for my keys ... or my cell . i started leaving my keys in my boot when i come in ... hello & welcome :) i'm an enfp 6w7 , 4w5 , 1w9 , and a jack-of-all trades type ( though i like the sound of generalist better ) ... and my interests are * very * scattershot . almost anything can interest ... thanks :D i tried to find a balance in the post with enough detail to at least be interesting , and not give out my credit card info ... weirdos and the internet go together like peas and ... i posted a * blog * in with the blogs but it isn't really a blog . i can't figure out how to undo it , so now i must go to bed with feelings of embarassment and remorse . and then i went ahead and had ... ( be warned this gets rambly ) most of my entire life has been rather chaotic , in one way or another - and it seems to follow me around . sometimes i feel like i am caught in a string of rather ... posted it in the wrong spot ... imma noob :( ( be warned this gets rambly ) most of my entire life has been rather chaotic , in one way or another - and it seems to follow me around . sometimes i feel like i am caught in a string of rather ... '