' dear universe , we had a fight last night . but i think we communicated pretty well . i think i am starting to get it . sure , i say that every couple weeks and then seem to creep back down . but ... i know that there is a dear anon thread . i have participated it in a few times . i believe it to be a wonderful and sometimes cathartic place of expression in a safe environment . what i want to say ... i don't see my tendency for being honest as something that is too much or it being too honest . my honesty , my diligence , my ability to read the play , call it how it is and stand up for those ... recant . am i missing something ? you are upset that people derail threads ( yes plural ) where you constantly reiterate how important looks are to you and how you only like certain races of people when ... that's a beautiful idea . i would love to hear more about it . what happened in the dream ? what happened that brought you back and experience the newborn sensation . do you have any insights to ... i take great pride in my level of affection . are there people out there that are a little weirded out by it ? probably . but if i choose to have those people in my life as they choose to have be in ... to the king of dreams i embrace you and squeeze you tight . thanks for being here , pal . this is my whine ... i posted in here ' cause i needed a hug .. my post got missed over . could i please ... i've been all the colours of drunk in the rainbow of inebriation . happy angry loud quiet helpful destructive funny sexy hello my friends ! how are old are you ? 33 where are you from ? calgary , ab , canada how long have you been on personality cafe ? i've only been here since january this year . not long at ... dear anon , not cool . you should have either taken it with you or packed it and sent it to your friends with the rest of your shit . i didn't need to find that sitting in a bag today . that's ... sometimes we have to learn the most important lessons through a difficult and unfortunate set of circumstances .. i'm sorry that you have to endure this , but the lesson about learning that not ... i reach out my arms to mojo 415 . i step in close and bring him in . i wrap my arms around him and embrace . i squeeze tight . be well my friend . have a great weekend . it was good to see you . i used to hide behind my anger . the anger or rage would manifest because of a deep sadness inside of me . i have learned from many months of intense introspection that this was the case . one of the ... do you find that your happier dreams are a better filter showing you who you are more than the nightmares are ? did you happen to look into your nightmare and what it might mean ? i am going to do my best and not take offense to the fact that you said i was whining as that is a pretty degrading and insulting way of putting it . i was preemptively disclaiming my thread as it's ... i saw you thread name and only could think of a song from my youth shadowy bangers from a shadowy duplex by chixdiggit haha welcome to the party ! hello my fellow canucks ! welcome to perc ! hold on , it's gonna be a wild ride of discovery about yourself and others . you're gonna have a blast or we'll catch you in the corner weeping to yourself ... because many of my dreams are very vivid and some have a lasting affect on me in waking life , i do tend to look at them . i believe that ones dreams are not just simply a random firing of neurons but ... i feel happy when i accomplish the trials and learning of becoming happy . lame way to reply .. but it's the truth . now , i appreciate that this probably isn't the first thread about dreams ever written in these forums . it likely won't be the last either . but i was looking to have somewhat of a conversation about ... i hope that is what he wants as well , my friend . you have a lot invested and your love for him is strong . be proud of that . if anything , be truly proud of that . with this being a matter of the ... tinkerbell is the god damn cutest ! 9/10 because she's not real . what a thread ... i want to participate .. but i admit , it hurts . what is infidelity to you ? the lie . the promise they made that they broke . how much are you or have you been willing to ... your values are you own . as long as they don't hurt anyone then people need to keep their objections to themselves . they won't , but they should . when people come at you about the choices you make ... first and foremost . i'm sorry . i understand your pain and i'm sorry that you are having to deal with this . my wife , who is not an enfj has done the exact same thing . reading your post was a bit ... what an interesting thread . i like it . in my life what is my biggest problem ? it's me allowing myself to become complacent with my own capabilities it's continuing to take on responsibility ... dear anon , tomorrow would have been our anniversary . i write that without knowing what else to say . the expectations of your return are gone . i stare blankly at that sentence . a thousand times ... writing poetry making chainmail drumming making pottery perler bead art teaching myself piano knife making knitting i know it's more than 5 .. but i am doin ' a bunch of shit right now and ... a very interesting thread . i have thought about this passively for so many years of my life . i had always wondered the parameters around these actions in my life , but i never stopped to actually ... that i need to let go to steal from cher_to_the_z - that i need people and need to be around people a lot more than i thought i did . that i need a fresh start . that i am scared to death to ... so , because only 2 of you posted in here .. this is directed at the 2 of you . you don't find that since learning more about how others act / react your observations about others have changed ? i am ... ... and i happen to like to do both . the questions i'd like to pose to all of you are ; now that you're aware of your type and are you're becoming more familiar with the notions of different ... thank you for posting and sharing . there was something you said that caught my eye and i wanted to reply to it . i am a very firm believer that there is no such thing as a negative emotion . emotions ... my friend is missing from that thread ... looks like we got a mystery , hardy boys ! say whaaa ? there is something that is more than what we think we are . it's out there , it's right here . you're touching it right now . it's something bigger . something that ties us all together . something ... it would be as great as having cut up hot dogs in your kraft dinner it would be a magical as a wizard who conjures up nachos it would be as beautiful as a unicorn doing a somersault . none of ... i find that the location of the physical manifestation of my emotions depends on the type of pain is taking place . for example , heartbreak , well .. that happens right in my chest . right near my ... i would love to see a banned section of perc . where we could wander through the proverbial halls and see those who were banned and the reasons why they were . we could talk about it and giggle oh ... dear anon , i find myself talking to you a lot . though you're gone , i still love you . you told me to move on . you told me you're done . i still fucking love you . i am hurt deeply that you chose ... i feel sad because you don't know who that is ... he's the greatest old bald man you'll ever know . i also don't know if my spirit points were based in sarcasm . i choose to believe they were sincere ... you can find us by lookin ' for someone on the sidelines who is lookin ' at peoples happiness and smiling ear to ear you find us by locating a group of people listening to a single person and ... guilt . a steady , non ending stream of i'm so sorry .. i really shouldn't have done that and that was totally my fault fucking guilt . * sigh * good thread . thanks for makin ' it . i used to find it tiresome . then i realized that my people pleasing was an action to satisfy something that's inside of me . when i realized that i derive pleasure out of it , it stopped being a ... i constantly think about why didn't i do something sooner . the only think i can of as to why is that i am scared of change . and because of that lack of willingness to take control of my own life , i ... i deserve my time in the spot light ! my last post was skipped ! kissing skeletons are awesome . 8/ 10 6/10 looks like a fly that got squished by a newspaper ! splat ! if i could thank this post 1000 times i would . the owls are not what they seem oh .. i'm sorry .. i was talking about peanut butter and jam .. har ! i don't think i quite grasp the idea of switching from shadow self to switching to judging . i wonder because when i took my ... '