' haha ! its done gracefully ;) :P basically i swim with a fin called a monofin and a fabric tail over the top of that ( so swimsuit material ) basically my monofin just helps propelling me while i do the ... i love swimming ! i grew up going to the beach ( mums from a beach town ) and taking swimming lessons / just water activities in general ! so as a sport i love it and more specifically i now swim as a ... expect anything and everything i guess haha ! if you want to prepare you can always brainstorm the kind of things she likes to do that you feel she might take you to do ! just have fun and be prepared ... adventure ! i've been on quite a few adventures now and its my favourite part of travelling ! whenever i get to a new place i just like to wander around and explore the new area , i try to go in as ... i have one from hanging out with my friends last night ! as a younger teen i was very insecure and i had asked my close intp friend wether she thought i was pretty ! and in my mind i think i just ... depends for me ! i get really excited and distracted by everything i see but then when it gets to the point that i've spent quite serious amounts of money on clothes or other books i saw and had to ... i dunno , i feel like so much of the time people aren't really craving after enfp's as much as the idea they have in their heads of what an enfp is ( or like the perfect and very stereotypical ... probably not the craziest but its for sure the most embarrassing ! i was walking around my friends suburb with her and two other girlfriends and i had the bright idea of playing roundabout tiggy on ... anything ! ideas , inside jokes , feelings , fears , religion , life , i love to ask my friends deep and meaningful questions so i can better understand them and then say something really stupid or random ! ... it moves through my shoulder cause i'm really an animated cartoon ;) and i meant cursing but i touch type way to quickly for my own good which means sometimes i have typos and don't realise ! :) haha ! its so hard though , when people are interesting my full force just comes out purely because of the excitement ! maybe others should tone it up so we don't have to tone it down ? :P xd like in every disney movie ! ( no really i wish it was like that ! ) my reality is that i wake up with hair like anna from frozen excited for the day ! sometimes with added cursing of my intj and intp ... italic purely because i like the way its slanting :) i have a question for you guys ! :) i basically find you all completely unreadable ! i'm pretty good at reading people and being able to tell what they're thinking and feeling but its so hard when i'm ... if you're sitting down somewhere for half an hour , do you like to people-watch and observe others , or keep busy to yourself ? people watch ! :) i recently went to a humanist meeting with my friend ... yeah , i've literally jump scared myself before at friends houses and i occasionally get scared of how my brain is wired ( it can be very weird ) but its al part of the fun ! :) haha ! yes ! i do ! or at least i think it was last year that i found out most people i'm super close with no where intimidated by me first because of my very loud , open ways and the fact that i draw ... yay ! icy heart thats awesome news ! i'm so glad it went well ! ! ! :D interesting question ! also i have no idea when people are interested in me ( i can't even tell when people are flirting ) . i think its more of a situation where i'm fine with reading body language and ... yes ! and where i live there's a huge theatre community so there's alway shows to go and see ! they're doing rent soon and i'm super excited ! i'm getting all my friends to come with me and see how ... i went on a trip to melbourne recently with my best friend and we did a steampunk photo shoot ! it was so much fun ! 561994  5620 02 mjn ! you're so pretty ! ! ! i'm tall and have fairly long legs so i usually walk quite fast ! i also have quite wide hips so they sway as i walk and i'm always swinging my arms ! my shorter friends usually say they have issues ... yes ! i also like kissing a lot ;) :P honestly you're so freaking cute ! and i love the flower :) haha yes ! that was my intention ! i saw your avatar and just wanted that to happen because so cute ! <3 * gets really excited and kisses you on the cheek ! * <3 < . < haha ! they only secretly love it sometimes haha ! sometimes i forget that they just need to be left alone ! :P also yay ! * hugs * :) <3 < . < i think its possible to meet someone that fits all your ideals and i guess has all the elements and characteristics that you want and i've always been the kind of person who has a lot of aspects that ... my answer will probs suck ! sorry haha ! i just don't really know how i keep my energy up ! though you can tell when i'm tired and i can be quite vocal about it ! i think for me personally its just more ... i consider my self secretly evil ( i'm also very bad at being secretive and subtle ) and i like to say stupidly evil stuff :P also thanks ! lots of people call me adorable haha ! i like it ! its way ... what can i say ! i'm a classy lady and i love christmas in july ;) why wait the whole year when you can get in 6 months early :P < . < oh my gosh haha ! bluechristmas 06 i think its meant to be ! we were destined to share christmas together ;) :P < . < <3 bluechristmas 06 * hugs back * yay ! <3 honestly why are you all so freaking cute ? i want to just hug all of you ! ! ! < . < <3 :P i've been in a romantic mood recently :P 559178  5591 86 559194  5592 02 that really depends haha ! i'm always the one in my friend group to be extremely distracted ( either in my head or just chatting away to everyone ) and then walk into a pole / tree , or trip into a garden ... i'd like to say that i am but it really depends ! i'm good at observing people ( mostly because i've had bad experiences with strangers and now i'm super observant of what people are doing around me ) ... i would find their biggest weakness and use it against them in the most adorable way possible ! a lot of my friends hate cuddling so if they were my mortal enemies and i had to execute them i would ... i'm just going to go ahead and say that i agree with everything vitamin said ! i also just wanted to say yay ! thats really exciting icy heart and i hope your date goes awesome ! best of luck ! and ... first off there's no need to apologise for asking too many questions ! its not a flaw ! and i'm happy to answer as many as you have ! i guess if you want to talk to people just ask them how there ... i hang out in coffee shops and at the beach , or you'll just hear me when i'm walking around with my friends ( i'm the one who's talking so loudly it sounds like she's yelling ) :P i don't know about ... 556074  5560 82 556090  5560 98 how long have you worked on a single project the longest before you got bored : for me it would have to be the solo drama / solo shakespearen excerpts i did in drama competitions . my teacher would have ... i love what you said ! i've always put integrity as a top aspect of someone i'm with romantically , and also i'm quite stubborn in the same way so i appreciate when people are like that :) i'm insanely in love with disney tunes ! my friends get so sick of me because i'll be walking along and start singing disney in front of them and other people ! at the moment i'm really into frozen ... i love singing ! i sing all the bloody time and i never stop ! i especially love musical theatre and prefer to sing songs that have interesting musicality ! so i do sing a lot of broadway :P i also took ... this ! ! ! i agree with kaleidescope on everything ! i had a guy come up to me at work yesterday who was really confident and i didn't know what to do , i just kind of froze and went really shy . its ... i'm doing okay right now ! :) <3 i'm excited for what the future holds as much as i'm sad to leave the people here that i love ! and i can always fly back to see them . the other thing is that its not ... yes ! oh my gosh ! thats the sweetest thing ! i have a necklace that my best friend gave me when i turned 18 and it has a heap of charms on it that she said reminded me of her / to live by and its the ... '