' class clown . i made a joke out of everything i wish i could smack some sense into this person because i'm tired . i don't know many intps out there , but the ones i've met always have something interesting to say that i've never bothered to think about beforehand . it's pretty sweet . if you're an infj , and i'm an infj , then who's flying the plane ? i think people assume that estps talk a lot and are really obnoxious because of extroversion + sensing . they tend to mix talkative in extroversion and active in sensing and believe we are ... your personality type is : estp preference clarity categories : ( slight , moderate , clear , very clear ) clear extraversion : 18/21 clear sensing : 23/26 very clear thinking : 23/24 clear ... are all intps this hypocritical ? or do you guys actually take pride in being different ? no one cares dude cerberus . badass guard dog right ? truly a masterpiece 24 estp and i like ... good question tbh . some anime i really like include : bungou stray dogs natsume yuujinchou servamp yuri on ice aoharu x kikanjuu osomatsu-san hello , nice to meet you and welcome to the forum ! ! hello and welcome to the forum ! it's nice to meet you ! eight to nine hours . i make sure i go to bed early , too . you're my favorite person on this website estp with a mystery gender . most attracted to : intj , istj least attracted to : infp , entp , intp estp . i love sunshine , no clouds . my favorite time of day is late morning to noon . i like cooler temperatures , too . depends on how you look at it . if you go into a speech or presentation with a negative attitude , then it's not going to get any easier . i've taken the class public speaking , where we presented ... my username is black bear because i love bears . especially pandas though but those names were taken ; __ ; gotta settle for second best bear . my avatar is from a new vocaloid song i really liked ( don't ... thanks everyone for the warm welcome ! you folks are too sweet . this is the nicest thing ever , thank you personality cafe user wooster.sauce what about an estp hug ? we give some good , loving tackle hugs : ^ ) hey , could i have the name black bear ? thanks ! i don't think i've ever bit my tongue to the point it bled , but i remember one day i had where i kept accidentally biting the inside of my cheek for the entire day lol . i bit it so much where it ... hey guys . so i'm a senior in high school who , after community college , is hoping to apply for university as an international student . i was wondering if anyone has studied internationally and has any ... i don't read often , but my favorite kinds of books usually involve murder mystery , horror / any other creepy stuff , adventure , etc etc .. i also like to read books with hidden meaning ( not really ... she did a good thing that day . tell her she did well . that is probably the most edgy comeback i've ever heard from an enfp . you ok there , dude ? yep , that sounds like estp most likely . it definitely sounds like you use a lot of se . sorry dude , it's just my reaction to your sad attempt at an insult . it really seems like infps need to take classes on how to properly insult someone . too much softness is a fault . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OniTIeellt0 literally all i've been thinking about since last night . pizza . except the gross school pizza you get at the cafeteria sweet , i'm gay too ! it's a shame enfps have the worst function ne . ne / fi is a sad stack i feel bad for you folks sounds kinda similar to me dude , so maybe esxp . maybe esfp ? although , i wouldn't be surprised if you were entp . you're definitely exxp though , hands down . no joke i got distracted by all the pandas in this video . i love pandas what the heck in my case , i try to be as motivational and including as possible ( which above ^ seems to be getting at ) . when ... i'm just a casual native english speaker ... however , i also know japanese ! my school offered classes and i'm glad i took them . i love the alphabet , especially because there's so much to learn , not ... i have yet to go to college , but my plans for right now are - estp / criminal justice or forensic science / crime scene investigation hello ! so , i'm an estp and have been dating a female infj for about two months now . although , i've had sme frustrations most likely because of us being opposite types and having different priorities ... i haven't typed all the characters , however i've been speculating a lot with characters from bungou stray dogs ! ! dazai osamu intp edogawa ranpo intj nakajima atsushi infp ( ? ) nakahara chuuya ... hello ! my name is harvey , and i'm a high school senior . i totally didn't join this site because i was bored during my free period lol ... i've been into mbti for about a year , i think ? i've always ... '