' mine sounds really similar to yours then . we have to answer some questions , have a talent , and ours is named mr . ( our school's mascot as well ) . i don't want to do it lol . but now i feel a bit ... i've been nominated for the ( light-hearted ) male beauty pageant at my high school moving into homecoming week . why must people do this to me lol it's hard to get accurate numbers for that sort of thing , but the vast majority of intjs are 5s and 1s , with a couple 8s ( and a few other types ) thrown in there . i think overall that the 9 wing is ... i accidentally read the name of a plant as aromantic summer instead of aromatic sumac . wondering if this says anything about me : laughing : well i'm an sp ( sp / sx ) , but i'm unusual for an intj that i'm also an 8( w9 ) and not a 5 , 4 , or 1 . i can relate to some sx characteristics , particularly the need for intensity . i read that your ... i wouldn't be surprised if other intjs hate public speaking , but i love public speaking . i have no problem being assertive and stating my opinions in class discussions - i'm rather infamous for it ... i skipped school for the day and drove down several hours to an area where the eclipse was total . and wow ... just wow . it was incredible . the feeling you get why the sky goes dark in the middle of ... i watched the videos , and wow is damore a horrible speaker . he can't intelligently argue his positions or really even answer questions well . i laughed when the ben shapiro guy called the memo an ... check out brandon sanderson . he's one of the top names in fantasy currently , and will go down as one of the greats . his better stuff is all in an inter-related universe called the cosmere . as for ... i would say look to see if he fits fi descriptions ( especially in regards to intjs / in the tertiary position ) . te vs ti should also be obvious . that article from heterodox academy seemed very well balanced . here were their conclusions , in regards to women's interest and ability in stem / coding : i'd say that's facts based and ... i don't have the book on me anymore , and i could be wrong , but i'm pretty sure those were the numbers . perhaps they increased * up to * 120 , but that wasn't average . i could check tomorrow . the ... i'm not going to argue with you that iq isn't hereditary , because it is . when looking at intelligence in my psych class last year , we looked at research about the causes of high / low iq . the ... i read the memo ... regardless of the scientific validity of anything he said ( which i can't speak for ) , there is a wider trend of allowing one's morals to blind them . his point about moral biases was ... i'm happy and at peace . it's beautiful down at the park by the water , and the city across the river and the bridge are lit up beautifully at night . i'm listening to my favorite music , and perched at ... this was so savage it made me laugh out loud as to the aesthetics side of things , i can get super picky . as other people have said , i'd rather buy something aesthetically pleasing and high end , simply because they're better . there's something ... my intp brother and i clash daily , to at least a small degree , and more largely probably 2-3 times a week . which can probably be expected from twins . we'll still jump to each other's defense ... i get where you're coming from lily . when i fight with people , i don't say things i don't mean . criticisms of harsh words are of the deep and biting things that you would have trouble admitting to ... i do this too . i have a mental concept of quite a few users here , and have been around for long enough that i can gauge what they'd broadly say in response to a topic before i read their post ( s ) ... definitely true , though i'm suspicious as to how much culture / upbringing actually has to do with it . people have personal preferences , and then there's things that are evolutionarily attractive . big ... did it tests are entry level . if you want to learn something about yourself , read the theory and do some introspection . look up cognitive functions . for me personally , knowing the theory has given me ... i find that being zen and immersing myself in my environment makes my ni better . perhaps not focused on one thing , or anything important , but overall of higher quality , with less background noise . for a relationship , physical attractiveness is my third most important factor , but it's the first thing i'm going to notice ( because duh , that's automatic ) . the first two are intelligence and someone ... dare thanks ! you've saved me the trouble of a bunch of research into the enneagram . i've always had the suspicion that i was an 8 , or that it was at least in my tritype , but based on the descriptions ... i can't quite tell whether this is satire you sound like you'd like vsauce . look ' em up on youtube if you don't know who they are . you know what's great ? when the college board and pltw tell me i'm eligible for an award but don't email me about it until after the application is due . because that's design at its finest . and then ... i've seen studies that basically came up the same results that you did . intj and intp always being the top two , but shifting around depending on the study . intjs are a bit of an exception , because ... me too . i actually just watched john wick 2 tonight . loved it and hope there's a third . i really enjoy action characters who have that incredibly tight focus in the moment and massive amounts of ... gee , tons of intjs on the intj subforum ? i wonder why ... ? how has no one mentioned game of thrones or breaking bad ? both incredible series , with some prominent intj characters . i would also heavily recommend peaky blinders . it's a netflix original ... well ... finally getting around to that other post here that i said i'd make a month ago . and now i don't even have to feel bad for necroing the thread . fi keeps me centered , when done well . it ... thank you for these words . i was cracking up partly because they're so absurdly funny , and partly because they're true . i'm fairly similar ( with the stuff from the beginning of your post that i didn't quote as well ) . as to not wanting to destroy stuff , that's why i'll just whack the crap out of boards . nothing ... yeah the one you can see is a katana . the one in the more in the top left is a bastard sword . both of those are relics of younger days . my brother and a friend got them to spar with . they're made out ... sometimes i really , really need to let out some aggression . it's only been twice , but it'll be something similar to this : ... sociology is interesting to me but o can't say i've studied much of it . point me in the direction of what you were wanting to talk about and if it's not too much i'll look into it and get back to you thank you for this . this made day . i was laughing for at least a minute straight [ emoji 23 ] ah , an ice cold coke . and all i had to do was a little science for those of you who are a little confused , there were no cold cokes in the house so i spent five minutes swirling one around in ... endsoftheearth what's your novel about , if you don't mind sharing ? and share books around with other ns . it's a good time mindfully be direct about it . tell him what you've been saying here . that you felt manipulated into having sex when you'd made it clear that you'd prefer to wait , that it's weird that you don't have ... this isn't very helpful , but i got a good chuckle when i saw the title of this thread . yeah , probably fi starting to care a bit . i'm selectively caring . there have been a few people i'm willing ... thought you were an entp ... ? if you've seen it , would you say that peter parker from the new spider-man homecoming movie is an enfp ? firesofemptiness curious about your arguments as to why jfk is an intj . ooh that does sound like fun . i also enjoy sitting outside at night . there's a sort of serenity and natural beauty to it . i also find that it stimulates my mind . you can alternately lose yourself in ... yesterday i spent probably about an hour and a half driving to two different libraries to get all the books i wanted . opened the windows and sunroof on the lexus , turned up the music , and just ... i think i'm fairly similar ... people don't seem to get that when i say things like that i'm fairly serious . the bit that makes it funny ( to me at least ) is that i'm aware of how ridiculous it is . i scored close to a super recognized on a test i took last year . might have even gotten it if i hadn't been distracted at the time . and yet i'm still can't connect a name to a face most of the ... '