' 28 :/ i like a person that makes me a better person ... that could be any type . a person that cares , a person that shows they care , in the small things . a person that scarifies for another . a person that ... it depends on who it is for me . usually i don't notice eye color because i never look anyone in the eye , unless who they are or what they say is important to me , or if i am close to them , or if i am ... i relate to this ! i have basically the same struggles and strengths . to memorize facts , i concentrate on the why or how that the facts explain usually i'm only cruel unintentionally . i have been cruel as an act of self-preservation / as a defense mechanism . type 1 infj i'm not even sure about the percentages ... i haven't taken any tests , because i don't rely on tests . i think it's better to diagnose it yourself . the n might be n though . the rest i'm ... ... every one is a sensor . for example , i use se . it happens to be my inferior function , but it's still there ... i don't know why they always make sensors out to be simple or shallow ... irony ? it's awesome . sarcasm ? no thanks . using sarcasm to joke around i can't stand especially ! sarcasm to just be mean i don't like either . i think the enneagram would explain that better . it explains why ( motivations etc . ) , while mbti explains how . i do differentiate and i would like to know more about the jungian cognitive functions but all over the internet it's all mbti i'm relatively new to the enneagram as compared to mbti . i used to consider that i was a 4 , but actually i'm sure i am a 1 . i've behaved as an ( unhealthy ) 4 recently , ( stress arrow ) and i haven't ... not me . sweets is not really my thing . i prefer salty / vinegary / sour / spicy kind of food hehe why are you worried about it ? ? ? you're interested in it . you get good grades . what's the problem ? don't let type dictate your life haha i myself am an infj although i tend to look / act alot like ... bittersweet i don't celebrate my birthday too much . since 17/18 ( my current age ) , it hasn't really mattered to me . it's not like i personally achieved anything great ( i didn't choose to get born lol ) , so why ... 13 there's a small possibility i might be intj though . at least i have tendencies for it . soccer , football . i like the competitiveness and skill in football . it's enjoyable for me to get really enthusiastic about something . usually i'm just pretty chill and indifferent to most things ... true for me ; my external environment does not seem to be organized , but it is in my mind . my room is a mess , things all over the place , but i know where each thing is . if you ' clean ' my room , i will ... infj out of all the movies i've seen ( and believe me , i haven't seen many ) , my current favs are : lord of the rings a walk to remember :') prince of persia the karate kid prince caspian ( and ... it's tiring ? i don't know what they do at parties , but i guess talking to lots of different people about things that don't matter so much , superficial stuff ? no thanks . i just need a few close ... 2 . liberalists 6 . mercantilists 8 . academists it was between 6 and 9 hehe i most certainly am . i claim it with pride :P yes ... mostly to .. well kinda manipulate to get more information xdd apparently we put more weight into perception ( ij - ni ) than into judging , so the more information , the better that so ? didn't know it , so thanks . how do you know it ? assassin's creed crusader kings racing games to relax chess risk logical tan = 8 6 on green , environmental tan , and blue the others are lower . now that i looked at it , i feel obligated to post . i might be up all night if i don't ... xdd me ? baby talk ? ? ? hahahhah never ! ! with actual babies and children , i use a different tone , but no baby talk . however , i do use the same words that they use to relate to certain things , to make ... same here ! nobody thinks i'm lazy , and yet i consider myself lazy . i only do things if they need to be done ( that includes homework :P ) or if others expect it of me or i want to present myself a ... love it ! ! ! thanks ah , thank you for being respectful . it's true that you didn't apply depth in general to it . maybe it's just me , but it was the words ponder vs focus , great at vs good with . the connotation ... your problem is that you have been taking a test for four years . stop using tests . finding your type requires introspection . i like it , except for the contrast between s and n . i always see written that n is deep or complex . it kinda bothers me . s and n are different ways of interpreting the same thing . it's not that ... second oldest ; one older sister , two younger brothers being a christian is really about having a relationship with god . it isn't about the rules or restrictions that some people say it is . and yet , you see christians that keep a high moral standard or ... it is possible ! ! ! haha i feel that i was born to be a scientist , ( it's not just a dream , i actually am successful at it :P ) and i'm pretty darn sure i'm infj too . 1 . do you have a hard time forgiving yourself ? sometimes . it depends . if it something i consider to be insignificant , i can let it go . if i consider that i made a major breach of my internal ... i am not so great at expressing myself as you did , but if i could , i would have said something similar . i agree with you i would never accept the offer . but am i ' cynical ' ? oooh yes , i can be . no ! ! ! ... not really , anyways my ni manifests itself in other ways =p how do i explain this ... haha i am very prideful . i have a sense of superiority , and yet , i work very hard to not show it . i do nooot want to be arrogant . ( this probably has something to do with fe ... i like the way your mind works ! ! ! :D it is indeed a question worth considering ; possibly it's true . i have been pondering something a little similar . thanks for asking this i saw a face first . there is more black than white in the picture , and the border is also black , sooo that could be the reason why . i sleep always always foetus , but sometimes freefaller , especially if i can't sleep . i never ever sleep on my back . however , if i am in bed , but thinking , i lie on my back . i can only think well on ... i sooo relate to this . i understand perfectly xd i would agree with the you and the others , that it's because of ni . it's been said that ni is transforming yourself in a specific way by focusing ... 1 ) infj 2 ) 4 3 ) 5 4 ) 2 5 ) yes 6 ) 4.5 hehe 7 ) dark blue or dark green as whole descriptions , these two are the closest for me , although the other ones had particular words that also applied to me . my god , so true : o it's sad that they are other people like me ... hahah =( if i went by test ... i'd be an intj . but i think introspection is the best way to discover your type . and after like 8 months of learning mbti , cognitive functions , reading descriptions , etc , for sure ... then she probably isn't an infj . usually an infj , upon reading an accurate description , would say omg finally someone who understands ! there are other people like me ! hehe to me , she seems more of a ... '