' yeah i think thats exactly what im going to do . im surprised how similar are situations are i have a younger sister and that makes it even harder . i dont wqnt to make her feel abandoned or anything ... chrysantheist its not that they are helping me pay for college as much as my grandpa and a friend of mine both of which who passed away gave money to my college funds but i dont think i have any ... no i assume it would be suicide . my dad once wouldnt sign a dmv document for me because i disagreed with him on economic philosophy . then i told him i was playing devil advocate and he signed it . i ... my dads a pastor so i know what its like buddy . youre not alone my sister in science . have you come out as an atheist to your family ? i wasnt responding to you or any of the people you mentioned . i was about to point that out and of course there is some obvious problems with pascals wager . mainly being that it assumes two possibilities where there is in fact hundreds of possibilities of what ... i think its strange that people require evidence to show there is no god . consider the following if someone asked you to prove that there was no monsters hiding in a childs closet and you told ... does he have to act empathetic all the time ? sly hows the curriculum , is it time consuming ? that scares me what your professor said about you being to objective and accurate . is that common . ive been considering this but im concerned on the basis that it might require me to be empathetic which isnt going to happen . any ideas of if this would work . ill give you something to cry about ! ! ! ... ok but dont tell the other intps i agree yes delusion seems pointless . how do you know anything . even if i was older and asserted this i still couldnt know . it may actually be different and i hadn't realized it or maybe it could have ... im 18 , even though i agree with your statement it seems to me even when you get older it doesnt change anything , everyday just variation of another day . i guess the thing about when you have all ... im really starting to think this might be the case . it seems ive been depressed for four years now . some years are harder than other but still it just seems a part of life . that fits me to a tee but i still believe im an introvert and heres why . for me theres some more criteria that goes into this question . do you enjoy talking to random people usually ? are you an ... : o maybe somehow theres a tear in the space-time continuum and me and you are somehow living out the same life but through different genders . except i already got past the estj i couldnt yell at by ... ill counter this with pointing out the following 1 . the mongols certainly didnt care to much about it as they moved acrossed asia . 2 . there were alot of families where this was custom . 3 . the ... most people have something of one or the other . i think some people that dont finish piagets cognitive developments last stage may not develop divergent thinking . i prefer divergent thinking just ... i dont see why you would have been offended but then again i scored really low on that empathy test :P . whether you like it or not their is a correlation with being a mass murderer and having low ... smells have the highest likelihood of causing your mind to remember an episodic memory ( random ) . is their any emotion attached to it and how common is this for you . it may be when you perceive ... i think the difference really is i think people make goals and don't find them . its true you can realize what you currently value but you re not born or destined with goals . i totally ... what isnt applicable , asking for examples ? yeah i was impressed it was really good . havent read the novels i'm debating if i should or not since i usually don't read due to my low attention span . yeah it be more fitting but the way i view it is . if you have a goal which is unattainable ( and you recognize it as such ) it is no longer a goal since you cannot logically attempt to acquire ... examples i thought the list was pretty close to what i think . but rule 7 7 . life is easy , it's you who sucks . people choose their mental state to a bigger degree than they would like to ... you and me , we're the same asking for more more than the numbing existence offered us all what did they say ? what did they do ? to make you crawl back in despite everything that you've been ... i love sports . lots of strategy and plenty of elements to consider . ive always thought of empathy as feeling the other persons emotions . like how mirror neurons work but focused on emotions . one doesn't have to use empathy to figure out what someones up to but it ... this thread is a perfect example of why i recommend always unplugging the internet before drinking or doing anything of that nature . 21 . this gives me a new excuse to even be more crazy in social situations . nutrition and health but more in the sports performance / powerlifting areas . psychology music after that its just a pool of eclectic knowledge . you are an inventor your imagination , self-reliance , openness to new things , and appreciation for utility combine to make you an inventor . you have the confidence to make your visions into ... alright went through it as quick as possible assuming some didnt necessarily imply that the opposite was also was true and got 16/26 . then ran through assuming some implied the opposite was true and ... i started this test and a lot of this is really poorly written . example all littles are ... i'm assuming they mean anything little . they also use some , im not sure what definition they're using ... the ben franklin effect is just a play on cognitive dissonance . cognitive dissonance - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia i think its useful to know this , it helps explains why some relationships ... depends if you think most disorders are discrete or continuous . sluggish cognitive tempo - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia inxps anyone i was in chem and just out of habit when i got confused i looked around for you then realized you dont go here . ~ friend you should be a comedian ~ a few people hey thats cheating you cant ... im curious what your family dynamics are like . my parents are extremely dogmatic with their belief and my sisters seems to be in the crossfire of everything . shes younger than me so i have no idea ... anxious-preoccupied shamefully . which is ironic since feeling shame about it would match that attachment type . the only relative i have who might be an nt was my grandpa and that's really a stretch . dads istj mom isfj sister enfj what kind of build does he have . is he into sports . is he an amputee / paraplegic / wheel chair bound . maybe that last on was a joke . its hard for me to say i enjoy just about every sport and have a ... so ... why haven't you asked him out again ? its sounds like he is way to nervous to initiate anything . ill say that after having a fairly romantic experience with a girl i tend to feel a bit awkward ... if it means anything i had strong oral presentation skills listed as a strength on my report card . i make it up as i go along . try to stay focused . humor when you get in a jam . interesting stuff . i find it funny how much we talk about how smart intps are in this forum it kinda works like this . take test / get intp results / read about being intellectual / go to forum / post ... wow ive been doing that for a while now im surprised i didn't notice . you is a second person singular pronoun not a plural pronoun . you're communication was inefficient for what you intended . of course you have the right to , i never said otherwise . no not really , ... i was actually thinking of bringing up the same thing same point . of course the results are going to be above average considering : you have to be intelligent enough to use the internet . which also ... yes intps tend to value intelligence highly of course to really function as an intp you need good cognitive abilities . there isn't the f or s to help us work in society outside are cognitive skills ... well he tends to seem excessively driven to make everyone under the impression they are all capable people . which isn't really all that bad . to give an example of when this rubs me the wrong way is ... i know an entj , nice guy . we have good conversations , he can be a bit to focused on everyone feeling like theyre actually a worthwhile piece of the group sometimes which bugs me . you're assuming everyone is either manipulating someone or is an independent but their are plenty of other options . these can include : people working towards a mutual goal , an individual assisting ... '