' hmm well we are pretty much sensors by nature so i could see absent minded . doesn't everyone have bitterness ? sounds like a personal problem , try zodiac signs if you want to pinpoint something like you are trying to do . estp how is this a question ? syd estp easy david isfp roger intj nick intp richard infp ... the only one im not totally sure about kinda strange people are guessing when they can't type themselves dear all types , the main goal of perc is to help oneself with the trials of life and through personality types make life easier . not to argue everything . sincerely , isfp your not , i do recommend taking the aura test to help yourself further . now this may seem unconventional but what are your thoughts on pigs ? ( leaning between esfp / enfp ftr ) so to give a little perspective i'm an indigo and an isfp . if you think / feel you may be an indigo by all means share it , if not here's a fun test that may help determine your aura . credit to dra for the idea . indigo children , what type would they fall under ? here's the list of characteristics , are you an indigo adult ? | indigolifecenter's weblog . i thank for your deep thought response . i already know i am an isfp 4w3 and the basis of this post was more for testing the general public . i understand how different these two animals are and they ... lmao dam it intjs , you guys are the only ones that smell what im stepin it . take a guess . so clearly no one seems to know ... i would guess isfp . any thoughts are appreciated . is there any way this list of indigo traits could help determine my type , all input is appreciated . are you an indigo adult ? | indigolifecenter's weblog violet , crystal , and indigo . after watching the videos indigo looks like it could be number 1 . what is the enfp take on pigs ? ya i feel for you guys , and it's even frustrating for other types . when i come here i have trouble sifting through the real and fake and end up just leaving disappointed . 85509 me and my esfp sister : happy : shutter island saving private ryan band of brothers red dawn ( original ) 13 assassins so you would think , this entp was friends with my friends so we were together a lot . after the fight i've met other entps in real life and on the forums and came to the conclusion it was universal ... i would say entp's , i don't really care to get into it but the last time i encountered an entp it ended with me smashing his head into a table . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=USriZAMR2nA ex-singer of etf and current singer of fir . i also know a girl who has the same type but for whatever reason can't get a grasp on their type . here's some interviews ... i think its not a question if luke's an infp , i think its a question of his enanagram type . for example im an infp 4w5 , i can understand his thinking say when going to save his friends , but i would ... you could try fast food for starts . i can promise you it's not ideal but we all start somewhere :) i turn into suave istp man and fall on my face . last i heard she's an esfp and having an esfp sister this behavior doesn't surprise me in the slightest . enjoy ;) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2D-PFdCup2E 80499 here's me back in november . i miss the yelawolf look ... hmmm took a look and it looks like im enfp wooo ! ! ! 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... right on ! dude / dudette ! we're here for you ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x6dCedRp6CE http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k2XVjIu5nvg delete http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_l09H-3zzgA i wouldn't go on vacation without someone else especially not a book . if i went on a vacation with someone i would go with daron malakian , cheech or chong , wavy gravy ( yes this is an actual person ) ... hmmm i wonder if motor controls have anything to do with a type . i'm not clumsy at all , but i will say sometimes when my head is really in the clouds i'm not as observant and have a higher tendency ... i feel this song beautifully defines all of aspects that make us who we are . the bass riff has a melodic peace much like ourselves , the vocals showcase our calm yet forceful presence , and the guitars ... 64793 edit : i know i have myself on other topics but ah well ... just took this picture , hopefully this gives a better broad scope . 64474 and ya i posted this in a different forum back when i mistyped myself . haha i knew someone would ask , i actually took the picture by accident and kept it because it had that seductive model vibe ;p i wear a hard hat and my hair explodes when i take it off 64319 anyone feel i could be a model ? i've been told i am the northern european leonardo di caprio but i need second opinions . it's probably because my looks have never been there and neither has ... wow , i guess it worked hahaha infj introvert ( 67 % ) intuitive ( 12 % ) feeling ( 50 % ) judging ( 11 % ) 62841 i've seen you on the estp forums , the pokemon says it all yup part lithuanian . found this great site that showcases all of the alignment types . hope this brings clarity . the alignment system - chaotic neutral my 20th birthday is coming up ( 21st ) and over the past year or so my physical looks have really taken shape . people have recommended i become a model to earn some cash and help pay for school . so i'd ... i myself have found peace with weed and have smoked daily for a few years . i have also had life changing experiences from taking psychedelics . what psychedelics have you taken and what did you take ... had no idea the alignments had to do with d & d haha , and the link for the test is can be found here online alignment test i would put personally put myself in this category . where would you put yourself ? and would entp's generally always fall into the chaotic category ? 62225 edit : here's a test ... '