' i have this really strange fear of shiny jewelry ( metal ) . especially necklaces , but i really dislike shiny jewelry in general . the presence of it makes me sick , for some reason . i'd rather wear my ... hurray for women ! i totally agree with you about everything . especially about hair ! i love lots of hair on both men and women . i find it generally appealing . i also love women who are prone to arts ... for the last eight years or so , the chorus of this german cold war classic have been my ringtone : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zaz_NN0KFNc what a lovely tune . i start and end new and exciting projects on a weekly basis , i think . reading this thread , it's sort of comforting to know that i'm not alone . i love dancing - when i'm not dependent on any choreography . i'm terrible at controlling my body . i'm a terrible dancer , really . i dance all the time , though . usually when i'm home alone , or with ... i have a lot of friends studying at various film schools , and i usually get to compose music for them when they're making documentaries about strange middle aged men . here's some of the work i've ... i like most eras , but i'm particularly found of music from 1965-1975 . and 90 ' s indie . i recently made this musical theme for a documentary a friend of mine is making . it's a documentary about a peculiar blind man with a bike . meg og en sykkelmaskin by andreas gregersen on ... even though i didn't wear my glasses , i scored a 10 . woohoo . 39803 this would be perfect . i work as a freelance actor and musician , and i often feel the same way . i can go wild on stage , with absolutely no artistic or social inhibitions . but thats not me , that's just my work , my art . and ... i had the same username in my early teens , when i was a member of a message board for guitar geeks ( i was a guitar geek at the time ) . it's a part of my surname . i chose it then because i wanted to ... whoops ! double post , my mistake ! i had an obsession with his music a couple of years ago , and i still love it . i think both his music and lyrics are great , and quite original . i've got nothing against his performance of his ... i think that the good girls prefer bad guys-thing is just an overall impression . and i don't really think it's correct . yes , i know girls who prefer bad guys , but the most good girls i know ... this is me , holding a bunch of bananas : 33065 this is me , hiding inside my hoodie : 33066 and this is me dressed up as a drunk captain , playing my grandfathers old accordion : 33067 when sharing my unpredictable way of thinking with others , i often feel quite misunderstood and alienated . + i tend to gesticulate and make weird noises when i'm trying to describe my abstract ... i used to be more shy when i was younger . i'm still shy sometimes , but now i'm usually more reserved , especially around people i don't know that well . they usually think i'm shy , though , because i ... i've had an isfj roommate for about a year now . known him for nearly three years , though . we usually get along great , and our friendship has grown a lot during the last year , as a result of being ... i'm 5 years old . plus another 14 . http://www.andreasgregersen.com/teethtongue.JPG you don't know what love is - chet baker don't you think that would be a little too mean ? it feels unfair when posers are getting attention for their fake uniqueness , while my truly unique qualities are being ignored ( ' cause they don't come off as unique in a .. fashionable way ) . unique ... my favorite music is original / innovative , and usually very melodic . genre doesn't matter . i tried being in a relationship with an enfp once . it seemed to me like i pretty much bored the hell out of her . ( connieculkins post sums up that experience , and my general experience with enfps ... as far as i've experienced , isfj girls are nice . but sadly , it's hard for me to make deep connections to them . although they're really sweet , i think an intp female may be a more favorable choice for ... michael jackson ? hmm .. i've always thought of him as an isfp . i guess elliott smith was an infp . and i'm pretty sure brian wilson is and infx . ( not that sure about the p / j-thing , though . ) edit : ... i fake a lot of smiles , just to make people think i'm as happy as i actually am ( i use to look sad , even though i'm not ) . when smiling naturally , i only smile small , toothless smiles . okay . my nearest family .. hmm ? .. my mom is an esfj . ( very weak e , though . ) she's quite annoying , a bit overly protective , and do often criticize my unconventional and abnormal behavior . she's ... i am the one who thinks everything is kind of humorous . i am the one who feels sadly unique . i am the one who makes people feel appreciated . i am the one who loves everyone but myself . i am the ... last.fm ! : happy : i also listen a lot to cds and vinyls , and i can't be bothered register everything i listen to . anyways : gromkaka ? s music profile ? users at last.fm i have one older sister . she's four years older than me , and an infp too . infp sisters are awesome . and btw , wiscoexplorer : if you really want to learn how to play the piano , why don't you do it ? i started playing for about a year and a half ago , and i've never had a piano at home either . i just ... most memorable class ? hmm ... i think that was my music classes during 9th and 10th grade . my teachers were incompetent , and for some reason , they didn't knew how to teach music . the class had to ... oh ! never seen this one before . lovely video , lovely song . ( kind of made my day complete : laughing : . ) i'm really looking forward to volume two . btw : i liked the little skip at the end as well . it seems like the bullies have always wanted to bully me , but i've somehow always managed to scare them away . here's an example i'm quite proud of now ( i did this at the age of 10 ): i've always ... oooh ! i can relate to that . alcohol makes me more productive in that way too . i also get less afraid of sharing my ideals with the world around me ( and that may be a positive thing ) . besides that , ... i used to see ' shadow people ' all the time , when i was a kid . i sometimes do it now too ( i'm 18 ) . i've always been told they were nothing more but my imagination . this is a nice topic , btw ... green , then orange . sadly , not . but i'd love to . : happy : top 5 bands : the beatles belle and sebastian of montreal elliott smith ( counts as a band ) pink floyd ( in the sixties ) top 5 songs : god only knows - the beach boys over the rainbow - judy ... honestly ... my sense of humor is generally random . i often laugh at people who points at random stuff . and i laugh at pictures like this : ... nice short film . ( i love the voice of the teacher , btw : cool : ) i'd really appreciate to contribute musically . i can play guitar , bass , and some keys . i can also sing , to some extent ( if you're not bothered by my norwegian accent : tongue :) . at least , i can do ... it's hard to choose , but here's five from the top of my huge list : belle and sebastian - if you're feeling sinister the beatles - magical mystery tour pink floyd - the piper at the gates of dawn ... these types tend to be somewhat normal looking , but often have bad taste in clothes . lovably superficial . :p roud : if this class system thing wasn't meant ironically , it's frightfully scary . agreed . i used to post there too . infp : 1 infj : 1 intp : 3 intj : 2 isfp : 1 isfj : 1 istp : 2 istj : 0 enfp : 2 enfj : 1 oh , i love staying up at night . everything i think , and everything i do at night , is ' better ' than the stuff i do at daytime . i don't know why , but the night feels so much better in general . '