' ( wow sorry this is so long ... ) i had a similar friend . sorry to hear you're in this situation :( my friend had many difficult things going on in her life for years and ultimately it just made her ... agree with windblownhair i enjoy travel . i love seeing a new culture , how different people live , different landscapes , architecture and vegetation . i'm not really into sightseeing . my ideal ... i was reading some old threads on infjs and alcohol , and it seems that most infjs either : - don't like mind-altering substances because they make them feel out of control , or make them feel like ... ksara wow this post was just what i needed ! thank you for the great insight and helping me understand that i don't need to feel guilty / upset . particularly this : and for the insight into a fear ... alaya wow me too . i love looking at the sky 1 . human biology ( specialising in biological anthropology ) and psychology 2 . i love dealing with concepts , evolutionary theories , thinking about how we evolved to think and behave the way we do 3 ... i know it is somewhat of a human trait to want to believe in the supernatural , but is anyone else really in love with anything mystical ? anything . it kind of affects everything i do . some examples ... i don't even love the taste of them that much , but i love the ' experience ' of them . the process of making them , the different shapes you can make them , the flavour / type and what that reflects about ... scarlet.black thankyou , i'm glad you feel this way sometimes too ! however i think our reasons for feeling this way are different - which is interesting . i don't really feel bad that my friends ' need ... heythererock thankyou . those reasons you listed are why i don't like socialising with large groups / people i'm not close to very often . however none of those reasons apply to my best friends . i don't ... i know i sound like a whiner but i think this is the key issue here ! i guess i was just wondering if there was anyone who was the same as me so i could have someone to relate to - it would be nice to know i'm not alone , since ' society ' makes me feel so abnormal . ... are you serious ? short version : i need nearly all of my free time alone ( or with people i live with / am very close to ) , and no one understands me . people never believe me when i say i can only handle one social ... :( hope you're okay ! out of interest could i please ask why ? also i am thinking that on typical tumblr blogs , there are a lot of skinny girls and not so many curvy girls . tumblr really glorifies extremely skinny hipster girls . i think it's just a tumblr ... i'm in a 3 year relationship with an isfp man and i have a lot to say on this ! it took me years to even be able to communicate with him where we could understand each other . i'm not completely ... i'm not sure what you totally mean , but yes i am very hard to satisfy ( from other people , i easily satisfy myself ) . i am constantly disappointed by others in my life and it has been one of the major ... my whole life i've had this dream where i move to a log cabin in the forest somewhere in north america / canada , on a lake , 20-30 mins from a big city , but still so isolated on a big property . i have ... i'm also from wa ! what's it like to be surrounded by all these analytical types ? my boyfriend is an isfp and i think i am not supporting him enough in this regard . i always want to talk about ... wow she seems so hard to type to me . quite an entrancing character , i can't help but be fascinated with her . i think perhaps her calm / almost depressed yet content demeanour could be misleading to her ... i feel like no matter what they do , they have permanently tainted our relationship and we will never be the same . same . i think a lot of people think that if you don't forgive it is unhealthy ... yeah , i guess with family they get more chances than other people but just because they're family doesn't mean i'll continue to put up with it . it does make it difficult though when you have to keep ... well explained ! i do agree with the ' why ' of behaviour . your intentions are more important than the result of an action . but i still think i got that a lot from my parents . not every thing they ... me too , when someone crosses one of my loved ones i give them absolutely zero mercy . when someone who crossed me experiences negative fate of their own , i find it hard to feel very negatively towards them , because i guess they got what they deserved ( although this may sound a little ... why ? please explain . are you suggesting personality is purely inborn ? i think behaviour is part of personality . if your parents always made you clean up after yourself and you grow up to be a ... exactly . it's not like i will never forgive , but you will need to prove to me you're sorry and you won't do things of that sort again . this basically never happens so i guess that's why i say i don't ... this is very interesting . by this definition i guess i don't forgive . i let it go in my mind and it doesn't cause me anguish or pain in years to come . but i do hold on to emotional hostility towards ... all the responses so far have said they would be happy with their child no matter what . what if you were forced to choose ? i feel like life might be easier for es types or maybe ts in a lot of ... i disagree . i asked this question hypothetically - of course i would completely accept any child for whoever they were , no matter how difficult that may be . however , one of my primary roles as a ... that's so true thank you for this insight this is kind of getting off-topic as my purpose was to see if i'm alone in this among infjs , but i'd like to talk about what you said nonetheless ! yes , many times with several people . people ... i thought about this question for years and then realised that i would never be happy being anything but a mother . dedicating my life to positively shaping others , helping them become strong , ... i get so fiery and passionate ! ! not usually to their face unless it's a ' repeat offence ' though haha oh no , definitely if it was something trivial then i wouldn't care . if someone intentionally hurts me obviously i won't forgive them . but if someone even did something semi-trivial like made some ... i love being an infj and i think i would want any child of mine to be infj or intj because i think that's how i would get along with them / understand them / be able to support them the most ( and think ... i know there are old threads on infjs and forgiveness , but reading through them , nearly all infjs said that they can't help but forgive ? i feel completely differently , does anyone else feel the same ... definitely . my boyfriend is the first sensor i've ever had a close relationship with and it baffles me how his mind works . the only sensors in my entire extended family are in-laws or their children ... we spend a lot of time together and i spent several months really thinking about typing them all and they just can't be anything else . definitely introverts , irrational thinking ( let feelings ... marbleous thankyou so much ! good to see some shared experiences :) i know we're the ' rarest type ' but i am absolutely surrounded in infjs . why is this ? is it the demographic or do we attract each other or just coincidence or family genes or what ! ? i have no ... i'm so sorry this post is so long ! i completely agree , i would never dislike someone immediately because of their type , rather , i am noticing that i find it very challenging to get along ... i'm sure there's another thread like this somewhere but i can't find it . what's your most preferred type and most disliked types ? i have not met a single istj i genuinely like at all . they have ... i can't watch them . they affect me for weeks afterwards and i still even get sad years later . i can't even watch shrek because of when princess fiona sings to the bird and it explodes and dies from ... also , does anyone have the following problem ? : i feel like i have to define my clothing style . it sort of has to be categorised . i'm not one of those people who sees something they like and can just ... from my experience infjs have incredibly varied music and clothing styles , which kind of upset me when i first discovered that because i had sort of hoped we would all be artsy / hippies but still ... korvyna thankyou ! :) yes i can imagine him doing that . he is very private , even with me sometimes sorry this response is so long ! it is a hefty schedule ! he handles it really well . he loves his job / internship . absolutely loves putting on a suit , getting his briefcase and going into work ... i don't think he actually understands how creative he is . when i first found mbti and told him i thought he was an isfp , the artist , he was so surprised and said something like but i'm not good at ... '