' is this a reference to gradient descent in deep learning ? corporate b . s . generator would of , more then . i know those are not big mistakes , but english is not my first language so i wonder what's the issue with people , is it really that difficult to just write it right ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EfGD2qveGdQ graduated in computer science , favourite language : c / c + + : never been a genius in programming , but i like being creative , i programmed my own chess program from scratch for my dissertation , without ... could you provide evidence of the physics world coming to an understanding that binary code is buried deep within atoms ? i am really interested in computer science but i don't know much about physics what i'm going to say is probably totally debatable , but i don't believe in modern science , for things like this : to me these studies imply that the ultimate goal is to live longer , to have ... i thought it was amazing , but when i searched it up on google , i came across a page that implies that the experiment might be a made up of an author and might not have taken place at all ... brontp my inspirational people already communicated enough to me , i don't need to speak to them , i'd use this power just for fun i would like to sit in a table with jung and freud , and watch them having ... my opinion . does it matter for what ? from what point of view ? - for the amount of dopamine released during a lifetime ( happiness ) of an individual ? probably not , i remember reading some ... i can't agree with this , i'd start crying without my smartphone , i have a nokia n900 with linux inside , with all my awful selection of songs to play when i'm walking outside , i have a program that ... i don't believe in luck in the conventional way , but i do believe that , similarly as fundogg stated , you can create an environment around you where you actually allow luck to come your way probably the fact that a lot of entj's want to be ceo's , they don't know exactly for what company , they don't know exactly in what field , but they know they want to be ceo's , they get excited ... italian / british accent grew up in italy , been living in the uk for the last 6 years it sounds horrible if you're wondering http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nQqCmvLLcGQ stockholm syndrome - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia i used to cry really easily when i was a child , anyway , last time i cried was many years ago , i don't know if i don't cry because i don't want to let go or because i'm now 25 and full of ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nQqCmvLLcGQ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MxrWuE5qC5c http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T_81AQDSao4 i think your opinion is quite realistic and i liked it , for my opinion , intps don't see themselves as leaders or followers , they are just forced by some dumb social rules created by fear and ... i don't know the difference between creativity and imagination , if creativity is actually giving a form to random associations of brain symbolisms ( imagination ) that suddenly raise to the ... most of the things i say in a debate are directly related to pointing out the unrealistic version of my opponent's logic caused by ... einstein , his natural and honest curiosity made him face the unknown with passion , this was really inspiring to me . i loved his way of interpreting the world , i also read the letters he wrote to ... 95514 few months ago i bought a nokia n900 ( the one with maemo linux inside ) , and , using the emulators , it can play sega genesis , gba , snes games perfectly whenever i am , and it has a mini-keyboard , so you ... i have the power to pronounce the right combination of words that turns instantly a conversation into a boring moment of boringness i ) sometimes ii ) i personally don't think you should get inspired with the ultimate goal of defining / improving your career , that's just wasting your life ( my modest opinion ) , why should you use ... i chose to show this avatar to some people i never saw in my life but i share a sense of sympathy , because at the end , i can do whatever i want with my local reality , be a mcdonald employee , maybe a ... 94274 what if i just go into film making ? i mean there are no more new ideas , just repetitive copies , look how sad , the godzilla trailer i just saw in the publicity on youtube is awesome , i mean , i didn't ... i think that's a very interesting question . i think modernism of course makes us forget our instincts and it uses some of them ( fear ) to its advantage , to keep the pyramid of fake values ( like ... i'm sure you can change your life if you want to , and what i discovered is that , when a decision is really yours , you don't normally regret it , because you know there was some of you behind it . the ... well , today didn't start yet , it's 9.40 here in uk , but , considering my past history of unexpressed thoughts , almost every time i encounter someone who is studying philosophy and thinks they are an ... yeah it's amsterdam , i was with a friend , amsterdam is nice , we don't normally smoke weed but we tried and it made us so lazy that we didn't even dance in a nightclub we went , i don't remember if ... i can touch my elbow with my mouth ( i have a picture demonstrating it ) and i can open a beer with a lighter , hahaahha that's a very intriguing question . i don't think this possibility is compatible with our type of existence , our mind and actions are balanced thorough a rewarding system of dopamine and other ... hahahah , the best theory i could come up with about your reply , is that it makes sense if i combine the words in a certain manner , so it's pointing out my way of writing . if that's the case , my ... i was wondering if it happens to a lot of people i mean , you meet a person to an event or party or in any situation , and confidently avoid any common social ritual or mechanical social flow , ... i've not been bullied in my school years , but it was just chance , the big guys in my class and in my school kind of respected the fact that i was in my own world and didn't care much about social ... 9170291703 91704 i try to keep all my knowledge undefined , because defining something means closing a part of my mind , i enjoy having chaos inside , because i know this is keeping my creativity alive , it rewards me by ... femininity is when she convinces you she's the prize without saying a word i don't think intps aren't natural leaders because they feel inferior , but because they tend to not respect those man-made unfair rules that govern our surroundings as an intp , i'll state my ... i think art is necessary . we are in the middle of cosmic chaos trying to figure out patterns that make us feel safe , and it's the job of the artist to find a meaning worth expressing given this ... i came to the conclusion that telling someone they have no chance with you is the best option , because you solve the problem straight away , and you don't risk creating a system ( that i call mental ... at a very young age i came to the conclusion that no topic is important because in 100 years time our generation will be another number and the cycle will start from scratch , with new generations ... i failed maths from my first year of elementary school until last year of university . i never understood it , i never understood how could you close your mind so much by using your energy to ... anything that is miss-interpreted or miss-understood pisses me off , because i believe that's the basis for a cruel world this is my extremely opinionable opinion : scientific method alone has its limits , and for my opinion is not the best method for understanding the unknown surrounding our chaotic existence , in fact ... this probably goes back to my first sentence saying all the rest is interpretation and social adaption to this concept , where it's a matter of interpreting a fact which might or might be less ... '