' my response would be something like : wtf why ! ? you're an idiot ! * reassesses the reasoning * it depends on the idea i'm communicating , but that's basically it . it's helped me in further understanding myself and other people , not much beyond that . ni is such a pain to describe , but it basically goes something like this . i don't think i'll go to wal-mart today * the very next day * hey vasoline ! guess what ! what ? i prefer to type myself by the jungian functions rather than the mbti tests . though i have found that the two match up for me , but it stepping back and looking at it all from a fundamental viewpoint ... estp ... ello thar ! i know personally ... 1 istj he's a hardcore asian student . 2 intps they're cool ... but i hate to hear their philosophical thoughts / snore 2 intjs awesome guys 1 isfp otaku chick 1 isfj you ... this is true ... : wink : qft i have two little sisters , so i'm the first of three . i guess we are , but usually i don't go for the whole vengeance thing unless i'm really ticked off about something . ex . my sister broke my lego city i worked for ours on when i was really little , so ... invisibility , i'd have a hell of a time just fucking with people . i'd be rich if i had a dollar for every individual freedom the government took . if you're willing to go the extra distance in your work your personality type won't matter much if at all , but it seems wrong to judge people by personality types over references , experience and ... i've known some very vengeful p's , so i disagree . in this case , i would think n's would be the best , as they tend to be more far sighted than ss , correct ? in jrotc ( i was forced in > _ > ) some kid did a report on new technology in the military , and a lot of the high tech gear was built for suburban warfare ( to fight street gang , though it'll probably be ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=enTPV_wkKbA if this shit does hit the fan , i may seriously go underground . though i won't give it any credence until it happens . meet the new boss ... same as the old boss ... no , it doesn't . i'm just saying that iq is biased against people without an education . sorry about that then , i can be very vague when i post . i'll try to work on that . :P i'm trying to get to the fact that nt's have higher iq's because iq seems to be very correlated with ... i think so , but measuring and ultimately defining intelligence is an extremely subjective matter . in my past posts , replace intelligence with academic and logical prowess . though still , you can have ... hence traditional sense ... and intelligence cannot be measured as it is an extremely subjective term . iq would be bullshit even if intelligence could be fully defined . well yeah , no trait can ... i think your type can be affected up until the end of puberty , but after that i don't think you could have a permanent type change . i was raised in a two parent household with 2 siblings other ... well it seems logical that the people who spend their lives with their heads in the clouds would strengthen their neural connections by doing so and thus have a higher intelligence in the traditional ... i was not speaking economically when i said cost . i meant it would cost them a great deal of ideological support if people were disappearing all around the country with no apparent cause . there would ... my iq falls somewhere between 120-130 . i am inclined to say that the more intelligent people would tend to be nt's , but it is quite possible for a sensor or a feeler to have a much greater iq then i ... i act like an esfp when in the presence of friends , but it really wears me down , and eventually i'm right back to being my normal intj self . i really do dislike this . people will sometimes ask my opinion and when i reply with a bit of criticism they get all pissy . i tell you what i'm thankful for . i'm thankful that my ancestors were hard workers and did the best they could to improve the lives of their children , alll without government intervention . i may not ... there are so many things that can go wrong in big government , it's almost impossible not to oversimplify . here are the things the big government has failed with . criticism of government ... i feel your pain bro . i found out about this mbti thing just a couple of weeks ago and was relieved to find that there was a name to what i had been dealing with my whole life . my mother may still ... it's not that mind a militia so much , but i would prefer it to be run by the states rather than the feds , and i would rather it be run by the citizens than the state . the thing that frightens me is ... i get this gut feeling that they're bullshitting me . then i usually don't say anything but i always remember to keep my distance from said person . hazel intj i don't see any purpose in them building concentration camps . sorry , but i don't . they know their citizens don't dare rise against them lest they become extremely abusive , so theirs no point in ... welcome my fellow intj . 1 . indefinitely , people drain me . alone time is rejuvenating . 2 . 5 hours , then i'd need a break . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6vAqekT-GuA if you're comfortable with it like me , i see nothing wrong in doing it . i'd only do it with someone i really trust though . no homo welcome master . : wink : that's awesome . ello thar ! http://www.advancedpt.com/graphics/congratulations.jpg http://www.uwec.edu/jolhm/EH3/Group2/Pictures/lightning.jpg lightning inspires me . it's power and rejuvenating to see . i store it all until i want to buy something i need or really want . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=svR3iXKTJvc http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xJeWySiuq1I hop into my black van and you'll find out . / hides knife i'd be far more naive then i am now , that's for sure . hey there amberheadlights . i hope you enjoy your time here . : laughing : '