' i know this isn't the first post about the enneagram and the forer effect and it certainly won't be the last but i disagree with people that say that the enneagram only seems accurate because of the ... hello everyone ! i am very interested in helping people identify their enneatype / mbti . however , i don't have very many resources to help them confirm their type . how do you go about helping people ... well , it's not so much of an crisis but i am starting to wonder if i am actually an esfj rather than an isfj . can somebody please give me a questionnaire or something that would help me decipher ... i am an isfj . people tell me all the time , however , that i am extremely extroverted because i tend to be warm and friendly and able to make friends fairly quickly . i know that i've heard that isfj's ... with all this political activity lately , i've discovered that it is hard to refrain from joining in political debates ( and fights ) because of how deeply rooted i am in my beliefs . however , ... emileearsenic i know what you mean ! i have a friend that is kind of like that . i have been so mad because of this ! the only problem is that the more evident it is that i'm mad the more my friend ... a lot of times when i see people being made fun of , it hurts me personally . i think this is because of have fe as my auxiliary function . i also think it is because i was picked on unmercifully as a ... do you like routines ? i find myself not being able to survive without some sort of routine . if something changes in my routine , i usually become extremely anxious / uncomfortable . for instance , i ... i know this may be a hard question to answer but which typological system would you say is more accurate ? i have personality types by riso and hudson and there is a section of the book comparing ... chickydoda i too have been diagnosed with bipolar i . i can definitely relate to all of the pains that you are experiencing due to bipolar . it took 3 years , 8 therapists , and 3 psychiatrists to ... flatlander also another book i have yet to read ! x91but what if x85x92 this is my all-time favorite statement ! it is so versatile ... i have actually turned it into a game . when i'm with my friends , i will find funny what if ... statements about the ... flatlander i do agree that the cognitive functions would be more useful for a more definite description of typology than jumping right into myers-briggs or the enneagram for that matter . i did ... i have a lot of friends that i have tried to help them type themselves . there have been many people that are receptive but i will come across a few ( i can think of one in particular ) who more or less ... i do not like it when i go to the bank / grocery store / etc . and people are so fake that they might as well ooze pasteurized prepared cheese product . i especially don't like it when this occurs while ... i've only read one book by riso and hudson and it is a very good book ! here is a link : barnes & noble | personality types : using the enneagram for self-discovery by don richard riso , houghton ... leadintea the reason i said ixxx for paula deen is because she has admitted to being agoraphobic in the past . when you are walking to your car after making a short stop at the local 7 - eleven and notice that the driver of the car next to you has his passenger side door all the way open preventing you from ... guy fieri - esfp / 7 giada de laurentiis - esfj / 2 maybe ? paula deen - isfj / 2 alton brown - intj ( i already looked this up a while ago ) / 5 rachel ray - esfp / 7 or 9 ? robert irvine - istj /8 i know ... the only romantic language that i relate to is french ! haha . just kidding . i'm torn between words of affirmation , quality time , and physical touch . hornet how much would your recommend linux over windows or mac ? hornet thank you so much ! i used the command and tried gnome classic . it is really fast and i will definitely use it if the system gets too bogged down ! i am a recent convert to ubuntu . i switched from windows xp and so far , i am loving ubuntu and unity ! are there any other fellow ubuntu ( or linux ) users out there ? tortured thaaat's me ! likewise my fellow type 6 comrade ... stop suffocating everyone like a grocery bag ... ( and i don't mean those eco-friendly ones either ... ) do you think it is possible that somebody's type can change throughout their life ? which mbti type do you think edits their posts / writing most often ? i have a big problem with retyping everything i post because i personally think it sounds awkward . i even have this problem while ... do you ever get impatient ? ( kind of a rhetorical question ) if so , what do you get most impatient with ? for me , i can't stand it when different inanimate objects start to cause me problems at ... i really want to read more about he enneagram . i already have personality types by riso and i find it very interesting . are there any books that you recommend ? thanks ! i know this probably falls in line with being si-dom but do you ever have strong feelings centered around an object ? if so , what is the object and what are the feelings ? also , have you ever ... can i tell you that it almost feels as if i'm talking to myself ! it seems that almost everything you have described fits me almost 100 % ! i also had the same problem you are going ... teddy 564339 i'm glad that i'm not alone ! i've always thought i was the only one that has ever had these feelings . i should try my best to not care about what others think of me but it's really ... there are different times where i will have the urge to make a new friend . i think i have talked about this in other posts but usually the new friend has a list of specifications that i've made . here ... i have actually received many compliments regarding my interest in typology in awkward situations . one time , i was at school and my friend who knows i love to help other people type themselves ... i am planning on majoring in french language and literature and possibly double majoring in general music . i am actually perusing many different colleges at the moment . right now , hartwick college ... vous êtes un québécois , n'est-ce pas ? figureskater you're right ! mal is used in french . a lycée ou ailleurs ? when you are with your friends , do you let loose and sometimes act crazy or are you always reserved no matter what the situation is ? i feel that i am pretty good at finding how to get places without much help . i also feel that i am good at giving good driving directions to others ? are you good with directions ? are you good at ... bienvenue ! je vois ( dans une autre poste ) que vous parlez français ! si vous voulez parler avec quelqu'un qui peut parler français , vous pouvez me contacter ! à bientôt ! il me plaît tellement qu'il y a beaucoup des personnes ici qui parlent le français ! butterfly girl je ne connaissais pas qu'il y a une compétition national pour la langue de français . que ... i know there are times when i can be easily impressed . sometimes , i will jump into situations ( buy a product , commit to something ) because i get so easily impressed and then find out later that the ... feeling sleep deprived wondering how i am going to accomplish everything that needs to be done tomorrow ... you walk in a waiting room with the intention to sit quietly in the corner because you don't want to attract a lot of attention only to find yourself striking up a conversation with a complete ... i am interested in hartwick college and am going to visit the campus soon . i plan on majoring in french language and literature and minoring ( or double majoring ) in music ( piano major and violin ... i saw the dark knight rises recently . it was the day after the shooting so i was a bit scared while watching the movie . every time there was a loud fight scene , i would get extreme anxiety . it was ... eluquise yes yes and again yes ! ! ! i was just thinking about this today . there is a restaurant that i've been going to since i was little and i always get the same dish every time i go . i ... i really love to speak french and am very interested in foreign languages . are there any other isfj's here that love foreign languages / french ? i've seen a lot of people here ( including myself ) analyze pictures so that other people could help them identify their type . what exactly does this indicate ? '