' my infj so as she brought 20 fairy cakes covered in galaxy chocolate for us to munch on . currently down to 5 . i'm a person who knows what he wants . getting roped into a friday night out ? the requester never asks again when i explain my strong introversion to them yet they learn a new understanding on human ... my money's on rhetorical . i'm 21 going out with a female infj who's 18 . she's under developed , personality wise , but she harbors the intense deepness that i do . she made me quit smoking though . i like smoking . ¬ ¬ get everything out in the air . have a 1 to 1 with your dad , explain everything . i'd probably start with i need you to listen to me and try to understand , please try if direct discussion doesn't ... enfp infp infj entp intp istj i love looking after istj's the most . the ones i've met always seem so cheerful and sunshiny on the inside . i'd love to stroke an istj females hair and whisper , ... currently studying broadcast journalism at uni . i'm a confident infj but this degree is a big battle against reignited anxiety . i do foresee me becoming battle hardened at the end but a ... 1 . i've had too many relationships . i know what i want out of a person . i'm not one to hold myself back if love truly wants to find me but i'd really just like someone who i can mold into a big , ... infp's are bloody brilliant . i'd love the idea of meandering through life with an infp perspective , it'd be extremely fun in my opinion ! i think you're probably the third person to comment on how i look . thank you , it means a lot . i just don't really see it myself , i have outward confidence but inward confidence is something i'm not ... just left a potential so istj by going home and leaving her with her friends . i just felt useless . i'm sure tomorrow will bring better things . lmao , only you can be my bitter girlfriend and get away with it ;D well , i personally think that it's our blank expressions and endless curiosity to the outside world , a trait we gain from our ... well you only responded to what you could . that's good enough for me . there's no inner , hidden method to empathy . empathy is empathy , stop trying to mask it with hidden intentions you can't bring ... alright . i'll bite . we're all unique here , not one is the same . applying your logic to your statement means to ridicule the whole thread , this glorious thread . if you want to scour the past 406 ... a people person , to me , has one of the qualities of not actively attacking someone to prove a point , like you did . i wont even bother with this debate . you seem set in your ways , it'd go on for ... you're not a people person , are you ? i generally meant what i said , it's more self-pity then auto-fellatio , as you lovingly describe it . i truly don't understand why people seem interested in me . ... you know you're an infj when you can't justify why so many people eye * * * you . i'm not that attractive . just moved to university and the first day , everything was fine , was my usual , charming self with everyone i met . but every day after that , i feel heavily drained . i think it's either my mind ... i'm guessing that a fully developed intj in all functions would be a killer with the ladies . i , myself , don't have that much trouble with the female variety , it's a learning game , a painful one .  ... just moved to university myself . i've been propping my door open to give off a open door policy which my flatmates have taken themselves so there's no social awkwardness about joining another ... i love the human mind and how complex it is . 51 . strange as people see me as quite thick skinned . http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=SIaFtAKnqBU tickles me silly . infj's learn from pain but you should also stay adamant and assertive . if you're unhappy , tell him . i haven't met an infj to that description but i'm the only male infj i've ever met so i can't ... moving on .. infuriates me . usually said by me entp friend so , in the end , i have to beat her up <3 retro . i can't seem to find my feet . i used to be quite physical and strong but i can't seem to get the ball rolling when it comes to exercising anymore . i don't mind my body , i'm not fat but i do mind how ... damn , you must be up out your mind ! sorry , couldn't resist . i'm the one that kills . cancer . my rooms always a mess but when i tidy , i tidy . i'm pretty masterful at tidying other peoples places . it's more of a set your mind to it kinda thing but if my rooms messy , to me , it means i'm ... you know you're an infj you're the only one who asks questions . you know you're an infj when your stare pierces the souls of others and they know it . life is yours . shape it as you please . you have an ego being directly linked to this post , i only owe it to you all to post what i know about me . i'm theamazingjoluco but you can call me joe or as my friends call me , the jokage . i'm currently ... so , what would be the best method to make some super cool infj friends on here ? why does braille sound like a delicious fruity all bran cereal ? 1 . viva pinata . i love those cute and cuddly motherflippers . 2 . that's it really . i don't care that much as long as i am myself at the end of the day . i be myself all the time , i don't hide who i am . i have been told something like this . i used to think similarly . look , i grew ... you know you're an infj when you could probably pull the meaning of life out of a chair . when your eyes look first and then your head follows . when you stop speaking and respond with only facial expression and the person you're talking to ends up finding you even more interesting . not sure , my dear , but he had the scent of lemon crest and a scar i'm where people need me . i miss my sp side . i used to be so well rounded , took life by the balls so i could guide people and help them . now , after the psychological breakdown , i feel weak and powerless . i'm coming back ... what do i love ? everything . my istp father puzzles me sometimes . random burst of anger and all i can do is go wussaaa whilst rubbing my ears when , deep down , all i want to know is why he gets so angry . edit : kinda ... my funny wit has attracted my entp friend into nearly considering leaving her boyfriend for me . i was like nope , i aint gonna be the reason for this and now everything is fine like toast with ... after 12 ex's , all i've learnt is that being yourself and not trying to .. well .. tryu 200b would be the best advice . makes me question life and its great mysteries .. posted . there's someone a train ride away . time to get ma ' swag on and not make eye contact . i can't stop watching the pole dancing bunny . i mean .. wha - ..  .. i love the internet . i usually hear phrases like a healthy infj when referencing to myerrs briggs so i'm guessing unhealthy is leaning towards your shadow functions ? i'm not quite sure how to comprehend unhealthy but ... '