' no doubt they thought that . and it was no less a matter of slander against other ideologies . i know their reasoning , but it was faulty . the general lack of success of marxism strongly suggests ... i haven't been in much that you'd call a fight - really , the only qualifier was when i was * really * quite young , in grade 1 or somesuch . there was a kid in grade 2 who liked to bully me ( not ... lukebtc : basically , tldr , but there is anarchism and then there's anarcho-capitalism ( and its softer cousin , libertarianism in the sense of the libertarian party ) . anarcho-capitalists often refer ... marxists have certainly referred to their ideals as scientific socialism but that doesn't make it scientific . i don't * necessarily * mean disrespect to marxists ( at least , not the good ones ) , but ... i'm deeply offended , cricket . i don't ever think my heart will forgive you for posting a video of stuff . n . e . v . e . r . having , apparently , been invited to this party , imma do what i always do in these situations . 1 . burst boldly into the room . 2 . ferocious confidence , unerring purpose , i make my way to a ... sometimes true - definitely not always true . at least , presuming you mean see a cock that is bepanted , in the sense that someone can see a bum that , too , is bepanted , ie : the impression of ... ravage delrex . think imma turn that into ravage del rex .   ... wow , am i ever conceited as a porn star ... i'd use the ferocious powers of my brain ! in other words , i'd bonk it to death with my head . then i'd bonk to death whoever designed my spell-checker , which doesn't recognise the word ... ... okay , you may not read the whole of this - and i don't really know what you want ( do you really know what you want ? you've only vaguely said you dislike certain things and have mentioned little ... 368442 there we go . something less blurry . not expecting the happy ending ! but very pleased about it - kinda sick of hearing people go off about oh god don't wait everything will be awful etc . well done ! http://elwco.com/phoho/horsehymen.png look at what you non chatboxxers are missing . awww yeah , all the chicks just want the worm . except the lesbians , anyway . and asexuals . i've always been pretty sure that they're actually cats wearing human costumes . it's rather more common than we typically realise . http://i62.tinypic.com/1zupdy.jpg miles 06 - i'm feeling sympathy pains for the bad spelling you're pregnant with belrose : f / fetus / cali belrose : useful to have a womb with a view and mind powers . ... thighs wrapped around my hips ... : unsure : a girl's head resting on my chest , asleep . aw jeez : ( belrose : i need to make a picture of a bouncing tractor blasting 50 cent . belrose : in da hood , plowin yo fields like i'm plowin ' yo hos ___ ... i think it's a really clumsy referring to the smashing together of bodies ... in a not very flattering way . : / but it seems that most of the sexual innuendo that guys come up with is really ... ... come on ... there's got to be someone on this forum with the hulk as their avatar , or with a name referencing the hulk who can join this thread . 0 % terrible at accents . well , i guess if you can't be a horse , you may as well be a robot . that's pretty good too . i guess ... pass . ick , children : / for a little while i tried going to clubs and dancing . when i wasn't feeling too preposterous to dance , i went and boldly danced like a ferocious fool . eventually i stopped , though ( last time i did ... nice to know that i'm the protagonist in * something * . i'm not sure if i know what this is , unlike some here . like some here , i do think the results are off at points . i came off saying ... primarily in my interests and beliefs - i've inclinations that many people don't quite so much . even among people who are interested in certain * subjects * that i'm in to , i often differ from them in ... you'd be paid in street cred . hah : p i am a goth . or was . however you consider it . eventually every goth becomes less concerned with the title and does whatever , but it remains a part of you ( for most , anyway ) . if i ... i've seen a bit that you've said about your disinclination for people who disobey rules , and while i'm not totally on board with all of it , i'm definitely on board with this . so much this . drives ... of course depending on the individual , but i often find i quite like intjs . the tendency towards a strong intellectualism ( or at least an * appreciation * of intellectualism ) amongst them is nifty .  ... i'm one of those rare cases of a person who actually self-identifies as a hipster ( and unironically so ) . so , yeah . lots of neat independent music out there ( and also , frankly , lots that's ... i require low light , slightly spookyish perhaps to some . my new apartment i'm kinda loving , it lights up ( or down ) just right at night . if i ever get the kitchen empty of containers filled with ... i don't read much fiction anymore - used to read some fantasy and a little sci-fi . occasionally still these days , but not as often ... kinda want to get back into it a bit . started reading the ... not precisely that i love the word , but i find it to be fascinating the history of the russian word мир - mir , which means both peace and world . long ago , a mir specifically referred ... : p i was joking . theoretically . if i try to tell some sort of anecdote , or explain something i'm interested in ( like some bit of history ) , they'll quickly stop listening . completely my ... 32.5 % masculine 61.6 % feminine 61.6 % androgynous ( some of these percentages might be slightly off since i couldn't tab back here when it gave the results , but shouldn't be off by very much ) i'd answer but nobody would bother to read it anyway : ( ( ( well ... aside from death ... i've occasionally had the odd nightmare where i've done * horrible * things . awful , cruel , evil sorts of things . nothing makes me feel worse , i fill with this ... never had a really proper diary , though occasionally tried to do little diary-ish attempts in the past . never thrilled with it , ultimately , as when i'd write it was usually because i was upset about ... ... i dream on a daily basis about running away and working in a library . : / problem is , all the postings are part time , not enough to properly live on - unless i get a degree in library sciences ... i'm with you on this , * but * i believe that some people view it as a challenge - they may be somehow interested in the person , and it gets their blood pumping to think that they might make someone who ... the video says that we're fantasy neuro-troglodytes . i'm pretty alright with that . : ) 1 . how do you feel about this or that type questions ? ( ex : coke or pepsi ? ) i have no strong opinion about them . i suppose it might depend on the question , if it's a particularly interesting , ... 280890 since i last was around , some time ago , i've grown a beard . and become a pirate . my inclination to take bathroom selfies has , however , not improved . : / don't get me wrong - your the intent of your post is kind , positive , and generally i agree with it , just ... this part . you don't * actually * know you're going to have sex some day . some ... the scenario seems ideal enough - and i'd feel no problems with being her * friend * certainly . i guess things become particularly confusing to me when sex is mixed up in things - lacking that , then ... ... i may be an extreme case . : / no , i probably wouldn't be alright . i may or may not go for it , depending on how strongly i felt about her , but i'd feel * very * conflicted as i'd have known i had ... decidedly not . i think you're going to get a lot of similar answers to this one . we may be romantic but infps ' romanticism is strongly linked with their sense of ethics . i'm sure there must be * some * who ... '