' aw , okay ... * laughs awkwardly and shuffles feet , directing them towards a hypothetical door * went on a long walk with him round a forest for 3ish hours . he cycled all the way from his house to meet me ( quite a bit away ) . there were no awkward silence and we just had a very long conversation ... went on a long walk round a forest . didn't hug or kiss but there were no awkward silences at all and it was 3 hours long . he cycled around 4 miles to meet me so it's good i guess :) intp , 5w4 , eldest . only one younger sibling who is probably an esfp , although i do have a half-sister who is 18 years older than me , but i've never lived with her so obviously i've always been ... so , i was just wondering how other intps were / are as teenagers just to see whether we had similar struggles and thoughts . as i only know one other intp teenager , i want to see how everyone else ... this video quality though ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xsp3_a-PMTw ha i got an answer and it was yes :) i'm currently doing this , he hasn't run away so far and he replies within 1 minute , even if he's playing video games ... but he still hasn't admitted anything . it's like drawing blood from a stone ... so , i'm trying to decipher whether or not this intp is interested in me . i know he's an intp because i got him to do the mbti test . i am also an intp , but i believe that because he is male and his fe ... - i have posted something similar in a different community / forum , so if you have seen this before , don't point it out . so , i will be as basic as possible as it's late and i don't particularly like ... picture this by blondie , came up on shuffle :) yeah , i would agree with esfp , but you see , their style may not work with every type , it just may be more ' traditional ' - or something like that . my flirting style includes really witty humour , ... so , this is exactly what it sounds like : compliment the type above you , then harshly insult them in the same sentence ! - of course , you might need to use stereotypes , oh well :) so , fellow intps , how do you deal with being proven wrong in a debate or someone pointing out flaws in your logic . personally , i have an open mind and usually accept it when it comes to people ... if i'm writing fiction , my style is rather vague , for example teachers may write : this doesn't make sense , if i'm trying to make my writing and extended metaphor . also , i tend to not structure my ... i'm an intp : - i take interest in clothes / fashion ( occasionally ) - i appreciate art , and i'm taking it as a subject in school - i like english literature and i'm fond of poetry - i'm not a lazy ... 13 mbti : intp enneagram : 5w4 alignment : neutral / chaotic neutral instinctual variant : sx hogwarts house : ravenclaw star sign zodiac : leo chinese zodiac : sheep big five personality type : open ... chaotic neutral human wizard / sorcerer ability scores : strength - 13 dexterity - 13 constitution - 14 intelligence - 17 wisdom - 12 charisma - 9 results :( largest percentages ) 49 % intp 16 % infp 10 % istp 6 % entp 4 % intj you wear headphones to avoid conversation in public - mainly on public transport or whilst queueing :) hehe 692370 6923 7869238 6 yes , i would say i am accused of being so random when talking to others , but usually i work out who to do it with and who to not speak much at all with ; people get annoyed when i jump from one thing ... i love cooking ! it's just a fun to experiment with foods and find out what ratios work and why and what doesn't and why :) i usually deviate from recipes , though , which either makes it taste a lot ... just realised i've replied to this thread at different times with completely different answers , update : i like this intp i have become friends with , very much so i was reluctant to make this thread as i don't particularly like discussing topics like this , but i can't get it out of my mind , so here i go ... ( i apologise in advance if this sounds a bit all over ... complete guess , but isfx type most likely to lead a protest infp ixtj , infp , enfp , intp , enfj more often than not . it really annoys me , especially because girls / women are expected to smile and will be told to and boys / men will not be expected to smile , unless they usually do , therefore not be ... so , before secondary school i was basically arrogant , smart , decently good at sports , pretty artistic , inconsiderate and extremely condescending lmao . i was a lot more extraverted , and i mean a lot ... i clearly notice when someone likes me if they are outright and honest and if they randomly give me compliments etc . - i don't get many unless they are about my intelligence . if it's anything other ... hehe , can relate to that one , unfortunately :) :( i know one , we talk everyday and we're getting to know each other more . so , i guess you could say we get on . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9zDz5BrngxQ i am brutally honest . people mistake it as a means to be spiteful , however it isn't to be nasty . i think people benefit from my honesty , and i value it highly ; people know i'm honest , so when i say ... i am similar :) estp type most likely to have more existential crisises than friends intp - biologically female - 76.9 / 100 masculine -49/100 androgynous -46/100 feminine interesting to see what traits etc . intps have that aren't conventionally associated with the intp personality . please also explain why you think they aren't and why you think you have the ... all the time . i get so frustrated when people don't see my connections , like teachers . i speak extremely metaphorically , using analogies and whatnot , to try and help people understand my thoughts but ... oh god , where do i begin ? i relate to this so much and i've been called frigid , cold and spiteful , when i just offer my honesty to the world ! intps are the opposite of what society desires , esfjs , so ... i do not believe in no wealth creation whatsoever , just distribution . i guess it is social justice . wealth creation is certainly beneficial , but i just think that when people are extremely wealthy ... ok , thank you for your reply :) i have worked out that i'm an intp with weak introversion , as my dominant function is not ne intp then :) thank you collide with my dad more , but relate to him more , few collisions with mum but relate to her less myself - xntp 5w4 sx mum - unknown mbti , 9w1 , most likely isfj or infj - used to be introverted as a child , now more open , i find her difficult to type as she likes social situations but tends to ... thank you for clarifying ne / ni . i really relate to the ne daisy chain and i prefer using it to ni - i think my preference of this thought process annoys people sometimes . i must admit though , i ... thank you . i really relate to the ne daisy chain and i prefer using it to ni - i think my preference of this thought process annoys people sometimes . thanks for clarifying this . i must admit ... i have been struggling to type myself recently and it's frustrating me quite a bit . i am torn between intp , entp and intj . clearly , i initially typed myself as intp , however i have begun to question ... '