' stem fields can get some great internships that are paid . also , learn some basic web dev using a content-management system ( word press , joomla , etc ) and then build websites for people and show them ... i only really troll in real life now . and even then , i make sure to spread the sarcasm around to everyone including myself frequently . also try to avoid anyone who is obviously having a bad day ... by doing the opposite of what your rational mind tells you to do . don't run away or suppress it , but explore it with an open-minded , compassionate curiosity . of course , you may need some time ... part of this has mentioned here , but make sure you are following proper sleep hygiene https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sleep_hygiene#Recommendations other than that , i would focus on finding a ... thanks , i haven't thought of that last part before ! that's clever ! another one i heard recently was : if you're in an elevator with small children , ask them to press the button for your floor ... what observations have my fellow entps made about how to easily make someone's day better ? even if the person isn't necessarily sad or upset , but just the usual . the person in question can be ... i haven't taken the test , but i think this comment captures the two different ways entp's are social chameleons . first , take an entp with low fe . this is the immature trollish asshole entp . the ... this . when i'm around all my introverted friends , i will slowly accidentally start to dominate the conversation , or at least definitely start / carry a lot of the conversation at first . but my ... unless you go up and punch everybody in the face , i doubt everyone dislikes you . the trick is when you start having these thoughts you need to find a way to make them stop before you get stuck in a ... i think it is typical for entps to feel that way . especially if we are close to burning out or are burnt out . when burnt out , we're trapped in si in the worse way , and nothing seems to excite the ... and how are you handling as of now ? what do you believe brought you to this position ? do you feel any responsibility to others in your life ? if so , what is it ? what is it directed towards ( family , friends , society , humanity , etc ) ? if yes , do you think this is due to your fe and si , ... idk . it would be situational , depending on who ( if anyone ) was around me . i would probably focus on comforting them - sharing the first memory that comes to mind that involves me and them , throw in a ... 1 ) you leave the library with 20 books on 40 different subjects ;) 2 ) you have several downloaded pdfs , epub books , programs , etc 3 ) you no longer remember where you got the majority of those ... well , shouldn't inferior si help temper down ne ? aren't they opposites in that regard ? if through meditation one could strengthen and learn a little control of their si , couldn't they then learn to ... thanks everybody for all of the suggestions . i can temporarily distract myself with similar things polemic , unfortunately however , one can't do these things when they are trying to sleep . despite the ... does anyone have any recommendations for a good resource on meditation that easily speaks to an entp's mind ? i'm hoping to learn meditation so that i can quiet my brain sometimes , and also ... 1 . what is the best way to initially connect with you ? i don't mind exchanging pleasantries at first . or even a little small talk . but if you want to keep my interest / connect with me , then ... drifting the best way i can describe it is using a computer science analogy . in computer science , we often use a thing called inheritance in order to avoid duplicating code and also easing code maintenance . ... i hate talking about myself and used to suck at receiving compliments . although i have been told that at times through humor i'll be both conceited but also self-effacing . if i'm with a group of close friends and we are watching a movie , i'll crack jokes throughout it sometimes . they know they can tell me to stop though , or we can always rewind . when a movie ... i think it is this that then turns into anxiety . to me , entps ( and intps ? ) seem to be very present to future oriented people . i personally at least live very in the now . whatever i am working on and ... sometimes i can stop thinking for a very short term by focusing on a very simple repetitive motion such as cleaning out my electric shaver or washing dishes . i guess i think more of my sensations ... i'm not sure i would . if i did , it could spawn an existentialist crisis . did i just destroy time ? am i now still the same person ? :p basically , all of my mistakes - no matter how major or minor at ... this this this . i'm going through this now . i've always , for the most part , just intuitively conversed with people and it always seemed to work out . but once i start to analyze it or think about it ... i'm currently burnt-out in the fact that i overextend myself in order to keep my options open . i'm still trying to figure out what i want to do in life ( currently in college ) and so am hesitant to ... whenever this starts happening to much to me , i am very quickly reminded in some situation that i myself don't know a lot about life or a skill . for instance , i would be helpless out in the forest ... a mentor who i connect with intellectually , emotionally , and spiritually . a direction . the ability to not have to sleep . creativity . the right amount of unbalanced balance . in high school i started identifying myself as a libertarian but i stopped that . mostly because it carries an image of being ron paul or some other extreme position . i guess now i'm more of a ... the responsibility can help , but i think primarily you just need to change the way your thoughts process . fake it until you become it amy cuddy : your body language shapes who you are | video ... going to a new place can help one make a new start , but it isn't the cause for that new start . any change - ultimately - won't be depending on where you are , it will depend on yourself . you ... i'm not sure how to describe it honestly . i guess the best description is it is a more raw emotion , which makes sense if this is a lesser function . but i'm starting to like that aspect of myself now ... when watching sitcoms / reality tv shows / etc , i can get very uncomfortable during embarrassing / awkward scenes . i am always drawn to whoever is being left out from a group activity and go talk to ... no , we need to develop newspeak . why go through the pain and energy of censorship , when we can just build it right into the language ? [ shudders ] sensationalism and you : how to become a successful news anchor everything's okay : how to raise your child in a life of blissful ignorance whistleblowing 101 : hello nsa , this is called humour that's funny . i only like people who don't like me . i think we just became best friends revenant . this is the beautiful beginning to a one-sided bestfriendship ! you're the reason i had to pick jd salinger as an avatar and not camus ;) albert camus is the only philosopher who i have actually read more than just an excerpt or summary of . reading the myth of ... i can be impulsive . not sure if that is more the fact of my age ( 19 ) or of cognitive functions per se . also , sometimes my actions / thoughts appear impulsive to others because i don't always explain ... take a public speaking course ? i was required to in college . i was lucky to have a good class and good teacher that were supportive . but in the worse scenario , most people will probably zone out ... short version : this is one of the names i use for non-official , non-real life business . long-version : i had to come up with an email to sign up for some software program for my high school band ... i forgot my smartphone and i'm on the toilet , and all i got is this shitty book the last person to read this wins my money 365 days - a once-per-day manual for your daily existentialist crisis ... i would research the perfect toilet architecture , so that dust doesn't collect , and that there will no longer be an argument between a man and a woman over how the seat should be left after use .  ... if you are taking summer classes , it will be harder to also fit in internships or research , which is more important for beefing up your resume . also , at least at my school , summer classes are ... the one i'm trying to remember : be kind , for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle the other one that symbolizes my life philosophy is in my signature . i'm sure this has been said but age of empires ii and age of mythology i spent so much time just reading the history sections from those games , and then going to the local library to read more ... i was quite moved by this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9EVEmZ2c_es to be content ( happiness is overrated ) , to have children , and to be a good father if i do have children . assuming i've had enough sleep ( big assumption ) , i don't really laugh at my own jokes . i might start laughing at others ' laughter from the joke though . i do occasionally chuckle though from some ... if a spider , or almost any insect , is minding its own business , i won't kill it ( else i feel guilty ) . however , if it is near a personal area ( bathroom sink , bed , etc ) , then unfortunately it must be ... '