' enfps do not troll that much . i mean he is a person who on purpose says rough jokes . :) ) and this is extremely entp , they just enjoy pissing people off :D yes entps can be too much when you are tired and busy , need their help . i have a very clear estp colleague and when every time i have some crisis , he makes horrible jokes . last friday i was super ... i am sometimes too assertive , but when i was young i was not . i think it is something i developed with the age . 7w8 , but am not 100 % sure i am enfp :) i feel the same way . i consider myself quite attractive to be honest , but people just friendzone me . it is the story of my life . i evelop very close relationships with people o the opposite sex and ... i honestly i also confuse you between these two types , but because see clearly fe and ti , also see some ni here displayed , and you remind me very very much of my mother , who is an ( e / i ) nfj , based ... thanks , i guess since i am not a very serious student of mbti it is hard for me to imagine how someone so different than me would function . i find it fascinating how much the type , that is different ... hey fourtines , i also commented on fe for her . ozones . so there seems to be a general consensus - - all think esfj for you . what about the i do not have emotions part ? how can this be explained ? aaa now i see . i think you just skipped some math work in your first answer and that is why i didn't get it :) ) . this and the fact that this is a cultural based thing , as in my media these images do ... ok i will read and ask i i do not understand something . ok how is spending time on the beach bbq with people is si ? what would be se ? i think se is sports / athleticism / enjoyment of what you ... actually enfps have active and inactive periods , when they recover and process the stuff that is happening . esxx :) why is she a clear si user ? in me these functions se and si are very underdeveloped and i cannot recognize them in people or in myself . to me she could as well be se , because of her mentioning that ... ozones , to me you definitely do not sound like a fi user , because you say that you pretend you have empathy . a fi user is very authentic , this is very important - - the authentic expression of ... scianto , to be honest i can definitely differentiate between infp and enfp when i see pictures , because of the different style of energy they exude . infp very often look very dreamy and gentle and ... dear all , i am still lost in trying to profile myself . i test enfp the most and consider myself enfp for the most part , but sometimes infp , sometimes entp . all i know is that i do have a hyperactive ... well infp - yes in the sense of creativity and sensitivity . but he is also extremely sexual - promiscuous , addicted to sex etc ... infp seem monogamous . also he does have explosive temper in some ... hi , i was just wondering the same thing . i wonder why no one replied to your post . his lyrics are very symbolic to me , yet are related often to something seen , read or heard , i believe this is ne . on ... well honestly i do put a lot of struggle , but i also have luck . i think the idea about the lack of struggle comes from the way we take things - i try to be quite optimistic and always look on the ... sorry english is not my first language . i also ask people awkward questions and speak before i think ... but i think that makes them feel awkward , not me :D i want to develop my te and some sensor functions ... i need to become more organized ... ( i hate the idea of organization , but ... ) i i also want to start to live a healthy lifestyle - lose some ... i am often bodily unaware due to very high n ( or maybe due to other reasons ) and i am very physically clumsy and awkward physically ... ( i bump into things due to not paying attention etc ) . apart from ... hey i am sorry if my previous answer was too one-sided . i think that if something she does makes you uncomfortable , you should definitely confront her about it . my intj friend when he thinks i am ... erm ... ure not intj or ure very young and immature . to me you sound like the horrible friend , not her . she did nothing to u on purpose and was just doing her thing , she hadnt broken any promises to ... i dont think i know an infj in real life ... they are incomprehensible to me for me while my emotions are very very intense i might choose to share them or not to share them , express something different etc . i usually process my emotions a lot before really understanding ... ok first of all equivalence relations are symmetric so there was some redundancy in the math part . second , this post is very long . third :) just man up and ask her out . if you dont want your ego ... 1 . varies very much . have greater capability of happiness and misery than most people . i might be a borderline 2 . socially skilled i would say 7 - can make anyone feel good and comfortable , but ... top 1 movie is stalker ( a russian movie ) just because of the message . the rest : full metal jacket , the lone rider , the fountain , eternal sunshine of the spotless mind ( oh if only ) , amores perros , ... damn , i never understood female fascination with enf males ... but have also observed women falling very easy for the enfp males . not to overgeneralize but all enfp males i know are female magnets and ... shit sorry ! ! ! frenchie so you think that becoming more introverted has made you more charismatic ? i must try that ... but then i will be completely dangerous to humanity :D well entp has a ti not a ni ... i am not sure i get ni very well , but i get ti due to having a ti dom boyfriend for many years . so ti is really analytical and tries to find reason in a methodical way ... just to help a bit fi and t is not about logic vs emotions , but about how u make decisions / decide whats right and whats wrong ... do you do what seems logical and reasonable , or do u do what feels ... oh this is the last i am posting in this thread as i have said all i know on the matter . yes someones life can be changed negatively even after one sexual encounter - - that is why i made the point ... hey , mr stinson , i also suck at calculations and simple arithmetic and find those to be very boring but am very good at the abstract stuff . always forgot to add the constant when integrating etc . i ... this is ow a particular intp acted with a particular enfp o a first random meeting : us meeting with a common friend , him throwing a snowball at me . me thinking what an idiot . us going to a bar ... i brought up the concept of numbers because the original poster focused on dating 50 men in a certain period of time . furthermore you said what happens if you are sexual with 50 men and then you ... hey guys . first i do love william blake . second , yes it is possible that what happens to the body does not affect the mind and the soul and the psychology of a person . sex is a very powerful thing ... even nice enfps are not very good people in certain occasions . you can be bad by simply being irresponsible and neglectful to your duties . i know i have been a bad girl . i also dated enfp ... you can sleep with 2-3- 5 for the wrong reasons and with 50 for the right ones . numbers are not very representative . you can be a virgin when u meet ur husband and then cheat while in marriage . you ... dear anonymous ... did u ever see me as a human being at all ? you ruined everything and i will never ever ever let u get close to me again . please get off my face and stop pestering me with dumb ... theoretically , nothing out of the extraordinary happens - the same as if you have slept with 2-3- 5 guys the previous year . you meet a person fall in love decide he is all you need . it depends on what ... love hundreds . but if i have to give top 5 kurt vonnegut , haruki murakami , margaret atwood , gore vidal , ray bradbury . i guess im older , but nuber one hated song for me remains macarena . ah , and anything christian , except bach of course . well , intps are much more liberal sexually , due to their more fluid understanding of right and wrong . this makes the intjs much more perverted , because giving into temptation is always sweeter when ... hi ! a fellow enfp here . i wanted to write a bit on the topic . my longest relationship has been with an intp . it was also my first real relationship and i would qualify it as my best one so far . it ... i dont think sexuality is bad in itself . as long as you are honest about it . i also dont think sexual preferences can be gotten under control . however there is such a thing as misplaced sexuality ... i dont quite agree with this post . at least for me , i have never bitchslapped someone out of anger . i usually feel the anger intensely , but let it pass . same goes for jealousy , hurt feelings , even ... well to me this has happened literally twice , once with an ex boyfriend and once with a colleague . both times it was not a conscious choice , and both times i first hurt the person and then detached ... i adore the intj's they are my best friends - male and female ... the perfect combination of soft hearts and cold minds . what i find annoying is ... the judging :D especially i have problems with male ... '