' geralt of rivia - istp ciri - enfp ciri's father - estj yennefer - intj triss - enfj the pharaoh seems like an estj to me . he's determined , confident and enjoys a challenge in a te / fi way . but , comparing with kaiba ( who's an stereotypical entj ) , he's got much more values like honor ... the pharaoh seems like an estj to me . he's determined , confident and enjoys a challenge in a te / fi way . but , comparing with kaiba ( who's an stereotypical entj ) , he's got much more values like honor ... yugi - infp yami yugi - estj joey - esfp tristan - estp tea - enfj kaiba - entj pegasus - entp when i posted here one year ago , i was sure he was infj . now , i'm leaning more towards intj . though he's still definitely a ni-dom of some sort . that's what i was talking about . i think he's an infj . hm ... i changed some of my typings . tell me the ones you guys disagree with me and then i'll try to argue about it . tony - entj sid - intp cassie - infp michelle - enfj jal - istj chris - ... mr . white - isfj mr . orange - istj mr . pink - intj mr . blonde - estp vincent - istp jules - enfp mia - isfp butch - istj marsellus - entj tony - entj sid - intp cassie - infp michelle - esfj chris - esfp jal - istj maxxie - isfp anwar - estp effy - infj people typing rich as istp reminds me a thread about james hetfield from metallica , because he's quite the intj and people keep putting him on istp . franklin - intj lamar - esfp stretch - estp michael - estj amanda - enfj jimmy - istp tracey - esfp lester - intp i understand the questioning about trevor being i / e . the only thing nobody seems to disagree is that he's a p . and i say he's definitely not an n . come on , he's a textbook se user . he's all about ... cj an extrovert ? hell , no . totally behaves like an isxp . and i particularly think he's an istp . that's very easy : michael - estj franklin - intj trevor - esfp seriously , people . he couldn't be more entp . lester - istp ( i also think kevin spacey is an istp , he seemed so natural in this charachter ) . this guy is too passive to not be a ti-dom . some of you said ne / si instead of se / ni , why ? i saw a ... how does he use ti instead of te ? how is he a p ? only an entp can be that annoying ? annoying in what way ? being self-righteous and super competitive ? that is much more of a te thing than ne , ti or fe . gary is the textbook entj to anyone who has ... on a 1-10 scale : chandler - 10 joey - 9 phoebe - 8 rachel - 5 ross - 2 monica - 0 how on earth is ash a sensor ? too much fe in brock to be istp . i'm not sure about my or yours typing for misty . elaborate yours . i'm starting to reconsider entj for jessie . she's so shallow , ... he feels like an intp to me . very cool to see that there's one of them in popular music . most of you seem to agree he's on the ti / fe axis , but why xnfj ? why ni / se instead of ne / si ? his sense of ... ash - enfp . too dreamy to be an se-dom . his spirit of adventure doesn't come in a carpe diem way . it's all about the novelty , the adventure of discovering new things . he's an ne-dom . misty - ... i'm reconsidering gus fring being an intj ... i think he could very well be an infj . walt is the obvious intj and something doesn't seem right when comparing them . gus is way more skillful with ... forrest - infp . the story telling is quite the ne / si thing . it's all there in the way he perceives things . i could see a si-dom , but i'm going with fi . always seeing how the world affects him , ... paper towns : q - istj margo - enfp ben - entp radar - intp lacey - esfj you do make an argument for ne-dom and i agree . but why ti over fi ? she's fi-aux for sure . definitely enfp . surprisingly , no one has tried to type these guys here . they surely have interesting personalities . noel is a difficult one . infp maybe ? liam seems like an esfp . n / s is still arguable . there's some tertiary se in him ... but p is an absurd . how could he not be an extraverted judger ? i don't even know how to consider it to make an argument . cartman a p ? seriously ? so many people saying effy intj here . i thought the discussion about her would be between istp and infj . as an intj , i'm not safe with the idea of effy being one . she seems more like a ni / ti ... if he's a sensor , he has a se-aux , because he doesn't seem to repress intuition . 1st guess : infp , 2nd guess : intj , 3rd guess : isfp . you're introverted , you're intuitive and you use te / fi . infp or intj . i'm going to watch , but asking for feedback the way you did here already seems like a te sign to me . this little big blue ball where we live on . if it had a type , what would that be ? i think we definitely live in an extraverted and sensorial world ( probably the reason why there are só many ins ... soccer is full of sps , specially stps . i'm not going by stereotypes here , but they do actually make good athletes . se / ti / fe seems like the perfect combination for making you the classic soccer ... richard is ixfj and janice is esfj . fe / ti and ni / se . find out the order . of course rachel is enfj ... fits a lot better than estp . i don't remember why i disagreed with that . not only the arguments you mentioned for her having ni , there's also another very strong ... mycroft is unquestionably an intp ... and that's where we can see how weird it sounds to say sherlock is one . not saying that people with the same type must behave exactly the same , but they are ... everybody must already have noticed the constant parallel made between naruto / jiraiya / hashirama and sasuke / orochimaru / madara . now , what type do you think it fits more ? clearly , enfp and intj , ... omg , naruto is the most enfpish enfp who ever enfped on the face of earth . every enfp description i read , his image comes to mind . the childish crazy dreamer , yet independent and determined on its ... you guys questioned about kakashi being istj and then started listing things that indicate he is one . so are you disagreeing with me or not ? anyway , kakashi seems to be a classic case of istj . as ... of course deidara is enfp . i don't know why i didn't consider that . am i the only intj who always struggles with this axis : saying something harsh that people won't like to hear vs feeling bad about it just after saying it . changed my mind again about some : joey - esfp . self-explainable . chandler - intp . he's not so in touch with his fe . it seems more like a screwed up , childsh , inferior function . tertiary fe ... why is the kid esfp ? 999 % infj why haven't you considered entj ? i actually thought entj from the very first moment he appeared , but i don't think esfp is an absurd guess , since they have the same functions . i agree with many ... such a great movie . the better on the subject , i'd say . edward norton is an amazing dramatic actor . the big brother is an entj . dominant te , auxiliary ni and inferior fi markers are all over the ... '