i'm so glad i figured that out ! i definitely believe feelings do need to be taken into account and weighed with everything else ... but yes , i agree that in the end things should be based in fact .  ... it's okay , i worry enough for both of us . d'aww , i have a huge soft spot for men crying at sad / sappy stuffs . ( sad movie , groom seeing his bride , etc . ) like , i actually get gleeful about it . it's just so beautiful to see them lose it ... stupid ... absolutely . usually when the seasons change ... and my depression lifts a bit ... i have moments of pure euphoria brought on by smells , sounds and sights . usually natural , and usually reminiscent of ... ahaha virgo ... idk that i'm much help here . but i'll talk , accurate or not . if it wasn't for the blocking-on-facebook thing , i think he would tell you if it was over . istp's don't like raw ... i'm good at reading people , but i get cocky , and then i read things wrong . and i'm just having a grand old time , i think you might be having a grand old time , and i say something with humor and ... hello beloved infjs ! i come to you tonight with a problem . i'm posting with permission on behalf of lita 592 . lita is one of my absolute best friends , and is just pretty fantastic . she's the best ... d'aww , i love you guys . <3 * hugs * 1 . i do love you ! you asked me questions i want to answer , and that gives me the warm fuzzies in your general direction ! 2 . i answered this question yesterday on google plus , actually ! i'll ... sad ... i really feel for him . but understandable . * shrugs * any questions ! any questions are better than no questions ! sugarpeas ! questions people , questions ! it seems there are pretty big gaps between female and male enfps , so i can only really comment to a point , but i get my feels hurt . super easy . it causes me a tremendous amount of pain if i don't ... i resent those . : tongue : thank my posts and start a discussion with me . i love it . and talk about yourself ! share fun stuff . i must say , one of my favorite istp traits is the * shares fun stuff * trait . i will usually ... oh holy crap , no . i am incredibly self conscious and hard on myself and tattered inside ... my feelings get hurt at the drop of a hat , and i take everything to heart and so , so personally . i read ... i'm loving all this enfpxistp love around here today . <3 : blushed : i'm having my dad bring home ground beef for cheeseburgers tonight . for obvious reasons . but then again , isn't every day ... nobody ever replied to you ! D: well , i'm going to . i think these are spot on ! although i'm still going back and forth between isfj and esfj for chris . and ( spoilers ? ) since the emotion lord is ... healthy istp's are no bs , straight shooting , fun to be with ... mind always racing and creating like ours , but incredibly grounded . help me stay grounded in reality . which isn't always fun , but they're ... thank you ! > . < i love infjs and istps . a lot . isfjs are pretty cool , too , once you get to know them . : kitteh : i tend to be fond of people rather than types in general . trying to get over my ... there it is , then . haha . free jung + enneagram personality test this has been my favorite test by far . even when i'm in my more withdrawn , introverted periods , i still test out enfp . which to ... jeeze , everyone here is so amazing . i was not born with anything approaching artistic talent , but i taxidermied a rat last month , and i was kinda proud of him in his crystal--eyed glory . i kinda ... that's so weird . o . o i'm not convinced we live in the same country . i think japanese and korean are crazy pretty . leaning towards korean . i only know a few worlds and phrases , but i connect to that language somehow ... i feel like if i was going to learn a second ... i'm a very new enfp parent - and was parented by an xnfp as well - let's see . my mother's shortcoming was definitely consistency . nothing was consistent in my life except the lack of ... absolutely . my evenings are usually spent having a series of comfortable silences with friends . lol ... where do you live ? so i can stay far , far away ... i hate being regulated on anything , you tell me my dogs have to be schooled and have a stupid piece of paper to show it , i'm out . - proud mama ... welcome . : kitteh : i'm surprised you have social anxiety when you're tucked safely behind a screen . i have social anxiety in person pretty badly , but i always feel safe here . :D good on you for ... it's a night for intps ! :D that's a good thing . my dad's an intp , so i'm a little familiar with you guys . you're great . : kitteh : welcome welcome ! and get to posting . :D amused me . :D welcome ! get to posting ! haha , welcome , new intp . :P we expect great things from you . : kitteh : dear exfx child of mine : i'm sorry i'm not everything you deserve . i feel like i'm failing you every minute in my own self-absorbedness . i know when you're a teenager and you hear the story of ... familiar ? not really . it started the year i was born , and ended when i was 7 . i was aware of it in the way you might be aware of any other piece of pop culture that doesn't effect you - ' lots of ... i don't understand enneagram as well as i should , so i don't understand the ' wings ' , but i'm definitely a 2 as my main number thingy . i thought you might be , too . ^ - ^ i'm pleased i was right .   ... i took some not half-bad selfies today . * shares * http://i1356.photobucket.com/albums/q740/Ahtaeki_Akuti/2014-09-07_zpsca3dfe34.jpg ... thank you . : blushed : eh , i've talked about it till i'm blue in the face . i know i'm not telling you anything when i say i process by talking about something over and over until it finally heals ... http://i1356.photobucket.com/albums/q740/Ahtaeki_Akuti/7041ea0fd6f7c6c819182efd09b2803f_zps7a3f0ef0.jpeg http://i1356.photobucket.com/albums/q740/Ahtaeki_Akuti/hug1_zpsb84807f8.jpg ... as a teen , i thought facial hair was icky . probably ' cause my dad's always had a full beard . as a grownup , i still think mustaches ( on their own ) are icky ... but a full beard ? bring it . go big or go ... i don't know , i have pretty high tolerance for both . but this : i relate to that , but it's more like ... i become obsessed with people i'm in love with . i used to not understand why that ... * bear hugs back * i'm really glad that helped . i hoped what i was saying was what you needed , and not me just projecting onto your thread , haha . i am okay , thank you . it's fresh ... about 2 months ... dragon , all the way . i like the idea of riding a powerful , potentially destructive beast through the skies ... i'm not a huge fan of horses . i love them , i've owned them ... but i'm kinda over them . i spend my alone time with a close friend on skype ( voice ) , quietly doing our own things , every once in awhile showing the other something , or sharing a brief bit of conversation . somehow this lets ... * applauds * ^ yes . you just made me go all mushy inside . this is exactly why i surround myself with a few select beautiful , introverted minds . <3 1 . do you ever actually get over that person ? i don't think so . after dating several other people and having years pass , i'm gonna say no . i've finally come to terms with the fact we'll never be ... you're not alone ! i am with you there . when my mom left i went through this , ' can't trust people , therefore can't fully love people ' thing . it's hard when people who you thought weren't capable of ... pssh , anyone that really knows you knows you aren't actually being mean ! of course it takes some adjusting , but i love your teases . it helps me be more playful and tease back . :D * * hugs everyone * * thanks for being xnfps , guys . psst ... it's masturbation . yes , i gave this exact subject way too much thought . : kitteh : http://i1356.photobucket.com/albums/q740/Ahtaeki_Akuti/Bioshock_infinite_lutece_twins_zps11fd2d06.jpg