' what is the first thing that comes to mind when recalling a memory / experience ? do you remember feelings / events / sensory details / people / things you've said / a train of thought ? i'm an intj who has ... what is the first thing that comes to mind when recalling a memory / experience ? do you remember feelings / events / sensory details / people / things you've said / a train of thought ? is it completely random ? well , we as human beings are all pretty inconsistent and in flux so i don't think you can ever ' figure ' a type out . ( especially me ; not sure about other intjs . i'm the most contradictory person ... i'm so happy for you . this isn't constructive at all but yeah . maybe . i do admit that i'm very socially inept . but i'm often open to new experiences that can help me grow / improve myself . also , i don't really not like dealing with people's emotions , they just ... oh no i wasn't offended in any way . i just think it's interesting that you came to that conclusion through a text post . how do you even gauge social awkwardness through a text post ? basically , i hear everywhere that intjs are the masterminds that just love solving problems . i do if it's academic in nature ( say , when i don't understand something or if i take in new ... but if this person has no known difficulties or impairments , then doesn't it invalidate his claim ? perhaps it might be more difficult for him then for someone with genius iq , but it's high school ... yeah i read about this experiment done by rosenzweig and bennett . rats that were put in impoverished environments ( no toys / isolated ) had a much thinner layer of neurons in their cortex while those in ... can you please explain what you mean by i think your reasoning is a bit off ? i get what you mean by how interests can be naturally inclined but what does that have anything to do with having an ... yeah , i know that intelligence is hereditary in some ways , but do you think it's reasonable to live your whole life think that you should resign from learning specific things just because of your ... personally , i've always viewed expertise / competence in a subject area as mostly a reflection of hard work and passion . it would be a bit reductionistic to say that social conditions / the ... curious about the general consensus . you need to stop overthinking things . yes i get criticised for not knowing how to follow ' social protocol ' . for instance , i wanted to know what the scholarship benchmark for our grade was . ( i'm still in high school ) i asked the head of ... i love how externally passionate ( about the things they like ) and sort of whimsical they are . they're like the caricature of intuitive types that have an avid interest in something . my ... isn't it because you expressed interest in her in april 2016 ? that's why her esfp friend said she's protective of her ( cause she knows that the intj doesn't really like you ? ) i wouldn't know ... dvsg please change my username to ' fanaticalmusings ' do you observe them more ? talk to them more ? stare at them ? do you think about that person ? become uncomfortable ? i'm an intj too . was just wondering . i'm currently 16 and i go to high school . i realise that my teachers often don't really like me personally , but they still give me the best grades and comments about how driven i am / distinct , etc .  ... really like your mentality . i just don't appreciate the black and white approach where cheating is just wrong . end of story . i guess i have to realise that not everyone thinks the same way i do . i try to find a reason for everything i do but i guess it's not the same for everyone . true i guess i'm just an asexual who doesn't understand the idea of trust . i find it hard to trust anyone . even myself . maybe i'm indifferent towards the idea because i don't trust the person in the ... well like i said , i wouldn't know cause i've never been cheated on . i'm just incapable of thinking that things are wrong just because it's the way it is . fellow intjs , what are your opinions on cheating ? personally , i think that the most important thing is whether or not it meant anything to the person . i don't get it when people overreact and say ... muse-i belong to you , neutron star collision i've always had gut feelings that told me how a person is like but they're not very focused on the future . for example , instead of suspecting what a certain person would do , it's more that i can ... i retook the cognitive functions quiz and found out that i use ni mostly ( figured ) . ( and this has happened before but ) i had ti as my second . but this time , i had fi as my third and then te , ne , fe , ... i've always had gut feelings that told me how a person is like but they're not very focused on the future . for example , instead of suspecting what a certain person would do , it's more that i can ... i don't why people often associate low self-esteem with what people think . i've never really cared what people think of me , i just doubt myself because of the uncertainty of some events . ( for ... 36 intj not diagnosed i'm actually 16 . not sure if i should say this on a forum ( in fear of getting my account banned ) but i figured to hell with it cause i can always make another account if there is an age limit on ... i guess the only reason why my intp friend laughs along generally is because she knows where i'm coming from . maybe i can choose to be self-deprecating only when i've become closer to someone or ... but isn't self-deprecation owning up to your flaws ? ok well at least my comments are less whiny . i never sound like i want people's pity ( my best friend is an intp and she always laughs at my self-deprecating jokes , she never complains that they're ... it's actually quite paradoxical . i have anxiety and also what i would class as low self-esteem . i have quite a self-defeatist attitude but then i still never give up and try my best in all ... what if it was ' constantly saying negative things about myself ' for humour ? i don't know , sometimes i just like laughing when i fuck stuff up because it's so funny to think that i tried so hard ... i know i'm an intj and many mbti sources describe the intj to be arrogant / confident ( though the mbti description honestly doesn't mean that much---that's really a discussion for another time ) but i ... do you find first impressions to be lasting / indicative of a person ? have you ever changed your opinion about someone after a first impression ? do you make first impressions based on how people ... i'm an intj and i have a tendency to overanalyze and almost magnify small things ( to a neurotic extent ) when i'm anxious or bothered by them . is this common or uncommon among intjs ? my dad is ... not saying that thinking equates to attraction or anything but when you find out that someone has a crush on you , do you sense it and become highly uncomfortable ? or do you think about the person and ... oh my god , my parents are also unhealthy esxjs and it makes me feel a subconscious aversion towards similar types in respect to pursuing romance . i thought i was the only one . i often go for ixxjs i've never been outwardly masculine . i never dressed like a guy when i was a kid . but i guess you can say that i'm quite oblivious to gender roles . i just do what i want . i see it more as an art ... no i meant that i know enough that i don't need a ' lecture ' . i'll never know enough . the world is limitless and our capacities for knowledge will never be fulfilled . i just said that because i was ... wtf no . i was talking about an article i wrote abut nietzsche a while back . i intend to write more about nietzsche in the future . and about marx , i think i know enough about him to say that i ... wait what do you mean by probably shouldn't've posted here , you think he'll google it ? ? maybe i'll delete it later . and unfortunately , i think we'll still have to talk in the future because ... oh fuck . well , no one on this forum replied yesterday ( 2 people did but then they said that he rejected me ) so i already sent the message . i just thought , screw it , there's nothing to lose . i'm the ... lolol . i just have no knowledge of this kind of stuff and have no one to talk to about it for rational advice . '