' study agricultural science and get into farming . the alternative medicine path is probably a road to low income , there are jillions of people earning squat after massage schooling . go to temp agencies , they always have low paying opportunities ( sic ) . probably the same wages you are making now , so not much loss there . also many jobs are 40 hours . don't mention it , it makes you look like a schmuck . admitting to shortcomings in the hope that the other person will see it as self awareness is hubris , and it is certain to fail . references ... there are professional soceties in almost every field , i belong to two myself ; asm ( american society of metallurgists ) and asme ( mechanical engineers ) . you should be able to find one in your ... you have stated what you do not like , but you have omitted the most important datum , your skill set . what do you bring to the table ? that is , what skills and interest do you have , and the ... to tell the truth , i never chose my profession . i remember ( way back in the 50 ' s ) the nuns saying something like he's good at math , he should be an engineer . others said eddie's smart , he ... i only have a phone that does not connect . revenge is not something that really matters to me . i shrug off almost everything . occasionally , and this ( by my standards ) can only happen at work , an offense occurs that i consider detrimental to ... polish spoon fight https://mail.google.com/mail/?ui=2&ik=39c0b9b2ac&view=att&th=1371566238c1e000&attid=0.1&disp=safe&zw life is a struggle and the better you are , the more people want to best you . small minds and small people will do it anyway they can , which is usually from behind . the few peers you meet , usually ... the first season was very funny and i really enjoyed at getting all the inside jokes at my age of 60 . the writers have done the best job of presenting geeks on a tv show to date . all other geek ... intellectually it does not bother me , but on a deeper level it seems a bit unsettling . once or twice i tried female characters in rpg's , but the experience was short lived because i felt uneasy for ... sure seems odd to me . non-famous people are just not accustomed to signing autographs on anything other than checks or credit card receipts . one idea that seems a bit less weird would be to ... welcome to the forum . uncouth , when i awoke this morning the first thought that occurred was the advice that i posted for you last evening . obviously , my subconscious mind reviewed my activities and alerted me to an ... anyone who is willing to work and is serious about it will certainly find a job . only you must not go to the man who tells you this , for he has no job to offer and doesn't know anyone who knows of a ... uncouth , the interview look appears fine . i would still recommend that you do a little research , such as being somewhere that allows you to see a representative sampling of current employees as ... my best friend and the best leader that ever worked for told me a long time ago : everyone has to learn how to cross a river under fire . just been to the gym . they've got a new machine in . could only use it for half an hour , as i started to feel sick . it's great though ; it provides me with everything i need : kit-kats , mars ... good advice eros . actually zomby you have failed to include vital information . such as : is this a summer job before you go to college or other training ? or are you actually entering the work ... courage is being scared to death but saddling up anyway . john wayne welcome to the forum . your appearance all depends upon the job you are applying for . some jobs it won't matter one bit ; landscaping or construction worker are the first two that popped in my head . others will be ... i've been an engineer for almost 40 years now and the skill set you describe should provide access into mid-level management and potentially higher . you asked how and what you should do . how ... not at all , in fact i like myself . sure , i could be a better person in countless ways , but i still like myself and am quite content in my life . what more can anyone ask of life ? my wife has been missing for a week . when i contacted the police today they told me to prepare for the worst , so i went to the salvation army and got all her clothes back . why don't you make yourself an outfit using that tissue paper they put in gift boxes . it is available in many colors at arts and craft stores , micheals arts & crafts | michaels stores is a chain ... i regret that you are having a difficult time miss scarlet . for almost 15 years i lived in the south , tenn , ga and ky , and never encountered a single problem with my athiestic bent . most people ... your score was 69 of 100 . this puts you in the category of the high machs , people who do not belive in the goodness of the world and that because that it must be manipulated , people who ... welcome from fellow newbie and intj . caught by harlan coben amazing ! so far not a single one of us has a specific goal . i don't either . the only possible explanation that i can come up with is that i do not care very much about anything . sure i ... brinkmann grills . my burners and some other parts are rusted out and i need to get replacements . i sure would like to hit the powerball tonight . f_ _ _ you money ! ! ! as another intj , i also have the same problem . do not consider this advice expert by any means , but it is what i do to move up from totally hopeless to merely inept . always have five generic , ... 1 . intj 2 . english - 4 foreign languages - 1 3 . 5 4 . 0 5 . yes , 1 6 . 1 7 . blue the adventures of brisco county , jr . scarecrow and mrs . king dibie gillis intj the pope would term me apostate . neither athiest nor agnostic seem to fit my viewpoint , yet both sort of apply . i know what i don't believe in , and that is a kind , caring omnipotent ... this post expresses my own experiences , except better and with more emotion than i could ever muster . thank you napoleptic . when you realize the reason that you are not fabulously wealthy right after you see someone purchase something , realize that you thought of the object previously and outright rejected the concept ... i am extremely sarcastic with a dead pan delivery . my school days are so far behind me that those memories have long faded into a blur . as for trouble , that would be a yes . that different intj ... i can only speak my native english ( ny version ) with some degree of competence . i have traveled quite a bit for the job and i know how to say my one essential survival phase in at least a dozen ... i became an engineer because as a wee lad the nuns always told my parents he should become an engineer , he's good at math . it took a long time for me to realize that i never decided to go to ... i am another one in the tesla corner . this is my initial post on the forum . a few weeks ago i stumbled across an intj personality profile and thought that it was actually my own personal profile naturally , i took two mbti tests ... '