' yes , i suffer from this problem of wanting to know everything and feeling like i don't know enough . this never really goes away , however , i have come to a place in my life where i know the ... maybe it's because they know in their hearts you can't understand them . while i realize i can be wrong , but it's rare that i find good intentions alone enough . i know pretty soon after talking to ... i only feel sad when i actually bump into someone who could understand me , but for whatever reason cannot be in my life . it's sad because opportunities like that seem to happen only once every few ... i think the only thing you can say for sure is that it's easier for women to find someone to have sex with them . but sex is not the thing that women want most . most women want to find someone who ... that's a crazy rant . would you rather be the gender that has to wait around for other people to approach ? what if no one ever approach you ? you don't think there is a girl out there who has never ... it depends on if their views violate my values or not . if the views violate my values , then no . keeping in mind i have fi , and you do too , perhaps that's why you are even asking this question . i feel the exact same way you do ( including all the previous posts you made on this thread ) , and i also wonder about the same things you are wondering . the thing is , i am not sure i will ever ... every topic in life has a trick ( or a few tricks ) you need to know before you can do it . for example , i failed repeatedly at learning how to swim also ( specifically exchanging breath between ... i find it interesting that you can type people so fast , but you don't know that isfps have a reputation for not talking much . it's like infps have a reputation for not talking much until you really ... i have not noticed what you noticed , so i will speak on hypothetical . maybe these intjs ( or supposed intjs ) are just asking for opinions on something because they personally don't know what to ... i don't really view life as a competition . i am just a researcher with no aspiration of becoming the big boss . i am never really competing against other people , but i do measure my abilities ... i think sometimes people do that when they are afraid of failing . it's easier to just do stuff that you can't fail at instead of doing things you are almost guaranteed to have failure at some point ... not really . i think i am really good at ignoring things that i am not interested in and focusing on only things that interests me . i guess maybe that has something to do with being a j-type . ... welcome ! you know intj women are the unicorn of mbti types . haha that would be awesome . i sure would take up the offer . i don't know how my life would change though . haha , that is so interesting ! i have never encounter that before . perhaps it's because i don't really stand out in either direction . i can imagine that if i stand out in some way , people might ... there might be some truth to this description if the intj is relatively undeveloped , but probably not true for mature intjs . at least i personally have never been dominating . my difficulty in dating ... i like the show , and my brother , who is probably an intp , likes the show too . and my bosses like the show too ( they are probably nts ) . i guess the show contains a lot of nerd jokes that only real ... once in awhile , when i read posts i really like ( on percafe ) , i would send a friend request . the weird thing is , i do not do this consistently , in fact rarely , so it feels really inconsistent . when ... it might be because all our cognitive functions are in the same order , but opposite in direction . entp - ne , ti , fe , si intj - ni , te , fi , se we are likely to solve problems using completely ... i know what you are saying here , except intjs do this modeling on systems , while infjs do this modeling on people . that's why intjs are really good scientists and engineers , but not usually ... ni feels like my brain is unconsciously solving problem for me . it requires me to search for as much knowledge as possible , but once ni has all the pieces , it magically put them all together . ... yes , i totally agree that's what he said . but my point is that , perhaps if he has had the great fortune of having been with someone who he is absolutely in love with and vice versa ( instead of still ... i think that still sounds like you haven't had a great fulfilling love . and i did say it's great being single too . it's just that it's better when you find someone who truly loves you and vice ... it's probably not that bad . would you really rather be ... infj ... infp ... intp ... etc ... i don't think so . so life actually doesn't suck because you are an intj . perhaps life just has a ... that sounds like an * stj trait . i am not sure i really know how to explain it . i guess i can try by telling you what others seem to say about me . these are some initial impressions of me ( things people have said to me before ... i have seen statistics that show once you break it down by sexes also , intj women are the rarest type . though these statistics are all different depending on which studies you look at . infj and ... no worries . i misread stuff everyday . they are still cute nonetheless . no , i did that on purpose . the op wants to know , and i want to tell the op . i feel like so many infp threads are always about how amazingly kind and good infps are , but i don't really see it that ... my experience with fi-dom people ( infp and isfp ) is that they seem really nice . but they will eventually break my heart ( in both platonic and romantic relationships ) because i will find out that ... the problem is not sufficiently defined . if it's truly just a timing and circumstances problem in the first go around , then i don't see why you can't have a second go around if the timing and ... just keep at it . keep looking , keep networking , sign up for linkedin and the various biomedical engineering groups etc that interest you on the site , post a profile describing what your skills are ... yes i love cute animals . check out my avatar ( note the bunny is actually wearing bunny slippers ) and my profile picture . i think many intjs really do have a sweet goofy side if you can get there ... i really like this idea of cognitive vs emotional empathy . in my own mind , i have been rather discontent with the notion that f types are more empathetic . i observed and observed them , and yes ... welcome :D what the article is saying is that , when people are intelligent , they are much more aware of all the topics in this world they don't know yet , so that lead them to feeling somewhat inadequate , due to ... dunning i remember reading articles that can pretty much be summarized as stupid people don't know that they are stupid . they have difficulty evaluating which ideas are the better ones , so ... if you really know what you are talking about , then there would be two missing question marks , not one . that's because you are clearly to stupid to understand what a rhetorical question is . the reason there is no question mark is because it's not meant to be answered . is that because you are too afraid of the world knowing that you are so stupid that you have no ideas of your own and have to plagiarize other people's writing as your own . are we going to keep ... if anyone is ego-stroking , that would be you . in fact , you are apparently not smart enough to have your own ideas , so you just post other people's writings as your own . pros - it's easier to improve yourself when you know your weaknesses . you can also focus on your strengths and make them a bigger part of your life / career . cons - being complacent with your ... sometimes i wonder if maybe it's easier for nt men to settle , in the sense that , traditionally , women's role in a relationship is to cook and clean and take care of the kids . i can see men being ... thank you for that information and confirming my suspicion . i have been around the block enough to know bs when i see it . even two mature people who spend a great deal of time working on their ... while i empathize with the pain and frustration many of you feel , i also feel sad that so many of you are so down on love . i guess it's not easy finding good people , but if you can find him / her , ... i totally disagree with this post . i think you are kind of delusional . i am sure your wife is a strong woman , but she is clearly also lacking in self esteem considering she sticks around with a ... someone curious , responsible , and conscientious . someone i can be silly with and explore life with , but also has his own interests / obsessions so i can have time to work on mine too . yes , i prefer to be silly all the time , except when i have to be serious . '