' this is what i was thinking ... people in relationships actually have more sex than single people . seems these so-called betas are far and away the winners ... the thread title was clearly ... i take it to mean they saw my post and probably actually like it to a degree . i don't have people who like everything i post , so i don't think most of them like stuff just to be polite . i don't ... my mom - isfj 6w7 , probably sp / so - both loyal to those we care about deeply , but i'm less interested in people . - both adhere pretty firmly to what we believe in and will make personal sacrifices ... seems like a people pleaser and rather gabby . seems extroverted in the books too , although i admit i never read them much and it was many years ago . being dreamy and idealistic doesn't equal infp to ... book character doesn't seem infp either . it's a matter of their image not built to socially impress or at least , not most people . their image is typically one of someone who is outcast , a loner , misunderstood , rejected by the masses who ... i get frustrated with these common tendencies in fe mentality : not owning their own feelings but needing to frame them as something objectively right . making their desires and needs into some ... making calls was harder for me than accepting them , but i used to really be scared of the phone . i'd have to work up courage to make phone calls , preparing myself mentally and emotionally . i think ... i just want your extra time and your ... mwah ... mwah ... mwah ... mwah ... mwah ... kiss ! quality time and physical affection are my top two . acts of service is third . words don't mean a lot . i ... and rocking it with some red pants to boot :D aw thanks . very sweet . i particularly appreciate how you weren't remotely patronizing . no patting on the head like we're bunnies . : tongue : i think isfp as well . well i've eaten chapulines - grasshoppers from mexico . they were roasted with chili or lemon . you can just snack on them alone or put them in a salad or quesadilla . they taste like sunflower seeds in ... watched about half the season . moves slowly and is already cancelled , but it was pretty interesting in some ways . i thought the main character jean ( played by naomi watts ) is a very clear example of ... this sounds so much like me i almost question my core type ... hm , i got different results this time . i usually get infp for both actual and preferred type . and no , enfjs are not my attraction type : rolleyes : actualized type : intp ( who you are ) ... i fear getting overwhelmed with strong emotions and it can keep me from doing stuff , but it's more often related to people and social situations . i agree with others saying that sometimes it's a ... i voted fe because i clash with fjs the most in recent years . i do clash with tjs sometimes and te is a close second . nonetheless , i find i can express myself more openly unless their inferior fi ... because ? in the enneagram the passion of the 2 is pride . it's part of the trait structure that naranjo asrcibes to the two . so do i : cool : https://i.imgbox.com/LWQlM41J.jpg https://i.imgbox.com/B7rygEKK.jpg is that a pick up line ? well , people , not just men , will generally notice attractive people . women may be subtler about it . however i have read studies about pair bonding and a sign for men is that they instinctively ... i can very much relate to this , but i don't feel guilt according to other people's perceptions . i will actually feel anger if someone tries to guilt or shame me and i feel i've done my best to ... cafe latte cinnamon bun iced coffee a cake pop baked chicken carrots mashed potatoes perrier i have the opposite experience . i tend to be the dominant personality when i interact with an isfj . i can't really say much with such few details , but my guess is simply that the infp feels ... plausible but more likely enfj . enfjs mistype as introverts a lot , i notice . the most mistypings among infjs are isfjs and enfjs . 2s are so closely associated with extroversion that it's likely the ... m ( 63 % ) o ( 73 % ) h ( 90 % ) w ( 77 % ) d ( 57 % ) e ( 63 % ) primary type - haphazard im an aesthete , what can i say . i took it twice and scored vital before , which may be more accurate . i'm not so ... if she is very unhealthy , it's possibly the shadow estj side . honestly though , this isn't usually how infps go bad . not ever struggling with self esteem is ... totally unusual for even the most ... we recently had a thread that touched on this in the infp forum ... soulfully gives a wonderful description below of how the infp idealizing of a romantic partner probably pans out . i'm just quoting ... yes this is why they hate me , haha . but i have noticed that their passive aggressive fallouts only affect me if i care . and their hurt feelings face is just guilt tripping to push you back in line ... just be honest . what would you advise a friend ? this is what i would say , i don't really want to go . but you guys have fun . that's it . your response about not doing a dinner is fine . if you ... i definitely second the body keeps the score . these may not be totally relevant , as they are not about abuse , but i liked them because they weren't gimmicky , didn't reduce people to stereotypes , ... i can do that for about a weekend when i have travelled with my enfp friend , who is like a second mom to me . because the only person more disorganized and flakier than me is probably an enfp . yes , i ... iced coffee with milk grilled pork wrap with rice , onions , lettuce and bell pepper from a greek cafe 2 bowls of salad ( leafy greens , bell peppers , carrots , broccoli , balsamic dressing ) 4 ... cafe latte pork in new mexico style red chile with whole beans and a flour tortilla a mandarin orange in n out cheeseburger and fries a bowl of cherries half an onion bagel with about 1 tbsp cream cheese coffee with a splash of half n half new mexico style chili verde with chicken and veggies watermelon chunks an orange cinnamon bun ... 1 . intp - how i often test , very borderline t / f 2 . infj - i don't really relate to them as real people , but many of the descriptions suit me just as well as the inxp ones . i even think some infp ... what about the infp 5s ? i suspect 5 is as common if not more than 6 for infps ... i like your 9 write-up . i think some 9s mistype as 4 because their type is not given the complexity and depth of ... born the end of 83 . i have memories starting in 1986 or so . i hardly remember a full year more than a few years ago ... stuff feels very hazy . i have to really stop and think about what happened when ... maybe i'm getting old , but it all seems the same since about 2005 . i agree with those saying that early 90s and late 90s were very different , but the past 15 years or so have felt very stagnant ... i basically consider ti a mentality that focuses on forming and refining a technical construct of how things work or what they are . for istps , this tends to be more about literal mechanical systems ... isfp hard to tell if t or f preference since fi doesn't look like most people's concept of feeling much of the time . sounds like more of the isfp in the background style than chart the course style ... dante scioli i agree that my description sounds like an enfj and that's even what i get on those ideal partner type quizzes , but in reality ... nope . i have an enfj e2w3 pursuing me right now and ... lord pixel based on that first paragraph - go get yourself an istj lady ! : wink : i'm a little worried now ... : unsure : yes , i do prayer and meditation everyday . i do spontaneous praying throughout the day , but i also set aside time every night for more deliberate prayer and meditation . i also read scripture ( meaning ... it gave me cao dai . not accurate and very illogical chart . for one , i got to that result by noting i don't believe in an afterlife , and then the answer key says this religion is about rejoining god ... the essence of the dynamic i want is : us against the world kind of loyalty / unity bonding at the root synchronicity collaboration creation protects my feelings mutual healing the some ecards stopped being funny nearly a decade ago , once people started generating them for themselves and it just sounds like complaining and not anything clever or even shock humor . yes , they use the word arrogant . it's in another language , but the best translation is arrogant . i would say he comes across as sure of himself and determined , not superior . i see the ... '