something interesting i discovered when i was transitioning from vegetarian to vegan is that a lot of milk alternatives are actually higher in calcium than regular milk ( soy milk in particular is ... i've always seemed to click better with females . they give off a softer and more inviting energy most of the time and generally seem more open-minded than other males do . with males , it's harder for ... i've taken this test plenty of times before , but it surprisingly wasn't accurate at all this time . i think a big part of that is because i've mellowed out a bit over time and become a more grounded ... i'm glad to see this thread bumped up ! it's been almost two years since i created this system , so i wouldn't say i agree with 100 % of it anymore ( for instance , i see myself as more hufflepuff than ... 1 . infp 2 . i would rather please myself , but i often find myself doing the opposite . 3 . i want to live a life that is true to who i am , because when it comes down to it , i do want to live my life ... i used to think i was a ravenclaw , but i've found myself identifying a lot more with hufflepuff lately . i think at my core , i'm more of a gryffindor , but that doesn't really manifest on the outside ... using the checklist , i scored highest on scholar (8 ) and tied for second on artisan , priest , and king ( 5 ) . i would say that this makes sense after looking at the profiles . i got true neutral . i've taken this test before , but i'm not really a huge fan of it because it doesn't score on a gradient . for example , here were my results : law & chaos : law - - - xxx ... but why couldn't an infp's goal in life be to pursue wealth ? fi's focus lies in the creation and upholding of a unique set of subjective values . fi is not an inherently selfless function , nor are all ... authenticity is definitely something i strive for , and it is extremely important for me to live a life that's in alignment with my core beliefs and what i want for myself . at the same time , i often ... this could be an unpopular opinion , but movies don't do all that much for me . i enjoy them sometimes , but unless they're part of a larger series , they typically don't provide me with the character ... i would lean towards josh being an fe dominant type , and i don't really see any evidence of intuition . esfj would be my guess , possibly isfj . as for colleen , she's a lot less sensitive than josh , but ... my thoughts : newt - infp jacob - esfj tina - istj queenie - enfp president - estj grindelwald - entj ( although i could potentially buy enfj ) . i would say i fall somewhere within the 15-20 range . i don't abhor socialization , but being alone is typically a lot more refreshing for me ( unless i'm in an environment where i feel really ... i would say ... infp ( isfj ) the if infp looking back at these , i sort of agree , but this post was also from a year and a half ago , so ... barry is definitely a strong fi type , while both iris and joe are definitely strong fe types . barry ... same exact result for me , although i'd probably reverse the order ( that is , if the order isn't random ) . right now , i'm 20 . whether or not i look my age depends on whether i grow out facial hair . when i do , i'd say i look about my age . when i shave , i could probably pass for 16 . i think a lot of us feel this was because the world wasn't really built for us . our society is very es / ej oriented , so it's natural we'd be misfits to some degree . additionally , as infps , our ... same result . the description fits , but i think the test is flawed . someone who's cautious and inhibited isn't automatically going to be an ixxj type . the i / e questions were especially flawed since ... 1 ) what kind of life do you want to live ? i want a life of happiness and fulfillment where i'm maximizing my potential and helping others grow as well . i want to go at my own pace , live a peaceful ... how so ? both the official quiz and an unofficial one on buzzfeed ( i think ) sorted me into horned serpent , while the above quiz sorted me into pukwudgie . from what i've read , both descriptions are decently ... father : istj mother : esfj younger sister : enfp what's interesting about my family is that not only are we all on the ne / si axis , but the older we are , the more prominent si is in our stackings ... your scores 7 genuinely repent 6 accept responsibility i'm not sure why you interpreted my comment as an attack - it was only meant to be an observation , and it wasn't entirely directed at you at all . regardless , you do seem to fit the house well based ... i've always found it a bit curious that so many infps claim to be slytherins . granted , any type can fit any house , but from my understanding of slytherin house , many of its core traits appear to be ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eaj-V2KIxRk * my 1,000 th post ! i got green / white , but i think green / blue or green / red would be a better fit . kiss - entj marry - esfp bed - istp enfp , estp , isfj i was leaning towards an estj typing myself , but i agree with this . more information is needed before i can really put forth a good answer . 31/36 . i wish they would've revealed the correct answers , at least - i'm curious to see which ones i missed . third time's the charm ? gender : undetermined age : 14-24 intelligence : gifted openness : conservative mbti personality profile : intp closest alternative we found : intj i will say , it was ... i'm an aries , my result was ... http://www2.pictures.zimbio.com/mp/Tqn1bdBgtqzl.jpg fe - inclusive fi - passionate ne - inquisitive ni - precise se - impulsive si - cautious te - orderly ti - discerning red pill , almost definitely . longevity means very little to me if i can't make the most of my life . even if longevity was more important to me than happiness , if i took the blue pill , my health would ... hm , the accuracy isn't a whole lot better than it was the first time . it failed to get my gender right , even though it was slightly closer as far as mbti type goes . gender : undetermined age : ... oh wow , this thread is an oldie . i wouldn't say it's as much an intuitive thing as it is an fi thing . strong fi typically abides by its own values regardless of the social climate . but you also ... my username is actually a conglomeration of all the parts of my real name . i took the last three letters of my first name , middle name , and last name , and combined them into one username . to be ... april 16th . i just turned 20 . gender : male age : 14-24 intelligence : superior openness : early-adopter mbti personality profile : entj closest alternative we found : entp i've never gotten into a fight before , but when i was a kid , i would very occasionally lash out against people who i thought were being unnecessarily mean . for example , when i was in second grade , i ... what specifically would you like to know ? i could write about myself for a long time , but i want to know what you'd like to know in order to understand us better . xntp ? i'd probably guess entp over intp from the few posts i can recall of yours . i like both , but the fuzzy texture of peaches isn't a sensation i particularly enjoy ( although the flavorful insides more than make up for it ) . i do prefer nectarines , though , especially the white ... machiavellian test results : 61/100 dark triad test results : - narcissism : 1.2 ( 6th percentile ) - machiavellianism : 1.8 ( 15th percentile ) - psychopathy : . 9 ( 3rd percentile ) extp for sure , but i'm leaning more towards estp than entp . , which of these two types would you say you relate to more ( and why ) ? based on how you answered these questions , i see you as most likely an enfj or esfj . how well do you relate to these two types ? i'd suggest to look up background information ( i . e . personality ... yeah , i wouldn't fully trust that test ( or any test , for that matter ) . it gave me infj the last time i took it , and functionally , infjs and infps have very little in common . , here are ... i could believe isfj from what i've seen . you definitely seem like a feeling type over a thinking type at least , and all the times you've changed types could possibly indicate fe / ne .