' thanks for the reply ! anyways , i can really recognise myself in fe as in wanting to be accepted and adapting to meet people's needs , but i'm not very helpful or socially active , that's why i'm not ... woah , i didn't fill this thing for nothing did i ? dad : intp mom : isfj brother : isfj me : inxp i can go along with my dad better than with my mom . esxp https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=updoMIHMBbU reading all your stories has been a very interesting experience ! for me , it was two years back , when i first joined tumblr and everyone had their type in their blog's bio , so i decided to take a ... 1 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... interesting ! i think i'd be a type 1 and 4 , but can also relate to 3 and 5 . tumblr is a lot of unhealthy fi , yup . i'm also quite sure the different types of blogs have different mbti , but ever since i don't know a lot about other sections than fandoms , i won't judge . about ... i'm an ectomorph too . 5 ' 10 and 125 lbs / 1 meter 78 and 57 kilograms . infj ( mom ) + intp ( dad ) = infp ( brother ) + istj ( me ) i feel kind of divergent in my family , hehe . i don't hate a certain mbti type , but in general i can't get along with estjs very well ... they're a lot like me , causing some sort of battle between our te / si to evolve . they usually win this ... 1 . isfj / istj 2 . enfp / esfp 3 . infp / infj 4 . esfj / enfj 5 . estp / entp 6 . infp / isfp 7 . esfj / isfj aps are extra courses , aren't they ? aps don't exist here , but when i was in high school , i had extra courses in english , music , biology and globalisation . this is exactly where i got stuck analyzing myself . i personally don't think i'm enfp , because i can't relate to inferior si . i remember a lot , really . all ideas i save in my head , i remember . i ... woogiefox , thanks for your reply ! what is bothering me most is that if i'm on the te-fi axis and a si-dom , my te is auxiliary . i don't think it is that strong , is it ? i took the first test : ideal type - entj , real type - isfj i've taken the second one before , i believe i scored : real istj , preferred enfj , attracted entp . i believe my functions to be : si > fi > ne > ti > fe > te > ni > se is this possible ? or do i just not know myself ? it obviously doesn't match a type , maybe istj or infp , but i can't figure it out ... i also guess intp , because of the same reasons as the user above me :) * bump * istj don't waste your time or time will waste you do whatever you want , people are going to judge you anyways . yeah , they're weird ... but chris is almost never in interviews because he's the shy one ... makes me think he's introverted , but that can also just be a stereotype ... ghostshadow yeah , i agree with matt as infp , i have had some serious doubt between intp and infp before making this thread . what makes you think chris is an enfj ? which type do you think muse are ? here are my best guesses : matt : intp chris : istp dom : esfp hi everyone ! so , it's me ( again ... ) , xforgottenone , and i am making this final thread to find my type . i decided to fill the scenario questionnaire , because i've seen the regular ones too many times ... i have a lot of different ones : at college ( in class ): intj at college ( not in class ): infj at college ( with best friends ): enfp meeting new people : isfj in ' professional ' settings : estj i think that this might be a little true , but that everyone is different and you can fall in love with any type . also , people probably mistype their partner a lot , if they don't use cognitive ... i kinda like the music , especially when it becomes a bit more upbeat after approx 2:30 . i don't really like the voice and the lyrics ... okay , what should i put in here ? muse ? no , that's too ... i will lie when i don't trust someone , when i want to make sure i'm safe . i guess that's not uncommon for a six . xforgottenone , i think i'm an introvert . tyranamiros , i blame myself a lot , even when there's really nothing i can be blamed for ... - _ - istp . i'm not sure if you're fe / ti , te / fi can also be possible , so you're xsxj or xnxp . because your ne and te don't come across as very strong , i'd remove estj , entp and enfp from the list . that leaves ... thanks pinina ! i can relate to most aspects of the isfj personality , except that i'm not that reluctant to change and caring , but i guess everyone is different ^ ^ . do you know anyone who might ... no one ? i don't know my type , probably intx , i love alternative / progressive rock ^ ^ so , hi ! every time i take a mbti test , i get a different result , so when i bumped into this forum i figured i wanted to give this a try . 1 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer ... would there be a correlation between your mbti type and the music you like ? istj - chemical and physical biology undergrad . hmm ... interesting . i don't think the naming system is bad , because the fourth letter defines the way you deal with the world , and ixxjs use j rather than p , but i should think about this ... i'll ... i wouldn't say exxj for the netherlands , we're often seen as a very cold and impersonal country . i'd say we're ixtp , but not sure though . i also see a lot of fi in your answers , and quite some si , so i'd say infp too , but i'm not completely certain . i'll keep following this thread , just in case i come up with something to find out your ... i think this is possible , definitely with social phobia . try focusing on the people who you can be around without experiencing social phobia signs ? do you also find it exhausting to be with them ? dads dad : istp 7w8 dads mom : died before i was born , so i don't know . dad : intp 5w6 moms dad : intp 5w4 moms mom : enfj 2w1 mom : infj 9w1 brother : infp 9w8 me : istj 6w5 my dads dad died too , ... i'm sure there are work books available , like high school methods but meant for people who want to learn a language in their spare time ? if you want to focus on vocabulary more , try using a program ... www.youtube.com/watch?v=iN8PKcNGcuI video doesn't work ? ... my dad is definitely a 5 , probably with a 6 wing , but not that strong . he acts like a typical type 5 , he is quite often withdrawn from the rest of the family and he gathers a lot of knowledge . i ... istj here : why ? how does this work ? how can i improve this ? why are you doing it like that ? it's not efficient what did i do the previous time i got in this kind of situation ? my best friend always tried to pull me out of my comfort zone , haha . yeah , of course your mbti and enneagram have some kind of correlation . i'm a type 6 , probably most common in xsfjs , but i think that my tritype ( 136 ) is a lot more common to be istj . yup , a lot of people judge by stereotypes . image what happens when you tell people you're istj ... that's why i usually tell people who don't know a lot about mbti that i don't know my type , haha . for me , mirrors don't work out . at all . i tend to strongly dislike estjs , probably because i really value my independence and because i'm not used to dealing with another person who has got strong si ... '