' nice way to call out a person :) :) no , i don't know , guitar seems stylish me to ... people older than me expects me to be obedient to them or try to convince me that i am doing something wrong if i am not living a normal life . and using enneacard test i got type 5 : cool : but iam typed differently in enneagram in different websites , first 4 , then 9 , then 7 it's less consistent for me . i don't think we can change the poll options . i read the book , it's a good read and now i am reading his second book ( intp's quest ) ya the interval's , i was going for 5 options , and 20 to 40 didn't seem relevant . i was wondering , if you would approximately guess a number of how much percentage of your personality can be described by your mbti personality type ? it's kind of a must watch movie , the film is very good yaa i know it seems mechanical , but inside if they are living true to their self they will satisfied , so i think personality test should be give more priority in people's life , there are a lot of ... . but classification of people is done on a daily basis , based on money , color , body type , influence on authority , so adding one more classification cannot ( may not ) make it worse , it's based on how ... since he is an intp , it can give an extra something to the book what's the best books to read for a starter in mbti ? i am currently reading intp by a j drenth i am currently reading intp by drenth , and i think it's good , but i don't have a context because i am comparatively new to mbti itself , are there more books i should go through ? i also had strong negative emotions ( like depression , anger ) before , but nowadays i am mostly like a rock , oh no what am i trying to do ? why are intp's in pragmatist ? they are logical not practical ? ( by mbti defintions ) intp's are on or off that's pretty accurate for me we need more yes votes otherwise the no becomes the authority , we are rebels right all the personalities should be treated with equal respect ( that's harmony i guess ) :) i am considering neuroscience as a career path ( because of my interest in psychology and stuff ) it wouldn't have to be ideal it's that they should know each other on a very deep level . very insightful . using more systems to know more about yourself i think this is what i intended to say through the question :) thanks guys for making it clear . at least that's what the community should be aiming for :) i mean for self understanding and mutual understanding i was not aware of that , but to my knowledge it's supposed to be a constant ( since our brain's are wired like that ) , and i am not saying that mbti should be the ultimate soution ( although that's what ... this is a what if scenario , not it should scenario your identity = intp ( 70 % ) + more ( 30 % ) 70 % is not a constant i just made it up , what will the proportions be ... :) intp's are best understood by intp ( or some one who deeply studied intp ) or since we are logical everybody could understand us i hope in the future we could come up with something accurate . but still there will be conterversies ya the world ( including me ) already discriminates people using different lens ( like money , power ) . let's add this i think this addition will be for the better . i think that's the right step forward what about money , political influence , status quo ? the world divides people a lot more ways so what could be an alternative ? can mbti develope to be a better system ( like including more letter's ) yeah discrimination is a possible scenario yeah i think chaos is good to , but why would their kid's be serial killers : shocked : ( yeah randomness ) i also don't do my laundry :p roud : that's funny ohh i haven't thought of it that way .. but i think the mbti system worked very well for me , so i thought what if it worked the magic for everyone .. imagine what if our whole world adopted mbti as the most accurate way of determining a personality ? and all the sectors of work and leisure accepted this as the norm . all the individuals chose their ... currently reading this book , it gives a very detail look about the personality well i think empirical data can be obtained through experimentation with some samples . although i have taken only a handful of different personality tests , from that i found the mbti as most accurate ... it's pretty cool . :) why do some people in the scientific community consider mbti as scientifically inaccurate ? why is it gaining conterversies ? does anybody have a habit of walking in their room , and thinking about stuff and getting excited or energetic ? is it common ? which personality type like a lot of physical possesions ? which they think they will use , but don't use . '