' the isfps i know are charming , reflective people . they have a soul . it would have been interesting to see how it continued to evolve . nt . i could relate to most of those . the mysticism aspect i think relates to ne . i've come to realize that it's a creative endeavor in some ways . jude in jude the obscure is probably infp . it's an interesting story in that he seems to meet a woman from each of the four main mbti clubs : nt , sf , nf , st . the st woman looks down on him as a ... just going by my own experience , i vote intp . i don't really enjoy doing or talking about the things most people do . i'd most likely choose the side of darkness , but not because i'm evil . i think concepts like morality and empathy can only be strongly felt in the presence of the darkness , and sometimes it's our ... it's no secret that intps aren't exactly renowned for their loving and empathetic natures , so i've created this thread as a serious attempt for us to practice our wilted fe and show love and empathy ... the sultry isfj for the win . don't underestimate their fashionable si and tenacious fe . i'm technically not allowed in here , but i had a female friend in college who tested as an entp in an mbti class . we worked on a number of class projects together . i found her combination of ... i sometimes like sports in a casual sense . i used to be a wrestler , enjoyed the adrenaline rush of it . that said , i'm not one who is generally interested in keeping up with sports , though . i don't ... one way to think of borderline results is to see them as your level of confidence . if you straddle the line , it means you aren't really that confident about which side of the dichotomy you fall on . i feel best when i'm balanced between all of the emotions so they seem to basically cancel themselves out . i think trying to be ultra-positive is as dumb and unhealthy as always being ... don't waste your love and time on ingrates . interesting test . i scored intj . you might want to look at the answer options again on question #11 . you accidently made most of them disagree . i hate the panspermia theory because it dodges the question of how life could start in the first place . panspermia doesn't really address how inanimate molecules could come together under certain ... it depends . if i think their intentions are good , and they aren't trying to get something out of me , i have no problem being friendly in return . some of my most memorable conversations are actually ... can you avoid being around them ? if you don't see them for awhile , they'll fade from your memory . don't be afraid to tell your nt friend that you need to discuss something and that you only want to discuss it in a certain way . if you don't want them just coming up with solutions , or whatever , ... 29/80 . the test seems biased against perceivers . it asks a lot of questions like do you change hobbies frequently ? . i'm not really certain why factors like that impact someone's ability to ... anti-villain - tv tropes tank man , the german soldier who was shot alongside the jews he refused to execute , andrei sakharov , nikola tesla , albert einstein , sergei korolev , and a few others who aren't coming immediately to ... i like to have quasi-friends , people i can hang out with every now and then but don't really butt into my life that often . they're the kind of friends you can call up after having not seen them for ... my very first result on the mbti was intj , so i guess i'll answer that i like fields such as geology and soil sciences . they're my specialities , and i like being able to apply what i know to solving ... i've definitely been in situations where i'll continually argue for or against something until someone else checks out . it usually happens when they come at me from a place of arrogance and ... to me , it's a sign the relationship is over and it's time to leave . i've only seen bits and pieces of that show , but i can see entp for one of those two women ( i don't know which is which ) . socionics says esfj and entp are in the same quadra , it's something ... i think i felt something when the delorean got smashed by a train at the end of back to the future 3 . thomas jefferson seemed infjish in a lot of ways . i think i can get hooked into them if there's some sort of underdog character that has a compelling reason for acting in a dramatic fashion . arya stark in game of thrones is a type of character i ... i've also had that happen . i don't know why that occurs , but i guess it's better than them hating you . my infj gf seemed to play the sims simply as an exercise to torture her minions as badly as possible . i think that game was written to bring out the nf darkside . i suspect our technology will eventually do us in . somewhere down the line , artificial intelligence will eventually far surpass anything a human is capable of doing . we could become extinct by ... i like f-types . i somehow feed on their enthusiasm and zest for things or seeing their darker sides . i always sense something is missing if i'm around someone who is very logical and unemotional ; i ... how come intps never get threads like this ? how come nobody loves us ? i loved reading this and think you should keep doing what you're doing . it's nice when you can be genuine with someone and you allowed him that . just be careful not to come across like you pity him . definitely a feeler type , someone who deals well with people who can repair some of my social blunders with certain people . maybe an esfj or enfj . i feel like the op was lifted straight out of my mind . couldn't agree more . there really doesn't seem like there is much love in love anymore . one of the drawbacks to living in a ... 1 . my biggest challenge has always been motivating myself to be a part of the rat race . i hate all of the networking , having to keep up business relationships , all of the management fads and ... if you live in the usa , the law market isn't so hot . you might want to look at sites like third tier reality and other critical sources before taking the student loan plunge . just go for it . morals are for the 19th century . male inxx big picture person : your career personality type is the big picture person . you likes conceptualizing a project and enjoy debating with others . you get your best ideas when you have someone to ... probably the best thing you can do is get checked out by a doctor and talk to them about your fears . that type of anxiety isn't uncommon and can be helped . try to avoid googling every little ... ask yourself what it is you want to do with your life and then plan accordingly . having a degree doesn't mean much by itself anymore , and quite honestly , if being educated in a subject is all that ... i think you might be an intj with a strong possibility of being infj . ni won't appear very feely-like in any case . you write a lot about the quality and nature of your relationships , those with ... intj more and more , i hear people in my life talking about songs that make them cry . maybe i'm just soulless , but i've never cried because of a song . i guess it makes sense , though , for people to shed ... i usually just sit around and don't say anything unless something truly interesting pops up . i just count down the seconds until i can leave since i have almost nothing in common with my relatives . there's definitely an inner-isfj that lurks within me , but it doesn't know how to really express itself but wants to . i have estranged sisters i tried contacting , but i think i actually drove them ... i agree with the op in a lot of ways . k - 12 is a fucking joke . '