' haha i was actually a bit worried that he had but i highly doubt it . i definitely did sign out from my work computer hehe . xd improving seo is definitely something i've been thinking about doing . two of my current projects are updating the websites to bring them into the 21st century . i think once that has been done , i am ... wow , i almost feel like my boss read my mind today because suddenly i'm drowning in tasks . now i'm not sure which is better ahhh . i probably could do this ... i've just had bad experiences of doing this before at previous workplaces . i've got to finish university this year , then i will definitely move on . the hours / pay suit me pretty well at the moment , i just wish i could be more productive ! this . my dad is s and he will ask me something like there is more crime today because of drugs , right ? so i go into the plethora of socio-economic issues that cause crime . i soon see his mind ... i run out of things to do at work every single day by around 1pm . i am a sales / marketing assistant for a food distribution company that supplies cafes and grocery stores . here is an example ... this was an extremely helpful bit of advice - thanks ! you're right that that is a very difficult idea for old intp me to wrap my head around . i really cannot accept it but as you say live and let ... never will i understand how an x-ntp could be a theistic creationist xd i had a blow up with my mother ( tested isfj but i'm convinced she's actually esfj ) regarding evolution . for an x-sfp she is quite analytical but that damn f really gets in the way of our ... she did pay over the year , but it was never regular , on time payments except for two consecutive months . she would always be three or four months late and pay a lump sum ... then only get herself in ... well firstly , my exact words weren't ' failure as a human being ' , but that's what i was insinuating . she flakes out of every single thing she does in life , so she is a bit of a failure haha . you ... hahahha ah i feel your pain . if someone makes me do maths on the spot , i seriously almost have a minor panic attack . i remember in primary school our teacher would sometimes randomly pick students to ... hahaha i don't think i could ever even get myself into the situation where i would need to go to court due to this problem ! this is an unfortunate truth - but to my mind , i don't think it's ... she hasn't returned home for four days now , so i imagine she is pretty terrified haha . i've more or less decided i no longer want to continue the friendship , at least not anywhere near the same ... she's been looking for work but that mainly means sleeping through interviews . D: you bet i know that now ! my next housemate is going to be a 30 year old professional who works two jobs haha . life has been pretty hectic this week . my grandmother is really ill , has almost completely lost the plot and has been in hospital for the past week . while this happened , i found out at the same ... if only it were that simple ! i'm a very guilty person ! i think it has something to do with being reprimanded so much as a child for offending people by my brutal honesty hahaha . you may have seen my post from a few weeks ago about a dodgy housemate who never pays any rent etc . last night i finally found the right moment to give her an ultimatum ( pay up or get out ) and ... so i finally did it ! yesterday just before i was about to go out for the night , i told her that my dad ( landlord ) is coming around to help me build some decking in the back yard . this obviously hit ... thanks for all your great answers friends ! :) i recently realised that as well as being exhausted after work , my desk job has made me put on a fair bit of weight . i used to work as a waiter so i ... thanks guys . i have been looking at a few resources on the web and most sites have suggested meditation , working on creative pursuits away from home and doing exercise , just as you all have . wokring ... you see , i have suddenly hit creative heights . all day at work , i am distracted by ideas for writing , thinking about books i'm reading , coding , painting and everything in between ... it has got so bad ... does any one around here think that perhaps ghosts could actually be crossovers from parallel universes or something ? i don't really know enough about all of that stuff ... but it seems much more ... i completely agree . i feel like most humans are wired to have some sort of belief system as a coping mechanism . most people cant handle the cold hard truth like us intps xd . perhaps this ... hmmm did you know that hampsters and humans are the only mammals that can't produce their own vitamin c ? and now we share a spirit world together ... interesting ... interesting ... oh man , i ... hahhaha and did it work ? too poor for 3 meals a day until pay day tomorrow . fml . hahaha . haha i remember this happening to me too when i was little . the australian bush is a creepy , creepy place and it didn't help reading aboriginal stories about spirits living in the trees . [ quote = metasentient ; 14240202 ] hm , but i'm not sure if it's so much abstraction as it is just working within the constraints of some fixed set of syntax / semantics , or a certain set of rules . which is ... i have always had exactly the same problem ... but i have a theory . foreign language acquisition does require considerable abstract thinking abilities . you must be able to understand unfamiliar ... i think anything based on some sort of system - learning foreign languages , programming code , music - anything like that ! as rationalists , i'm wondering what intps think about paranormal affairs - particularly the possibility of the existence of ghosts . i was having a conversation about ghosts with an enfp friend ... this is precisely why i try and learn as many instruments as possible . hahaha maybe i should install a pa and say get out in a satanic voice while i somehow make the walls bleed . does this mean intps aren't human ... because i wouldn't mind that so much and it would explain a lot . this is such a great skill to have and something than intps should really cherish . i agree . perhaps there are things like calculus that don't have much real world application , but i always felt i would understand maths a lot better if it were taught more like science - having both ... i do really like linguistics . i like to spend my spare time doing indo-european language mapping haha . hey , i'm australian ! i've seen like one bear ever . <quote> absolute hogwash about the maths , the pedestal that mathematics is being placed on in modern eduction is beyond retarded . the reality of it all is that maths was the high-level language of ... yes ... that is precisely why i didn't do architecture . in terms of it not being easier for certain people , i don't think it's as simple as that . everyone has their individual talents ... and fun ... yes . i've almost finished an arts degree ( creative writing and media communication ) . loved the creative writing major ... not so much media com . i am going to study banjo next year and then do ... i am an intp and i have noticed many intps are most suited or working / studying in something maths related . i am so incredibly bad at maths it's almost a joke . i am a frustrated architect but was put ... as i think more about it , i'm pretty sure my mother is esfj as well . i know exactly what you mean haha . i sometimes find it difficult to spend much time with her as she is constantly gossiping . she ... since when am i sleeping with her ? haha sounds like you were in a very similar situation to me . now just to work up the courage to do it ! the most * trouble * dealing with is what i guess you meant to say there ? pretty much ! :) it's really making me feel pretty sad . i never seem to be able to make nice normal friends haha . i have a theory though : i think in the past she has seen herself as in a position of power ... '