' i thought it would be good to have a thread with videos of stereotypical istps . i don't know about anyone else , but sometimes i get a real kick out of watching cool istps , like its an example that we ... the only way the relationship is going to change ( well , theres probaly more ways .. but yeah ) is if you start doing what you love to do , become independent and essentially prove that you can survive ... i'd go for b . i think its worth the gamble to get everyone through . at least everyone is treated equally . how could you tell the relatives of the 400 people you let die that they will be killed ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mAlzPgXb6rE https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=LU-ynRoqDEs fuck it , i've been in infj mode on and off for pretty much the last 2 years . the anxiety of that when i go full on istp i'll end up doing stupid / rude shit keeps me staying hyper-alert to how all of ... if you want a thoughtful ( and incredibly visually impressive ) way to spend an hour , watch this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xLaGAdjFc8 damn , i'm glad i'm istp ! being infj sounds complicated ! i see the bridge lighting first . i think the contrast between light and dark looks amazing . then i notice the bridge itself which is ... i'm in the assessment stages of becoming an air traffic controller and so far it seems pretty good . its all about quick thinking and spacial awareness . just wondered if anyone has any experience of ... i have a bit of a tendency to get angry when i feel weak ( i . e . when i'm scared , shy , unsure etc ) . i think i'm basically being angry at myself , but i end up giving off bad vibes and people think they ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GnFweDa4WOo tell him things straight up , but still be gentle and positive ( just so he doesn't end up retreating into the safety of his own head too much after the break up ) if its specific things that piss ... made this one last year .. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GoKTRyOTKvM not quite in keeping with all the heavy metal , but loving this at the moment http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cGSwUojuxyw i think you said it , just do stuff . and make a conscious effort , when you find yourself getting introspective , to distract yourself by looking at something else and moving your eyes around a bit ... i've gone a bit soft recently so now i have this tendency to conjure up romantic scenes , or emotionally powerful moments with me in them . the worst thing is that its like i'm practising what i can ... dude , you're a young istp , enough with the ' intellectual ' conversation . you're in a bar , not a classroom . play to your istp strengths ... just shut the fuck up , ask her questions that get her ... i like my ability to be competent at doing general stuff as well as my ability to see through all the social / emotional bullshit and call a spade a spade . i've never seen curb your enthusiasm before so i don't know how it is in general , but someone showed me this the other day which really had me laughing . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dg1QWKrWn5o for the record , from old posts i've read i don't think you are entj , i think you are more istp but just not at ' ease ' and maybe forcing yourself to be heard . i used to think i was entp because in my ... get moving and do stuff . go to new places , meet new people , put yourself in new situations . depends what you are thinking about too . i had to disregard my worries as being illogical and irrational ... wouldn't mind a stint in sao paulo . just violent and hectic enough to keep it exciting . new york , vancouver , berlin too . maybe i'm being stupid , but why don't you start making your ' cover ' more reflective of who you actually are ? i used to not care about my future . i just assumed that everything would work out fine . however , as i've got older i've started to worry more about security and whether i will have a good paying ... i'm an istp and am pissed off . why can't i not always have this grumpy , angry , intimidating facial expression , even with people i'd like to get to know better ? ! be interested in them and try to find out meaningful stuff about them . stay as a cool and detached istp though and don't get too needy . don't be a clown . thats true too . i guess it depends on the context . if someone is telling a story about some of us or something then he / she would be normal because it would be weird to always refer to your name , but ... if i'm in a group of people and someone says he said * whatever * , referring to me like i'm just some random object , then yeah , i get pissed off . at least show the respect to use my name if i'm close . if i do then i don't realise . i just get agitated or angry or whatever without really realising . if someone asks me a question that is based on them genuinely wanting to understand an opinion of ... i can't imagine seoul being too great a location for an istp . am i right in thinking that koreans and seoulites in general are rather conformative , meaning that an istp might feel restrained and ... start following your impulses . when you think of something that would be a good idea related to the project you are on or whatever , step up and say what you are thinking and see how others respond ... to be honest , i think you are being a bit unreasonable in never seeing them . for him , you meeting his friends is important and part of what he wants out of the relationship . if he got annoyed ... get a motorbike if you can afford one . they are amazingly good fun . i'm lucky to have some nice roads near my place too . just imagine hooning along here through the hills . ... i had a job at ibm paying good money but i got sick of computing and quit to go off and travel the world a bit and go back to uni . now i am sat here skint wondering where the hell i'm going to go ... i used to be 90 % out of my head , but one day i switched and now it seems like the complete opposite . pretty crappy really because living the moment is so much more enjoyable . also , i doubt you're ... i am an istp and i am bored shitless bingo . the worst thing someone can do to try and get me , for example , out of a mood is to try and make inane conversation . try just sitting near him , but without focussing on him or silently ... when i use ni too much i get scared . i don't know about other istps , but i start to imagine negative things and i feel numb , like i am looking out at the world from a distance rather than interacting ... either a pirate or one of those explorers from the 18th century discovering africa and stuff i'm pretty tall and skinny for an istp it seems , but still quite muscley and ' tough ' - think dr house . i just can't get fat even if i eat loads ( which incidentally i don't ) in africa . was in a bad mood , but couldn't help smiling http://a2.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-ash3/8729_531983326630_263900017_1820957_2103531_n.jpg ... do you not think though that if he looked at someone like that and then his eyes softened slightly and he smiled ever so slightly in a non-slimy way then it would come across as charming , or at least ... with the mum thing , just tell her you love her and keep her happy . anyway , the fact that you care enough to not want to hurt her feelings shows some sign of love at least so you wouldn't be lying . i get excited telling stories of exciting situations i've been in . my hands come out , my face gets full of movement and my voice gets full of expression and drama . nothing quite like having a group ... has any one else been raised by an esfj mum ? i ask because i have this tendency to always smile when speaking with others to make everyone feel at ease and stuff and it was only recently that i ... i don't know about anyone else , but i often find myself just drifting off which makes me wonder if i'm istp because i have this idea that istps are always in the moment and focussed . does this ... i used to smoke , but it turned me into a total waste of space , so i stopped i love electronic music mainly as well as some indie stuff . some other people said that a song needs good lyrics , but they don't really bother me - its all about the beat and rhythm and melody ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkEuiNsISKQ totally with you . i was always pushed by my parents to be more social and ended up being a bit of a fool ( a socialable one though .. ) . i waffle on about nothing , and say stuff just for the sake of ... i tend to be ok with small talk , but only as long as it is about ' stuff ' . i can't be bothered with learning about another person , or hearing their life story and don't really want to talk about that ... '