' thank you . :) you are quite lovely yourself . after browsing through this thread , i have noticed there is a certain intense appearance to everyone's eyes that looks startlingly alike . i cannot ... to clarify , i don't like to smile and show my teeth because i used to have braces and i still have the funny-looking braces smile , which makes me think i resemble an animal baring its teeth . i ... you know you're an intj when you can finish others ' statements for them with amazing accuracy . ( i'm not entirely sure if that pertains to intjs or if it is just a part of being intuitive ... ) this looks amusing . :) here is a semi-recent photo of me with a weird facial expression ... you know you're an intuitive ...  ... when you decide to kill some time while waiting for your housemates , who are already late ( they probably got lost again ) , to get home and you decide to pop in a ... you know you're an intj ...  ... when you do show an emotion on your face and someone takes notice by stating , you are irritated , and you tell them you aren't ... until you think about it a few ... the most stubborn kitten , ever . : crazy : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=70wuAWxOEZA http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mHXBL6bzAR4 you know you're an intj ...  ... when you were first starting school , you couldn't wait to go to the library because you wanted to read more books about your favorite science subjects only to be ... i do not particularly crave attention . i expect people ( mostly those who are close to me ) to listen to the ideas i have deemed important and to not interrupt me when i am explaining or about to ... you know you're an intj ...  ... when you were in kindergarten and the teacher assigned the class to draw a bear , and all of the children draw cute , smiley bears ... except for you . when the other ... thank you . i am still trying to make sense of how my brain works and applying it to the cognitive functions . i've been taking in so much information from here that i haven't had enough time to go ... hello , i have really enjoyed the boards thus far and i am still trying to grasp at the sheer amount of information here . i've been enjoying myself so much that i've considered inviting my ... lol i apologize if i offended you . that was not my intention . thank you very much . your explanations of ni / ne and fi / fe were very clear and easy to comprehend . : happy : i now have some questions concerning fi / fe : when people ( particularly those close to ... i know quite few very bright ss and fs , so those are just awful stereotypes . intelligence has nothing to do with being a sensor or feeler . one of my roommates is most likely an enfp and he uses ... ... when you are talking to your esfj friend about how you and your partner get along well with both of your roommates and she asks , who are your roommates ? you then give their names which reveals ... bumpity-bump ! here are the rest of the questions . the more i think about my type , the less fe i think i am ( well , i don't think i'm fe-dom or aux ) . 10 ) how do you judge new ideas ? you try to ... well , the author's involvement totally piques my interest to the point where i might actually consider watching it in the movie theater . :D i'm still a little nervous , but i think that most fans of ... i am currently in the middle of catching fire . :) the first book was amazing , but i am withholding my opinion on the second book until i finish it , although i have enjoyed it thus far . i don't ... ... when you are thinking one thing , but when you say or write it , it never turns out how it was in your head . it's when you feel like you are giving a very bad translation of your thoughts because ... thanks , everyone ! :) i find your conclusions very interesting ... it definitely gives me more to introspect on . i have indeed considered that i might be an intj / entj , but i always thought of ... well , i think infx and intj sound awesome . :p roud : i find the intj description especially interesting because i don't feel comfortable with eye contact . okay , so i've done quite a bit of self-research before joining here and the more i do so , the more it points to infj . i'm fairly certain this is most likely my type , but i'd like all of your ... may i join ? :) http://personalitycafe.com/members/hersquirreliness-albums-hersquirreliness-s-pictures-picture12372-july-2010.jpg the studio ghibli films are generally pretty awesome . :) they definitely put disney to shame in so many aspects . i especially like how they have strong female characters . ... when you think you're in one thread and type a response to it only to later discover that you replied to the completely wrong thread ! i hope that counts . i just did that and i'm very ... i really like writing style the author chose ( present tense , if that's what you call it ) for the books . it keeps me right there in the moment , which is something that i have a hard time doing myself ... i'm currently reading catching fire . the hunger games was such an amazing read and i can't wait to finish the series , even if it has been getting progressively darker . i don't mind reading dark ... i like wolf's rain , fullmetal alchemist , ruroni kenshin ( ' cause kenshin is a total bad @ $ $ ! ) , and any of the studio ghibli films . i've also watched some of code geass , which i thought was pretty ... i definitely think gryffindor ! :) i have been greatly anticipating this moment ! ophiuchus ftw ! : cool : i'm not into the whole astrology thing , but it can be kinda fun sometimes . my astronomy professor gave a lecture about ... i have nystagmus ( it often accompanies my particular condition , onh ) , which means that i do not have full control of how my eyes move . they move around a lot without me even thinking about it , which ... thanks ! :D i'm really liking your senses of humor ! thank you very much ! : happy : ... seriously , i can never figure out what it is i want to say . hello , hello , everyone ! i have decided to stop lurking and join in the fun . :D i've always been fascinated by psychology ( among ... '