' i feel for you , brother ! there are some terrible effects from these psychiatric drugs . if you do some research on mass killings , you'll see that usually the person who did those acts was taking a ... oh great . . . . another future jerk in the medical field who thinks he is god ( unlike the patients ' below ' him ) because he spent all his life in school . too bad ( for you ) that you typed how you ... when i was a child , big pharma and the psych whores hadnt invented adhd yet . lets see . . . . after additional training , that qualifies one as a waiter or a bartender . yes , this may seem ' brutal ' to some . . . . but perhaps it'll prevent someone else from wasting precious ... o . k . - - - as one who has ' been around the block ' for awhile ( there's advantages and disadvantages to having more life's experience - if only you could ' put an old head on a young body ' ) - - - here's ... i write this as only a little bit of friendly advice from a neutral third party with no stake in the outcome - - - it doesn't really matter what you believe in this regard , does it ? what matters is ... there was nothing particularly pessimistic about my post . - - but if youre looking for a more satisfying experience , at 22 you may try dating women a few years older than you . perhaps they will have ... do a little bit of research on the subject of corn syrup and how it is used in so many foods today . similarly , look at the impact of so called ' low fat ' foods on obesity . the meals typically served ... we sometimes place too much of a burden on other people , expecting them to meet all our needs . as an intj ( roughly ) 98-99 % of the people out there are going to be different than you are . the best ... i could be wrong , but the op doesnt sound like it was written by an intj is college worth it ? for some . study something that'll pay . if going to college today , i'd choose an engineering field that hasn't been offshored . pick the right engineering field and you can ... check out geophysics . know that you'll need a grad degree in most science fields to make a living , even a phd . if you want to work with a 4 year degree - check geoengineering , mining engineering , ... # 11 - - - the b * stards offshored our industry overseas , so many of the good jobs are gone forever . they even used u . s . taxpayer dollars to move some of the factories to china . corporate profits and ... imo i'd pursue something that would enable me to make a decent living after i completed the program . that ain't an undergrad psychology degree . be glad you have a passion and talent in hard ... few humanities programs in american universities today teach critical thinking skills . they are places of politiically correct indoctrination . any study of the attitudes of professors at such ... well , this is a sad state of affairs . the economy is in wretched shape . . . . and its going to get worse . . . much worse . unfortunately , young people , their parents , and ' teachers ' seem to be ... yes . . . most college degrees are worthless today . imo if you put out the money to get one , make sure it pays . study something that will enable you to make a living . that said , you don't need ... the ' healthcare ' system isnt designed to improve . its designed to make money . - - - you may not know this , but back in the 1960s people were able to pay for their own healthcare out of pocket . it was ... i learned waaayyy back many decades ago . . . that grades don't mean squat . no one cares in the real world . ive also met a few straight a students . . . and none of them had an original thought in ... this is a rather old , and ho-hum line of inquiry and i wasn't going to reply at all . but . . . what the heck . first of all , one should be clear on their definitions ( and the op wasn't ) . what do you ... i'm always amazed at those who ask questions . . . and then dont like it when they get truthful answers . if they were looking for something else , an intj forum isn't the place to find it . we tend ... i can't address the op's situation . . . there's not enough info . in general , i ignore others when i'm deeply focused on a project or task which takes all my energy and attention . or . . . when ... i have no problem with truthful criticism . . . . that's based on critical thinking . i welcome it because it may help me evaluate my own position and point out personal blind spots . there have ... intellectual laziness and cowardice - - - drives me up the wall . i can't stand it when someone is presented with the facts and all the logical arguments . . . and they just stand there with a ... know that your father loves you . his actions , though perhaps mistaken , are from out of that love . he's worried about you and is concerned about what he sees as ' unsocial ' thus ' unhealthy ' behavior ... all i do is deal with reality . i see time spent on t . v . , video games , and other such diverisions as a complete waste of time and productive energy . find something worth thinking about and doing . not a political / economic forum - but this might be useful for people & flows naturally from this conversation : rule by the rich by paul craig roberts on creators.com - a syndicate of talent ... poker play . . . . mainly texas hold'em . yeah pardner . . . . that'll usually do it : cool : math & strategic thinking skills . . . . coolness under pressure . . . . reading people . . . . . ... well i really don't want to get deeply into these topics on this forum . there are other forums that deal with some of these issues , and it sounds like you guys have been doing some research on that ... i'm not nerdy . i'm curious about a lot of things . . but prefer that which is useful . have little use for computer games , or many other games ( though poker is my favorite ) . i'm an excellent public ... thanks genericuser . what you wrote makes sense . best regards , - - thanks guys for your comments . - - - maybe i'll just have to lay back a little regarding my aunt as has been suggested . i guess it bugs me alot because these damned salesmen were selling her crap ... thank you for your comments genericuser . they are appreciated . perhaps i'm totally off the mark , but it is my impression that facts & figures and long range planning aren't the strongest areas for ... whatever floats your boat . . . . . but if you took 100 straight , normal testosterone level , healthy successful guys under the age of 90 . . . and told them that there was this attractive , smart , ... try drinking out of glass bottles . hotspur - that was a bit of a ramble , but did it make sense ? if it were me , i would stick to my original commitment and have a fun time at the movie . i'd tell the new friend that i would love to be ... hello everyone . i'm an intj . my background is in finance & economics . i work as a trader . - - well , indications are that the global economy is in very poor shape & its going to get much worse . i have ... melissac - - - what can one say ? a guy complaining at having available a willing & eager woman to play with together in bed . . . because he doesnt want to be a sexual boy toy ? what the hells wrong ... i think everyone has provided some good ideas . it would be productive to use this time to think about what you really like to do , and to research that . i'll add another perspective - - - as ... lol - - just try being a finance / economics major with a minor in computer science ( who started out in engineering ) trying to come up with much of anything from all those chemistry & physics ... ligtening actually travels from ground to sky , not the other way around . ( read that somewhere , but don't have the time or inclination to look it up right now ) i think metaplanar has covered the ... hi melissac - now that youve mentioned that youve had sex together , that complicates and changes the situation quite abit . i've been in stressful situations that created an energized environment and ... hi melissac - - - this sounds like a powerful working partnership , especially in the high stress situations that you deal with at work . in the er when people's lives are on the line , you & your ... i purposely have never dated an intj woman . previously , i didnt think of it in mbti terms - but more in terms of occupations and the type of personalities that would most likely be found within them ... i'm pretty good at balancing things now ( after many mistakes over the years ) - - - but when my logical / analytical / rational aspect is inappropriately in overdrive - talking to me isn't the most ... yes i've done skydiving , extreme mountain biking , and all sorts of such activities ( usually up in the mountains ) . i like that these activities require you to know exactly what youre doing . i also ... hi theorem - - - i think i added a couple of paragraphs after your last reply , so you might want to check them out in my post before this one . all the best , - - - i asked the topic , because i've found that there are subjects where logic is valid & useful , and other topics where it is not . emotions are never wrong . a person may feel ' sad ' , ' angry ' , or whatever ... can you give us a better idea of the topic of discussion ? like an earlier poster - - i prefer go . and i much prefer poker . i'm not really into games , though . very rarely play them . - - - i'm a trader , and prefer to put that level of focus & time into ... '