' to_august amazing post , definitely helped me understand the difference better . the more i learned about mbti the more i realized i was in the subjectivist camp , and after learning about socionics ... i can't tell the difference between constructivist / emotivist and serious / merry . it's tough to say , i see the ne vibe in that there's lots of fast moving tangents connectivity like you said . i definitely see patterns in humor and can categorize different types of humor , but i'm ... i thought this was pretty funny too . lol yeah , too many cooks starts out boring , but the transition to the knights of science part is amazing . it's pretty painful to watch otherwise haha . in terms of the jesus video , defs delta , ... i actually usually like darker things , but that kung fury thing . after my friends showed me that i just sat in silence unable to speak for a few minutes , so ridiculous . i love showing people this ... me . estp for some reason haha this is great , please do the rest . how important is making lots of money ? hmmm , i have to disagree on a bunch of these , but also agree on a bunch . mains piper chapman - infp isfp larry bloom - enfj isfj alex vause - istp intp friends of piper lorna morello ... i think that i'm going to go against the grain a little on this one . usually fi doms speak a certain way that i don't really detect with you , maybe it's because english isn't your first language , ... i think that you can tell by what people are focused on and the types of things they like to talk about . i've noticed that sensors prefer to have conversations about actual things , and tend to not ... just keep this in perspective , i'm just a stranger on the internet judging a few paragraphs of your writing . i don't know you , i'm just making a call based on what i see , and i get a vibe from you ... after thinking about it more i really don't think you're an nf . in my mind any ni / se type is off the table because you don't seem to be in a natural state of mobilization . based on cancelling ... what makes you think you're an nf ? name : cellar door ( male ) virgo intp 27 don't believe in it at all . intuition isn't any of those things . so i can see from reading through the threat that said that he tried asking his friend more questions to make him feel understood . types with ti / fe in their stack are going to be more ... i've read through this thread twice and still have no idea what happened . can someone please explain what went wrong in the social situation ? if everyone followed their dreams and did what the like , most work wouldn't get done . the big mistake young people make is they have a really romantic view of what finding their calling actually ... congrats , did you go with the food truck or something else ? stop planning so far in advance , going to college doesn't get you anything other than a check box on an application . what it comes down to is your ability to learn , get experience , and leverage that ... the reason it's hard in school is because they want you to quit so less people become engineers . what you went through is what a lot of engineers go through , especially at that time in your ... not to be a grinch , but you should forget about romantic ideas of saving the world and traveling to scotland / ireland / wherever and think about what kind of work you're literally going to be doing . ... undergrad was pretty time consuming , and graduate school was pretty intense . work is ridiculously easy compared to graduate school , i'm an engineer btw . if you've always been passionate about aerospace then why didn't you study aerospace engineering or engineering mechanics / aeronautics ? i totally agree , if this happens to me i think the same thing . i have a couple things i usually say to diffuse the situation . i usually tell them that i'm not trying to anger them , that i honestly ... definitely intjs . i disagree with this analogy . it's making it sound like ni users only remember patterns and si users only remember specific events , which is way off . what are you currently doing to address this ? how many times have you asked a girl out ? how many girls have you asked out ? ( did you do the same one more than once ) are you working ... the alchemist by paulo coelho functions of type : activities for developing the eight jungian functions : gary hartzler , margaret hartzler : 9780974375 168 : amazon.com : books maybe this one ? i've heard it tons of times on serious satellite radio on the station octane ( #37 for serious , it's different for xm ) . it used to be on there all the time maybe within the last year but not for a ... jesus christ , okay , well to be honest i didn't read every page of this thread , but i'm going to throw in some practical advice . i'm a good looking guy and single , girls have told me i'm cute and ... anyone can be lost in thought and unaware of their surroundings , if anything it's an introvert thing . i agree with everything said here , isfp for sure . this is a tough one . i'm seeing some strong si and feeling , maybe isfj but i'm not confident . understanding my inner world , absolutely nothing turns me on more . you're definitely an introverted , sensing , and thinking in my book . definitely te over ti , fi over fe , ne over ni , and si over se , have to go istj . definitely not an intj or entp , or an intuitive for that matter . you took every single question on the questionnaire at face value , estp for sure . wow i laughed really hard when i watched that . how you're describing ni isn't really accurate , ni is forward looking . ni has been described as a long term systems building function , which i agree with . the intjs and infjs are all about ... i think you're an esfj . strong fe and most likely a sensor . tea 72 it would help more if you filled out a survey , as it matters more why you do the things you . first things first , the tests usually don't work . sometimes they do , but for you they didn't ... there are lots of ways to look at it , tons of different theories , but it's up to you to decide what you believe . a lot of people here are into socionics and the bebe model , and all that jazz , while ... so it's settled , estp :) meister this is such a hard question to articulate in a written way . i feel like i can sense when someone is an intuitive , in a lot of ways it's like an essence . i disagree with some of the ... i know what you're saying about the tests , and let me be the first or maybe the millionth person ( depending on how long you've been researching ) that tests are often times ... for the second time today elicit and i will agree , isfp . you definitely have fi / te , and i think you think that as well . i can't say infp because i can't see the ne / si . definitely some se / ni though . '