' i can so relate to all the posts here . it helps to know that i'm not alone in feeling how i feel about being alone . all i really desire is to find someone and be able to show them that i am am the ... i love love . in all its nuances , and yet i fear never really being in love again . i also love many other things , flowers , solitude , tuning out the loudness of the world around me , indy music and ... love . plain and simple . that's takes the show for me . he is giving infp guys a bad name . seems a bit confusing i agree . you seem great . i'd take you out , and i'm sure more than once . there's too much at stake and you just cant know enough from just ... mines gonna have to be one of three the avett brothers the lowering talk of indolence bella donna or jessica lea mayfield's i feel like i was lied to . how i'm being treated now , about a week after she told me , feels so painful . how could things that were so good , become so bad so quickly . i feel so lied to . it's a ... i like what sebastyn said . the romantic in me awakens . though i really feel it all the time , i feel it even more so when i fall for someone . happened recently and i once again ended up with my ... the avett brothers jessica lea mayfield langhorne slim relationships , nothing to me carries any greater value wow , i like all of those places . the place i was thinking of is a more inner place , where i can be completely and wholly me and rest secure in the relationship i have with a sig other and relish ... aww . :o) . thanks . i sure appreciate it . most definitely . takes the edge off this feeling of lonliness . too bad that stuff doesn't happen for real . maybe one day i'll figure out what im doing ... jessica lea mayfield http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mu9gbEf3aPQ true love , no doubt about it . being with your true love can give meaning and purpose even if mired in a job one loathes . the reverse , however , is not true , no amount of happiness and purpose in a ... i wish i could see her just one last time , even if it was only for a few minutes . to find someone nothing more , nothing less i could so go for that too . it'd be really nice to have someone to talk and write to . most definitely . yeah , i think so . she may inspire me to greatness . as an infp , i often feel like this and wondered if anyone else did too . sometimes i feel so very lonely . like im surrounded by people , but still feel quite alone . and similairly , i feel that my ... am a little bewildered , stunned , and heartbroken today to find out the girl of my dreams , whom i dated for a few months at the end of last year , has in 7 months since we parted ways , gotten married ... right now , it's joshua james http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lcPo2yfwQiE http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kd4TZkKvFm0 mine are green . it would be so nice to have one good true friend . oh , how i long for that . depends on how you define normal . thinking far from it . being here on pc has really helped me learn about who i am and why i think and do the things i do . being here also makes me wish i had more rl conversations and even relationships like some of the ... night owl ... most definitely so very true . thanks so much for posting . i do , i do , oh , me , me , me . so wish i'd a went in a different direction . oh yeah , i can so relate with anna karenina , and jude the obscure . how about don quixote ? can anyone recommend any other must reads for me ? every single day , every one . usually is the norm unless i find something that distracts me for a while , but i always come back to reality . dropkick murhpys fields of athenry one line wonder the avett brothers i agree with all thats been said here . as an infp male like yourself , i constantly feel the same strain that you are experiencing . and i must reiterate what others have already said . just be ... fell madly in love with a girl that i feel like i will love forever , regardless of the circumstances . ended up with a broken heart and broken dreams . still trying to figure it all out . i so relate to this . seems i can't get enough . when i have it , it makes my entire universe come into focus . when its not there , as things are now , there is nothing that will satisfy and quench the ... thanks for sharing . i agree so much with what you've said . i've come to realize that after being married for almost 13 years , that the person that i'm married to doesn't do this and isn't this for ... i couldn't find a good video for it . after all by dar williams . i think that as an infp , that casual sex is a misnomer . seems that without the emotional connection that infp's need , that it would be pointless other than the physical side of things . that it ... i have more love within me than i know how to effectively handle . seems to breed hurt more than happiness . wish i could find someone to love me back . welcome , glad to have you thats great , i know who i would send that to if i just could . thank you for sharing . wow , awesome ! ! i think what's been said already answers most of what i was thinking . dont feel like you are alone . i'm dealing with some of the same issues you are right now . hoping for us both . :o) it's been a while , but im thinking psych 101-102 and 201-202 in college . man , they were great , and i didn't even realize it . now i wish i would've switched majors . bass guitar ... trying to teach myself the acoustic guitar welcome ... we're so glad to have you . thank you all for you comments . sorry i haven't responded like i probably should have . i've been dealing with a lot of stuff here . it means a lot that there is a place where i can relate to folks ... why as an infp male , if many folks want to meet and seem to enjoy the company and companionship of other infp males , why do i have such a hard time with it ? is it really all really loss for me ? ... i'd love to come over and visit the uk . maybe check out an arsenal game while i'm there , that'd be cool . hey , welcome . glad to have you . :o) hey guys , im seemingly at a crossroads in my life and need you all's take on the whole thing . the more i think about things , the more i realize that my heart is leading me in a certain direction . ... green for me too '