' it's not something i'd personally look forward to . if it somehow happens , i'd make the best out of it , but i'll still avoid it if possible . i need physical closeness and activity with a person i care ... i tend to abandon people just like they do with me . it's mostly this i would like to talk to people more , but i have nothing to talk to them about and forcing something never really does anything ... i'll be starting university again next month . after studying biology for a year , more like half a year , i figured it's not what i want to do and switched to computer science . i just hope i'll somehow ... i may not have the most extensive experience , but i've been to 3 different therapists in the past 3 years and i'm still seeing one . the first one was female and actually focussing on my anxiety , ... it's really annoying since i perceive criticism as a personal attack most of the time . it just hurts my ego because i relate it to my inability to do something correctly , even though i rationally ... http://i.imgur.com/AdiBPrO.jpg do i get a cookie ? : 3 pitch black , like my soul . dark humor is like food . some people have it , some don't . ferrum is the correct latin name of iron , but in coordination complexes , where a central atom binds with ( surrounding ) ligands , ferro / ferrate is used as a prefix / suffix in naming those compounds ... ferro means containing iron and is usually used in the naming of chemical compounds , for example , ferrocyanide . equine is simply referring to horses or horse-like species / creatures . he ... that , kids , was the day i managed to fit 3 dicks into my ass . - albert einstein do i not exist ? do i exist simply because i'm thinking ? am i the only existence there is ? is everything ( else ) an illusion ? just kidding , i'm not healthy . at least not for now . have i ever been , ... it actually depends on what you value more . i've often thought about this conflict between living a beautiful lie or living with the cold , hard truth . if you value ( ignorant ) happiness , choose the ... for me that would be clean sheets + plushies ^ w ^ 2 ] how does ni , se and fi work in you ? i will skip this question because i still struggle with the subjective definitions of the functions scattered throughout my brain . 3 ] what is your behaviour ... it seems so pointless realizing the evanescence of everything . everything will eventually cease to exist , so why even try ? i guess i can't enjoy living in the present when i'm constantly afraid of ... aside from being anxious and depressed , i'm feeling more and more lonely . interesting post and question . i so see myself in your post and mr . robot is an awesome show and i can see myself in elliot in a lot of situations . i'm also a very cynical and pessimistic isfp with ... i'd love to be a dolphin for obvious reasons . i mostly play pokémon for the battles which they completely fucked up in go . if it had normal pokémon battles , i'd play it . uninstalled it pretty much instantly . i also hate in-app purchases with a ... gender : male age : -5-5 intelligence : average openness : conservative mbti personality profile : intj closest alternative we found : entj whatever that age is meant to resemble , i don't think the ... it's mostly said that isfps are the most intuitive sensors . nothing to do with ( social ) introversion . we tend to be very quiet and focused on our internal world . life is suffering . we're more inclined to see the negative aspects in life rather than the positive ones . it's kind of sad , but positive memories are always surpassed by negative ones . simple , i stop doing anything and say fuck it all . infp , even though your avatar and posts make you seem very isfp to me xp i really like this song . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4zLfCnGVeL4 the irrational fear of dying . - . it's pretty annoying . i can laugh about my jokes . someone has to . 10/10 . myself ? ! can you date yourself ? we truly are the kindest and loving people : 3 and we will kill you if you say otherwise ^ w ^ your total : 5 narcissistic trait authority : 1.00 self-sufficiency : 0.00 superiority : 0.00 exhibitionism : 0.00 exploitativeness : 2.00 vanity : 0.00 entitlement : 2.00 it may not fit the intp stereotype in general , but like already mentioned , it heavily depends on the conversation topic , the person you're talking to , your current mood ( bored , mad , sad etc . ) and ... ti dom , ixtp , which i might actually be :P interesting question , because i began questioning the difference between ti and fi myself , and came to no satisfying conclusion . the cognitive functions and their defninitions seem pretty subjective ... i've presumably had an infp friend who i was also romantically interested in - i met him online and we never actually met . we had / have a lot in common and similar interests . he was very shy and ... http://i.imgur.com/0tJoRAO.jpg i have high standards for other people because i have even higher standards for myself . i can relate so well to this problem xd i don't feel like i can open up to people because i don't want to hurt them or want to expose myself to potentially being hurt . this has more negative than ... i dislike the superfluous use of love for any kind of infatuation that isn't even close to love . i prefer simply stating i like someone or using the german term ich hab dich lieb which is somewhere ... i wouldn't completely dismiss the possibility of you being isfp . try exploring the cognitive functions more in depth and see which you use . you sound more fi than fe to me - i don't really see you as ... that's a good question because i think i've lost my connection with se and am in a pretty annoying fi-ni loop . i used to do a lot of sports and i've almost completely avoided any activity in the last ... hello , fellow isfps , i've finally found my type after failing to see behind my own perception bias . it was hard because concerning personality i'm pretty close to the intp archetype with a few intj ... i never liked the taste and despite appreciating the influence occasionally for some fun , it wasn't hard to quit alcohol all together and i didn't drink since roughly 3 years now , not counting the ... i don't know , i haven't been present and don't know the tone that was used in the comments . it seems like it had a negative connotation to you , so i'll assume it was in a negative way . yes , i'm very afraid of dying at the moment . in my sleep . not really , i wish i could . i'd want to be reborn as a dolphin with all my human memories ^ w ^ i hate everyone i prefer to live alone people make me sick ^ w ^ well , i love cute and adorable things or living beings , so calling something or someone cute is a compliment and an expression of my affection . just take it as a compliment unless it's uttered in a ... after being mistyped for a pretty long time and still not having the feeling of having fully understood the functions , i'll be exceptionally careful with typing other people . i don't really look up to people or draw inspiration from other people - it comes more from within . i really do admire einstein , though ^ w ^ i find philosophy to be very interesting and would've liked it as a subject in school but my german teacher was teaching the class i was in and i hated that bastard , so i had to change to religion ... '