' i'm a swedish entp living in stockholm ;) but idk if i'm very interesting ... i'm a student . what i study will give me a b . a in philosophy of global development , and i'm gunning for a masters in social anthropology . other professions i have wanted to do: work with ... pizza is pizza ( it looks like a pie , but a pie is too mediocre to fit into the category which pizza - sans tomato sauce - is in ) . and tomatoes , in any shape or form , is an abomination to anything and ... that's a pie , not a pizza ! and tomato is disgusting anyway how to add yourself to the list : please use reply with quote on the latest post with a table remove the tags from the post so the next person can quote the updated table scroll to find ... it's just this cheap plastic steel-y thing that we put things on . hey ! i saw on your profile that you're norweigan ! i knew that you had to come from a scandinavian country based on how much egg and shrimp there was in that jelly ! hopefully jellied food is a ... like crepes with cheese , salmon , ham , veggies etc . this is kalvsylta , i . e jellied veal 454802 haha that actually looks like something delicious from my country xd 454794 yup , a way thinner kind usually made on hot stones or smth in the streets around europe . so delicious with nutella and crushed nuts , or just plain sugar , or nutella with strawberries . with ham , or ... milk is weird too . i don't drink milk ( i happen to eat milk products semi often though ) but i was pouring it into my sister's tea when i suddenly realized just how weird it is to drink ! it is there ... i think savory crêpes are pretty fucking weird and disgusting . but weirdest was jellied veal when i worked at a nursing home . cold meat in jelly with lingonberry sauce ( i think ? ) ... * shudder * ne isn't a particulary extroverted extroverted function either , so it's harder to distinguish in comparison to se / fe / te which are directed at more tangible / social contexts , whereas ne is still very ... i have social phobia , which i understand is interchangeable with social anxiety ... i thought for a very long time that i was intp , it was so obvious to me that i was introverted . what tipped me off ... both yes and no . if it's a fun board game , or something like lazerdome or similar i'm not competitive at all , but when it comes to skills i value ... i'm very competitive . when i was younger one of my ... when it's christmas and your istj sister starts up an argument based on facts from the 80s / 90s and you try to debate with them using current facts but eventually you just have to leave the get ... i didn't watch it until last week because i kept forgetting , but it's so good ! jessica jones ! a + 451482 i'm 100 % impressed ( ehh ) with my asshole neighbor ;) i did mensa online test , which is a rough guesstimate of where your iq lies between . i was guessed between 115-120 . it was a follow pattern quiz which are hard for me because i have a sight problem ... entps is to procrastination as cheese is to pizza , so my question to everyone of you is ... well , not a question really . how were you as a child ? the reason i've been wondering about this is ... i think i've found it ! hard work is simply the refuge of people who have nothing to do - oscar wilde and some people believe he's entp , but that's ... a discussion for other people to have ... i get pissed off by a lot of things , to be honest . no , but i get annoyed and dislike a lot of things , but what pisses me off : 1 ) narrow mindedness , people who don't even bother to consider the ... so i have some things : when i was a wee kid , i . e a 13 year old , it was around easter . i got around to thinking about eggs , and the ridiculous amounts of egg people eat around easter . i started ... oh , she just knows that if she says something about it i'll get even more hard headed and do something i will really regret , which i've done a lot ... but yes , she usually waits with the ... when you've come up with 10 different reasons why a situation has ended up where it is , and your mother turns to you and says you always make up so many stories , to which i turned to her and said ... i'm honest in that when i say something i mean it , but i don't say everything i think . as draculaoverlord said , there's a time an place for it . sometimes i exaggerate liking something , or etc . when i ... i can manage like a week or two really , but i start talking to myself and become very uncomfortable after a while . damnit i would love to be a meatball ! ! routine is boring , but people in my life aren't that understanding of it anymore :P a permanent job ... maybe , not a permanent place of work , haha ! it will most likely allow a lot of travel . i should have 1 or 2 opportunities during the last of my studies ... but it really depends on a great deal of things . it's why i will grin and bear it , it's ... i get bored very easily with pretty much anything . if i had my way i would move every 6-9 months , change jobs every 6-9 months , or course of study , and so on . i get bored with things , people , the ... when you're super tired and meet up with your sister and follow her around the store invading her space and offering sarcastic remarks and joking insults , and then you meet your parents and you spend ... i don't think that non-americans in general see america as a democracy ( which it isn't really , it's a republic ) . i think most of us are aware that america isn't nearly as free as it claims to be , and ... hmm ... this doesn't really represent what i do on my phone , so i'll create my own , haha 1 ) scroll through social media 2 ) look up random things / news / interest / information 3 ) post on social media ... i mean liberal as the word means in academic context , such as both economic and social values that lie heavily on free trade and property rights ( property not just being physical property ) , and so ... multiparty system in sweden has got rather ... messy . no one can establish a government , and we rely on a minority government which in turn relies on a very controversial ( and actually very ... i think stultum said it right . in sweden democrat / liberal / libertarian is pretty far on right . our right party in parliament over here would probably be labled psuedo socialist , thought they ... ha ! this was kind of interesting . i got cautious , slightly organized , outgoing , equally confident and sensitive , and very analytical . i am the most similar to pewdiepie , miley cyrus , david ... only american politics ? chucks ! hehe i wish D: vegan food is too delicious unfortunately . when i make it ( which is 90 % of the time ) i eat like 2-3 x what i should . haha it's either the : sign , or colon ( what people thinks it means ) :P haha ! some of it just has a random word it , but a few of them are basically a shelf lol i'm so sad that those puns are not as fun for me because the whole video i go you translated that wrong ! ! : laughing : ( ikea names are rarely just ridiculous , they're real words ! like envis is ... hmm ... at a party a guy was being an a-hole pouring beer in my friend's lap ( people were drunk , but not that drunk ) . worth mentioning was that we were sort of crashing , and it was this rich-kid ... consequences is a good thing to think of . if i can convince myself the world will end when the bus is late , i should be able to at least have some reluctance to face negative consequences of no ... don't what ? how do you keep up with the scheduling ? like , put things in every week / month . what drives you to put it down like that ? i managed one job and school without a schedule , but two jobs and school won't work , especially when every week is different :P '