' i liked this because i actually did this once , only in more detail and without the f word . i forget how it went , but it began : single , double ( or a couple ) , triple , a few , a handful , half a ... i could watch those mathematical doodle videos at least five times each . people who act on envy , especially if it is misguided . my brother and i sometimes talk about life on other planets , and the chances of making contact . well , the last conversation ended with best guesses on how long carbon-based intelligent life could ... an nt may want to analyze , plan , and then increase the chance of a positive outcome . i don't think we are all the same , but ... for me , don't be overly assuming . an interesting idea or topic is a good opening . one can see the problem . what is interesting to one , may not be to ... i don't like those who are overly assuming or pretend words i say have no meaning . i don't like those who keep pretending they can read my silent thoughts ( if they only knew ) . i don't like ... i'm sorry for breaking the rules , but i don't have a question right now . things i wish i had learned earlier : 1 ) nothing would have been acceptable to others . 2 ) it is not possible to know ... rocket man burning out his fuse up here alone my latest experiment was to have chocolate crunchy peanut butter toping over coffee ice cream . i had some left over , so now i'm eating toasted chocolate pb and concord grape sandwiches . not bad , ... maybe it is because it is text on a computer screen and not in person . i also should be careful of this , but i'm usually not - even though i know better . heck , irl folks cannot always tell if ... oh , and the instructor tested as yellow - next to the least common . i tested ( pace ) green . they claim they are only 5 % of the population . i'm sorry , but my money is on fuckwad . : rolleyes :: blushed : it is spelled temperament . i keep getting errors when i try to edit my posts . there have been mbti indicators with only four colors that indicate temperment - not type . also , there is a four color system ( not mbti ) called pace . they passed out ( no pun intended ) pace in ... i've never called myself an agnostic ... i answered a lot of questions in the middle . lately apathetic seems to be the case - about a lot of things . i mostly agree with action potential agnostic ... this and periodically wondering why they are talking about fractals until the advisory message at the end . do not proselytize me with your pseudo-schizophrenic bullshit . response to op : my experience on this would significantly augment the venting and pisses off threads ... i had to learn it's their money , business , clients , customers , etc . also , like the ... ... by definition . this has many uses . my most recent one was : person , referring to produce : what's organic ? me : all carbon-protein-based life is organic by definition . first ten pages of search for keywords like and dislike did not include this thread , so maybe i'm not repeating something ... you know you are an intj when the following occurs with at least ... i don't cheat . if someone cheats on me , that person is history . i have knowingly known only one other intj male and we are both in it for the long-term ( he is married , i am not ) . just my . 02 ... i keep seeing topics this forum involving some confusion or other as to type . kroeger associates and the please understand me books have direct quotes from folks belonging to each of the 16 types ... i just have to say : you fit in with you . : cool : this sounds like an intraversion thing , and i've no answers . anyone willing to take time to get to know them , let them . yes , that leaves you going around in circles ... write down what is ... your expressed feelings will go over better if they make logical sense to him . as a previous post said - use words . thank you for your point . according to type , intjs take the longest to choose someone . i want someone who will not lie to me and will not cheat on me . in the long-term , i think it helps if two ... i just meant i've no pets - just the plants . they were kind of neat the first year or so . i've no time to adequately take care of a pet . maybe next year . the attraction was at least it eats plants - and if i said what i was really thinking at the time , some folks would think i'm nuts ( empire scorpion ) . seahorses might be cool . i had a tarantula ... yeah , okay , but it's kinda sorta fun - isn't it ? besides , i never would have learned what a sugar glider is . yes , it's under the category of cool and useless information . omg , this reminds me of when i was considering a pet ... you know you are an intj when you research pets for three months , choose three , research each three for at least one month each , pick one of ... there would be a world-wide deadly virus that would kill only those that were a combination of all the following : stupid , assholes , immoral , and irresponsible - especially if they expect others to ... in my life , i think some of this was a political backlash , and for others , some of it may be defensive . if someone is pushed too long , they may push back . there was a time in my life where i used ... originally posted by winddream what about feelings that remain as part of your background state ? and certain emotions that resurface each time you come into contact with a person , be it love or ... i cannot say what his type is , but i have had this happen . actually , it is one of the reasons i found this forum . there are different stages of human development where we begin developing a ... it depends on the cause of the state . it sounds emotional . the sight of a person is conceptual . please consider how positive interactions with someone subjectively causes the next appearance of ... one theory is that feelings are the result of perception , but emotions are conceptual . i agree w / a previous post this thread that feelings are fleeting . formed concepts based on values resulting in ... i have been influenced by some objectivist metaphysics and epistemology . my guess is that if i met ayn rand i might not like her . compared with other philosophies , some of the epistemology was ... i don't have experience w / vbulletin - sorry . i just thought it might be easier than going through all pages and posts in order to count results . okay , so we have to rely on user integrity and ... it is a good topic . in human life , there is always better and worse off . my childhood was not good . the details would take too looong . the best way to obtain a tentative answer is to ... i have a brain , so i can see if it is good or not ( ironic grin ) . in the first grade i had a battery-operated lost in space robot . i went through periodic phases when i would like what i called rubber creatures . um , a common brand would be creepy crawlers ... i think i am 10-15 % too intraverted ( if jung can call it extra , i can call it intra _ ) for my own long-term interests . right from the womb , i still would prefer to be intravert dom . i think some ... the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy had an entry about earth that had to be updated from harmless to mostly harmless . that is what caught my eyes . try descriptions of each dominant function ... i messed up my post . i was trying to remember a web site ... my point was : i have not thought of funeral speeches , but have pondered what i should have on my grave stone . cartoon endings on tv ... i think the trick is to choose your own values and hierarchy ( priorities ) of values . then become the person you can look up to . behave as if you are your own hero and savior . if you fall short , ... a minimum of 90 % non-fiction . paradox of vigor mentioned in this thread popular stuff is garbage . the stuff they have at supermarkets and walmarts makes me cringe and wince . here is a title : ... i have not thought of eulogies , but i have rummaged through headstones to grave-sites , and one memorable stone read : i told you i was sick there may be a web site with headstone images ( rummage , ... if you do not fit into one type yet , i would not be concerned . according to theory your personhood may not have fully developed . there are wide age ranges for developing human functions . ... i have been lurking for a couple of months and finally took the plunge and registered . this is my first post . i do not know how often i will be around . i am working and going to school majoring in ... '