' last days naked that intj has a different perspective than you and therefore sees things differently . try to observe your hypothetical problems neutrally from the viewpoint of the intj and figure out if there is any ... i space out very often . it happens at random occasions whenever some interesting thought appears into my mind . sometimes i have to concentrate very hard if i want to avoid it . it's very annoying if i ... soon the days went passing into years happiness just didn't come so easy life was born of fairy tales and daydreams innocence was just another word was it illusion ? i got 42 points . david lynch . burton has only made a couple of decent movies . his movies are mostly about having a certain style over the actual content . lynch , on the other hand , is a true visionary and an ... le cercle rouge by jean-pierre melville . gilda rita hayworth at her best . it has an emotional effect on me . different types of music effect me differently . certain type of music relaxes me , some other type of music can make me more focused . generally , i can use music ... we are the robots . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VXa9tXcMhXQ its metropolis . ... but there is also stalker ... and 2001 ... and blade runner ... and aliens . each of these movies are unmatched in their own styles . i refuse to vote . yes . most of my shirts are black . although lately i have started to venture into the hazy area of other colors . gus van sant : last days monte hellman : two-lane blacktop nicholas roeg : the man who fell to earth john cassavetes : the killing of a chinese bookie these movies have very similar atmospheres ... this is a plot twist that can be seen coming miles away but it still shocks me every time i watch this movie . i would call this a perfect ending . read ' the third policeman ' by flann o'brien i love the holy mountain . it so filled with crazy ideas . and the ending is awesome . el topo and santa sangre are also good . but el topo is a little bit too heavy structurally . i didn't like rainbow ... the prisoner it's both . the half empty and half full are just two separate concepts that actually are the same thing . hagakure is filled with great quotes . i especially like this one . there is something to be learned from a rainstorm . when meeting with a sudden shower , you try not to get wet and run quickly ... we know the answer when he dies . i have always wished that wile e . coyote would catch the road runner and eat it . if something is infinite , it's length becomes meaningless . unless it's cyclical like a closed loop . otherwise it just is . i get angry very rarely . sometimes i can sense the anger rising but i'm usually able to let it go pass through me without letting it manifestate . i don't really see much point in getting angry . it ... autumn . the first days in the transition period from summer to autumn are still warm , but you can feel that autumn is slowly creeping towards you . first the leaves in the trees are colorful . then the ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kZoBgX8rScg flying car , absolutely . i don't see any point in having an invisible car except for the coolness factor . it would simply mean accidents . however , if all cars were flying cars , the roads and ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IuKptQRAtN4&NR http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gB5iDUnx0iY i think that the ' great american movie ' should somehow relate to the ' american dream ' . it should somehow cover the ' from rags to riches ' theme . therefore both rocky and citizen kane are good ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tCed47HdRu8 this video gives the mad mastermind vibes . blarghezzenfidilious bread and energy drink . try to find bugs in her programs . it is . no doubt about it . almost all of the lucasarts ' adventure games , but above all : grim fandango the second episode was a lot better than the first one . the character development is really kicking in . almost every character seem to have a recognizable personality and a lot of depth . now the ... the last time when i did lottery was probably 10 yeas ago . i consider lottery to be a waste of money because the odds for winning are so small . slot machines are also quite useless because you just ... sleeping . chaotic humor . daydreaming . strong coffee . melancholy plegmatic 29 sanguine , 57 melancholy , 0 choleric , 50 phlegmatic a proper breakfast . black coffee , bacon , eggs and ice-cream . i'm listening the ambient noises that are coming from the street . footsteps , distant traffic , people talking and birds singing . la passion de jeanne d'arc by carl th . dreyer is one of my favourite silent movies and one of the most visually beautiful movies that i know . i would also recommend anything by fritz lang , f . w ... i have read the first book about half way through , which is just a little bit further than the first episode goes when i finally decided to give up for them . i think that the book had the same ... i think that the main problem with the first episode was that there was simply too many characters introduced and too many events included for one episode . i didn't really get who some of the ... '