' sleep is hard ; letting negative stuff go is hard . especially if it is evidence that i suck . i'll do something nice for someone and forget about it in hours , but that girl that got mad at me for ... i admit i probably went too far on this one . should keep some thoughts to myself lol . not really a post to get help out of depression or whatever . more of a test to see if anyone related to or could ... all these relate so much . it's nice to know i'm not the only one that locks himself away from the world when i'm depressed . so much of our happiness is though interacting with others so its a problem ... honestly what came to mind was a chain fence pattern representing a cage and maybe a pillow like for a dog rescued from the pound for a couple of years i haven't had a solid reason to live . for some context , i grew up with strong religious beliefs , and these beliefs held up the context for why i exist .. or at least they gave ... hey everyone , i haven't been on here forever because i've felt too busy with the craziness of my life , but i've really missed it . i left utah where i've lived my whole life and moved down here to ... not alone . i think they are trying more to clear this up , but i think it does shape to be suspicious of different people instead of embracing differences . long time no see guys ! my life got very hectic in a good way and i haven't posted in long time ! missed you all . i like how the movies promote that it's acceptable to be compassionate and caring ... i stay up to the point of pure exaustion so my mind doesn't have a chance to lecture me . i haven't had a good night of sleep in a year . i listen to audiobooks so it replaces the negative voice in my ... i've never read a such a true to heart post in my life . just reading this i feel like you would understand me better than anyone i know . having relationships slip between my fingers day after day is ... i have friends who rush into marriage , i have to know someones heart and mind inside and out before i would marry them , and that takes time . but i've never fallen head over heels for someone , and ... i really recommend it , i was in toastmasters for a year and the people are awesome and very supportive . it's a bunch of fun and no better place to get comfortable speaking . aand i like how you ... did someone say attention ? hand it over and no one gets hurt i'm an enfj and i only remember 2 times i have deliberately lied in my life . one was to a security guard , and the other i don't even remember exactly what it was . actually my enfjness that cares ... yup i consider almost everything on the internet as play . might make me a bit of a troll buuut whatever haha hey yeah i think you should go for it . because really what is better ? some people say the sense of freedom of non inhibitions of not caring and doing whatever you want even in disregard of others ... better run before you get the wrath of the feelers . lmao i see the enfj's have sensed a disturbance in the forum and have assumed attack formation being an enfj with many social inhibitions , sometimes i wonder what that would be like . i might be a little envious , but i feel i would stop being so damn classy , and i wouldn't want that : wink : so moral of the story : * hug * i feel like i could have written this almost word for word , so it feels like i've gotten something of my chest just reading this , so thanks falling leaves . i'll admit i don't really know how to help ... amen to that . school stress ... uggh . all i can say is work your ass off , try your best , and remember not to go insane . for me i've really always got a better grade than i thought i would and the stress was wasted ... that's the exact thought that went through my head a week ago . i'm also considered more feminine in how i act .. i would almost describe it as light-hearted . being expressive . and well i get called ... such great replies . it's 2 am and i'm like falling off my couch i'm so sleepy , so i'll have to reply another time soon . but thanks a bunch - i'm getting some really great insight from this and can ... i personally hide my feelings , problems , insecurities , and well .. anything else i want to . i hear that's common for us enfjs . we tend to make other people feel comfortable and look out for their ... wow i relate with you a little too much jaws . i really have sympathy for you because my whole left leg is atrophied to about 2/3 rds the size of my right leg right now . for the last 3 years i pretty ... it happened . hard to believe , but the inevitable conflict had to express itself somewhere somehow . i feel numb . so many emotions running through my veins , and my heart running so hard with so ... hm depends . for me i could come across as obsessive just in how much i care and want to get to know someone right from the beginning . that many emails is a little strange unless they are directed to ... hands down one of the sweetest things i have ever heard here's me . the joe . i'm really curious .. do i look like an enfj ? i feel like one . what do you guys think when you see these pictures ? just curious what peoples perceptions are . ignore the semi i'm ... ha ugggh don't you just hate it when people pressure you to make stupid decisions when they know nothing about it . aw someone else like me getting close to finals at school . good luck stayin alive . i'm sorry your family isn't helping you keep your sanity , but i know you'll get through this . hope ya feel better i think i'll follow suit and try to take the edge off of somethings myself . i feel like there is something i should probably look at . i mostly ignore my childhood , but my dad was an emotionally ... i've been lucky enough to never really be bullied , so that sounds like something really tough to go through . it sounds like you have learned to stand up for yourself , so at least you have walked away ... jaws , i think it's awesome how you describe the indescribable . i so relate to this , so thanks . and ever have it when reality seems so fickle ? that you become so seperated from it , you can observe ... i don't know if i should be allowed to read this thread - it activates my enfj want to hug everyone who has a problem mode . but your all so far away . i'm on both sides , i don't really get close to people unless i know i can help them out , but i don't open up to let anyone else help me . i don't know how i would have a relationship with myself > . < i really relate to you . i'm going to help you whether you like it or not >=] i like the way you see life . lets talk . screw everyone else , let's just run around and be crazy . deep conversations to me are the ones that expose who we really are under the masks . that's what i'm afraid of . i think if i stop trying to contact her then she will think i don't care even though she may think her never contacting me is cool . at first i would invite her to things ... aw i know those feelings all to well . sometimes i tell people things about myself , but just the crazy interesting things that are entertaining . this really gets me into some trouble because they ... thanks iluvhsj , that alone makes me feel better : laughing : ah yeah totally it , and maybe it is my love language being quality time that make me think well if you even cared a little .. wouldn't ... that's interesting , i can see your point . i agree , i don't like people are way clingy in a very dependent way or if it feels like they don't have a life without me . maybe it's just that i'm insecure ... you are very wise dulcinea , love your insights . i think your right on with what your thinking . actually as far as i know shes a fiery social isfj . i'm kinda new to this typology stuff , but a friend ... hey , i'm interested in hearing what relationship problems us enfj's have . my most frustrating issue right now is the conflict that what i think a friend is requires much more involvement then ... speaking for myself . yes lack of genuine connects drives me nuts . ironically i don't know much about keeping them , because i tend to become in-genuine and i can't stand that so i sabotage the ... funny enough , what i want so much to like someone as much as i like myself . i like the qualities in myself , but i have trouble seeing them in other people . i'm just being ignorant , people are amazing ... i so agree , i think each of us have had an experience around feelings where we decided they were too risky and not safe to show around other people . for me it was someone i knew when i was a child ... yeah . i was joking too .  ... kidding ... that was sarcasm ... '