' poverty is a fact of life . sometimes it's the result of one's bad choices , other times it's the result of uncontrollable circumstances . for me it depends on the type of authority . there are two criteria that strongly influence my relationship with authority . the first is whether the authorities have earned their power or whether ... same for me . i actually work at a bank and it seems like a lot of the tellers are college students rather then college graduates . i also noticed a lot of people getting interviewed for a teller position . it's ... wouldn't it be lucifer ? :p roud : is hell as bad as the theists make it out to be ? or is it more like as described in this youtube clip ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=biSTNmBqK4k congratulations for proving my point in regards to the meaningless of a low unemployment rate . you really should read an economics textbook . only the ones who are wealthy enough . if you're poor or can't get affordable health insurance outside of your employer , guess what , you're stuck working past retirement age . even if you're ... why am i a callous person ? it's wrong to say wars are terrible ? even if a war is necessary , it's still hell , especially for those who are on the front line . as i said many times , wars are ... unemployment figures can be skewed . for instance , if someone is unemployed and has given up looking for a job , that person is no longer counted as unemployed . also , a person who only works 1 hour a ... if war is so good for the economy why would anyone have wanted ww2 to end ? since germany and japan were already beaten , the u . s . could have gone on to fight the ussr to keep the war economy going ... hopefully it won't be a keynesian textbook . 5 . again , it's not about liking the job . it's about whether the job is actually productive or not . would you pay someone to protect your house again unicorns ? this is technically a job ( he's ... 1 . besides a zombie invasion , you could also depopulate by forced sterilization and abortions . would you consider those methods to be good for the economy ? 2 . well , a zombie invasion might make ... wouldn't vampires also rot as both zombies and vampires are technically corpses ? as far as needing brains , i thought zombies only eat brains because their zombie master tells them to do that . i thought zombies don't age . i mean , how could they when they're already dead ? the problems with vampires is being unable to go out in sunlight . i read your summary , i just don't agree with it . wars only destroy the standard of living , they never improve it . can you point to one war that actually improved a country's standard of living ... absolutely not ! how would destruction and carnage improve an economy ? if anything it would plunge the economy into a deep depression . wars destroy an economy , literally and figuratively . ... seeing as how you can't go for even one post without the insults , i'll stop and let you talk to yourself in your echo chamber . farewell . see the above edited post , if you're interested . : rolleyes : but do you think that was a fair criticism ? actually you said neither in that specific post . reread your post again . pathetic . you lobbing insults at me makes you childish , not ... didn't obama's supporters want universal healthcare instead of what the aca offered with health exchanges ? is it fair to criticize the aca as obama's attempt to socialize healthcare ? i'm ... i'm absolutely opposed to euthanizing a healthy animal . others have already given you a number of good suggestions as to places that will take care of him . if you absolutely can't take care of him ... you should really do away with the insults . they make you look all the less credible . nor should you make such petty assumptions about me . if insults and hyperbole is all you have , you've already ... you're the one who thinks we can easily identify the terrorists from the peaceful ones . bear in mind no country is obligated to take in immigrants . a lot of liberals found this out the hard way ... let's do this as soon as the government can find telepaths to discern between the radicals and peaceful ones who are immune to being radicalized . oh that's right , telepathy isn't real . are you really ... the executive order bans immigration from seven nations . it doesn't ban all muslims ( unless you think all muslims reside in these seven nations and all residents of these nations are all muslims ) ... dismissing opposing views as stupid simply because they don't fit your narrative strikes me more as petulant than tolerant . it's like person a saying i'm easy to get along with so long as i always ... have you watched footage of trump back in the 1980s and 1990s ? his criticism of the u . s . government's failure to make good trade deals is the same as it was decades ago . it's no surprise i ... you think tolerant individuals freely insult people who have a differing opinion than their own ? you have very low standards then if you think this . or could it possibly be that people who ... i think you're forgetting that unlike the situation with clinton and the dnc , trump was nominated in spite of the rnc's preference to nominate a guy like jeb or cruz . even if the rnc's emails were ... blatantly insulting people's intelligence is hardly a quality of being tolerant . yes , you can think i'm stupid but that doesn't make me stupid or proves you have a correct opinion . do you ... for someone who professes to be smart and tolerant you're failing to demonstrate either quality . you're acting like an impudent child , not like a tolerant liberal . i think it would depend mostly on the circumstances of how germany would've won the war in the first place . are you assuming the u . s . never got involved in the european theater via lend lease or ... are you this snarky because your candidate lost ? the concept of the left being tolerant must be lost on you . why ask a question if your mind is totally closed-off to any thought that is different than your own ? or are you just trying to pass off your smugness as intellectual superiority ? if you wanted ... speaking as an istj who is very private about my feelings , my advice would be to help them get back into their daily routine and projects . i find grieving to be a very individualistic process , and ... i think it really depends on the person . a number of famous actors for instance were introverts . ultimately , if you have thick skin and can wear a mask so to speak , i would say yes . if you find it ... besides the unusual circumstances she was in , i find it somewhat difficult to type elsa in part because the movie focused much more on anna's pov than elsa's . with that said , i'm skeptical that ... i don't think there is anything wrong with choosing not to reproduce . ( i'm also someone who has no interest in being a parent ) . however , your reasoning strikes me as a bit nihilistic . setting ... yes , some of this does sound familiar to me . when i get angry i become very impatient and i prefer to be alone until i had a chance to cool down and regain my composure . as for acting like there ... have you tried going through a temporary employment agency ? doing temporary work would allow you tryout a variety of jobs without any expectation of a long-term commitment . if you find a temporary ... i would say leadership style , amount of leadership experience and personality are greater factors than gender in regards to whether a person is a good or bad boss . currently i have both a male and ... hello . not all degrees have the same value in terms of improving your market value as a job applicant , so accumulating degrees may not be worth your time / money . i assume you want to work in the ... it's been a while since i did anything with fasfa , but doesn't fasfa ask you whether you can be claimed on your parents ' tax returns ? if your parents are paying your living expenses you're still ... i'll be brutally honest with you . majoring in a stem field will help you repay your college debt by providing you with marketable skills that are in demand by private sector employers . excluding ... scholarships and grants are probably your best bet for getting money to attend college . as for housing , you could save a lot of money if you could live at home with your parents or other ... are you asking if it is possible or is it practical to do this ? you would have to check with the school ( s ) to see if it's possible . hypothetically , if you have the money , i don't see why they ... i think this is something you would have to check with each school on a individual basis . even if it is possible at a particular school , you may run into a myriad of obstacles such as classes not ... you probably can , seeing as it's your money and time you're spending . i've never heard of anyone actually doing it . if you really want to pursue multiple studies in college i suggest doing a double ... '