' i adored my enfp friend when we were close . we drifted apart for whatever reason . life happened , i suppose . i still adore him , and i have nothing but good memories with him . a really goofy , eccentric ... final fantasy ix will always and forever be my favorite game . entjs beating infps ? http://i45.tinypic.com/333adc2.gif http://i48.tinypic.com/10wpe6g.gif http://i46.tinypic.com/2re31nd.gif i crave sad endings more than happy endings . the hours , atonement , marie antoinette , etc . are all favorite movies of mine . i also like open-ended endings , as well . which is why i think china ... cancer here , and i think infp and cancer fit me very well . estjs and intjs , i have a hard time communicating with . i've only met two , but i know an infp i had to completely cut off because they were weirdly obsessive . i always have to remind myself of advice from both john steinbeck and jk rowling . steinbeck said edit later . get it all out first . you can always go back and add something or remove something that ... i can't imagine going out to a club or a bar alone . i love going hiking alone or bike riding alone . heck , sometimes i'll even go see a movie alone . i couldn't ever go to restaurant alone . maybe a ... the american robin is in the family turdidae / genus turdus . the european robin is in the genus erithacus . and , you're right , they are so territorial ! it sounds like it may have been two males . females ... do i spy a grinder ? i hid all of my paraphernalia behind my laptop , lol . no ! i am not bored . i am enthralled . i love birds . the european robin is no longer considered a thrush . it's considered an old world fly-catcher . 65617 oh man . i want to photograph birds so bad , but i do think my lens is best equipped for birding photography . any lens recommendations ? 6547565476 i'm trying to get into watercolor , and i'm obsessed with birds . strangers . kept at arms length . friends described me , when they were strangers , as stoic , serious , rigid , aloof , and practically unreadable . if a stranger isn't put off by my stoicness , and ... my main goal is to be a writer , but my career path to support my writing endeavor was to become a professor or librarian , but graduate school is just too expensive right now , so i've considered ... i went to edinburgh , scotland in june 2010 , and it was one of the best experiences i've ever had . i was only there for a month , but i did not want to leave . http://media.tumblr.com/f7c6708121cf26b3aed5408e8374be03/tumblr_inline_mh042nUAAT1rbumi6.gif this is so true for me . i find i want people to express their love for me the way i , myself , express it : words of affirmation , physical touch , quality time . gifts are usually the last thing that i ... some photography ... 6527765278 some glass work ... 65279 i think i read others very well . and you know what i think it is ? our fi . our fi makes us , or at least me , extremely self-aware . i'm extremely self-aware of all of the bad thoughts i think , the ... i would say sméagol / gollum is an infp , though i can't be sure . classic inward evil / good battle . and considering frodo is an infp , and gollum is what frodo could become , i don't know , it's a nice ... i feel as though you may pay attention too much to what others are doing , and it's taking away from your enjoymentx 96x96especially with photography . who cares what other people are doing ? if you enjoy ... i have severe road rage . severe . my parents also have severe road rage , so maybe i inherited it , lol . i'm surprised i haven't given myself throat cancer or something from all of the screaming i did ... i'm usually just a t-shirt and jeans kind of guy , but i've become more aware that my style doesn't exactly fit my age , so i'm trying to adult it up bit with things such as : 65217 but if i ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-STtD96doeo this . all of this . greatest strength : imagination . greatest weakness : self-doubt . quality you most admire in other people : honesty . quality you least admire in other people : bigotry . i don't like talking on the phone , either . i don't know why . this is a challenge i'm trying to overcome , especially when it comes to dealing with adult things like calling the cable company when ... i feel like i'm the only infp who hated this movie . i thought it was the stupidest thing i'd ever seen . i preferred a very long engagement way more ( same director and also stars audrey tautou ) . ... i dream in color more than black & white , but i seem to remember the black & white ones better . the most common dreams i have are of my teeth falling out in some fashion--usually for no reason ... it's mystical to me . i was born and raised nondenominational , but in high school i got really into the youth group at the local baptist church , was baptized , etc . as of now , i don't really enjoy organized religion . i ... hrm , i don't know . do you mean invisibility as in like harry potter-style , people can bump into you , still hear you , etc . or have all of the effects of your actions be unperceivable . because ... these are characters i felt a connection with on personal level / remind me of myself in someway , so i'm just guessing they're infp . sam ( natalie portman ) from garden state . claire colburn ( kirsten ... this room makes me feel like an infj . it needs more afghans and floor pillows and big wonky couches . the whole op is confusing . how are you getting your results ? i got 5w4 , 9w1 , 4w5 which is a 594 , but i don't see that as an option . if it works , i guess i'm ' the contemplative ' . makes sense , even ... when is your birthday ? i'm a cancer which i think correlates nicely with infp . there was a poll going around somewhere on here . for infps , libras were in the lead , followed by cancer and then pisces . i don't believe in ... i think everyone , regardless of type , holds strong to their beliefs and values . and , yes , it does sound like me . i think us being forever agreeable is just another misconception of infps . i do think ... dumbledore has always been an infj . imo . hermione is an istj she stayed with harry because she made a promise , even after the love of her life walked out on them . i thought that said , here with my dildo . : confused : anyway , carry on ! i love words . i love having a big vocabulary . i'm writing a book where i use the term ungues instead of talons . but one thing that i do not like , more than the love of showing off my vocabulary , ... i love , love , love walking a trail in the woods by myself . it definitely feels like a soul cleanser . the last book i read : vurt by jeff noon . i'm currently reading iron council by china miéville . the last song i listened to : justin timberlake's new album . not impressed . the last movie i ... well , we don't like advice . i think that has been stated enough on this forum , and it can be the downfall of fi / fe relationships . i have two infj friends , so i would know . when infjs give advice to ... i was such an apathetic person in high school . i found it boring , i hated my peers , and my parents divorced right as i started . i ended up graduating with a 1.9 gpa . i took the act once , without ... i've only read paper towns and looking for alaska . i liked looking for alaska . i didn't care so much for paper towns . hrm ... i don't know . fi is an inward function , and i think the only reason infps seek to better the world is , like you said , the world is out of line with our inner selves . we don't want to feel bad , ... ingary from howl's moving castle , probably . i do like middle-earth , too . words are the most powerful thing humans have . being realistic , i don't think you could match the magnitude of your transgression . which may be hard for you to accept . i know it would be for me . i ... '