' nebosite and creative , you both nailed the relationship of my wife and i married 34 years . the only thing i'd add is i need to be strong when we go on a trip or try something new . she freaks out ... in 0:17 , carl jung himself , says : well , the type is not static . it changes with the course of life . ... i agree that type is not static ; however , i feel within my type i have evolved . i ... you want your isfj boyfriend to be more communicative , right ? well , my isfj wife tells me , her enfp husband , everything and anything all day long and i love it . it might be a guy thing because she's ... i found my mbti helped me to accept who i am . i mentally fought i was not worthy enough to be a teacher or writer , yet my temperment showed many enfp's find satisfaction in these fields . a cold ... ( ( ( by the way , yes it is possible to have an equal relationship between an isfj and an enfp ( i have one ! yay ! ) but it takes compromise and work on both sides and it doesn't sound to me much like ... i believe he is an isfj . i've been married to an isfj for 34 years . it can be challenging but love is a verb , it's worked at . we have learned to respect each other's differences . she brings ... i agree with hziegel that people act for various reasons , social comfority , or acceptance . i was taught we wear masks hiding who we are to feel accepted and we might vary the mask image depending on ... just let me know when , where , and how much . i converse most comfortably with infj but i find a chemistry with esfj's that i can't explain . [ quote =D oubletstep ; 393349 ] maybe some women aren't meant to be tamed . maybe they just need to run free till they find someone just as wild to run with them . / quote ] i'm sorry , i don't like this ... my motto , mission statement , has always been how can i make a difference in the world ? or does what i am doing or going to do make a difference in the world ? works for my peace of mind . happily married 32 years to an isfj . please understand me ii by keirsey really nails it for me as to our type of relationship . i recommend that book . my wife brings stabiliity to my life . plus , her ... this is what i love to do ! after school i go to borders order a pot of refresh tea with two cups in case someone joins me and grab ten books off the shelves to peruse for purchase . i love the ... message removed i gave a small present to a teacher friend at school . it was a book for her son . there was a small group of teachers in the lunch room when i casually gave it to her . she glanced at it ; opened it ; ... ditto only for my wife : laughing : ( ( ( i agree . this conversation has drifted away from the topic of the isfj . has anyone had any success in being married to , or just dating an isfj being an enfp ) ) ) my wife is isfj and we've ... my wife of 32 years is an isfj . what helped us in the beginning of our marriage was seeking out relationships that struggled yet believed in marriage also . the dynamics of different couples mixing ... my biggest rush in all my careers has been owning my own business . i fact as soon as i started one i felt like king kong on cocaine . i teach english now and it's good , but i feel something missing if ... i agree . my infj friend is the best to vent with . she and i have lunch together every thursday . we each feel like some weight is lifted from each other after we vent about what's bothering us . i witnessed to p's in a relationship . the day went something like this . let's go here ? okay . no , let's go here . okay . then we can go here and here and here . okay , let's do this also . yeah . ... a school psychologist once told me of what happens when an np comes into a relationship with a sj . he said the sj will pull the np more toward the middle , more normalcy and less craziness . i have ... [ quote = moby ; 220429 ] haha , thats awesome . i do the same thing all the time . and you're right remer , despite what one might think people don't get offended we enfps carry 2 + conversations at a time ... thanks for the kind words . your experience in isolation sounds like a horror movie to me . i cannot be isolated for too long otherwise i get sleepy or at the very least lethargic and even ... i agree . i do this all the time in the classroom and with the staff . i have teachers and students take the mbti online and mark it in the roll book . once i'm sure of their type i study their face , ... i agree . i wake at 5 am , sit at my desk , light a candle and read for about an hour and a half before my crazy day starts . it relaxes me . if i can sneak back to the desk , put my feet up and read a ... wow , what an amazing post . i love gut honesty ; it pulls me to people . thank you for sharing your life with us . i'm impressed with how much you have accomplished . i wanted to make a few comments , ... i pushed myself to finish the novel then went back to edit . some parts of the story had big holes because i didn't know how i was going from point a to point b so i left it and continued with the ... i'm so proud of you . it's never easy for me to tell friends my frustation with not writing more . i'd like to know more of your future goals . maybe we can help each other . i'm working on another book ... wait , you have a secret longing but you're not going to tell us . that's like i know a secret and i'm not telling you . :) i know i have secret longings , but i write them in my wish book i'll ... wow , can i identify with you . i teach 190 eighth grade students . i must be organized , but as an enfp it's not my strong point ; however , my english department is fill with j's . they respect my ... i agree with all of your de-stressors . :) we discussed what stresses enfp's . now i'd like to know how to get out of stress . here are a few remedies from a book titled in the grip / understanding type , stress , and the inferior function by noami ... recently , i had to take an 8 - hour exam , three separate tests . there were a few of us that had to take it . i held a study session daily . i found powerpoint presentations online . you would not believe ... i've done some career counseling and based on you being an infp , i would say you will love the process but may struggle with the choices . taking in information as a perceiver will be enjoyable but ... my daughter-in-law loves , i mean really loves this series . she tried to get me to read it but it's way too much conversation for me and not enough action . i can see where she could be an enfp though . now that's funny :) another character i could identify with is mr . smith ( james stewart ) from the movie mr . smith goes to washington . i would be so naive about politics and think i could change the world for the ... best advice yet . don't get involved with anyone you work with . it's been 35 years since i did that but the lessons learned i still remember . okay , maybe this is dumb ; however , humor me . what character on television reminds you most of yourself ? for example , i think i'm most like rick castle on the monday night show castle . he's ... wow , i can identify with almost every post here . how do enfp's overcome these problems ? i totally hang out with younger people most are just turning 30 ( i'm 58 ) but that's who my peers are at school : young marriend men and women . i came to teaching late in life after owning a business ... yeah , i agree with renogod . my big thing is integrity . when someone doesn't demonstrate it by speech or actions i back away , and i would be really lacking if i expect it in others but not myself . i ... welcome . i've been a fan of the myers briggs for 20 years , too . my wife says i can kill a party when i bring it up , but i love it . you'll find all sorts of new insights and just great conversations ... welcome ! i'm always impressed with youth figuring out their temperment early in life . oh my g * d , i can identify with that . when i catch someone in a lie there's a good chance i will never talk to them again if i can help it . one of my best friends , a principal , i caught in a lie and ... i agree . i once worked in an office where everyone was a strong j . i find a gaggle of j's sometimes a mean environment . i love the poem . i don't have to unlock it ; it keeps me reading because i want to know what happens ; and , the ending satisfies me . thank you ! we didn't have that problem . she rarely looked at the small issues except her stressors which i must admit i try to accomodate . we involved ourselves early in community and church activities where we ... this struck a cord with me . i remember attending a weekend retreat . you couldn't leave . the cars were all blocked in . everyone stayed in this one room . one student controlled the entire day / weekend ... '