' well , shit . i leave this post alone for a few months , and what happens ? people get all rowdy and such . christ . cool your beans , intps and visitors . i don't really care whether or not i am an intp or ... mmph . i do . i'm not sure about other intps , but extroverted arrogant smart people are a turn on . their boyfriends houses being locked into a spreader bar . duh . everyone knows that intps are kinksters if they aren't asexual . over the past year i have undergone a lot of personal change and growth . be it from reading and reflecting or from the direct source ( life ) , i have learned a lot . i have become more amiable , open ... my dad was intp . i was bitter against him for most of my teenage and a few of my adult years . i really dont care either way anymore . http://media.tumblr.com/290adadc68a9e662190fd5863170adba/tumblr_inline_mwzs7j9ECT1rup6oq.jpg this is how i'm saying happy thanksgiving this year . please join me . ;) i can be humble . ( oh the irony . ) i can't ever have what i want . i will work for it , and i will commit to getting it , but once i get it , i don't know what to do with it , so i behave as a cowardice and be rid of it . well , first i look at them . and then i point really really exuberantly so they notice . and for the grand finale , i shout as loud as i can , oh my god ; look ! it's a human ! run for your lives ! this . exactly . x93existing is craving change ; living is acting on it . x94 as a child , adults were constantly reminding me to think before i acted , to be honest , the like . the wicked truth of this situation is , ... you looking for a problem to solve . i have this friend jack daniels . he sure does help . if you love someone let them be free . that is much better worded according to what the saying actually means . if you love someone , don't let your love imprison them . and this piece i wrote on ... i'm going to say , chaos . stability is a fucking lie . and then i'm filling this out cause i has no life . 50 questions that will free your mind these questions have no right or wrong ... double posted . tell us all about it here . or rant about it here . or tell others how fucking idiotic they are here . or tell them its salvageable here . or get distracted from your major fuck up here . i majorly ... never . you're all a bunch of tree hugging hippies ! - cartman , south park you're a dwarf . : 3 https://encrypted-tbn1.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRHBwqkSrFIUWIi0-c6y-V9UCmF2qQjndD-BIWYUAxOPX1-iDyhFw selflessness altruism seeing other people truly loving another seeing other people fall in love with someone i care about loving other people generosity expecting nothing from the other person ... if i am interested enough to want a relationship and enter a relationship with someone else , i am not going to act passively to get what i think is best for the situation . i am not going to sit ... there is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will . epictetus i love me a good trollin ' in the evening . i'm thinking it's likely because you may not find telling white lies to gauge reactions as rewarding as those who do this to you . so you just trust that they are telling the truth . this is ... i'm not going to bash your head in like my intp peers here , ( you guys are assholes , btw ) but just say that , you have survived . i will also say this even though when someone said it to me , i was upset ... 32 . this i know has changed in the last few months . had i answered then , it would probably be under twenty . things change . this reply didn't post soon enough . ;) on a more serious note , i was this way . i decided that waiting for things that i knew would come in time was making me miserable . so i found this bit of ... its not just meee . :) i am also a border istp / intp its actually fantastic . i feel like i get the best of both worlds . there is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will . - epictetus this . it's about being calm and accepting of the present ... https://fbcdn-sphotos-h-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-prn1/1011822_414975588618438_1699830945_n.jpg i am great at eye contact . i always look people in the eyes while listening / speaking with them . i look away occasionally but i make sure they know they have my attention and acknowledgement . the only ... the only sensible way of course ; i go to the door totally nude and smile at the solicitor telling them i am in the middle of abusing my husband to orgasm . i've always been more attracted to other intps than most other types , although i do find myself even fonder of infps in some circumstances . i think from what i've experienced if both intps are ... until about 6th grade , infp / intp . then enfp / entp until about 10th grade then back to intp / istp . strange how things develop . you would never know until an intp catches feels for you . then you have this amazing partner in crime . oh , we have emotions , we just keep them in the closet ( repression ) until they are roaring like wild animals ( extreme highs and lows ) banging at the door to be let out ( expression ) . and sometimes they ... sometimes , people throw up as an emotional response . the reason they use scientist speak is because it is very hard to make everything precise , and science is about precision . using lamens terms doesn't describe well enough so that they aren't sued for ... : 3 i do haz plenty of se ! ! ! i have this invisibility cloak called intp . move to olympia washington . forget portland . it's a bit too big . olympia is perfect for being a bum . there are bums of all shapes and sizes there and the businesses in town are totally friendly to ... i think fear drives people in this context . they ( in most cases ) don't want to believe that someone they knew about could perform such a heinous act . in my opinion , it's probably a subconscious ... i noticed something similar but i never cared to care . congratulations ! and i am sooo sorry , but ... it was better than ' the chicken was involved , the pig was committed . marriage . ---> http://t3.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQE0l5vaFeXma2ZeicwSbtizveBwzHFd47e5_Ii3lvAoEE3LXzqgQ commitment ---> http://www.justsaypictures.com/images/now-thats-commitment-2md0.jpg me - i hate performing other intp friend - performs every thursday night at a bar . and then all the other time too . hi there , we should be friends . ( you decide which type this is . ) we need our hair to be in line with our souls . we all know gingers dont have them . :p '