' the lord of the rings trilogy ( 2001-2003 ) harry potter and the philosopher's stone ( 2001 ) the chamber of secrets ( 2002 ) the prisoner of azkaban ( 2004 ) the goblet of fire ( 2005 ) the order ... kristen stewart and arya stark . i'm cool with it : kitteh : all what i want to do in my life and also things that i do already ; travel around the world , work out in different countries , reading and learning a lot ... vanessa ives infj 616802 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AzlCIS072_Y i find it hard to make friends , even in forums : frustrating : , but people in this place seems very interesting , so i'll do my best to participate ( my native language is spanish ( from spain ) , so it's ... name - what do you preferred to be called ? - eva male / female / trans ? - female location - i live in spain , so i'm sorry if i make mistakes in writing . :p roud : if you could get up and go anywhere ... infp rainy days , reading a book before sleep , hot chocolate , music , one episode of my favourite tv show , watch my dog sleeping ( it's so cute ) i don't know how to say and express my thoughts and ideas , i can write them perfectly , but when i want to say them out loud , i can't express myself well . frodo baggins from the lord of the rings , also chihiro , luna lovegood .. i couldn't pay attention , it was so hard to stay concentrated , most of the time i was daydreaming , drawing , reading .. my grades were bad because i usually didn't study . i didn't participate in ... pink floyd zombie apocalypse or alien invasion ? it helps me know that there are more people like me , with the same experiences . the color purple . i live , i die , i live again . my shyness has decreased over the years , but i still am shy when i'm in a big group with unknown people , and if i don't feel comfortable with these people , even after a while , i won't speak . i have ... you can start over whenever you want to , find out what you love to do , it doesn ´ t matter if you're good at it or not , just do it , it's not gonna be easy but you have follow your heart . i'm not feminine , i've never worn a dress or skirt , no makeup , no hight heels . i always wear jeans and tshirts , i like sports and play videogames , but i'm not masculine either . i think that gender ... dark fantasy . the lord of the rings or harry potter ? misery the 16 personalities website describes me well , i relate to the quote but not everyone understands the drive behind these feelings , and it can lead to isolation , but i also agree with thej . i'm from spain , one of the most extroverted countries . penny dreadful , final season 2 ( spoiler alert ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ewRWfP7ETTg&t=186s i want to travel around de world , do what i love , live without restrictions , and most of the time i will be alone . but i will be the best version of myself . i know people who has always stayed ... the grudge 1 , 2 , 3 . japanese horror movies give me nightmares . not from a movie , it's my favorite tv show ; why people in this world hate what is not them . why they fear all they don't know . why they hate themselves most of all . for being weak . for being ... leonard cohen - in my secret life why do people hate what they don't understand ? i don't like to be on the defensive and respond with anger , it's not worth it . i usually have self-control so i can calm down and analyze the situation , because when people hurts me , i know that ... penny dreadful i just love everything about this show , the characters , the plot , actresses and actors , and the large message . the silmarillion . the case book of sherlock holmes . i feel very identified with everything you said . thank you cicatrixa . i also use that technique , i imagine myself talking to a person and it really helps me , the same with doing hard physical work . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0nmHymgM7Y peculiar isfp .. i think 1 . my dog is the only one who really knows me . 2 . i enjoy spending time by myself , writing , playing videogames , watching series ... 3 . i don't like to tell my goals and dreams to ... losing control of my mind and my life , that's what scares me . once upon a time the walking dead peaky blinders sherlock black mirror i wanna try watching doctor who , but i'm not sure hi kate ! i've always been interested in personality and psychology too , in fact i'm studying to access to the career . welcome to the forum ! vanessa ives and ethan chandler ( penny dreadful ) legolas and gimli ( lotr ) the bfg ( 2016 , steven spielberg ) 10/10 just awesome . the lord of the rings harry potter interstellar the hobbit spirited away i totally agree with missal . i used to feel like you , without a purpose , without goals , but since i forgot about things like money and social pressure , i started trying new things ( sports , hobbies , ... infp = cubone i'm playing civ 6 , path of exile , and the sims 4 : laughing : if you still need people , i'm in 😊 sent from my c6603 using tapatalk hi ! i'm from spain , i'm learning japanese , which language do you think is the most difficult to learn ? '