my girlfriend tells me i can't take a hint , but i think body sign style ones i can , where as maybe just words / text don't often do it for me . physical things i find attractive : really could tell you beyond the basic i like tits / ass which is kinda boring , generic and very sexual focused . face is the thing i notice most and will see the ... i think he just really wanted ice cream , much like i do now ... damn you thread title ! seriously though he took it very literally and told you what he was thinking about . just flat out talking ... apparently in britain the amount of homosexuals was about 2.6 % for each sex in 2000 ... homosexuality is very uncommon as well ? so massive over use of resources , world hunger and places like china / india where everything is packed to the rafters isn't a problem ? we are is for a reason , i'd say . i'd think most ixxx people would not be overly fond of parties . i myself generally don't bother going to them , as it's just awkward if you don't know at least 75 % ... not saying it's the majority or anything by a long shot . just saying it's not like everyone is into sex and it's a 1 in 100,000 shot to find someone who isn't into it at all . we could actually use ... based on what i read , i'd probably talk to you about it at least , probably try being friends again , but that's just me . the tcting her to not be friends seemed kinda cowardly like someone else ... being asexual and having asexual thoughts isn't that uncommon really , don't let tv / media / your feelings fool you into thinking everyone loves sex . my friends are generally from school and online , and some i'd consider more acquaintances from work and through those friends . as for types , i only now my girlfriend is an infp as is one of my ... that title made me lift an eyebrow and come in here ... : shocked : http://www.myersbriggs.org/graphics/estimated_frequency_table.gif interestingly enough the amounts under each type equals up to a total of 100.3 % not me :p i think it's more a combo of standards they're not willing to change at all , combined with their current experiences of relationships . especially those currently single who have had not ... i've always come up as istj , but the percentage can change a bit .. nothing much , and they weren't all the exact same test . i've definitely gone into depressive doom and gloom mode many a times in he past ( all though not so much in recent years ) . as for how to handle it , i can't help . i don't even know what i want to ... oh dear , this is like talking to myself almost . i have similar stats to you , and my girlfriend is infp . she tends to get stressed about things too , and sometimes i struggle to be able to help and ... i'm not prepared or planning to be single all my life . ( hell i'm not even single now ) pretty sure the one i'm with now is the one i want to stick with for the rest of life , so it's definitely not ... i get the feeling it means same personality type to same personality type ? ie istj-istj ? just a quick guess . i'm very skeptical : tongue : surprised to see a lot of doubt on the things , i expected t open this thread and every 2nd post be someone saying they at least thought it was a good chance of being real for most / all of the things ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ocODdKK8Kz4 i haven't got all the answers for you , but a few things stood out to me reading your post . 1 ) you have good looks and therefore can easily get another bf ? no offence , but that made you sound quite ... don't really have any particularly interesting stories about mine , it was fairly ow drama from all i can remember . i'd say i'd give our relationship a 9 . yeah sorry , was doing too many things at once when i replied to be honest , however life itself isn't actually neutral as it always results in your death . there's an example of a negative before ... when did 4chan move to perc ? cauliflower is awesome as far as vegetables go . no way is everything neutral . if i know i'm about to gt punched in the face , it's not neutral . if i know i failed an exam due to seeing a lot of answers in a book after taking it etc , it's not ... not exactly , but there are some foods i've never had and just never want to go near . tofu is the best example . i can't ork out why i dislike it so much , and i've never even seen it in person , but i ... not an infp but anyway ... do you remember your first kiss ? yes , it was only about 7/8 months ago was it a long passionate kiss or a short peck on the lips ? was pretty full on , laying in bed ... i'm more of a horror and comedy watcher , and i also generally don't like movies that are based on books ( see lotr , harry potter and twilight is good examples ) . i find it amazing that i either haven't watched , or don't like , any movie listed in this thread . programming is the only thing i could say i enjoy studying . however only if it's practical ( ie i'm making something from it while learning ) how far ahead do you set your clocks ? i set it to be exactly on time . which do you prefer digital , analog , or other http://img580.imageshack.us/img580/183/onion097.gif digital military or ... i just like being logical and factual , by far the best thing ever . i actually do have a special relationship with them , since i do program . i guess you could say i have a love / hate relationship with them , since when they work i feel satisfied , but all too often i ... without company : - gaming - movies / tv shows - coding with company ( must be a small amount ): - poker - gaming i'm pretty lazy about work outside of an actual paying job . at work , i get on with it and get my stuff done as best and fast as i can , but outside of work , if i had some homework from school / uni ... istj atheist here . you should both feel in love , but not marriage , for me . i also believe in monogamy very strongly . happy new year to all . i myself had a quite one , as here it's either go out getting drunk with my friends or stay at home . i don't find drunks fun to be around , and i no longer drink so staying at ... i just have to say every time i see this thread title i can't help but read ' exes ' as an executable file . i have only briefly been here , and in that time i've spent 90 % of it in this area . i did just take a small journey into infp though , and it's clear they're quite different , just a glance over ... i'm not an infp , but my girlfriend is , hence me reading this section at the moment , and this topic caught my eye . so i went and found the test you were taking . i got : your result for the best ... i don't consider myself a pessimist but a realist . i won't paint a pretty picture of something in my head just to feel better about it , i'll look at it for what it is , even if that often means it's ... to guys : does it matter if your significant other is older or taller than you ? while i've only dated girls younger than me , i don't think it'd be a problem if they were older . as for taller i ... i don't really do good at escaping , i do play games a bit and surf the web a lot , but it's not really for escapism and even if it was it sure as hell doesn't work . if i have a problem it's generally ... current mood : in love and because i am :p roud : generally i look for dark colours , especially black . though i did bring a bit of colour to my look by getting red and white shoelaces ( thanks to my gf finding me some ) and putting them in my very ... 1 . not really , but to a small extent . 2 . no , it took time , and was depressing for some time generally , but overtime i spoke with them less and moved on .