' there are several layers to the pursuit of love . there is a pursuit of sparks - the instant chemistry followed by a one night stand , and the spark dying by morning . swipe right on tinder to ... when i was 19 i hated how shy i was and felt i could never be confident . then when i became 23 , all of a sudden i realized i caught up - i was reasonably as mature as everyone else . then at ... i think an infp with a good head on them will always tend towards increasing sharpness - this intenseness of focus that comes when your si starts to develop . it is fueled by a desire for things to be ... alright . i'm double posting because i reread your argument and i think the crux of it is this issue : what is the goal of human civilization ? the fun thing about this ( from a mental exercise ... hi . thankfully there are holes in your argument . :) source ( s ) ? i think it is a curious statement because se , fe and te should be the most common in an extroverted society . ... i think this sentiment might be related to the fi-si loop - fi observes and predicts the true state of things and si interjects that observation with fantasies of possible negative outcomes ... lately i've been contemplating how much to trust in my futuristic predictions ( feelings of how things will be ) . on the one hand i believe infps have a great predictive sense , especially as it relates ... i have no idea what this means - please explain and give some reasons why developing ne would help ? - - edit - - ok , i think you're implying he just needs to go see the world more . i was that awkward infp growing up and i owe a lot to my entj friend for sticking with me . a couple of pointers from my personal experience : - young infps are driven almost entirely by their ... definitely relate to your pain . the way i think of it nowadays is with more aplomb - it would be unfair to others if we were gifted with both the ability to have awesome ideas and the ability to ... i remember the math class my teacher unveiled that there were multiple infinities . the infinity of integers and the infinity of real numbers are different - they cannot be mapped to each other 1 for ... it took me a long time to realize it but when i take care of people that is my wall to prevent myself from getting close to people . - - there was once a very renowned clockmaker who was known to ... i disagree with one of the rules . rule # 5 should be a two-part rule : no personal attacks and no apologetic statements . an apologetic statement is one that tries to soften the blow or make an ... started out as a dreamer , became an idealist , and now a healer ? growing up te was non existent , so a huge dreamer . ( howww did i make it ? ) then college and beyond forced me to exercise ne a lot ... happiness in the english language is such a shallow , fluffy word , and it's usage as such yields shallow philosophy . in greek there's a lot better words , like : eudaemonia - literally translated ... to add to my last post , fe is the ultimate ability to keep up appearances and never show that you're struggling , to appear to be always fine , always in control , strong , able to control your outward ... ( woops , posted before i saw your last post - sorry if you are already doing this . ) - speak fi , not fe , to him and see if that helps . fe expects social norms and feels that life is not ... one of the classic business books , good to great , also causes me to wonder if we'll be good managers and leaders - i think a lot of the traits of level 5 leaders exhibited in the book are healthy ... i notice that fi is very non threatening which leads to genuine conversation . whereas most people learn how to converse by creating a mask and hiding behind it , fi is most effective at conversation ... i love ukuleles ! can any infp make the claim that playing instruments comes very easily to them ? i'm wondering if cognitive functions influences your hand eye coordination , how fast you pick up ... wow , this helped put to form my recent thoughts . i googled inferior te and this longish article came up - http://personalitycafe.com/infp-articles/76770-recognizing-inferior-function-ifps.html ... in your current perspective there's a clear distinction between what part of you is you and what part of you is not you . your merit-based ideals and goals - that's you . your emotions , your feelings , ... business communication can be doing deals , operations , intelligence , customer service , and a whole host of other areas . it's very different from day to day office talk - it is talk that pushes ... just want to say - it's really hard , good luck . the situation you described ( being intensely aware of your environment yet unable to interact ) sounds torturous . to fake logic , infps have to rely ... two posts about being smart - i hope someone believed in you in the past and you're not suffering from a lack of attention or praise about your capacity . you are a smart , capable , young lady ! believe ... a lot of our positive , most beloved traits are also the source of a lot of our problems . it's similar to the maxim , too much of a good thing , and it implies nothing is universally good in every ... don't feed your emotional needs with fantasies . the emotions we dream about cannot break out of dreams ; they have to be sourced in reality to feed our longing for them . it's not healthy to keep ... in my experience , healing is more in the context of listening and understanding for an infp . in that sense , he doesn't need an infp healer . what he does need though is a better environment to be ... it'll probably come back sometime . if you're into anime , barakamon is a great one for you to kill some time waiting for it to come back . reminded me of this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nlvOrTq4Bes this happened to my entj friend who , even though i thought he was gregariously outgoing and completely an extrovert , claimed he had really clammed up and became an intj . i tend to think the type ... i think a lot of infps will resonate with the writings of watchman nee - a great one to start out with is sit , walk , stand or the normal christian life : sit , walk , stand : the process of ... i find this kind of thread fascinating - how different personalities approach strategy games . i wanted to be great at strategy games ( video games in general ) but i suck at them usually ; so ... i feel this pressure a lot as well . converting potential into realized talent is costly and difficult . sometimes i feel like my potential is locked inside a can and i just don't have a can opener . ... yeah , i would say it depends . there are hr departments that treat people like cattle , and they tend to exist in companies where talent and creativity isn't very much needed . on the other hands , ... emotional soft guys can be considered effeminate in the way they act . if the way you speak has inflections , or your tone is very soft , or you're perceived as too caring , then people can think that ... read her first crime novel ... there's definitely a level of painstaking detail in it that i don't associate with ne . ne is too flighty for that kind of writing ; quite frankly , it was a huge turn off ... i tend to be succinct with summaries but verbose with description . if i'm trying to describe something , i'll add in details that i deem necessary , but others don't really care about . it is one ... there's a distinction between fi , ne and ne , fi : with fi in the driver's seat ( fine ) , fi is like the reasonable , calm ruler with an advisor that wants to realize the grandiose . with ne in the ... 3 pieces of ad - oh , you wrote again ! and it's lovely again ! i think you need us to shout louder than your mom or your teachers . some of us foolhardy infps can engage in shouting matches - here's ... as someone who has dabbled in building ais and am pretty familiar with ai algorithms , i can tell if someone's consideration of ai is with the knowledge of how to build them or not . people without ... thanks for writing ! i love your prose , especially your rhythm . being an infp is really , really hard , especially when young . it's so hard to know what to do with your ideals and the real world ! ! ! ... estps start from too much over the limit and work their way down ( or push everyone up ? i'm just not sure anymore ) . they have high energy all the time and draw you into their playing field , ... i like to think in terms of sensitivity when considering judgment functions ( fi and ti ) . fi is an unconscious and spontaneous evaluation of a situation in terms of how it makes you feel . we don't ... follow the golden rule - treat others how you would like others to treat you . this applies both to everyone - those who offend you and those who are your friends . if you attack other people , you ... well , i tried . social activity is a ' need ' in the sense that food is a need . i guess you could say there are people who don't like eating ( or are really picky eaters ) but they still have to eat even if they don't ... it would help if you think about how others feel as well . how do others feel about your post ? if you can answer this question honestly , you're on the right track . it's funny ... they built the labarinth so that the minotaur could never get out , but we build labarinths so that minotaurs can never get in . in part , my interest in personality theory is a wall ... resolving who's fault it is will help you to understand the situation - and it's probably no one's fault . put mentos and coke together and things explode ; that's just how the world works . in the ... '