' i grew up with this movie - it came out when i was in high school - and i just watched it again today . what is it with all the intuitives ? no , no , no and no . most of the characters were sensor ... i'm pretty sure george v . higgins was an istj . he was my creative writing professor millions of years ago in the early 1990s . what didn't come across in his actual writing definitely came across in ... for the most part , i got along with my classmates in school , which i am beginning to understand is rather unusual for entj females . of course most of my peers in school were in the advanced classes , ... the debate seems to be whether meghan trainor is an esfp ( se-fi-te-ni ) or an esfj ( fe-si-ne-ti ) - complete , polar opposites on the cognitive function list . i think the simplest thing would be to just ... the entp description pretty much applies to entjs , too , except we tend to run for office and volunteer for specific clubs for very opportunistic reasons . at least that's what i was like in high ... wow , you are a hypochondriac . hsp is a ni / se or se / ni thing , and it's generally diagnosed by a professional . it means you're highly attuned to your five senses , you know , extraverted sensing . ... not sure about his tritype , but i'm sure he was an unhealthy type 2 , which behaves like a type 8 , extremely controlling . another possibility could have been type 9 , which becomes type 6 when the ... why 7w8 and not a 6w7 ? the joan was quite the fan of conservative politics and conservative politicians like ronald reagan and the bane of radicals like peta . a 6 would make her much more likely to ... 1 . entj 2 . i must be pretty fast because i do flip the pages on my kindle app every few seconds and i become aware of people watching me do this if i'm in public after a couple minutes . 3 . auditory ... scoei - scoei - global 5 type descriptions touched a little nerve there , did i , my infp friend ? does it bother you that you might have the same mbti type as the evil daydreamer who painted postcards and lived in his own fantasy world as he ... i've never been convinced that hitler was infj . he was definitely a fi user . if you look at his personal obsession , though , it was architecture , and that is more of a hobby that appeals to infps , not ... bruce / caitlyn is an intp . everything about her smacks of the ti-ne-si-fe combination : the political conservatism , the being off in her own world , the general cluelessness about social graces , the ... pink is an 8w7 estj . period . end of story . would you like to know how i came to this conclusion ? first of all , it is pretty common knowledge that she is an 8w7 , and that is a pretty common ... oberyn is a total estj because he is protective of his loved ones and very competitive . he makes a big show of doing things his way , but he is truly a type 6 enneagram and is willing to give his ... agreed . from wikipedia : hoover grew up near the eastern market in washington's capitol hill neighborhood . he attended central high where he sang in the school choir , participated in the reserve ... 1 . the link has apparently changed . i found the quiz at https://quizsocial.com/what-tarot-card-are-you/ 2 . i'm an entj and according to the quiz , i got : what tarot card are you ? you got : the ... i'm not sure if this is the right place to post this , but since there doesn't seem to be an ask an infp thread , i guess this is the place to post questions ? i'm kind of curious what your thoughts ... i haven't really bothered reading all 323 pages of this thread ( in fact , i haven't read any ) , and it's almost three years old , too , so the characters have had more time to develop , so it might be ... omg if you knew the history there might be more truth behind that than you realize ! : sighlol : there's always some ixxj troll who feels compelled to educate everyone with a meme or youtube clip from big bang theory on these threads , isn't there ? have you made the planet a better place by ... one of my entj friends from high school just did a photo op - apparently during a fundraiser for the hospice where she volunteers . it's on facebook and there's a lot of cleavage in the picture with ... admin please delete everything i've seen online about the two being enfj seems to stem from one website online , which probably analyzed the movie characters . i've actually watched both the series in the 1990s and the ... i'm surprised no one's mentioned cyclops or jean grey from the x-men : https://youtu.be/NyVPxQR7G3E another one - my personal favorite ( as you might be able to tell from my avatar ) - is ... so i'm thinking of three different things . 1 . i had a boss ( entj ) years ago who planned a trip to st . maarten with his wife all by himself ( this was normally a chore he delegated to the likes of ... excellent advice . a friend of mine is a neurologist and said there are numerous studies to back up the vitamin d3 thing regarding anxiety and depression . make sure you are using vitamin d3 . it is ... i don't think it was an emotional response , it was that i wanted a reaction out of the other person in the first instance and the in the second situation i do get a certain rush out of destroying ... mod please delete post - duplicate you're probably right ... i also forgot about the hsp skewing the se function . on the other hand ... although the result is the same , my introversion level is jumping all over the place lately . i took ... so i checked my cognitive functions ( i was pretty tired when i took the test , and again , it was not a highly acclaimed test , but one of those online ones ) yesterday , and i seem to be slightly ... i'm going to go with 8w7 . it's close to a toss-up , but i think the 8 is just a little more accurate and i did score higher all around on 8 , 7 and 9 as well even if my highest score was a 5 . so i've been wondering about some things and i suspect i'm te-dom . the thing is , and i know online mbti tests in general are not that reliable , i consistently score around 92 % on the introversion ... so i'm still confused about all this enneagram business . my score comes up a what really ought to be a 5w1 or something , but what seems to be almost a dead tie between 5w4 and 8w7 , but 5w4 seems ... charlotte bronte and j . k . rowling were / are both infjs . i'd bet money on mark twain being an entp , personally . i can't put my finger on exactly why right off the bat , but his style just has that ... my impression is that si is only used when an intj is severely stressed , hence the name devil si . the description above could be applied to something like dwelling on the past or flashbacks ... to my knowledge , they don't bring the pets into the office , but i'm not sure . i think they just have a lot of pictures and talk about them a lot . i could be wrong . i'm not sure what type of place it ... wow , holy dead topic , batman ! i talked to an intj online the other day , who , after numerous grammatical faux pas that i overlooked because of some serious brain issues going on with said person right ... hi . this is really not my situation . i have a friend on facebook with an isfj coworker that she does not like very much . she has filled me in on the office dynamics and they are basic petty bickering ... yes , that was a typo . my left hand isn't working properly lately . sorry about that . they also instigate fights and perpetuate friendships that should have run their course long ago . everything about facebook , especially its pervasiveness in society . all it really is is the same thing as those annoying people who used to hang out at malls and pay you ten dollars to answer a few ... ted bundy was an entp , not any type of xxxj . he was known to be an extrovert who would become despondent in jail if he could not talk to anyone for extended periods of time - it was exactly how ... it's a birth defect . i worked at a toy store when i was in grad school overseas and saw a lot of small kids come and go through the store , including a couple kids with the birth defect . ( their ... since i can't edit my previous post , i decided to add a link on this one . did i mention that i dislike enneagrams ? this sums up much of what i dislike about them . and then there is the fact that they ... like blood diamonds ! this is spot , the adorable puppy i found on vacation in costa rica : 364826 just kidding . i had a betta for a few years , but he died and his picture was on my ipad . my nephew's cat is hiding in ... i've seen the reference online ... i think it's awesome ! we're such a small generation anyway and then 0.8 % of the smallest generation ... 364778 through facebook , i got back in touch with a friend from high school after a number of years . in high school , i was the one who was a little more brassy and obnoxious and she was the one who was a ... i think we both posted at the time , so no one hijacked anyone's thread . ;-) '