' capoeira sounds awesome ! wish we had something like that here :( take care of your knees , knee replacements are a nightmare . i do home health physical therapy and get the horrible task of torturing ... i thought i was the only one who climbed trees and looked for adventure , danced and sang with chores and thought up story plots while driving ! ! ! seriously relieved to not be alone in this ! i do love my estp . we are truly complete opposites in most ways . i think that it keeps us growing and interested . but we for sure still have our moments where we drive each other crazy i did dance and gymnastics for 12-15 years and truly loved it . i wouldn't say i was great at it , but i wasn't awful . telling where i am in space ( proprioception ) has always been my challenge . ... married and 1 child ... not if i could give great advice , but i'm excited about this thread ! i do love my husband , but our marriage always feels like sailing on rough waters :( . not sure of his ... mom : intp dad : entp me : enfp my parents have an awesome relationship . they are also incredibly awesome parents ! i confuse the heck out of them when i actually mention what's important to me ... yesterday a patient of mine said : someone asked me about you the other day . i told them you were very bubbly . they said other people describe you as bubbly ... to be honest i thought you were fake ... oh my goodness ... i did not realize how weak i am ! kitten , rainbows and a sense of humor will always win me over ! loving this lol 1.who am i ? i'm still trying to figure that out ... i'm a mother , wife , and daughter . i motivate and teach people what they are capable of with physical therapy . 2.is there a god ? yes . god is ... i think you should tell him exactly what you just said . logically saving on gas and commute time makes sense , but you can't put a price on sanity and happiness . if he truly cares and you and ... it's settled then . today i chose enfp :) lol . that dang open mindedness habit of mine will most likely have me questioning again tomorrow . i'm most def xnfp . i'm sure of that ! glad to be part of ... i'm not sure if i would rather be enfp or infp . i feel like i understand enfp descriptions better than infp . i don't understand how someone leads with fi ... to me it's a reaction to ne . obviously ... wow ! thank you so much for this ! ! ! that is quite possibly the most detailed and accurate description ive ever read ! ! ! hauntingly so ... thanks again ! ! ! ugg enfp or infp ... will i ever decide ? ? ? i almost always test infp . and was actually professionally tested face to face as an infp . but i think i connect more with enfp ... or maybe with infp ... i ... i'm a home health physical therapist assistant and i love it . i started dancing and gymnastics when i was 3 and stuck with them through college . being aware of body movement is something i've been ... 1 . i know for me i become a tad bit disheveled and tounge tied with people im interested in . but those never seem to last . its the relationships that began as nothing more than friendships with a tad ... i always test either infp or enfp . i connect morewith enfp ... i tend to score slightly higher fi than ne ... but very close . however , i score almost just as high te and than almost nothing in the s ... i agree with averoblivious . unless she can find a personal pupose in what she is trying to learn its just not going to happen . i did awful in school when it came to things that werent meaningful ... my mother ; istj dad : entp an amazing couple and still together but couldn't be more differnt in thought patterns and personality husband : estj and i'm an infp so ... we r pretty different too ... my dad is an entp . he's the greatest guy i know . he's wise , he can read people very well , he's funny and always makes me laugh , but knows how to be serious if i need him to be . he's inspiring and ... i never said that all estjs are the same either . just speaking of my experience with the one i've lived with for the past 8 years . i love that he's everything i'm not . but maybe that's not what ... you didn't understand what i was saying lazybear . i'm very happy in my marriage . and if you thought that my experience seems negative , that is your perception not mine . what i was saying is that at ... i could be wrong , but in my experience there is a reason an estj hasn't responded . this isn't the kind of topic that feels important to them . i remember one time when my husband and i were just ... my husband is estj and i'm infp . we are different in sooo many ways 1 . patience he has none ! exspesially with people . and i have more than the average amount . if someone has 24items in ... i'm an infp and my husband is an estj . it is a difficult relationship sometimes . however , i feel we actually have grown from each other . he's my anchor and i'm his wings ... just don't tell him i ... i'm an infp and i'm married to an estj . no it's not all roses and there are many times i wonder what the crap i was thinkng ! but there's just something there that can't be explained . we seethe world ... awesome advice ! im new to thus forum , and loving it ! just your advice has seriously lifted a weight off my shoulders and helped me breathe ! yall are perceptive for sure ! my husband does kind of model the impatience and self nagativity around her . he and i are extreme opposites . and he does have his very good points , but i suppose ... im a mom and an infp . im hoping for some advice or thoughts from other infp parents or children of infp parents . i have always wanted to be a mom and always felt i that i have so much love and ... im new to this sight and loving it . ive never experienced so many who think like me . although , jay i swear you are reading my thoughts somehow ! i swear i would think the exact same response you ... '