' i love it ! that is something that i have often thought of doing , starting the company , but then teaming up with an entj and let them run the boring stuff , while i sit back and work on the big picture ... i totally agree with you , that you fail to see how it is an s / n divide , and that is pretty much the essence of my whole point . i dunno how many times i have been in a conversation with an s and ... this sounds like a simple case of the s / n gap , ne to an s can seem very much like it is random , completely non-sensical thoughts and because of that can be seen as amusing at times , but can also get ... ni and ne , each on their own are pretty powerful , but put them together ? and wow , crazy stuff gets done . enfp / intj have ne and ni as their dominate functions , pair that with te , which is a forward ... if you mean personality as in a personality type then you would be wrong , it is set in stone , your type is based on your neocortex , the way it is set up and how it works . the foundation of that ... oh yeah , i remember reading this post back when lilysocks first posted it .. i just reread it .. it is interesting for sure , and i'm glad it helped you . :) echoanne has mentioned several times now that she just found out about mbti and personality types 3 weeks ago . so yes , she is a rookie . don't expect her to know everything right away , even if she ... oops , nevermind , it got answered already . :) is that a nicer way of saying we deem the people too stupid and it is therefore not worth it to continue the debate / conversation , so / silent mode on ? :D because i'm sorta with lilysocks with ... echoanne yes , his behavior is going to change , but my guess is that it is because he feels like you understand him better and he can be more real around you . us intjs often have to act in ... many charts like the one linked in the op are just a theory based off of another theory , something put down on paper , but not based off of reality . not all charts are that way , i like the one that ... why would you pay $ 1500 a month in rent ? you could , sure . but at 22 and single , you could get a studio / 1b for $ 750 - $ 900 a month easy , and that is with utilities included . plus it is within ... do you still live in the seattle area ? both , we have all kinds of growth going on right now . sounds like seattle would be the perfect place for you . i live just outside of seattle . we have tons of trees , lots of rain , awesome , but short summers . a good job market , with lots of easy entry ... estp for sure . isis : ah , there we go . there are internal executions for homosexual behavior , and i am basing part of my argument on that . but you are right that most are aimed towards outsiders , mostly that is done ... punniez yes , isis will kill homosexuals in some cases , but not all , there are some pretty easy ways of getting out of it . they mostly operate on a don't ask , don't tell type of system . but ... ummm .. none of the things you just listed are irrational . something is not irrational just because you do not like it , disagree with it or do not understand it . what does one of the estp's titles ' of entrepreneur have to do with the op's post ? oh gosh , i feel like i should know the answer to this question , but i'm coming up with a blank , i mean , i have a ... i think you should go hang out in the estp forums , you will probably find that you get along better with them , well , i don't know if you will get along better , but you will find you have more in ... i was only thinking of going locally ( usa ) but now you got me thinking that i should be looking bigger picture , canada is just a hop and a skip up from me , and wouldn't be too hard to get into and ... are we to assume that the library is the only source for this information ? or are you just talking about original copies of works ? the values of both are dependent on factors not specified and i ... i'm going to have to disagree with you . most people seem to not know for themselves whether they are an introvert or an extrovert , some people know and can figure it out , sure , but i know way too ... dave ramsey rocks ! i wish more people would listen to him , the us economy needs more people being smart with their money , and he breaks it down into such a simple plan , anyone can understand it . :) yes , i started thinking about financial freedom when i was about 7 or 8 years old . i was about 14 when i decided on rental properties as my mode of choice . unfortunately , family issues came up and i ... thank you , i lol'd at this . :) i also agree with it to a certain degree , because most of us have had only a small sample size , and yet , as has been pointed out already , you can get to know people ... i wouldn't consider myself a hardass , but i know that if i feel the need to be , i can easily do it . my 3 younger brothers wanted to play little league , so i told them i would pay for it and train ... if your question is just , ' would i rather work less and make enough money to get by , or work lots more and make a significant amount more ? ' then i would pick the 80 hours a week and 400k a year , it's ... awesome ! congrats to you and your husband . :) my bit of advice for you has to do with your diet , so many women don't realize how much their diet affects the child growing inside them , what you ... now it looks like a young lauren bacall . :) it looks like veronica lake . i just watched the trailer for don't starve and it looks awesome ! thank you for the tip . i must go play it now . :) as another poster said , your first two questions are a bit fuzzy . i think that the answer to both is the same for me personally , how i value people and how they are valued realistically . people are ... i'm sorry you have to keep explaining it , but the need is there because what you are saying does not make logical sense . in your first post that i replied to , you said that the only moral code that ... so if my morals infringe upon yours , are they wrong ? if i take away your freedom to make and follow your own morals , am i the bad guy ? you are saying that i am , but you are saying that i am the bad ... you talk of freedom and rights , but then you turn around and say that your morals about not harming other people trumps all of my morals , so i'm still asking , why ? what gives you the power to say ... wait a minute ... you just said that people should be forced to follow your morals , but not forced to follow any one else's morals . so i gotta ask , why ? why are your morals so important that they ... facing homelessness ? we can't have that now ... i have an extra room in my house , you can stay here while you get things sorted . pm me . you sound very much like a intj to me , as a matter of fact , you sound very much like me and what i went through . it appears you had a need for and so learned how to tap into your esfp animus , which ... eh , what ! ? ! you seem to have a hard time following and understanding the conversation that we are having , so i'm going to take a guess here that english is not your first language ? which is cool , i ... uh , you might want to try again , your second attempt also failed to make sense . i don't think anyone posting in this thread said anything about them being a good spy , they only talked about someone ... your statement doesn't make sense , how would posting in this thread make you arrogant ? and it seemed like just about every type except for estj , esfj and esfp posted in here , so those are the only ... have you tried broadening your search outside of what you tested for ? after reading your posts in this thread , i would lean to infp , isfp or isfj , but that is going off a very small sample . most ... i think any type could make for a good spy , but i think in general , for the 007 type spy , it would be a estp , istp or a intj old movie james bond : estp daniel craig james bond : istp michael ... monemi , normally i read your posts and agree with most of what you say , but on this , i have to disagree .. sleep wise , i think i have gone 3 to 4 days without sleep , another time for a full week i ... i usually mix it up if i can , new restaurant , new items on the menu , unless money is tight , then i hit the dollar menu at a fast food restaurant , or pack a lunch , but if i eat the same thing over and ... would you mind sharing the link of the average household income graph ? i would love to look into that more . thanks ! well said ! money is an enabler , not a disabler . i like that a lot . :) and on a side note : i have used barter and will probably do so in the future ... my brother owns and runs a barter ... i think you are right about money just being a tool , the world economy works on a barter system , and money is just an advanced form of barter . money doesn't put limitations on us , we put ... '