' this is very true for me , i always feel relieved after spending a few hours on an artistic project or a peice of writting . and i had to note , the logical song is one of my favourite songs ... the first thing i learnt about myself when i first discovered mbti was the fact that i'm an f . it came to me as quiet as a surprise because i rarely experience or show emotions other than a strong ... im a p and definetly the journey , because even if the wrong destination is chosen there is always added knowledge and new experience . sometimes the destination is not a choice , doesn't mean that the ... ideally i'd be a therapist and a freelance graphic designer and maybe write a book or two ... in reality , i'm a corporate marionette working to increase my bank account . i analyze the words being said using my logic , then compare that to the analysis of the general feeling using my fi . if it doesn't match then the person is possibly not telling the trueth . multi-tasking is my normal mode of opertating . i am currently viewing 4 different pages , reading 2 different threads , chatting on msn , and suposedly doing my job because im still at work . i ... im an infp and i have light brown eyes . i don't think there is a relationship between eye color and personality type though . almost everyone in my country has some variation of brown eyes .   ... hmmm ... i guess the biggest challenge would be to actually get the relationship started . intps are very unlikely to take the first move so they'd probably just obserrve each other from a distance ... i think it is interesting to note that the way in which different f types approach the para-normal , psuedo-science or the unlogical is not the same . nf types in general seem to be more facinated ... if you can bend your hands the way you do , i'm pretty sure there must be some alien dna in you ... : tongue : haha , it's ok silhouetree , we will still take you with us to our home planet when our mothership arrives . : crazy : wow , interesting result . so we all seem to have pretty similar hands and they are all very beautiful . i guess we found the ideal infp job - hand-modeling ... silhouetree , i think your hand ... the psychic or the idealistic hand http://www.whereincity.com/astrology/images/psychic.gif physical characteristics this is a small and slender hand , characterized by smooth fingers ... very insightful ... i could totally relate to that . hmmm ... i can assure you this post came straight out of my ne , if you think you read it somewhere else , then how do you know that it wasn't stolen from here ? i would like to see a link please ... i tend to have many different personas , depending on the degree of closeness and the kind of person i'm dealing with . it's so relieving to know that there are other people out there who have this ... i guess any type of indirectness is perceived by us nf types as mind games . it basically means that someone is trying to invoke a desired response from another not by directly expressing what they ... ah ! the infp-enfp friendship ... i think your observations are spot on ! i had the same issues with a close enfp friend of mine . i know this is a really long post , but bare with me because i have a ... hypersensitive self-obssesed emotionally unstable innocent quiet nice non-confrontational day dreamer wierdo hopless romantic hmmm ... i think the best strategy at this point is to do nothing . don't intiate anything , wait for him to act . and as you have already seen this might take him a while . i think intps will get even ... hmmm ... this is very interesting insight into the intp mind ... the reason why infps are thier own worst enemy more so than most other types is because of dominanat fi , this means our biggest critic is our own voice and sometimes if that voice is out of ... this statement has a lot of truth in it . i am my worst enemy sometimes . intp says : who knows nobody really needs a sexual partner to satisfy themselves those days , it's not the same but it's satisfactory to a lot of people , who can't hook up crystalview says : ... well , it seems from your description that he is interested in you . but , you have to bare in mind that intps seem to have almost no concept of time and to them two weeks is no different from a day , ... i don't know if the word enemy really exists in the infp dictionary , maybe people we dislike and would rather avoid would be a more appropriate word to use ... but if i had to choose the ... i think that inxp avoiding eye contact has to do with two things : a ) i'v noticed that ne somehow makes people have to look up at the ceiling or into the sky while they are thinking , so i guess if ... ok i've thought about this for a while and i have a proposed hypothesis . now , ps perceptive functions are extroverted ( ne or se ) meaning that they are continously going back and collecting data ... oh thanks treebob , but i might still hold a grudge , but since i'm a p i will change my mind after a while ... well , it's not so much a personal thing . it's not that people don't like me , it's just that in order to get by in this kind of culture you must be a team player , to do that i must be smart about what ... yeah exactly , i think all j types should be considered in this poll . i think different cultures have different degrees of imposing expectations on people . a country which is high on collectivism expects everyone to have a group think while one that is high on ... mom : istj dad : infp brother : isxp maybe we can look at it from a different angle . i think grudge holding might be related to j types , based on the fact that they can be inflexible in thier judgement about others , while p types always ... i think that this kind of conflict is common between inxp and istj . my mom is an istj , i love her but we often get on each other's nerves . i like your analysis , it is very accurate ... thanks ... your avatar is very interesting as well i use my logic a lot for analyzing while i'm calmly speculating , specially in solitude , but in any given situation where my feelings are activated i run the risk of experiencing a mental block , ... enfps are among the hardest to spot . they have an amorphous quality which makes it very difficult to type them even if you have known them for a long time . but if you meet someone who who seems ... im currently an hr coordinator , i'd say that's an istj job because it requires mostly organising , following a schedule , keeping data and filing and other rountine tasks . i guess thats quite the ... hello fellow infp ... welcome to the forum hello and welcome hello and welcome to the forum ... hello and welcome i do enjoy meeting new people , but sometimes i feel anxious and i get really quiet and distant . over the years i've learned to fake interest in people and fake a smile , in order to get by those ... one of my biggest pet-peeves is having some sort of appointment and knowing while i'm getting ready that i will most probably be very late , and being p kind of puts me in this situation alot ... so i ... the very worst thing about infps is that we all seem to be trying to improve or fix ourselves . we get hurt more than anyone when our flaws are pointed out to us because we long to reach an ... hello and welcome ... based on my experience with an sj ( my mom ) i've noticed two things about the sensors that is different , first they are always the ones to stop and literally smell the roses as opposed to us n types ... oh thanx you guys it's a pleasure to meet all of you ... and well i'm not a cannibal or anything and have never actually eaten an intp before but , i'm sure if i were one i would find intps most ... '