that moment a song gets in your playlist and it instantly tucks at your memories , covering you in a layer of emotions made of the most substantial fog available . well singapore is not that big and if she goes there for a holiday there are a few tourist spots she might show up :p roud : you guys do realize this new advice may not be beneficial or apply to the people discussing it 5 years ago : laughing : sometimes the grandest of evenings are the most simple : tranquillity : i remember this interview from him back in 2014 which encapsulate his ideas very well , though i haven't followed him last years so there might be something better and more evolved these days , ... haha i noticed it , seems it isn't on par with the total thanks received somehow . 652170  6521 78 the 1000 thanks mark got reached ! i'm finally at addict level , so finished with perc forever . special thanks to inforjoking for the ultimate thanks . a journey which first started with me mainly ... damn you marv ! reading the header , my mind instantly went ' going to be the best story of the month ' . a fellow 9 snapping , not the least the most laid-back of them all . that was an instant click , ... : hugs : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tXmLRHnoSAs yeaaah super happy vent ! ! ! bad vent : this means staying awake for days to not miss it , welcome back zombie look : mellow : emotions ? : rolleyes : i can walk through a storm without ever noticing any wind though it might be more due enneagram 9 . with practice i got a bit better with it , and i can use some methods to ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P9yHMBAceOA&list=RDP9yHMBAceOA#t=143 picked the game up last time when it was at sale , ah the nostalgia , got to love that feeling of being enveloped in some ... i would quit such a class and go study something interesting , or maybe if the teacher would be nice i might propose some better dilemma's to talk about . : tongue : you mean taj badalandabad ? 1 . i could only watch it for the video , since it brings back memories , and it seemed to remind of nym which i haven't been listening to for some time . though no real emotions did surface from this ... yes of course i know when i die , it is exactly after one lifetime . well it depends on the letting go when it is positive and external forces wedges the relationship apart or whether it's a negative turn of events . when a relationship goes negatively i'm very ... sounds interesting will give it a read in the next coffee break . taking a shower words came forth easier than the lies of politicians and flowed as if they were soaked by honey spoken by the mouth of the greatest of poets . the moment sitting back in my typewriting ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vp-7fIwLdng thank you , life , for giving me so much . she gave me the wandering of my tired feet . with them i've walked cities and puddles valleys and deserts , ... : hug : nerves mean you are doing something exciting and a hunch says intuitively you want to . i don't really see any reason to oppose just a bit of fear so i guess a resounding yes is the answer . why hold ... yes i'm pretty much naturally inclined to cynicism , though i'm not sure how ni does play part in it without further thoughts on that matter . seemingly i'm naturally effective to not let conventional ... we will make it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x6vCJneDw90&index=27&list=RDJO5ei8RMloA rebirth is always after the hurt first of all those descriptions are terrible and unfounded with most things . if you would like to figure it out you have to take a look at the functions and see which fit you best . a quick look at ... i love to cook myself some korean food , already smells so delicious : happy : you basically say exactly you could get rid of your feeling of immortality for a moment . i experienced it quite a bit when being abroad . you are all new and somewhere else with nothing really to hold ... . well said could you tell me bit more about your study about animal totems or have a link , it sound interesting and something i never heard about before . guess it had influence on your username , also welcome to ... i feel like doing something i used to do in the weekends when my roommates were out of the house back to their parents . opening a bottle of wine and listening to some music , so hereby before it ... thank you for trying such a nice thread though it derailed a bit ( like what thread doesn't on the nf side of the forum ) , i think i speak for all us inf men that we know that we are incredibly sexy so ... i was just randomly pondering how it will be to talk grandchildren later about having seen wild elephants , rhino's and giraffes ( giraffes have been added on the red list ) in my days . will i just tell ... the why can be a million different things and that is based on the persons themselves and have not much to do with mbti which can only give a glimpse in the how . in short however it is a too ... well i prefer that i'm able to follow the process of dying , get to understand what is going on and happening when in the process of dying . if i'm then capable returning to this living world i can ... microsoft is dropping bombs everywhere lately , from boring tech to insanely exciting . first with their surface line and now they destroyed the barrier between phones and pc , in 1-2 years having a ... congratulations on your beer for finally getting the recognition it deserves , always have been proud sponsor of such a fine cultural taste . don't worry life never goes astray hereby you are notified that your sentence is extended to 28hrs and when your fail any part of your genetics semester you are to be posting a post of you singing a christmas carol . it is sad for the world that it is such a rarity , you look beautiful madame . you are hereby banned from this forum for 24hrs , we will neither thank you nor quote you anymore from this point forward , and whenever we catch you taking a peek we will extend the banishment . go ... haha well leidseplein is probably the most famous together with rembrandtplein and museumplein in amsterdam , though there are thousands of locations called ___plein in the netherlands . but the ... my last evening with no christmas songs in public , tomorrow the change will start from sinterklaas to christmas . i'm ready to survive another year : th_jttesur : mizz don't follow the tests blindly make sure to check the functions and compare those , i tested infp sometimes but clearly infj by the function stack . also i don't think it is typical traits of ... i can agree with igor completely i need to be away from the situation to suddenly realize the person might be flirting with , the same way the other way around . sometimes i notice myself being sort ... aapprriill you did also a magnificent job , you really match your avatar as well , and as beautiful as always . i thought they were supposed to be lemmings though they don't look their part , but yeah i'm okay had a nice day , just needed to get rid of some disappointment and frustrations of the day . waaah ! ! ! : lemmings_by_mirz 123 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JO5ei8RMloA beautiful sunrise moving like high tide watching with strange eyes looking for white lies see it from all sides , searching for more time in the ...