the enfp te bitch slap revealed this has happened to me only once or twice in my life ... ... you can't decide which load of laundry you want to do first ... and this has prevented you from doing it all week . the waterboys - the whole of the moon https://youtu.be/pu7AR0-FRro and suddenly you made this thread interesting ... ( like tequila , intx make my clothes fall off ) of course i enjoy it ! it is a hard job , of sorts , but i get to use my people skills on all the lovely intx's , charm them with my smile and flashes of incredible wit 😁 joking aside , it is nice to ... * snirf * to my feeling , that was exactly how it happened . i'm laughing so much right now , you made my day 😂 i haven't packed it in completely , because i'm still ever the optimist , so unless he asks ... fool for love ... it took me a long time , but i'm definitely getting there . finally found the courage to approach someone and i don't think it's going to work out . not knowing how to do the whole ' i ... hehehe , tbh , i prefer intp 😋 ( and i smiled when i read it , so it's funny , my dear ) fun and work don't necessarily cancel each other out . i'm a planner ( of training courses in a specific area ) , ... ... met another enfp last night . first one out in the wild . tested and everything . that feel of just launching into a conversation and the other person being able to keep up / not be weirded out ... ... ... finally found the courage to tell someone i wouldn't mind if we had a drink , maybe , sometime , if agreeable . then ran into the toilet cubicle without waiting for a reply and hid there until he was ... i'm disgustingly optimistic . although i worry a lot and things may not work out as i planned them , i inadvertently always see the bright side as well . as i become older i've noticed i'm less and ... basically everything dug said , except for the television bit . i genuinely wouldn't have thought twice about watching those shows on my own , _because_ we are friends . i can actually watch the show and ... i support both the posts below . plus , you are asking people who are known to be reticent about their innermost feelings what makes them them ... ( i will drown you in a deluge of words on any ... yes , this is why i am now gearing up to ' confront ' the interest of my desires , as i'm getting a bit fed up with myself ... this does take massive amounts of courage and also an incredible amount of ... eeks yes , rejection thingy ! also often , because of the two-minds thingy : surely i must be misinterpreting and he can't really be into me . wait , i'm awesome , he so can be into me . nah , what am i ... nothing as heavy as engagement , but yes , a mutual agreement to a monogamous relationship . uncommitted wouldn't have been an option , we discussed this and we both prefer mutually exclusive dating :) . ... intonyp pushed him into commitment :) ugh , this is so difficult to explain ... i didn't seduce him to get him to commit to me , but i was interested in more than his body . i went into it not very ... golly , i just realised i have dated an intp before . it took me six months to get the point across and in the end i seduced him very clearly . ( there are other pointers that he was / is an intp of ... ok , and this ... mistakes are not an option :/ islandlight thank you :) . this is very helpful . ( btw , being propositioned during a dance ... i would have freaked tbh ... ) i'm already singling him out way more than i did before ; engaging him in ... and i am being serious as well . if you scroll down a bit you seen my initial question . i felt silly posting it ( hell , i felt silly asking it irl in the first place ) . it seems now we are down to ... ok , i feel uncomfortable reading this 😱 i'm not good at handling all of the above , even if it's just on a fictional television show ... yikes . so as i see it now , even my ' do you mind me flirting with you ' is not direct enough as he might think i _only_ want to flirt with him , whilst i would love to have that cup of coffee and ... i can only speak for myself of course , but when you are my friend , i care . a lot . and there's this bit of me ( bear with me , because i'm getting esoterical ) that wants you to feel good about yourself ... reverse problem : i'm a flirt . especially when i'm in my i-love-life phase . i don't do it on purpose , most of the time i don't know that i'm doing it until i get some unexpected reactions . for me ... i find that as i'm getting a bit older ( 40 this year ) i finally can get my fomo ( cleans both your teeth and clothes ! get it while you can ! ) under control a bit more . yes , great things are ... it's such a habit that it's not even funny ... anything to deflect attention from the subject at hand , especially if it concerns my private feelings / thoughts or , yes , the dreaded ... ooohhh , i do that too . even when i can see it coming five minutes up ahead ... i mostly get embarrassed about stuff in hindsight . as in ' i didn't just say / do that , did i ? oh , i did ... again . just ... hi ! enfp here , just dropping by for some casual advice ... i'm really into this intp . i've been noticing him for some time now and he is intelligent , sexy and so on and so forth . he stares at me ... 492161i absolutely adore dancing ! together with reading it's my main hobby . i moved house for it , i travel for it . it's the bestuf 60d i dance lindy hop , balboa and slowbal uf60a ... have had my heart broken last week , so at this moment i don't know how to deal with all the hurt , whilst consecutively knowing that the future is now exciting and full of amazing possibilities ... and i meant this as a reply to an earlier post ... having been absent for three years , i haven't quite got the hang of the mobile site apparently : grin : free food ! ! i luvs free food . i tend to ... http://youtu.be/Bpzxf_flm8M yes , definitely . the annoying thing is that i almost crave the pressure ... i love traveling alone ! i have a three-week hiking holiday each year ; just me and my backpack . although i don't go ... definitely lust ... but that could be because i haven't gotten any for quite some time : laughing : am back after a year and a half's absence ... :p roud : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gJca07HLqw0 yes , this ! ! ! i already have a job ... i do this because i love to do this and i love the surprise and fun people have when i give them something unexpected . selling it also will mean i have to produce ... ... you turn out to be quite good at the crochet thing , but now feel more and more insulted as people keep suggesting you should sell your produce instead of giving it away ... people don't ... ... you just wrote a manual on yourself for your so ... it's great ! ! i now know more about pilots ( the maritime kind ) then i ever deemed possible and i get to decide their career path . oh the power , muahahahahaha ... ahum ... but really , they keep ... my neighbour scraping his throat and then spitting ... on a regular basis ... while he is on the phone with what sounds like a love-interest . : frustrating : you know you are enfp when it turns out your intuition was screaming at you for a reason :d ry : you know you are intj when you can keep a gigantic skeleton in the closet for that long and keep ... ... have just discovered that my credit card was swiped : shocked :: sad :: crying : synchronised giggling anyone ? ? 43443 well , i'm up for the recreational scolding and cross-country posing for sure ... but can't choose between handcuffed hurdles , sheet tug-of-war or modern ... the tormented sighs of the woman who is supposed to take over part of my job : frustrating : omg .. we so have a rdj lookalike following one of our courses at the moment : shocked : and i can't post a picture because that would be unethical ... : blushed : but ... the greying hair , the warm ... cream to-the-knee dress with cut-out accents marked in bronze at the hem . cream half-sleeve cardigan with a big cream flower attached on the front , leather sandals ... because summer has arrived at ... ' do you walk around with your eyes closed ? ? ' ' you never leave the house , do you ... ' in this case because i took the so right across town to have his photos taken , because i was convinced there ... we're not worthy : shocked :