' https://youtu.be/2zLhMUApgqs tornado ripped through my house and i got sucked up and became a projectile . for a female , raven . for male , noah . what is the best alcoholic beverage you've tried ? if you were at a liquor store right now what would you be buying ? i lost all my friends when i got sober years ago . never made any new friends . i'm completely alone and content with it . i do chat with my coworkers , but we don't hang out or anything . xstj ( ? ) enfp infp entp i've been told in middle school i look like a mountain llama . : i have a cousin about a month younger than me and we were practically raised together in our infancies . we both turned out istp . interesting ... and i want a bong ( for damiana and skullcap ) . dear stacy's mom , you've got it going on . bees are awesome and very important . every now and then i think about becoming an urban beekeeper yup , more men with female avatars def . i think my avatar is a pissed off mama bear fwiw ( could be wrong i'm no expert ) a coworker kept asking me about his hair . i said i don't give a flying fuck about his hair . i was with my extended family while another person rang . nobody picked up the phone because they didn't ... all people are fucked up . but i guess generally sps and entps are cool . not a fan of sfjs and nfs . but like everyone else said it depends on the individual my cat i wish people would know what the fuck they're talking about before giving me advice . thanks for the speedy response . right now i've got a good living situation with my grandma ( yes , in the usa ) . how do i figure out what my ideal work / major would be ? when i graduated high school i ... alanis morissette - ironic i wholeheartedly hate that song with a passion . 2nd one , you look more happy and friendly and aviators are cool i wish i did more weed and less meth and stuck with playing softball throughout high school ( and possibly into college ? ? ) in high school i did really well in stem subjects . went to college to major in math but developed bipolar disorder / manic depression and got addicted to drugs . got hospitalized for drug induced ... it's empty right now . when i go out i put my phone , keys , and wallet in there , that's if i don't have pockets . if i have pockets big enough for my wallet and phone i don't use the purse . ( istp ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wQMXBvFMmGc you know you're an istp when you keep being called a smart ass , and you keep saying it's better than being a dumbass . i have an addiction , but i'm sure it's not true of all istps . i've never gotten a speeding ticket despite being a bit of a speed demon ; i keep my eyes out for cops and slow down when in their sight . the cops in my town are dicks though , and i know people who ... dear entp boyfriend , thank you for not being bothered by the fact we haven't talked since thanksgiving . i think this is the best relationship i've had in my life . sincerely , istp . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HCBPmxiVMKk this is the one of the greatest music videos . very creative doesn't like going to raves . go to bed at midnight and wake up around 9 control freaks i've been dating my so for 3 months now but have been friends with him for over 5 years . i believe he is an entp . lizards no . i made a facebook and used it for like two days and it's fucking stupid . i got shitfaced at a park at like 2am and tried playing on the jungle gym and ended up breaking my arm somehow . a bit fuzzy on the details i think i tried standing on the monkey bars . the group i was ... quality time and acts of service were tied for first , but i think i favor quality time over acts of service . third was physical touch , fourth was receiving gifts and last was words of affirmation . i wish i were a cactus . i'm really not cut out to be a human . i had a dream i used meth with a bear . my sponsor was there as a cherub and was very disappointed that i relapsed and the bear mauled me and i died . as a recovering addict i have a lot of really ... today i wrote freddie is a burger butt on freddie's folder . he told our teacher and i had to have lunch in the detention room . screw you freddie . nope . istp here and when i was younger i used to have homicidal rages when other people chew loudly or snore . even now i can't sleep around snorers and i can't eat around other people unless i have ... today my mom forgot to pick me up from kindergarten ... again ... oh well , at least i get to play on the playground some more ! i'd go heliskiing , base jumping , sky diving , white water rafting , visit antarctica , and hike a bunch of cool places like yosemite and the inca trail you can't tell me what i can and can't do dear infp ( ? ) , your irrationality amazes me . i cannot believe you . you're incredibly unhealthy and if you're going to continue to act in this way then i can't be around you . i can't deal with you ... door to door sales rep was the worst job i've ever had . fast food like mcdonalds i would imagine . i've been thinking about this a lot and the only thing i can think of that scares me is not finding something to do with my life / being stuck where i am at . complaining about politicians social media reality tv shows fashion https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OCzQDOWigHU as title says ^ i'm fine with just 4-5 hours / night . '