' physical aggression : 0.31 verbal aggression : 0.30 hostility : 0.38 anger : 0.18 my current addiction is paladins ... there's several other games i have that i wanna play but i just always end up playing it . : frustrating : basically my ideal future ... finally getting to be with my long-distance boyfriend in person , actually making friends in college , moving out from my mom's house and becoming independent , etc . i talk to my cats all the time . : kitteh : they know when i'm talking to them because i tend to speak to them in a higher-pitched voice , and they respond by rubbing on me or meowing back . and this ... my mind blanks out on words all the time , so if i'm writing i end up using thesaurus.com quite often just to come up with these words i can't quite think of . however if i'm speaking i end up ... my boyfriend my family painkillers ( for stupid period cramps ) cats spotify the possibility of bad things happening to my loved ones really scares me , almost too much for me to even write it out . :d read : if that's what you want to do , then go for it . : happy : maybe you could start off with only shaving one side just to see how that would look , then shave the other side if you still want ? blah and blaher i'm pretty good at it , and i like it sometimes , but it gets tedious . phantaspark please : kitteh : i hate when people yell with anger . : sad : i used to hate talking on the phone , but i've been liking it better . for some reason texting / emailing has become more difficult for me lately and i end up spending way too much time agonizing over ... i'm currently 20 , but because of my short stature and babyish face , people tend to think i'm around 4 years younger than i really am . although more recently there was a couple times where i actually ... not doing my homework , talking back , neglecting to do my chores , fighting with my siblings , and forgetting to lock the front door when i left for the bus . i don't like icebreakers because you always have to say something about yourself and it takes me forever to think of something to say . and people seem to act only friendly within the context of the ... sorry , but i don't actually exist . or at least i like pretending that i don't . i like to cuddle with my cats . and i'm assuming i would like cuddling with my partner if i ever got one . at some times when i was younger , it could've seemed like i was an extrovert when i was interacting with my friends , but i was still definitely an introvert . i am very slow at doing pretty much anything . this post itself is taking like 10 minutes to write . i can't just sit down and come out with a fluid thought . sometimes i can write faster when i'm ... zucchini cupcakes i think imma go with nostrils on this one . or the outsides of them , at least . just do it ! ! ! i started visiting colleges in late junior year . although , i first visited my current college the summer right before i started attending . what if they never left , but perc decided to turn all of their new posts invisible to everyone else , and they just keep posting and posting and wondering why nobody ever notices them ? i take my shoes off at home . pretty much the only reason i'd keep my shoes on inside is if i'm going right back outside and don't feel like taking my shoes off and on again . or , in the event that i ... i really like this one . it took me a while to realize that the cape thing is blending into the background . it looks awesome . psh , i don't need ' friends ' . i guess i'll come back when i have more posts ... : crushed : haven't left my home country ( murica ) , but i've been to 13 different states . does that count ? listener intp 4w5 1 . intelligence of an ape or a dolphin , to help fill in the gaps in my human intelligence 2 . barn owl wings so i can fly and be silent about it , plus they're gorgeous 3 . gills so i can breathe ... i probably would've gotten into soccer like my brother did , instead of taking dance lessons . and i wouldn't've been able to go to an all-girls school , obviously . i'd say intp . i think that your tendency of not being able to understand others suggests thinking . feelers are generally able to relate to other people better . in regards to hiding your ... i just wanna say that that didn't feel like a wall of text ; i actually got quite absorbed into your story . : kitteh : omg ! i just realized that i have a blood dihydrogen monoxide content of 92 % ! what should i do ? ? i just hang out with my family and eat cake . maybe go out to one of my favorite restaurants with them . i don't think it's possible to truly change your type , but i think this would be an interesting experiment . is it possible to train yourself to behave in a way that makes you indistinguishable from ... two hunters are out in the woods when one of them collapses . he doesn't seem to be breathing and his eyes are glazed . the other guy whips out his phone and calls the emergency services . he gasps , ... yes . i love staying up late because everyone else is sleeping so they won't bother me . also , my body tends to run on a 25 - hour schedule , meaning i tend to go to bed an hour later than i did the ... i played it quite a bit several years ago , but i gradually got bored of it . i hate when people complain to me about some problem of theirs as if i have the power to do something about it . especially when i try to give them advice about it , and they don't really listen to ... i think it would be cool to have a medium-smallish feline like a lynx or something . http://culturalcat.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/pkdwithcat-500x630.jpg sitting in front of the computer for hours on end without getting up to eat whatever meal i was supposed to be eating at that time . i'm either just too intensely focused on a certain task , or i just ... welp , looks like i accidentally stayed up until 5:30 am today . i think that's a new record . so i think i should go to bed now . the sun has already started to rise again . good night . or good ... i am fairly ticklish . 5 ' - 1 ( well it's more like 5 ' -1/2 but that's what it says on my driver's license :p ) 125-130 lbs . i do this all the time with people i'm close to . other people i give them normal compliments even though it's more mentally painful for me to do it that way . i feel like sometimes people can hear ... what do you mean by if ? '