' good to know ! thanks :-) but but but ... i can't hug both my cows at the same time ! my arms are too short :-( :-) welcome to the club ooo i love your list . i haven't seen wargames but the rest of the movies rock ! ! i love star trek insurrection . and meet me in st . louis . i'm a huge judy fan . also seven brides for seven brothers . has anyone read pillars of the earth , and seen the mini-series ? can i get your opinion on both ? i've read pillars multiple times , and love it . its my favourite book of all time . but i was ... walking . my balance is horrible , i walk into things all the time . and i always forget my age . which makes me sound old and like i have memory problems , but i'm only ... carry the 1 ... uh ... well , my legal first name which i don't use , and definitely do not like , was my mothers choice . it was the 70 ' s and she named be after a character in a latino song , which is odd , considering i am as ... that i'm a good listener , and that i look 26 xd iced mocha at starbucks . what if ... ifs and buts were candy and nuts ? some people are afraid of what is different from themselves , but others honestly believe they are better than others . some because of hardships their ancestors have gone through , and so feel being ... lmao ! ! that article is the stupidest thing i ever read . i'm not on facebook because i'm not interested enough in peoples everyday ramblings about how often they go to the bathroom , and what ... i will remember you - sarah mclachlan i can totally relate to this . i'm 5 ' 10 and 160 lbs . i always get comments about how skinny i am but its all about proportion . i'm not tiny . but sometimes in my head i feel like i am . i have ... same :-) doesn't apply to every tall skinny caucasian guy , but the general area is right . i think that's reasonable to believe . around people i know , i'm a total chatterbox and a social butterfly , but if i'm around someone i don't know how to read , or that i'm unsure about , then i tend to ... lol ! ! ! that was awesome . i've only been with one partner . and i didn't sleep with him until after we were married . haven't been with anyone since i've been divorced . i wouldn't look down at all ... lol ! ! i've heard that one before , but the part about the vaseline is new lmao . ew i can totally picture it now ... xp a woman accompanies her husband to the doctor's office . after his checkup , ... that is what i do as well . it helps me to get a really good playlist on my mp3 player or phone too :) also if you have any artistic inclinations , i got bored one weekend when i was grounded ( and ... could you give us an idea of what you want to express ? i was very disappointed with the mini series made of pillars of the earth . they had an underlying implication of an incestious realtionship between one of the main villians and his mother . they ... ahahaha ! ya well , that ain't gonna happen ... thank you ! i'm actually quite good at grasping the obvious . its one of my more admirable traits . a testicle ! ! oh . was that supposed to be rhetorical ? ahhh . well , to each his own . if we were all the same , the world would be a pretty boring place . i just got midnight blue myself . its a navy with a purple shine and little blue sparkles . and i got a flower painted on ;-) just out of curiosity , how many think the girls took their number so they could get rid of them and then block them lol honestly if the guy from the first vid ever approached me , and tried that ... what colours do you prefer ? ( if your a guy , and you don't paint your own nails , is there a colour you like to see on women ? ) i love that movie . we did a reenactment of one of the songs once . i think it was the one where they were comparing themselves to lonely farm animals lol the stoning of soraya m . - based on a true story . bob was in trouble . he forgot his wedding anniversary . his wife was really pissed . she told him tomorrow morning , i expect to find a gift in the driveway that goes from 0 to 200 in 6 seconds ... they answer - - its complicated in response to a simple question . ( thank you . that doesn't answer a thing ... except that you don't want to answer my question . ) ha ! ! i do that all the time . and i like the idea of getting extra food out of a restaurant by plucking a hair ... confession : being tickled turns me on . at the moment , i am relaxing and listening to the cicadas a few birds and a couple of squirrels . while watching drop dead diva . however if you are into sexy , easy listening music , with a rougher ... it was this part of the description that i really felt was describing me : enfj's tend to be more reserved about exposing themselves than other extraverted types . although they may have ... hey ! i'm new too . look forward to getting to know you :p roud : i said no to drugs , but they just wouldn't listen . if you can stay calm while all around you is chaos , then you probably haven't completely understood the situation . i'm not an istj - but this made me laugh . some people are like slinkies ... not really good for anything , but you can't help smiling when you see one tumble down the stairs thanks ! i looked into both , and i feel like i may relate more to enfj . nope . i'm not sure of anything . that was just the latest results from the last time i took the quiz . so i should probably remove that . so i've kind of been typed but it seems to change , or there are too many discrepancies . so i need some help . i was told to fill this out and post it . feel free to ask any additional questions . i ... i think the idea of wearing the white with a coloured cardigan would work out really well . its a summer wedding , so it will be nice and light for the pictures . i had a t-shirt with this on it ! ! i've never wanted to be a specific superhero , but i have wanted to have specific super-powers , from the x-men mostly . i would most like to have dr . jean greys telepathic abilities , and a few other ... i still love arthur by marc brown . i would love to live in that town :) and the house always looks so cheerful , and cozy . i eat soda crackers with ketchup . micheal scofield ! ! prison break . he's hot and my current obsession . but tomahome from the mysterious play is running a close second . i don't understand designers . its as if they flunked anatomy . - - erma bombeck '