' so you're saying i shouldn't learn discipline and accept being lazy : unsure : i feel as though i could accomplish so much more if only i had the work ethic to actually * do * the things i think about . it's something that's been bothering me a bit lately , i know i could ... mom : infj dad : enfp ( bipolar ) i don't really get along with any of them . entp ... you just * ooze * entp . http://farm2.static.flickr.com/1316/1436119560_8db1fc3bd7_o.jpg mhmmm ... sexxx : blushed : http://images.starpulse.com/Photos/pv/Gerard%20Butler-5.jpg * sigh * i was watching bounty hunter ... when your science teacher asks a question and you give the most straightforward answer and your teacher says its wrong only to go off on a lecture which is essentially is exactly what you said . ... mom : infj dad : enfp ( he's bipolar though so maybe it's inaccurate ) . older brother : infp younger brother : intj ( could be off since he's autistic ) younger brother : entp or enfj ( those are the two ... am i the only person here who would be comfortable in a pair of sweats and a t-shirt ? it's hell to get me in a dress and heels , well it used to be hell to get me in a dress until the maxi dress came ... sowwy ! : laughing : every guy i've been really attractive too was an istp . so i'd love to be in a relationship with one , however all the istps i've been attracted to have been inaccessible ( too old , has a ... thank you , that's a very mature way to put it . i have friends from all sorts of religious denominations and whenever the hardcore atheists and theists butt heads i always tell them that neither group ... usually whenever my ne gets out of control it's usually due to a negative emotion . if i'm awaiting a punishment or i'm feeling guilty ( haha rarely ever ) my ne into chaos mode and i imagine all sorts ... yeap if you read it and understand arabic it's even more beautiful . it really annoys me when i read the english translation and words and meanings get lost in translation . haha at least you aren't attacking me for it . most people assume that if i'm muslim i must be oppressed or ignorant or both . oh and they bring up verses in the quran and try and get a rise out of me . the one in the middle is actually an isfj ^ _ ^ well i'm a muslim . ^ ^ i got my permit w00t ! i find it so funny how i hardly studied for it and my aunt and brother studied their butts off the last week and i was the only one who passed ! ! ! * insert victory dance * ... you know you're an entp when your teachers love you for your quick wit at the beginning of the semester and towards the end they establish a love-hate relationship with you because of your ... i know the types for all girls in the picture ( myself included ) . http://photos-h.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-snc3/hs106.snc3/15351_338993270206_597195206_9700078_7600856_n.jpg here are individual ... haha sorry if i'm crashing the thread but one of my best friends is an istj : tongue : nobody really gets why we are friends , until they really see us in action . apparently we're the monica and ... i realized a few days ago , that i can really control people if i wanted . i have an older brother who is an infp who if i present things to in a seemingly logical way , he'll totally believe me and do ... hey i found you funny ... but only because your desire to stop my diabolical plan was hilarious . ^ __ ^ pfft i'm sure that one day a wacky entp will invent a machine like that . we are inventors afterall . i suppose we should keep the infjs instead of the intjs ... i'm sure they wouldn't question us . oh ... we can still be friends ! i said you were desperate but not that desperate wasn't my type haha : laughing : desperate is more like it ;) this has emo written all over it . but then again infp has emo written all over it : ) i actually do give thought to how i want to do . i know i want to be remembered , i want to do something that ... according to the bible : urban dictionary : m00m color : i really don't have one , it switches all the time , right now it's orange . tomorrow it could be purple . planet : uranus ;) and if you could be what animal what would it be : hyenas are ... i can never lose when i'm wearing it ! oh that i'm amazing attractive ? i already knew that ^ _ ^ we're just that irresistible . one of my closest friends is an estp . at first we look eerily alike , we're both extremely goofy and outgoing . but you'd have to watch us a little closer to tell the difference . for example , in middle ... pfft entp > enfp ^ _ ^ we're like you ... only better ! oh ! i just discovered this little thingy ( ok so i stole it from someone else's post so sue me ) name ? ikram ( it's supposed to mean honorable in arabic ... my mom sucks at naming things / people / pets ) ... hi y'all ! i'm really terrible with first impressions ... i feel all jittery and i talk to much and get way off topic but i'll try to contain myself ( and my run on sentences ! ) . i'm 16 years old , ... i don't like it when others bash my ideas without really hearing them out . just assuming that something is wrong without really thinking about it infuriates me and then ... and only then will i really ... '