' i'm equally interested in ghosts as i am with any theory which is unsupported by evidence . you can get my interest for at least a couple of seconds . india patents office rejects bayer appeal against cheaper version of its cancer drug - the washington post yes . please more news like that . it's so hard to accept that some progress need to wait . i'm in the situation right now of being a 25 year old who has a lot of projects but is forced for academic reasons to spend 6 months in a ... all that is te . you're actually interacting with objective elements of what you have to study : the text , the information , what you need to know and what you may be asked . you let your objective come ... maybe you feel like that because you've used mainly te methods of learning - so you don't get drained . i'd suggest you try to get such an understanding of what you're trying to learn that you ... nooo ! suicide is never the answer ! ;) sorry , it's just the first thing i imagined from your post . mind elaborating ? you can certainly ask . once . and take the answer he gives instead of asking a thousand questions and become self-conscious . it means sorry i'm driving like that , the baby's mother's making me . bad example because appropriate hiv treatment basically brings the risk of transmission to zero . other than that , i understand your point against competition for ressources and it is indeed better ... without tackling the specific topic discussed ( due to lack of interest and consequently knowledge regarding diet ): proof and theory are two different things . in sciences , and especially clinical ... if you interpret it as something essential to live a meaningful life , you're clearly misinterpreting mbti . ;) take a break in real life and get back to it later . honestly that part really depends on him . we're not fjs ; i mean that we don't have an mental image of what someone should or shouldn't be like as a so . and i know that i'm quite bad at foreseeing ... thelaughingman's post was great . for question 6 : you don't make him fall for you at that point . this would be a legitimate question if you wanted to get his attention , but since you're actually ... me : entj 6w7 righ hand : esfp 7w8 i think te makes someone honest by default . basically , we've got powerful processes going on to find out the answer to something efficiently . if i want to be dishonest , i need a lot more brain-power ... i don't have static opinions about abstract concepts , and free market capitalism is abstract as fuck . i think people wanting something is what gives it value , but i don't believe free market is ... dear intp colleague i was finally able to type , you're one of the people i like talking to the most . i'm used to people taking my unconventional ideas as jokes , but you make me do what i like the ... i think i am . i don't quite get what the phrase post modern fear-reactions mean , but there is data to support the link between ( at least in the us ) conservatism and amygdala-reaction ( i . e . aversive ... worth lessemo what i meant by anarchist-conspiracy theorists is people who believe there is an anarchist conspiracy or something like that . they don't have a reasonable basis for their belief . they ... if you get rich and keep that attitude , people will abuse you and you will still believe you're the one profiting from them . you're a con man's wet dream . that's the only way i've found to deal with non informed pessimists : defend the opposite thesis with equal or superior energy . of course historical tendencies are neither prescriptive nor divination ... well then . if you think the best way to power is money , you're severely limiting your potential for power . money can only buy what is for sale and makes everything a zero-sum game . the ability to ... penguin i'm not sure what you think power is . alright , i'll play . :) feeling like you have an outstanding memory doesn't make it true , and feeling like you don't have it doesn't make it disappear . that's my experience that si dominants can ... yes , this is what is called the american dreamtm . ellis bell the whole self-conscious side the op shows using fe seems to disqualify it as a primary function . when in a potentially uncomfortable social situation , an fe-dominant will find the ... i actually find it nice that we disagree . i've got time for discussion today . :) the mention of minutes comes from the op's answer to the questions themselves : he does mention a few minutes ... i don't feel so good about the comparison between psychology theory and the wisdom of priests who lived 3000 years ago . ;) acerbusvenator since your post is very great i'd only like to point something regarding the description of intuition ( ne vs ni ) . i would avoid put in the with people part , it feeds a common ... it's nice how everyone completely disagrees . nighti i disagree strongly on the te part . investigating a problem a couple of minutes before realizing you're not qualified is not te . te needs a ... meowww you're an extrovert , but more than that : you seem to be running away from introspection and subjective discomfort ( i . e . boredom ) . you might be an entp who's afraid to connect with herself ... i understand from it that you're afraid if you change how you think and how you feel , if your values get different , you won't be yourself anymore . so you want someone to recall stuff you said and ... that's interesting . i did get to the same conclusion regarding functions - but the si of the beginning didn't get much place afterwards , and ne showed a lot in the way he answered the questions . he ... presentations . i like how seasoned profesionals remember me by my presentations ; i like it even more that everyone gets out of my presentation thinking and unsure of which one was the most ... according to this : household income in the united states - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia i expect a salary in the top 1.5 % of american households as a single 30 year-old after my debts are ... i'm a doctor . honestly , it hit hard when i started my internship . i was like why the hell aren't they satisfied of what i do ? they did not tell me i had made any mistake ! until i understood that somehow people ... money is something i'm not interesting in . that's probably because i'm assured to be part of the 1 % by my academic success only , so i find thinking about money boring . now , what i'm not sure of ... for myself , i think i'd need a feeler , oddly enough . due to my career path , i have spent an enormous amount of energy thinking about people in general , and everything social is important to me : ... this is a surprising answer to a vague question . would you clarify what kind of success you're talking about and how revenge can motivate you ? that would allow us to infer what you're looking for in ... i think i have a lot less internal dialogue than many other people . i worry about almost nothing and i don't think much before i make a decision . i just know where i'm getting at . when i do have to ... i see that so much in people . i can't question what my mom tells me , she gave me life ! and such . imo , calling someone's bullshit is a mark of respect in addition to be necessary to be an autonomous ... actually the whole world is getting less and less violent . this is a continuing tendency of the last 3000 years . an aspect of non-violence is that it comes with non-zero sum games , which is a ... nope . unless there's any kind of evidence i'm not aware of that i could benefit from it . finally a sensible analysis arguing something different than my position . very well done . you made me see se primary a bit differently . your take on all that sounds more ti-fe . but i still think se is likely . istp would work . the reason why you would use those functions doesn't change the fact that you do ( if that's really the case ) . one of the most overrated texts of all time . they don't think it be like it is but it do | know your meme 1 . yep . if i recognize what i'm doing , it's judging . perceiving can't be auto-reflective really . 2 . nah , this would again be judging . 3 . either i have something to chew on , or i get nowhere on a ... '