i have been to bisbee , arizona , us for like a day or two , but i have not lived in a hippie commune . i wrote this for my crush , at the time , to ask her out ; she said no , but it was worth writing . she said it was one of the most beautiful things she has ever seen . formatted version : ... recently , i have found that my feelings of self-doubt have held me back for years . since i've discovered this , i stopped thinking about my self-doubt and i've been a lot happier acting on my ... anything romantic . get out . forget me . go away . we're done . ... hate you . go die . leave now . you're ugly . you're mean . you're evil . you're useless . i hate reading and writing , but i love typing out poems on the computer . united states , i've moved state to state ( mostly on the east coast ) . the west coast is like another country all together . the end of days ; known to many as the darkest of days ; a day without hope ; a day without love ; a world of despair , chaos , and hate ; knows to others as the brightest of days ; a day without ... live life ; love life . try to give the question game the appearance of a ' game . ' choose rules both of you can agree on ( ie some may allow the ability to pass on a question , others may not or you may want to make it so ... play the question game and play it often ! :D my crush / bff telling me she thinks i'm cute . it almost makes me want to cry . i love my life right now , my only real thing keeping me from being fulfilled is the lack of a significant other . i love my infj ( i think she may be a infx ) bff , oh so much , oh yes i do . : 3 i love the half-life series ( valve fanboy ) , garrys mod ( i mostly work with e2 on wiremod ) , i just started playing everquest ii , am also a bethesda fanboy , so games like the fallout and the elder ... every infp should have a best friend ( and no , i do not consider a best friend an item , i just feel every infp should have one ) and a diary . :) if there has ever been a death i would want for myself , it would be a romantic death or a sacrifice death , where someone else lives on because of what i have done . my beautiful mind and imagination . i look for love everywhere , still haven't found it ... the places i find that it may be possible , the other disagrees . i'd give someone ( i don't see a reason for a friend-zone unless i don't find ... thank you really ! ? :D that is my dream come true ! what is the progress bar above my avatar ? that says ' starting ... ' ? one man says it all : frank sinatra . i completely agree . one's partner should be one's best friend ( or close to one's best friend ) . but being a guy , and the fact that girls friend zone ( the kind that prevents further relationship ... i look at what you wrote , and i see myself sadly . :( we'll find someone one day . :) short term : to find someone to cuddle with me . long term : to find someone to spend the rest of my life with . criminal minds dexter homeland fringe bones csi : miami lost nikita house supernatural i'm with you on that . i've never had an imaginary friend . :( i've always wanted one because i constantly feel alone , even today . my best friend who is a infj schizophrenic female has had many throughout the years , but ... ya , i'm working on that , i'm surprised it's taking this long though . at this point , i'd much rather her relationship work out , they got engaged a month ago . i would loose so much more than i would gain at this point in time . i think i am a very nice person , but let me tell you ... if anyone screws with someone i care about ... lets just say that no one i care about will see that person again ... i already made a brief description of why , but it doesn't go into much detail . http://personalitycafe.com/intro/97514-hello-im-infp.html#post2448869 its a long story as to why my personality changed . but there was a reason , and it was a damn good one . i changed for the better . it was not related to the test or the personality descriptions . if ... i am most diffidently a hopeless romantic , it's one of my favorite things about myself . i've been a hopeless romantic since my personality changed from intp to infp about a year ago . i see the ... i can only speak for myself , but i would consider myself selfless . i often act on the empathy i feel for others . if i was not always chasing peace , love , and , happiness , i would consider myself ... i am listening to : frank sinatra - learnin ' the blues i'm a really big frank sinatra fan , i love his live for now outlook on life . :) i was also listening to : we are young - fun feat janelle ... my highest hope is to get hired by an aaa game studio , namely valve or bethesda . but i am getting my degree in computer science because it's more general so i could be hired for someone like bae , ... can you change my name to theindigoknight please ? i took into to psychology last term and from what i could tell , most things ( including personality ) are a mix of genetics and our environment , but i already knew that before i had the class , because ... kind of a strange story that goes with that . i would only consider myself after september 2011 as an infp . before that i would likely have identified with intp . i learned programming and math over ... hello everyone ! i am a male infp . i enjoy programming , long walks on the beach , kittehs , art , psychology , math , and poetry . although i'm not in a relationship i love love , so i refer to myself ...