' teddy i'm so dense . i have that book ( and love it ) . thanks hun :) i only asked about your age because you look far beyond your years ( not in a bad way at all ) . wow , that's a long list and i couldn't imagine going through ... bigbrother 87 you are adorable ( not to undermine your masculinity ) ! just a few minutes ago , something made me laugh . right after i laughed , i frowned , realizing that i had picked up that particular laugh from an ex who is completely and justifiably no longer a part ... may i ask what book this is ? last year around this time , i was just starting to dig into mbti and perc . somewhere i got note of a book called the introvert advantage and i was super excited to get my hands on it because i was ... teddy so much great advice , as usual ! thank you , you're tireless ... ^ ^ this . i'm in my second year of college too , but i'm home for awhile . i've been wanting to go out of town to visit my godmother for weeks now but didn't want to upset my mother ( she's kinda jealous ... j'adore les estps . does anyone else shut down aka withdraw when hurt from a conflict ? whenever someone crosses my boundaries or hurts my feelings , i immediately withdraw to further protect myself from hurt . i have ... great thread :) i'm in that period of my young life too . i definitely agree with the turtle analogy . i start in a shell . when i start to trust you ( which can happen too quickly sometimes ) , my head starts to poke out a little bit ... the more ... teddy 564339 thank you : laughing : . i'm def under the radar as much as possible . well i'm also going to be biased since i only know of two estps for sure . one : my former close friend . two : my younger sister . estps . i love them , based on the two i know . even though i had a ... you stole the words right out of my mouth . it scares me too , but regardless i still crave pain sometimes . and when i get it , i hate it . your message sounds lovely to me ; the tone of it would make me feel safe-r if i was her ... but because i'm not her i can only speculate . tell us how it goes ! and you're awful hard on yourself , it ... i resonate with all of you saying that it's hard not to minimize accomplishments , for various reasons . ninetypesoflight you're 20 y . o . ? earlier this year , i randomly made a word document and ... i don't know if i believe in marriage so much anymore , but eh , it could happen . as for kids , i am completely unsure because as much as i love babies and the baby nephew i have running around the ... i relate so well with what you're saying . i've picked up on laid-backness over the years , enough where it can appear that i am a laid-back person most of the time--and nothing wrong with that--but ... i'm sorry if there's already a thread floating around about this , but anyone know what about an isfj's functions makes us lean towards frequent seriousness ? i was told i didn't smile once in my ... here's more ( look at me being conceited ) : cool : 36535 36536 36537 i'm glad i made this thread ! reading back over it , i kinda cringe at how pissed off i sounded in the op , but eh , that's okay , i got my point across . but also in posting my ill-informed frustration , i ... i'm a sophomore in college and still struggling with developing the type of friendships i prefer ( non-superficial ones ) . i think i come off as boring to those who don't know me ... and few know me , ... i love this ! i have a youtube channel and have been wanting to make videos about this sort of stuff for a while , but i just never get around to it ( plus my channel is geared towards hair care haha ) ... taking tests may not be one of your strengths , and that's fine , but do try to work on what i call trusting yourself . the trick is to prepare as best as you know how and then to concede that you've ... i learned i was an isfj when i was a freshman in high school , but i didn't realize that there was so much more to learn about mbti types until a couple of years ago ( to my delight ) . when i did ... dagnytaggart : no no lol , i don't think you sound racist at all , i'm just not that familiar with functions like fe or si and so i simply needed clarification on the i notice a lot of fe .  ... wait , can you elaborate more on that please ? you'd be surprised : i've been feeling very closed off and cynical towards people lately , but tonight i got a hug , a really heartfelt one , and i completely melted . it can make a big difference ; bigger ... i consider myself extremely loyal , but i believe this quality comes with a cost . my tendency to stick to you through thick and thin usually has me sticking to toxic people and / or situations that ... thank you for the input everyone . i suppose it'll just take time as i get older to accept myself for who i am and shut out what society tells me to be . too much . that's all i'm gonna say . i suggest him getting involved in activities where he can give back to the community . i took a test that gave me 3 results . one of them i'd rather chuck , so the remaining two are : 6w7 and 4w5 . both resonate with me pretty well . i don't feel like posting anything long tonight , but i'm really bad about this . i'll just address one facet of the question : my ability to say no . i'm so terrible at it . if somebody really really ... dedicate each day's headspace more to you than to whomever you're trying to get over . be patient with what will probably be a long process . be patient with yourself . realize that as much as you ... this be me :) showin my face and my crazy hair i'm a sophomore in college . always been a goodie goodie until last weekend . i got drunk for the first time * gasp * ( accidentally ) . i've gotten tipsy a couple times this past year , and that's a ... hey isfj community , i don't post very often , in usual isfj fashion , but i really should and this is one topic i haven't really seen before , so i'm bringing it up . are there any isfjs on this ... liquidcool , i was just aiming a question at older and wiser isfjs ( technically , they don't have to be older ... ) who have come to a place where they are just fine ( in other words , self-sufficient ) ... that helps a lot :) flory , thanks for the reply . i hold really long grudges too :/ most of my life i've felt unappreciated for what i'm about and what i do ( for myself & others ) . i have moved about 7 times , so all the close friendships i've had have withered . in my senior year of ... ... free of anyone's opinion ? how is it possible to be self-sufficient if appreciation is crucial to who we are ( generally speaking ) ? : frustrating : gahh it's so hard to actually post things on here ( second post ever ) ! i come to the forum and i go all insecure-isfj and think it has already been posted or it won't be a good enough post . finallyyy , ... thank you for all the support ! i have so many threads to start ( or search for ) ... : yep , i found there to be some good information in there too , but not all of it was news . xxx : you can find the book on amazon for about $ 10 , shipping included . here's more info :) : ... ... if you don't have this book . this is my second post on perc ! i recently broke up with an intj / enfp and then started researching our incompatibility issues . it led me to buying a book called ... hello everyone , glad to be here . i've been reading for a month now , and it's taken me just as long to work up the feeling that i indeed have something to contribute as a doormat and nurturing ... '