mhmmm , typing someone by the way they write ... interesting ( and probably irrelevant at some level ) . i do give a shit about what people know about me , i could describe myself as a ' whole ' made of ... thanks for your answers . greyjedi what do you meant by ' the information is lacking ' ? hi . for a while now i've been taking tests on different sites and i always score infj ( mostly ) or intj . for example , this were my sloan ( big 5 ) results : extroversion | 32 % ... i'm an istp and got ... istp . lol edit : did it again with my ' good ' answers and got estp . weird would you mind explaining why ? i would like to hear more on the unstable estj possibility . haha . i'm conscious that ' love ' has nothing to do with cognitive functions , but it can explain our behavior . i'm trying to be more sensitive and verbal with him lately . it was his birthday yesterday ... lookslikeiwin thank you a lot for your analysis . okaaay honey you won't believe me omg ! ! you know katy ? no nooo not the katy who was sooo drunk last weekend the oth ... wait by the way do you know where she got her blue dress ? ? anyways you know ... oh and , i don't know if this has anything to do with cognitive functions , but he has a really good sense of direction . mine is not that good , i would get lost in a city without him ... well made test . i got infj . lately i've scored infj on most of the tests i took . mhmmm .. lookslikeiwin - does he seem to act more on black-and-white morals , or is there gray area ? there's gray area for sure . i would not say he has morals . he will get angry when people try to control ... se dom makes sense ... but the person who introduced me to mbti told me that my boyfriend ( who was barely my friend back to these days ) was an enfj . do you guys think enfj could be a possibility ... ? thank you all for your answers . i do agree that he fits all se descriptions . he's very in touch with his environment ( he's skilled at skateboarding and everything that needs a good balance ) , is ... hi everyone . i've been best friend with a guy for 2 years and now we are dating . since he doesn't want to take any personality tests , and that i'm curious of what his type might be , i've thought of ... hi ! i answered the questionnaire . please help me and read it ! 1 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , ... hi . hope you're all having a good day . my name is gabrielle , i love the wind and the wild .. 2-7- 8 ? thats a tritype ? i coule be a 7 ? 7w8 ? no , not daily . tolerance is quickly built with shrooms . we would take 10 capsules a night , sometimes more , sometimes less . we did that a lot of nights to try with different timing . the best was 4 ... 1 . what do you think your life is about ? what drives you in life ? this can be something like a goal or a purpose , or anything else that comes to mind . life is about what you make out of it . freedom ... so it's alright if i edit my profile as an estp ? the look at the facts of a situation , quickly decide what should be done , execute the action , and move on to the next thing . yeah estps have a strong flair for drama and style . they're ... no it doesn't anymore . now it affects me in a social way mostly . well i am not amine but i'm gonna elaborate because i relate a lot to what they said . i don't know how many times i've tripped on shrooms , but i remember the first trips were mindblowing , a trip ... type me if you can ! i'm pretty sure to be an extrovert . the rest is yours ! 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? unsure of my mbti knowledge / self perceptions are ... hello ! now that we've been introduced , you can bow to me . ( joke . pleased to meet you all ) thank you guys . well , i believe that functions tests are kinda bullshit , because mbti is about a pattern of functions and not individual functions . ni works with se , ne with si , fe / ti and te / fi . but i will give it a ... h ttp :/ / personalitycafe.com/whats-my-personality-type/346906-fi-te-user-tell-me-what-you-think.html do you guys relate ? or am i more sfpish ? thank you ( it didn't cross my mind that people would waste their time welcoming someone ' just for the thank ' . silly people .. ) you score for primary psychopathy ( 3.7 ) was higher than 87.41 % of people who have taken this test . you score for secondary psychopathy ( 3.3 ) was higher than 81.09 % of people who have taken this ... i edited my profile as esfp for the moment . anyone else ? hi intj fellow . thanks for the quick answer . so my axis would be fi / te and ni / se ... i guess i fit sfp descriptions better than ntj .. so it leaves me with esfp and isfp as you said . mhmm ... thank you . filled up a questionnaire . please give it a try . 1 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life ... hello . my name is bee , or luna , or whatever you feel like calling me . pleased to meet you all . yeah , i agree with donnie being an istp . i actually relate a lot to him , that's kinda why it's my favorite movie , along with the whole vibe in the movie and themes . hey guys , any of you know the french band cocorosie ? they're one of my favorite band ever . what would you type them by their music ( if that's possible ) ? ... enxj i would say , since fe / te is about organizing the external world . inxj too . a lot of infjs have ocd too , which can appear as ' control freak ' imo yep i just watched some episodes , definitely inferior fe for malcolm , intp i agree esfj is good for hal . he's so fucking crazy the faces he makes are priceless ! i must say this has always been my favorite show . what would you guys type the main characters ? here my guess : malcolm : xntp reese : esxp dewie : ixxx francis : ? ? ? ( fav character . i identify ... ksilva i enjoyed your analysis , thank you for so much details . i do find myself attracted to ni descriptions , but that could be tertiary istp ni . and even if i prefer not bothering myself with ... thank you for your answers it is appreciated . ksilva would you mind explaining me why possibily entj ? stiletto same to you , why istj ? second questionnaire i fill . just give it a try ! 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? i have difficulties identifying myself with a specific pattern . 2 ) what do ... thanks . i was guessing ixtx ... she's one of the character i identify most with ( i'm not as great at fighting , of course ) and these characters are kinda rare , so i wanted to know . i don't know why , ... hi . has anyone watched the movie ' hanna ' ? what would you type her , her father / mother and marissa ? mother and father are with me , on the lawn , the grass is green . oh the sky is so blue and the air so warm , and mother is wearing her most beautiful summer dress , father is smiling . the cotton is ... yeah , i get what you mean . you just know what to do to solve the problem , it pops in your head without knowing why . by the way i adore your avatar . simon stalenhag is such a great graphist , i ... block i general to specific , specific to general – what does it mean ? - zooming in and out of a subject . general is broad and specific are the details . general is out and specific is in . what ... thank you all for you answers . i don't have internet on week days , sorry for being late . heartofpompeii i relate to what you say a lot . ' vibes ' + ' connectedness ' . i also have anxiety , it took me a ...