' sometimes i look at people and imagine them as the foods that they're eating . chicken nugget people are the funniest things on earth . thank you . i knew i was off , but to what degree , i was uncertain . :P well , there's a phrase in one of the games ( morrowind , i believe ) where people will say , under the sun and sky , i greet / thank you . or something of the sort . xd sorry , my gaming geek emerged . wait a minute ... did i see an elder scrolls reference within that response ? i don't mean to get off topic , but i love the elder scrolls . one thing that i've noticed ( a total shocker , i know ) is that intj females are typically very well-suited with enfp males . now , i don't say this from my own personal experiences , obviously ... what bothers me is that sexual activity is flaunted and built up to be some sort of recreational concept . i'm afraid of being involved in any sort of sexual activity due to the possibility of just ... hm . you're right . no , wait , i'm right . i'm always right . haha , kidding . just backing up your point . seriously though , i agree . it's not a form of narrow mindedness that i really mind , though , if ... i like how you quoted rene descartes . :D that's one of my all-time favorite quotes . thank you , kind sir . my friend recently called me and told me that her friend had just committed suicide . i tried my best to cheer her up , and apparently i succeeded . two nights later , i received an email from her friend ... narrowminded ? well , that's one i certainly haven't heard before . that can't be right . at least for me , it isn't . i happen to be open to a lot of things pertaining to some pretty touchy topics , ... i like your humor . xd you know you're an intj when you see over a million flaws in every single individual in your workplace but do absolutely nothing to help them fix their flaws , hoping they'll get fired someday . call ... yes , it is a drag . i don't know what the heck they're expecting me to do , half the time . though it is a generalization that intjs are horrible at expressing their emotions , it seems to me ( based off ... i laughed when i saw this , because to me , it's hilarious how people think of intjs as complete robots or apathetic beings . honestly , yes , i fantasize about sexual activities all the time . however , ... i cry , just not when anyone is within 100 kilometers of me . kidding . i don't cry in front of people though ( most of the time ) . i hide it until i leave their presence or if i feel like i know the ... i think you're definitely right about them being immature intjs . i happen to be dating an infp currently . i've never been happier , and would be absolutely devastated to know that i had been combative ... well .. i wish i could answer even half of these questions . i've only just begun my first relationship , really . i had her take an mbti test , to which she came out as an infp . i probably seem like a ... right now , i think my favorite type is actually the infp . my girlfriend just so happens to be one , and i've never cared more about anyone in my life . i'm dating an infp . my first relationship ever . it's a juicy contradiction . i love it though , as weird of a combination as that may be . i recently have put a lot of thought towards the idea that intelligence itself is an abstract idea . there's so much about the human mind we do not know ( much moreso , i believe , than we do know ) and ... one of the only things i ever get sentimental about is when i think of the time i failed to keep who i thought was my only true friend from getting addicted to drugs . i also felt extremely depressed ... i'm a big fan of the fire emblem series . unfortunately , the new one for the 3ds is probably only going to be released in japan .. i also like halo , pokemon , minecraft , pikmin , the legend of zelda , ... no no , intrumentals work just fine . i'm actually a major fan of video game music in general . i especially love the music for the fire emblem series and halo reach . i agree with you about vocals . a ... legend of zelda music = 5 stars . outstanding pieces of music , might i say . i , in particular , love the windwaker and ocarina of time soundtracks . practically hypnotizing . also , the twilight princess ... thanks , solfonny . i agree with you on the part where you said having a kid would be fun . i would like to at least adopt a child as well ( who knows where from ? ) and then raise them to be the best ... there's so much emphasis on finding your soulmate / better half ... the latter is something i find especially creepy . i'm noone's half , neither better nor worse , i'm my own complete person , thank you ... i agree with you on points 1 , 2 , and 3 . my view on number 1 is the same as yours . my view on number 2 is the same when you said it's not for everybody . my view on 3 is the same as your conclusion . i ... well , i myself don't exactly know if i have aspergers , nor have i taken the test . however , as rediculous as it sounds , i've heard you can actually rewire your brain in order to get some kind of ... actually , no . i can see why you'd assume that though . i just have formed my own views on the whole thing based off of how school and daily life has worked out for me . i've always thought it was ... my thoughts exactly . i probably would've done exactly what you had done . i also dislike clueless or even seemingly clueless people in stores . this makes me think of where i work , and how many people ... entp - pretty much took the words right out of my mouth at the top . infp - i only have one infp friend , but she's easily able to do anything she puts her mind to . she's just determined . intp - my two ... bethdeth is correct . for me , if i happen to care about a person's thoughts , it typically makes me less attracted to them physically . if i had to guess what makes a relationship a prosperous one , i'd ... i agree . it's just a lot more trouble than it's worth in the end . too much chasing , not enough thinking rationally is all i see with my friends . people take the sentiments of modern adulthood and try ... i just meant with most girls i know . not girls in general . i also know plenty of girls who don't care , but the majority do . that's all i was really trying to say . i suppose it depends on the girl and it depends upon the guy . saying that girls in general get laid more is a bit presumptuous . hm , well i'm sorry if i puzzled you . i have a tendency to do that to people . and i see what you mean , i just really don't find it to be at all worth it in the end . it's more of the inner pragmatist ... i'm most definitely more narcissistic than anything else . i feel like self-confidence is important for success though ( to an extent ) . if you're not confident in yourself , chances are you're not going ... well , i'm commonly associated with those kinds of stereotypes . i kind of bring it upon myself , though . i was spanked seemingly endlessly throughout my childhood , and recently found out i have an iq of 187 . just kidding ( about the iq part , at least ) . however , i believe that being taught discipline and ... thank you very much . this is what i'm looking for . i especially agree with the part where you stated that sex is made much too big a deal out of . i completely agree . i also think marriage is a ... i appreciate the honesty . yes , i realize being asexual is an aberration , but do you really think i'm weird for it ? plus , it's not like i'm the only asexual person there is . yes , i realize it's very far-fetched to say that sexuality is based off of personality type , and i highly doubt that . however , i just wanted to see what other intjs thought about the matter , or if ... well , that's why i said maybe that's just me . i have another intj friend who is also asexual though . i was generally speaking . it's quite normal ( generally speaking ) for an intj to experience this kind of feeling or desire to be alone . i know i experience it all the time . i don't blame you for wanting to stay home . i ... i'm curious as to what other intjs think of relationships and marriage . i , for one , think they've become something they never should have become . it's difficult to say with certainty what i truly ... yes , i do tend to over exagerrate . perhaps asexual would be a better word . i'm not exactly sure . that's quite alright . i don't either . i find them to be quite pointless anyway . at least at an early age , which modern television and worldly cultures encourage . i find myself thinking that the world ... personally , i have one solid piece of advice for any young intj out there . you need to stay true to your imagination , and don't let the secular culture kill off your individualism . you are you . stay ... you know you're an intj when you're agamic . maybe that's just me . anyway , with the intj's i know , relationships and the like typically bore them or are problematic in their eyes . '