' it would seem that i can relate to bits of both . and they aren't wearing pajamas and playing with toys all day as you put it . thank you for implying i was a child , it is much appreciated ( ! ) . i can personally relate to near in death note . if that is your stand , i will not criticize it . so it seems that distractions , and laziness are making me use less ni , from what i gathered . a change in scene and making te things are presumable ... thank you for the reply . this isn't a typology question , although i still am under the impression i could be switching cognitively . another possibility , in my youth i was typed as an intp , but then ... another example i can relate to . i am a university student , and for a while i did the exact same thing . now i feel like i am in that position , where it has been my insight that connecting information ... unfortunately i can't say for sure . i will definitely endevour to give that a try flaviagemina it sounds like something i would do .. ( already thinking about it , this might be a solution , it feels ... thank you for replying . the first paragraph is exactly what i feel like , and you described it almost perfectly . i don't think my ni is shutting down because of depression , but if i am not depressed , ... disclaimer : this could or will be sounding as paranoid , but nonetheless this is what i feel at the current time . i would prefer intj's opinions only on this and perhaps turi as well . greetings ... greetings , let's analyze this shall we ? you are an enfp or an infp . you intrigue me . let's analyze this shall we ? it's hard to say . at the current time , i'm thinking you are an intp / entp . there are certain similarities to most intp's i observed . have you taken ... it has been my observation , that i do not detect any ni in your statements or from you . i would suggest estj would be the most plausible type for yourself . i do not mean any malice , just an ... you are an intj solitaryhunter . welcome to the club . you are an istj in that regard . my apologies for the late reply . before i make my judgement , please answer the following questions , in accordance to how well you relate with them and what are your impressions of them . 1 . i am ... let's get a few things off our proverbial chest as it were : if you don't care about functions , then what on earth are you doing here typing other people ? the fact that you mentioned istj when the ... please explain , with pictures how do you think she is an istj ? are you trolling ? it has been my observation that you are very scatter-brained in your approach . that to me screams ne . that is later reinforced with words like : theoretical principles and you mentioned you have ... greetings . let's analyze this shall we ? alright , so far i am seeing a case for the nt temperament and introversion , so intp or intj . could you do this quiz and post your results here ? attempt ... my apologies , i was doing this late in the night . there are both hallmarks of istj and intj in your description ( more specifically traditionalism is istj while you mention you move forward which is ... my apologies for the intrustion , but the op is a clear-cut istj . oh yes , that is putting things into context mildly . i automatically thought about swimming > movement > how is the chicken ... alright let's analyze this shall we . you are an intj . welcome to the club . a most apt question . personally speaking , the fear of death and losing your individuality / consciousness is what keeps me up at night . as soon as i think about what is described , a sudden chilling ... i do not receive ( more on that later ) the images you described , but i do however have scenario's playing when i do analyze the situation . for instance , when there was a person who was late to the ... why not . extraverted sensing - do you : instantly notice movement and impactful features on the environment - no . freely follow your gut instincts and exciting physical impulses - yes , ... at the present time , my best friend is an intp . i quote green girl ; you have described my life with frightening accuracy . the ni is strong with this one . sorry , but i think you misunderstood my above sentence . i said the last bit just to say that is me , and i am not saying it because i want to be an intj , but because it is true . my apologies for the ... that oddly does sound like a lot like me at the current time . and no , it is not because i want things to fit facts . how would an unhealthy intj appear like out of curiosity ? just re-took the cogntive functions test again and got this ( different website ): te ( extroverted thinking ) (8 0 % ) your valuation of / ... reading into the second facets , it still implies i prefer intuition . i will re-take the cognitive function test again just to be sure . could i be an unhealthy intj ? apologies for coming across like this , but i am certain i am not a sensor , nor am i trying to lead you down a particular path . while i do acknowledge i am new to the area of mbti , i do have enough ... i am certain i am not a sensor , because i prefer the big picture , i do not relate to any of the description of istj or any other te dominant s types , i clearly favor intuition over sensory details in ... because those areas of interests do not conflict with my current ones . for the sake of theory , if something like that did happen , i would attempt to fix the issue myself , if i believe it is within my ... bumping for attention . greetings . i am a recently discovered intj , but would appreciate validation from others to be 100 % certain . following the questionnaire : 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the ... it would appear that this thread is probably up-there in terms of interest . following the template : autobiographies dealing with intj's : are they always right ? re-defining social ... you are an intp . it would appear the results above show that you are an isfp . reading off the graph , there is still a possibility you could be a thinker , but the averages of feeling vs thinking show you prefer ... in response to the original question , i can confirm that i have experienced moments of social isolation . during those times , at first , i would want nothing more than to fit in . on one day in high ... i would be honoured to accept . what is described above , sums me up in that scenario to the proverbial t . i would be hesitant to say i enjoy playing mind-games , but fixing * glares at lilysocks * ... unfortunately , as off yet , i cannot determine your type . i see elements of both intp and intj traits in your explanation , some more prominent than others . you are definitely a thinker from what i ... the red spirit , my apologies for the rather simple question , but have you perchance taken a cognitive functions test as of yet ? it do believe , this suggestion has not been offered as off yet the link ... the above i relate too strongly . at a point of my life i tested as an intp , before reading into the cognitive functions and found intj suited me better . sometimes it is a matter of looking deeper ... i do not watch the anime genre , because i find it distasteful . however , in brief moments when watching death note with a friend , i found near to be interesting , and personally relateable . l's ... at first glance , i would seem cold and aloof , as i am selective on who i open myself to . if coerced into a social conversation about trivial things , my responses would be no more polite interest in ... it is my understanding that ni is not 100 % accurate , despite what it typed as . in my experience , the more information you comprehend about the subject , the more accurate the insight is . another ... in my previous post on this thread , the above ( directly ) is what i had in mind . my sincere gratitude . thank you kindly for your confirmations , fellow intj's . greetings . recently i have been wondering whether my ni insights are essentially what i think they are . i have been observing these thoughts for a while now , and i would like your opinion to ... while i do have ideas like these , it seems too conscious to be ni . speaking for myself , my ni manifests as a lightning bolt or an aha moment , where an insight hits me . this to me sounds like ti . an ... '