' yep . i'm looking forward to getting through the skill-honing so i can see what it's like to work in the game industry . right now , it's just an idea . and i know that even if it'll be hard work at ... coolcool . i've not been on boards much , mostly gaming and drawing . i'm going back to school to become a game artist . they accepted my portfolio . : kitteh : it's a 16 month consecutive program that ... it's been awhile , how's it going ? : kitteh : i've worked as a software technician for apple products in the past . it really depends on what you're looking for , but honestly , i'm biased . i've never been a fan of apple products . the reason ... http://generated.inspirobot.me/047/aXm5615xjU.jpg a movie about somebody getting rid of minority groups one by one , leaving investigators wondering why , and guessing at who they'll target next , and why , and preventing it through seeming profiling - - ... the first i went to i went because i had to . the second , i went to because it was what my dad wanted . the third , i went to because i wanted to , but it was a foundations program ( 1 year ) .  ... 1 ) don't overthink it . it's important to consider these things , but don't hold onto them too tightly . he may be sleeping with other people with benefits , but you may be the only one he's confessed ... dialogue is a bit messy and haven't cleaned it up yet , so : 1 : madame caterpillar , stop eating the mushrooms , and tell me where alice is ! 2 : just wait , hatter . 3 : and look who's talking , ... my personal project i've been working on . based off of alice in wonderland . i'm not sure if it's a web comic , a graphic novel , or a comic . but , it's something . : kitteh : from a young age , ... it depends on how long your dream sticks , and what your goals are . and nobody says you have to do that one thing forever . animation can take you to a lot of lucrative areas - - being an artist today ... harley quinn onesie . : kitteh : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IRpi1NwHOac usedto ? that awkward moment when you realize that you might be the only happy person ... : kitteh : i dunno . everything's working out for me . i'm enjoying happiness in all respects . savouring it . oh , ... this isn't something that's just going to go away on its own . i know you don't want to do it , but you feel so strongly compelled . i understand this , and it's very difficult to overcome . but , ... that's why i like to play pretend . i have a companion lynx at my side , his name is erasmus . also , mother nature lives in the earth . and i pretend that luck is real , because it sure seems like it ... this is all playing pretend . a cry for help . an abusive relationship . it's not something to joke about , hey . if you need to get out , you have my support . : kitteh : i'm assuming he's talking out his shit for a reason . i have adhd and often have to do the same . that said , i'd take him aside and say , there's no easy way to say this , and i'm sorry , but you're ... all of them . isfj - the happy , homey homosexual . intj - the quiet , intellectual homosexual . istp - the daredevil , motorcycle enthusiast homosexual . isfp - the indoor mountain climber , artsy ... ah , so the invasion has started . uhm ... guys , where are the solar panels ? now , you're just getting lazy . https://www.vamp.org/Gothic/Images/images/sandman8.jpg http://i185.photobucket.com/albums/x273/weissmorningstar/neil%20gaimen/delight.jpg confess . she sounds like she's someone worthy of your love , and will handle it kindly . and if she doesn't feel the same way , that's a loss for her , not for you . : kitteh : my suggestion for fortunes is always this : if they ask for money for their services , they are likely not in it for the right reasons , and i will always question their capabilities as a result . i ... you have every right to be pessimistic . why not ? plenty of functional pessimists out there . that said - - a happy pessimist is different than a sad one . and , you're on a path right now , even if ... i don't think i gave a time frame for the ' focused ' scenario . but , it's far less time than the ' dark ' one . really , the time differs based upon your outlook and choices . residential fortune teller here , to offer my two cents . perhaps you don't take stock in this , but take heart . through life , to become stronger , and perhaps a little bit stranger , we are met ... i know i cock naked . and cook too . : kitteh : how did i end up in a piers anthony novel ? hey guys ... seems an unusual place to seek advice . maybe more than advice , i just need to cathartic-ize my experiences by typing them out , but any advice is , of course , embraced . i have a ... you're allowed to dislike it . you can even tell her that . but , calling it ' ignorant ' is inaccurate , in my opinion . the only way in which you explained that her opinion was ignorant , was you said ... you ask , why be educated ? i ask , why not ? learning is fulfilling and can be fun . you can learn new skills and improve yourself . you can do things other people can't . : kitteh : i'm confused ... there are a lot of different theories on how to move on past pain in culture . but , i think ... acknowledging that you're hurt , and acknowledging all of these experiences and feelings that you're ... it depends on the person . i tend to be bold and ask questions when there's solid rapport . if there's a certain level of understanding between you , simply saying something like , i'm really open to ... why do you feel that you need to forgive them ? unless you're religious in some way and have strong beliefs / faith when it comes to forgiveness and turn-the-other-cheek and all that , you don't ... you should probably apologize to your dad , for ruining his karting over this discussion , lol . if i'm reading this right . that part was unclear . so , if he didn't get to have his birthday karting ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6OWq38TikzU hahahahahaha it seems we are a world of shamers for not finishing things . but , we are in the booming world of the unfinished - - an era of the unclosed book . there are simply too many potentialities to exploit , ... okay . so . isfj . ( olct ) i often find it odd that quite a lot of people don't see the beauty in certain creatures . i've always loved snakes , and this one is sooo lovely . : kitteh : i'd just like to say that i'm glad maximilian is okay and you found the solution , and also that he is an absolutely gorgeous serpent . : kitteh : so , do you love / like yourself ? ' cause you've pointed out your assets in a fairly objective way , but i'm not convinced you necessarily like yourself . and that's a lot more important than you'd ... maybe the best thing for you right now is to let him go , and be on your own for awhile . work on you . if he isn't willing to bridge the gap and understand your own struggles , including how you ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X5KmB8Laemg tega 1 : psht . you wish . : wink : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7UKGeHRr6iY nobody wants to sacrifice me , ' cause i'm too pretty . and i rhyme . nice music ! makes me be jammin ' . i always put my threads which i'm not sure where to put them , in spam . feel free to move it somewhere more appropriate , should it be deserving of promotion , ... oh , i see ! : kitteh : well , i've never been drunk . tipsy , yes , but i think being drunk seems boring and / or wasteful . now being high , that's where it's at . or so i would assume - - i still have to ... original post seems like it's more geared towards the stereotypical estp , but okay . : kitteh : in any case ... hi . '