' i dated a lot of losers when i first came out , until my only requirement became finding someone moderately sane who had a strong sense of himself . charley and i were together for 12 years , until his ... dealing with god ( ultimate reality ) is a lot like therapy only not as much fun . i've got some great clothes that i know how to wear when necessary ( or i'm in that rare mood - much better ) , but mostly i don't care . i'm aware of stains , wrinkles , etc . but they don't usually ... i've been reading theology again , and getting increasingly irritated by writers ' attempts to prove the existence of god . some things are just too important to be explained rationally . what limits do ... my late partner of 13 years was 36 years my senior . his age was of middling concern in the context of our relationship . his isxj-ness was much more bothersome ! recently it occurred to me with some ... one time i was reading at a picnic table in the park , and a guy hit on me . i think he was really perplexed when i was just blandly polite , thanking him for the offer , but saying that wasn't why i was ... the hindu quest for the perfection of man , troy wilson organ i think that should boost my infp cred . bladerunner singin ' in the rain the artist chicago grizzly adams being john malkovich i read jane eyre in grad school only because so many of my female friends loved it . god , i hated that book . i can't think of any men i know who like it . not to be a bummer , but the first half is waaay better i'm very infp . my dad was entj and we got along really well . my oldest nephew is also entj and he gets along really well with my brother and me in our infp-ity . my fi feels a little neglected but the ... the pogues : peace and love linkin park : meteora the roches : nerds bruce springsteen : darkness on the edge of town if not faith , possibilities are you openly or secretly proud of something most people would be embarrassed to admit or find just bizarre ? what are your perverse sources of pride ? for instance , it gives me no end of secret ... i've got a phd in medieval lit from a top 25 program . on an online quiz i ranked in the bottom three percent for ambition . to me , seeing the big picture first means having confidence i'll find the right pesky details when i need them , but not before . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Klq2BEeZri8 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ujOUPYN9sj8 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jLIfyIydNOQ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L7fJbjcmrzc calm and sexy don't exactly rhyme in my lexicon . so inaccurate i can't believe it . apparently i'm only moderately verbal ( guess that phd in medieval lit and studying hindi for fun were just flukes ) and i like to give mileage , cardinal direction ... i came up mostly buddhist , as often happens with these kinds of quizzes , and always surprises me because i'm strongly theistic , just not in any conventional way . this quiz gave me hindu second - i'm ... biology makes us human . of greater concern to this infp is what makes us humane . we need to know and accept ourselves with our flaws and shortcomings , and we simultaneously need to work to improve ... you s folks can obviously figure out how to post the chart . i'm infp and find that task beyond me . but as a fellow fi-dom i'm not surprised to be another gandhi-ish left / libertarian . you intjs can really make me smile . leo - fire , born in year of the dragon much more infp-ish than the above would suggest i come from a dog-loving cat-hating family . my grandmother used to say , and i think truly believe , that cats are the devils ' playmates . i've known enough cat people to accept felines as dog ... raised catholic , now universalist christian quaker . not me . i get bored of my own ideas almost as soon as i think of them . it really bothers me when students just parrot me . i want to learn something new , myself . i'm a quaker of the christian sort , but mainly a universalist . i'm a big fan of sayings of the desert fathers . pilgrim at tinker creek by annie dillard is another favorite with a focus on nature ... good luck with that the curvature of the earth . the cloud formation looked like a tulip . overall there was something indefinably ominous , almost apocalyptic about it . i'm writing a fantasy novel . it started with the idea that i had to do something with my odd range of knowledge / interests : byzantine history and theology , natural history of the arctic , american ... under the best of circumstances bars / clubs make me anxious . no interest in going solo . movies , restaurants , coffee houses etc . are all good . i strongly prefer museums on my own - i don't know anyone ... i've written my share of poetry , journals , etc . i suppose my dissertation counts . i'm now working on my first novel - a gay pacifist fantasy . i stumbled into a writers ' group . funny how a real live ... grandael in wheel of time - she starts as the greatest healer in the world , an idealistic ascetic but when she turns to the shadow she becomes a totally cynical hedonist . michael jerling - before the country moved to town work is work . hard or smart i don't much like it unless i'm interested in the project or see it doing some good in the world . i just read climbing chamundi hill by ariel glucklich . it's a nice intro to indian philosophy via folk tales . there are two novels that can change a bookish fourteen-year old's life : the lord of the rings and atlas shrugged . one is a childish fantasy that often engenders a lifelong obsession with its ... hrothgar's ears are so soft . he snores melodically . he bests most people . se will look at what can be known through physical senses . crudely speaking , it is more focused on things than ideas while ne is the reverse . se might help you imagine how a fallen tree could be ... actually , both infp and isfp are fi-dom . it's the auxiliary se vs ne that starts to show our differences . as a quick overview , fi-dom always seeks to uphold its own personal values , which are usually ... infp here - when i was living with my partner i was often naked . he ( isfj ) only in bed . likewise at the clothing optional campground . once in a blue moon it can be fun . feeling is a rational function , like thinking . it's not about emotions per se , but value judgments . so fi will take in data with se or ne and quickly determine where this input fits in one's value ... infp - cloak of invisibility , regardless of context i love tarot , but don't see it as mystical ; it just helps me organize what i'm intuiting anyway . but my spiritual life is all about mysticism , primarily christian , but the closer you get to god the ... a lot of good advise here . i would reiterate that you can't be totally responsible for your friend . keeping adults and appropriate professionals in the loop is so important , even though it might cost ... as long as they don't demand too much extraversion from me , no problem . the only new years resolution i've ever kept : mammal-free in ' 93 . i still eat birds and seafood . i'm more concerned about environmental issues than the cuddliness of critters we might eat . which is ... it's also useful to be well informed about whatever is important to other people . you can objectively state appropriate information , and most folks read that as interest / approval . '