' nervous / excited / lonely . nervous and excited because there's a tourney coming up tomorrow . lonliness is a static . do you think so ? hmm ... maybe you're right ... you all heard worldink - nobody post ! i love where this goes : laughing : ♥ ♥ van gogh ♥ ♥ switzerland , 8: 14 am sunny and cold , slightly below zero . green meadows here , but there are many snow-covered mountains around . mind weather , 62:87 pm it ’ s raining refrigerators . i haven ’ t ... fixed the link : blushed : click to add me . i tend to post meaningful things but facebook is indeed very superficial and most people there don't want or can't relate to things i post . i guess there are only 3-4 people who actually get my ... anyone uses this ? i made an account a few months ago because i like the concept . unfortunately i didn't get any of my friends to make an account too . i added some of my read books but haven't updated ... well done , simi ! congrats to your 4th olympia gold :) ) i'm jealous . i tend to start whining after walking for longer than 10 minutes ( overdramatization - hasn't to be true ) . brag : i'm great in making people sad . well , that isn't very positive , but i ... i'm not surprised to read from all the xp users . i definately look at vista as a downgrade , the few nice additions just don't make up for the losses in general . i use vista , because vista was rather ... the german translation looks really good , but i'm in love with the english language and will therefore use the original perc . please don't tell me this is actually a french site now : crazy : to be honest i havenx 92t written anything relevant the last few years . i prefer to listen , not to talk . the most important thing for me in writing is that it allows me be creative and express my ... your not alone . the market is full of remakes and ego-shooters . at the same time expect much more from a game nowadays than i did in my teenage years . there are still a few games that get me excited ... i don't know . i started blogging a few times but lost interest quite soon . furthermore i'm not as eloquent in english as i am in german . i'm still attracted to the idea though . okay , i will tell you one thing now :p roud : i had to reconsider my point after reading aerorobyns nice bragging . i'm a great writer . from the very first essay i've ever written in school to the very ... i wonx 92t tell you and you wonx 92t notice . thatx 92s because you donx 92t go on my nerves . itx 92s me , ix92m not able to be as caring and understanding as i should be . i have to be more forgiving , because you are ... i like the idea and instantly had to join the x84i donx 92t care if the fridge is fullx 85x94 group . i got a rather small amount of groups and fan-pages ix92m part of at the moment . thatx 92s because a few months ... it's lovely to be around you , fellow infps . it's awesome that there are always topics here i want to read and how there's always at least one reply on page one of each thread that mirrors my ... i'm a master at denying that i'm good in anything . there are things i'm great in , but i won't tell you . if you want to ask : see above . i lol'd so true , mario paint was nucking futs ! it reminds me a bit of an mtg forum where they renamed the what are you listening to thread to ignore what i'm listening to . it is a bit of downer if the replies are only adressed to the op or ... yeah , i thought about it alot in my teenage years . however , i don't credit my infpness for it , allthough being infp certainly makes it easier for thoughts like these to enter a mind . nowadays ? i go ... you don't have to be artistic to do funny comics - just look at xkcd :D however , if anyone is gonna to do this , sign me up as a regular reader . the idea sounds very appealing . give me enough gold and i'll change my name to mr . schadenfreude . or mr . weltanschauung . i love german words that are also used in english :) haha , i won't reply to this - that would be very counterproductive to my goals ! ... oh , wait ... dammit . arghs , let it die ! ah whatever , a few days or weeks and you'll forget about it and my evil plan will enter the next stage ! [ insert evil laugh here ] yay , switzerland got the first gold , awesome ! too bad they denied simi to wear the awesome sunglasses when they handed out the medals . youtube - swiss ski jumper wins first winter olympics gold girl : sara ( h ) , melanie , sandra , jenny or whatever my wife wants : wink : maybe something horrible like eleusipus or hildegard so the boys will stay away from her for a long time , distracted by her ... i will let this thread die . one day it shall return and eat your brains ! so long , rest in peace little thread ! i think to be part of a forum you have to post sometimes without having much / anything to contribute . you know , just write down that silly thought or quote something you think is important and you ... i partly agree . then again that's something all men have to deal with , especially introverts . i think male infps got some bad luck when zeus distributed the personalities ( if you want an easy and ... dogs , definately dogs . i'm fine with cats , but dogs are way cuter ( please note this is a fact and not an opinion : laughing :) and they get much more excited when you caress them . cats tend to be more ... does that mean i should post / read here more frequently again ? : blushed : watching hackers ( 1995 ) . awesome movie : crazy : http://www.iwatchstuff.com/2009/01/21/street-fighter-leg-chun-li.jpg i saw this in the mall yesterday and figured it had to be so bad to be good again . and it's street fighter - how could i resist ? unfortunately , sean isn't my work , i'm sorry if this wasn't clear enough . gosh , i wish i could draw like that : laughing : he's a google find to show that you can pull off great art with markers too ... i use these ( haven't a full set , though . they're quite expensive , so i just ordered about 15 singles ): http://www.thecraftbarn.co.uk/shopimages/sections/thumbnails/copic_ciao36A.jpg i've found ... any civilisations iv players here ? got the game yesterday and was now playing for about 24h ... or a bit more * ahem * i'm actually quite bad at turn-based strategy games , but i like them ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0OhPjDiZiLA&feature=rec-LGOUT-exp_stronger_r2-2r-1-HM sorry - couldn't resist , it ( kinda ) fits the theme of the thread and it was promoted by youtube ... what i ... i like your ava , it's perfectly fine to use a pic of yourself . i prefer an anonymous avatar to remain ... well , anonymous . then again , i think it says more about me then a picture of myself would ... what a jerk . seriously . i give 5-15 % most of the time , i think that's a common range in switzerland . i'm very messy . i'm damn lazy when it comes to cleaning , it's horrible . well , everyone else thinks it's horrible , i actually don't care : laughing : isn't it a lie from them by asking you how you're doing while they don't give a shit in the first place ? there are people i try to be honest with . sometimes they care , sometimes they don't . i don't ... many of my friends had pets who died . because i don't want that more pets die , i decided to have no pets .   ... maybe i'll have kids at some point . i love to be touchy-feely , unfortunately it needs a lot of trust for me to comfortably do so . i couldn't tell why . i just like to be in touch ( as in : really in touch ) with people i love . i feel ... i'm quite bad at manipulating people in everyday life and i'm rarely in situations where i want to manipulate people . however , i ( try to ) use it often in all kinds of games : poker , mtg , etc . to ... i don't like guns and don't think anybody should have a gun , but i see no point in gun restriction . gun restriction wouldn't solve the problem the guns created , they'd just fetch more money on the ... i'm quite sure i'm a 4 too , but i can't say with certainity . this . ( limit ) '