' thank you ! i'm trying to be patient , i just feel i've done so much it surprises me that i don't have hardly any trust yet . maybe i do and she just hasn't shown it who knows lol . he does trust me , it just seems its taking longer than i would think my boyfriend's mom is an isfj . i'm an enfp . he and i have been dating 7 months . he went through a bad divorce 1 year ago . he tells me she loves me but i can feel that she does like me but she doesn't ... * pukes * i feel like i am one of those i'm going through a rough time due to stress at work . like so stressed i feel depressed again : crying : i finally told my entp that i felt he was never there for me & it bothered me that he never ... that was so incredibly entpish as far as his emotional interest being real i guess you could say i got lucky - he's a 110 % healthy entp so there was no game playing , manipulation or anything i noticed or had to worry about . i knew ... it's so funny how life works . you just never know what it has in store for you . entj was gone for about 1.5 years . we barely talked over that time . maybe once or twice . 4 months after he left , ... my ( confirmed ) entp hates sticking out of the crowd . i feel like he doesn't let me be me . example 1 : we had a video game convention and some people dress up in costume for it . he really did not ... ? more info ? it sucks being so sensitive in relationships ! i have good self-esteem but when my entp says something like it's a shame karen gillan shaved her head . she was the only redhead on dr . who and she ... the mistyping on this thread is making me c-razy : angry : you think zimmerman just wanted to kill someone ? he was innocent . what in the world did he stand to gain by killing trayvon ? sounds like an individual thing . i've had great nt professors . it's ne that makes you clumsy . i do tell him , he just doesn't take me seriously . that's the problem :[ tee hee :D yes but us enfps can give you a run for your moneys ;D i tell him stop several times in a serious voice and he doesn't take me seriously . harro . 73785 it was already single from when we broke up 2 months ago . i just forgot to change it back when we got back together . thanks for your advice entps . just saw him tonight . he didn't annoy me , but we had a bad night : crying : i'm good friends with a girl he had a thing with and he basically verbally put me on the same level as her ( despite her ... i can't wait to get married and have babies : happy : so i'm an enfp . my infp best friend is totally infatuated with me . he knows that i know - we have had several convos about this and i have told him ( gently ! ) that we won't be more than friends . my ... the bright side is he is emotionally mature and genuinely caring and good at showing he cares . i've just been trying to figure out how . he knows he's annoying me but he does it anyway . i guess my question was how to get him to take me seriously when i say stop . i'll tell him to stop when i'm ... how do we make a picture on the forum bigger than the thumbnail it auto shrinks to ? haha you're cute . that's actually a really good point . i'm bad at pointing out when people are doing something i don't like - i usually just ignore and deal with it on my own . i think this is ... my entp and i have been together for a year . he'll do random stuff to annoy me , realize i'm getting annoyed and keep doing it because he thinks it's funny . i get progressively quieter as i get ... care to explain why ? i don't agree with abortion as a thing , but i wouldn't say abortion should be made illegal . harsh ... with that title i was shocked not to see an nf : bored : i'm constantly scanning , figuring out how interested i am in someone , if we could work or not . and then ordering people in my head of who i'm most interested in . i'm so tired of these threads ! ! i hate that . fe drives me nuts . my sister is an esfj and almost every upset we have i can relate back to that function . for example ... me ( to our mother , among others in the room ): didn't you ... when i'm flirting with an nt ... two thoughts : 1 . nts are simply less likely to show when they are getting emotional . 2 . from my observations it does take a bit more for them to get emotional than other types . i love your posts . articulate and i can always identify . can you give an example of what's bolded ? ( that's not a word ... oh well . ) entjs are uncaring , unfeeling assholes . the thing is they don't waste their time on people that don't matter . ( nt need for efficiency , anyone ? ) but if you do matter , they will move mountains for ... you have to talk to your boyfriend about relationship issues ? i always want to bring little things that bother me up but never do because i'm scared . it's silly because i know he'll be ... i wish we could all get along like we used to in middle school . i wish i could bake a cake filled with rainbows and smiles and everyone would eat and be happy . what are you talking about , entjs love being second best . beating around the bush , emotional manipulation , glitter . i never have to worry about whether they're being honest , or wonder if they're sugar-coating with me . love that . p . s . love and missed the forum , and you guys : 3 the resident enfj is male ... entj because they're boss . i'm going to pretend this thread doesn't exist . '