yes , sadly :/ ... sometimes i would just wallow in my misery fully intentionally just to feel something when it got really bad . it was still better than apathy yuck . but not at all healthy . when you say sense of longing , i connect with that much more . it's more like i'm a figment of of a dream , someone's imagination , and until i wake up , i'm assuming pass away , i won't understand it ... i was depressed throughout high school and up until starting university for about a period of 6 years of which i remember very little of except how inwardly angry , just furious i was with the world ... that's the first part that went away , the very slight resentment i ever felt , but i'm purely worried about not caring about others anymore . hmm i think i know that feeling . it's like the emotional ... i'm having major issues with the exact same thing . i hate schedules , they gross me out . smelling the roses is what life's all about ;) on a serious note lately ( over the last month ) i've just ... welcome :) i struggle with not picking my things up and leaving for wherever my legs can take me . my home would then be my path . but how so do you mean ? elaborate ? thank you for the link , yeah those words were like a checklist for me , usually apathy with nihilism , cynicism with misanthropy very connected to each other :/ .. ah boundaries , never good with those , ... for the last couple of months i've avoided everyone . i've avoided all my friends , though i did give them so many explanations . that it wasn't them , it was me , that yes i knew they were there for me ... i feel like i'm losing my empathy . or rather i have a bad feeling that i'm losing my empathy . what is this ? anyone ever feel like this ? i don't like it . i feel like i'm not feeling things as strongly ... kill myself and avoid the situation in it's entirety : mellow : meh ... avoid avoid avoid i would have previously , in fact i still do in a way . but , more so , just that i feel different in terms of the regular population or my perspective of it rather . i didn't really have an interest in ... lurking because my best friend is an intp and i find it interesting fears if you ever get caught in a loop ; you have morose feelings of a sort and you avoid others to prevent it negatively effecting them because , i don't know you feel ungrateful or as if you're being ... thanks for the info :) been away from the forums for a bit ! revolutionist it's good music what can i say ? :D do you have any favourites ? i know it's great ! they were so ahead of their time . whenever i listen to a band too much ( all the time ) i try and ... ahahah thank you ... it's one of my favourite songs though i do not listen to them specifically often . television ? ? ? marquee moon , have you heard it ? :D my favourite bands of all time , the strokes , julian casablancas , the animals , the horrors , pixies , the arctic monkeys , novembre , the white stripes , ... alas , only on the internet . but that's something still :) anytime ! :) but the fact that you try is a lot more than what some would do ? i say good for you :) keep practicing , you're probably better than you think . funnily enough , same here haha i don't know really . i think maybe an epiphany . sort of like , wow someone can be thinking on the same bandwidth as i am . i never realized there were people who i can ... very much so ! you've succeeded ! :D what instruments do you play ? hey revolutionist , fancy seeing you here ! i see ! i don't think you're evil yet either ! i mean i don't think i will ! i mean you're not . you are not . hahaha i've admitted to it very openly when i've felt i was as if i were truly evil , but ... hi ! privet ! salam ! welcome ! i'm new here myself too :) i used to say the same myself , about countless interests . as a kid ( though i knew it was ridiculous ) i sometimes said i'd have a different ... aha even better . oh cool ! i'm not very used to mbti for others yet . but i heard intj is like , er , cool . like er coughevil mastermindscough but i'm probably completely wrong right ? the only people i ... hahahaha :') try that in real life , the reactions are great : laughing : so have you taken the mbti too ? care to share ? oh you , i like you . chance to let you thiiink i'm an expert . hmm why not , it sounds good to me , i give you full credit for this new career direction . if 20 years down the line i were to win an honor , or asked why ... bahahahaha-oh wait i lost my chance ? ? ? a picture on the internet caught my eye , voila , google image search . i can't help myself i get sudden extreme curiosity : tongue : oh i'll definitely check it out then ! haha originally it's italian so you wouldn't normally come across it i just like to look up anything that grabs my attention :P hahaha it's corto maltese ! a comic book character by the late hugo pratt . wow i haven't even seen the time bandits ( fail on my part ) but i saw the trailer and i see that : laughing : now i'll have to ... 0___0 eh . i will keep it in mind ! thank you ! that's great , love your name ... haha maybe he's just misunderstood , trying to be friendly : laughing : heyy so i've looking through these forums every once in a while and i thought might as well join in , because i might as well join in . but really everyone seems awesome and cool . : blushed : i'm an ...