' yes ! i just can't wrap my head around the refusal to evolve or at least just try it . i use that phrase a lot . exactly ! this partner actually used the phrase leave well enough alone a few weeks ago , and i told him that well enough was where you leave relationships to die . i just feel like ... in every relationship that i've been involved in , i feel like i experience the same type of breaking point before the relationship eventually comes to its end . it's basically like this : 1 ... i was keeping it pretty short , but .. it's a bit more complicated . we've been together long term and are expecting a daughter in april . it wasn't ever this bad until some coworker's started to ... someone help me . enfp completely in love and loyal to an extremely jealous and controlling entj . we work together . i can't even smile at a coworker or it's taken as an indication that i don't ... well that was a negative post . nonetheless i got quite the charge out of it . http://personalitycafe.com/images/smilies/1/laughing.gif [ / quote : flushed :: joy : also , i promise that i can give you a consistent and logical explanation or basis for any of my initially confusing or contradictory ideas . and the confirmed intj that i've asked about ... dabbling i didn't say that i necessarily walk into any type of relationship expecting to be fully understood and have my needs met ... i do , however , think that any long term , healthy , truly ... wow .. actually you probably have a point with the seeking out the positives versus seeking out the negatives . although i've been the one to end the very few relationships i've been in , after ... haha ! i just love that the entire list came from one person , in that exact order , within a time span of a few months .. and the whole time he was also telling me that i was so ... i mean .. i think i followed up . i reached out casually a couple more times after that . the questions were asked via text .. and i guess they were pretty personal , but they were set up to be more ... well .. i don't like to place too much significance on a potential partners mbti type , because theories are theories , but realistically people are wild cards . however , i have to admit ... hahaha ! i would totally agree with you from what i've read about my type .. however , i just don't see what makes me so unfathomable to other people . according to every source of mbti ... thanks for the encouragement and well wishes ! i'm just not so sure that getting to know me is a task that any sane person would have the motivation to complete . the last ( and possibly ... first , i apologize . i meant to say that my mom is an esfj . but yes , i do feel that sjs are completely bewildered by nfs , and do ( typically without realizing it ) try to impose ... the only kind of plague i would like to see ^ ^ [ / quote ] hahaha . i'm really not so sure you would .. i keep thinking that there's surely got to be someone that can at least appreciate and somewhat ... santafox yeah , those were my answers , too . i was thinking decency / respect for the other person rather than courtesy , but close enough . kdiosa whippit i completely relate to the feelings and thoughts that you guys expressed in your posts . i actually feel that i sometimes play up my naivety and innocence ... but it's not ... dabbling asity thanks for the input ! i'm not naive or dim enough to assume that a person's personality type fully explains or predicts his or her behavior , but i do enjoy learning about ... littlemermaid thanks for your thoughts on the situation ! nothing against him personally or the intj type ( and i totally agree with your comment ) , but i'm just disappointed by the games that ... newmango i don't really know what that means or what the difference is , but .. do explain , please . i know that he told me that he was honest and open ( the whole just ask kind of thing ) , so ... not sure if anyone was keeping up with my questions about an intj romantic relationship prospect , but ... update : two weeks and totally ghosted . so .. woohoo . there's that . i thought you ... i want to know about each encounter . how did it work out ? let's compare and contrast ! we've all read the stereotypes .. the most common being that intjs , entjs , and ( for whatever reason ) istjs are our ... right now , i'm feeling very frustrated . slightly restless . i'm tired of being let down by people . i met an intj a few weeks ago that described himself as being honest and open ( the whole just ... that's kind of interesting .. i too feel like i can often switch between a few different modes , but i think it's more of a reaction to the general vibe that we pick up on . my family also perceives me ... honestly , i'm an enfp and the most pleasant , stable relationship that i've ever been in was with an entj . there were other issues that i'd rather not share that made it .. best to move on when i was ... that's very likely . i am somewhat familiar with the maturity / development of different traits as well as our subtypes .. i know that i identify more with our ethical subtype . i also test as ... that's very likely . i am somewhat familiar with the maturity / development of different traits as well as our subtypes .. i know that i identify more with our ethical subtype . i also test as ... have you not read various descriptions of our type that include bubbly ? there are a lot of enfps even in this forum that seem to identify with that characteristic .. i'm also including any other ... is this just me or are there other enfps that don't identify at all with the stereotypical bubbly description ? i've seen a ton of descriptions of enfps that include the term bubbly , and i've ... changed perception of the topic . minx thank you for your explanation of the general intj ways of thinking ! luckily , i have a lengthy decision making process myself , so i don't stress too much about receiving a definite decision ... newmango haha ! no big deal .. like i said , my suspicions about someone were totally wrong for a year and a half ! it happens . newmango i'm not assuming anything . i mentioned the possibility . i'm constantly contemplating various possibilities in any situation . there's not really any dilemma .. at this point , i'm just ... ninjahitsawall i was hoping that dominant would adequately express the change in his demeanor , but truthfully .. by dominant , i mean this guy clearly has a sexually deviant side . i just wasn't ... thank you . i believe that you're right . and i do hold myself responsible for things that are out of my control . i think it's because i've noticed that i can be very persuasive , but i'm not exactly ... metamd i agree that it's much too soon to conclude anything about how this will unfold .. but i guess i was just more worried about the harassing him part . between my unique traits and my typical ... i don't know if this is the right way to do this , but i see a lot of complaints about starting new threads , so i'm just going to post my question right here . i'm an enfp female and i've just met ... everything that you've said makes sense .. figuring out how to move on is going to be very difficult , i believe . i hate to admit that i haven't ever had to fully move on . i've had ex lovers break ... not a player . unless i taught him how to play that role by allowing it and building confidence . i was the first casual relationship that he's ever been involved in . that was extremely obvious and i ... please , take a look at this thread that i originally posted in the intj forum : ... infj could be a possibility .. if he's using logic to display detachment and protect himself from vulnerability just as i use oversharing and expressing conflicting possibilities regarding my own ... istj seems a little to lukewarm for this guy . he * almost * seemed like myself in that he could read people and seemed to have all their possible motives and intentions weighing on him . he's intense ... oops .. :p roud : could be ! he does seem more sensitive and gentle than the stereotype for intj . but definitely , definitely analytical and most focused on and comfortable with logic . he just seems ... just realized that behavior regarding our outward appearances sounds like we were both just feeding into our egos in a way , but it was definitely more about sending a message about an idea that we ... slothpop , that sounds extremely possible , likely . but i can't be sure . while it's true , that i have experienced similar levels of infatuation , the possibility of finding stability and long term ... that's exactly what i thought , but his tendency to appear overwhelmingly arrogant and the constant debating and the logic and the contradiction all say intj . i think he must be some type of tj , ... i think your explanation is very accurate . i always find a way to hide my deepest feelings or i find a way to appear almost detached from my feelings to avoid vulnerability . but it happens so ... yeah .. i don't know . like i said , i feel like he may try reaching out again if i give him time and space , but i guess i don't know how exactly i'm supposed to react . and my natural problem ... he is spiritual , but doesn't preach or mention specific religions . he simply has said that he believes and has great faith in the divine and has mentioned his creator . i know that he attends ... '