most of my friends had to talk to me a lot before i finally opened up . my best friend made it her goal to say hi to me every morning until we had an actual conversation . took a few months . in ... i can't speak for all isfjs and i've only been on dates / in a relationship with one person , but i for one am really closed off and it takes a lot for me to open up to people . when i started dating my ... - only intuitives like philosophy - estps all want to get into your pants / have no self-control - only sensors like / are good at sports - judgers are super well organized all the time - being an ... none , because blanket statements ( esp relating to mbti ) are illogical and stereotypes aren't cool . if someone claims to hate a certain type then they clearly don't understand personality theory . i agree but i also hate cash overall . i'm a cashier part-time and i think it's super gross and inconvenient . obviously getting rid of it wouldn't work out well with older people but i wouldn't ... probably the old gods ? they're chill . then lord of light / the seven the only one i wouldn't even consider is the drowned god because that one seems like an asshole and i don't like the ironborn ... 1996 , isfj i'm isfj and i love them , especially musicals ! i don't mean to be that person , but the left-brain / right-brain thing is oversimplified at best and a myth at worst , and while it's true that different sides of the brain do function slightly ... happened to me in high school , but : i got this assignment from a very ( probably unhealthy ) ne-dominant teacher who taught this ridiculously wishy-washy class called theory of knowledge . she asked ... not necessarily , but many people who i have had toxic relationships with have had mental illnesses . when i started college i had a friend with bpd , among other things . it took a while , but eventually ... they mistype every outgoing person they dislike as esfj is probably the reason imo . esfjs are one of the scapegoats of the mbti community . anyone who ' dislikes ' an entire type has problems that ... when you closed ten minutes ago and you just want to go home but you make it longer than it has to be because you feel like you're being unfair if you don't give your late customers the same ... i took a test when i was first learning about mbti and we all know how tons of tests push the intuitive bias ( you think abstractly sometimes ? intuitive ) . it didn't take more than a day or two before ... sfj , pretty strong . i'm mostly libertarian / conservative and believe in the consistent life ethic ( pro-life , anti-euthanasia , anti-war , etc . ) i think compassion towards everyone is extremely important ... enfj entp esfj and now isfj pretty sure about isfj at least ! yeah , i get into a funk a lot , especially if i'm not doing something productive or if i haven't moved around for a while . i need to get out of the house a lot to avoid it . it's kind of a weird ... nice to meet you ! always great to get esxx types , esp considering how rare they are on perc ! really looking forward to seeing you around the forums ! i'm against it because i believe in the consistent life ethic ( pro-life , anti-war , anti-euthanasia , etc . ) , but i'm not going to pretend that i'm extremely upset when a terrible ... none , because bitchiness isn't determined by mbti ... i'm sadly not surprised that esfjs are leading , though . the mbti community has a terrible habit of mistyping anyone and every woman who's ... i'm extremely close to two istjs . one's considerably more healthy , i think , than the other , but both are 100 % istjs . what are they like ? ? ? the healthy istj ( my boyfriend ): - is an amazing ... hello , fellow isfj ! awesome to see more of us around on the forums ! i'm so sorry to hear about your breakup and i sincerely wish you the best , if you need anything let me know <3 i was really awful at talking to men ( despite having two brothers close to my age ) until i got into my first relationship . way too shy . now that i'm in a relationship , i'm pretty good at it . i ... hey ! ! ! always awesome to see someone around who has the same type of life as you do :D oh man , i used to take medicine and drink coffee but that was a bad idea , so usually i do one or the other so ... welcome to personalitycafe ! :D always good to have more sjs ! ! yeah , introversion =/ = misanthropy and / or shyness i'm an introvert and i absolutely love to be around my friends and significant other , i just need to take a break every once in a while . i'm ... isfj - samwise gamgee 9w1 , i'm pretty sure ! i have adhd so my memory is absolutely awful , but - - i often relate things to past childhood experiences . my boyfriend is an istj so we're both si-dominant and many times our conversations revolve ... i prefer to just call myself an egalitarian , i'm not a fan of modern-day feminism , especially considering how they treat pro-life women . i've had friends try to argue with me on this issue - i've ... i've always been pretty quiet / timid / shy , and it's definitely been an adventure trying to overcome that . this may not entirely be from my personality type , though ; i have inattentive adhd and there ... it was a mixture of choosing what i enjoyed and what was practical . i've always been more talented in english but my parents didn't really think that there was a real use to major in english , so ... oh lord , i completely misread this and thought that you actually did hit him , and i had a heart attack for a second : 0 i feel like violence / anger is more environmental . mbti doesn't seem to ... hello ! ! :D that's amazing ! my boyfriend ( an istj ! ) actually did a mission trip in turkey and he absolutely loved it ! welcome to perc , i hope you can find your type ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=argh8anOJQA this video makes you cry like a baby :'( extremely . i just don't tend to share unless asked . i only know two istjs who are for sure istjs . one is my dad , the other is my boyfriend . i've only ever seen my dad cry once , when his father died . that was it . : 0 i'm sure there are more emotional ... found this tumblr post the other day that claims patrick from spongebob is intp ... make of it what you will . got enfp but i'm pretty sure i'm isfj : 0 i think it's a good test though ! i kinda got isfj vibes from this , especially regarding the dislike of conflict and sort of in how others perceive you . seems tough to pick apart though , i can see why you're confused D: dad : istj mom : esfp me : isfj brother : istp brother # 2 : estp ? definitely quite the troublemaker , but he's difficult to type . sister : enfp ? i'm pretty sure about my dad and myself , but the ... anoninfp nice ! ! ! :D :D :D twinning ! ! ! / high five ! istj , from my personal experience . the ones i know tend to feel pretty guilty if they have other responsibilities , and while they can enjoy themselves it's difficult for them to relax entirely and ... peacemaker ( voi-s ): 57 % visionary 57 % observant 68 % introverted identity : supporting description here . i liked it ! :) it was simplistic but cute , not too long , and the questions were a ... i'm aware this is really lame , but generally i don't handle it well at all . i don't remember the last time i had an actual argument . sure , people have gotten annoyed or angry at me before , but when ... i'm isfj dating an istj and i agree with both for the most part except he's at least 65 % lovable <3 33 getting some serious isfp vibes , i honestly can't even think of anything else . 1 . i apologize a lot and it's a huge problem . on a related note , i do really poorly with conflict . 2 . i'm pretty ... ford fiesta . it's bright blue and i love it :D nice to meet you ! ! :D welcome ! welcome ! ! ! <3 your english is great ! can't wait to see you around the forums !