' hi all , i'm an infj whose brother has just lost a very very close friend of 26 years . my brother looked after him ( the friend had motor-neuron disease ) for the last 3 years and was with him right up ... wow , if i was into guy and he did that he'd be history , infjs are true romantics , didnt you know that ? valentines day of all days , how could you ? doh ! quote : really , it sounds like you're ... imo what you are ' suffering ' from here is a typical enneagram 4 thing . i have it too to some extent , or did , the enneagram really helped me . as soon as i realised that the 4 feels flawed , deep down , ... interesting topic for me , as i had a plan while back to ' pitch ' myself to an intj who runs a business . he employs about 30 people . i had in mind to become his ' apprentice ' and learn all aspects of ... hey , hint to gals who baulk at mascara ; get your lashes tinted ! that's what i do , about every 3 weeks if i'm in caring mode ... you can then do the lash curler and clear mascara if you want , but lash ... i don't drink very often at all nowadays but will get tipsy now and again , usually a social occasion , but sometimes just at home alone i will have a glass or two . i have a family history of ... the esfjs in my life do the following : ummm ... endlessly bore on about trivial crap , could be about some random person / event and they will go into endless detail so then he said , blah blah , then i ... fi . i'm not a mindreader . i have upset infps and isfps and to this day i dont even know what i did or said to make them turn off me . even whe i ask , they wont say . it shits me no end . i would say i'm all three , depending on the circumstances . 1 ) ' op-shopping ' ( thrift shopping ) i always say even if i won a lottery i would still do this ! 2 ) playing loud music while driving , preferably countryside driving , i always have big selection on ... embedding doesnt work for me , i dont see any button for video , but anyway : the seekers ( live , 1999 ) - when the stars begin to fall - youtube i'm sending one to john cassavetes up in heaven :) random selection , many omissions lee ingleby in ' nature boy many infp male actors including sean penn , philip seymour hoffman , heath leger , loads more ... the guy who plays quin in homeland ... when i was a kid , my family would go for picnics in the countryside ; it was typically a river with ' bush ' ( woods , forest ) all around , maybe a gorge ... so anyway , quite a few times i'd find myself ... dear infp . for the first time in 4 years you get no valentine from me , nor ever again . over your endless passive aggressive crap , and i hope you do turn up tomorrow just so i can blank you . i just saw the most beautiful film , a documentary , that i cant stop thinking about . it's called this way of life and was made here in new zealand . i'd been very keen to see it after ... i don't think my sex drive is that high these days so i'm probably a demisexual ? one of my preferences is for sex outdoors , in nature setting . have tried many things and agree variety is good to ... smart ( well i topped my class all through school with little effort so maybe ... ) creative ( work in creative fields , always have ) an eccentric not sure why i get called eccentric . i don't ... esfj mum , and sister ... meh , can barely get along unless i keep it reaaallly superficial . . even after i have explained to them the difference between introversion ad extraversion they have no ... ' the windhover ' is one of the few poems i've ever memorised by heart , first heard it on ' the waltons ' ! i like many many poets but i urge all infjs to check out rainer maria rilke especially in ... hi all , whilst i am not exactly losing sleep over this issue , i wonder if any enfps can advise ? thanks . well i have this enfp male friend , not a close friend exactly , but we have a lot of mutual ... i had to doorslam an esfj a year or two ago for similar bs . no regrets . in the last coupla weeks ive had to do same to a pushy bossy overbearing enfj who decided that im some kind of pushover that ... i read a good method to try for ppl that test ad get differing results each time . try answering the test ( i used this one ) personality test based on c . jung and i . briggs myers type theory and ... years ago i loved the french film ' rendezvous by andre techine , i think it came out in the 80s and starred juliette binoche and lambert wilson . i also enjoyed the 2 of the ' 3 colours ' trilogy ... well i went out with an entp and although he wasnt ideal boyfriend material , we got together cos of having intense and vibrant conversations from the minute we met . he is uber-intelligent and madly , ... just watched ' brideshead revisited ' again ... so good except for the crazy bad ending ! haha ' the forsyth saga ' with damian lewis as soames was fantastic ! i just pushed a couple of films onto a mate to watch , both fantastic imo ' american beauty ' was one , and ' in my father's den ' was the other , but these are just chosen from dvds that i own ( not many ) ... well i'm realatively new to mbti and i'm relying mainly on me typing them , and sometimes years after , but have had serious relationships with at least 2 infps and fell hard for another but it went ... my mother is esfj and our relationship has always been rocky . she likes to micromanage my life ( at myage ! ! ) my esfj sister i fell out badly with , twice now , and i still find she wants to argue over ... i love tiramisu too , or any soft squishy desserty thing . i like fudge too . i try and avoid these things for the most part , like just not buy them , and i usually dont even keep sugar in my very sparse ... speaking as a well into middleaged woman , never married , no children ( by choice ) , and only 2 pretty lame relationships in the last 15 years , yes i am thinking i am bound to be alone . it used to ... sad topic for me ... well i was really really keeen on this infp guy i met 3 years ago , from the second i met him , it was like pow ! to cut along story short , i made a massive hash of pursuing him ... ok well i'm dog mad and i am onto my third poodle of my life . she sleeps in my bed , as did the others , i try and take her everywhere with me . she's scruffy and i groom her myself , ( she don't wear ... the only person i would ever want to swap lives with , tilda swinton , turns out to be infj , she's my big girl-crush :) ( otoh i never could stand nicole kidman , go figure ! ) i have massive ... lots of infps on that list afaik , cobain , depp ( ? ) et al . but thanks my dad is intp and i'd be surprised if jung was intp ; jung's interests and topics were so broad ... arent intps meant to be more narrow in focus / interest ? another thing ; jung's writings really ... in new zealand , cant see any other infjs here , but would love to meet up if you are here , ay kiwis :) ive been in volved indirectly in a lawsuit brought by an entj ... he has a cause , has kind of cast himself as a knight in shining armour that has ridden in and rescued some guy that he thinks has been ... awww , this reminded me of something that happened a long time ago ... my infp ex bf phoned me in another country , out of the blue , crying , and said i just want things to go back to how they were ... ps the girl you feel guilty about from the past , why not write her a letter ( as in not expecting any reply ) and just tell her the truth ; that you feel bad still bout how you treated her . dont expect ... wow , i can also relate to much of what you've said . i was in a similar headspace for maybe 18 months of the last 2 years and have been in various similar circumstances at various times . here's my 2 ... well , i can let mess pile up at times but after a while it really gets to me , looking at squalour , so ill have a big cleanup and feel fantastic , i try and have a place for everything and to be more ... stephen mitchell's translations of rilke are amazing too and i'd highly recommend rilke to all infjs thanks for the pointer anyway , will check it out . i enjoy the i ching and jung was right into ... i cant say making friends was a problem in childhood , and i still am friends with my besties from high school days ; they live away from me but when we catch up its always just taking up as if we saw ... media beat-ups over s * * t that really does not matter ! i have recently discovered the joys of gardening ... also , drinking great coffee , reading / browsing all kinds of books and magazines , op-shopping ( thrift-shopping ) i never tire of this , not only for ... i have felt for many years that as humans we all have both good and evil in us . i feel that introverts look at themselves and see that , maybe more than say , some extrovert types would . it's like , ... gotta say i do know one esfj guy and hes a doll , would help anyone , seems a decent human being . having said that i loath 4 esfj females . really hate them . manipulative , gameplayers the lot of em , and ... lordy , just watched ' real housewives of orange county ' omg they seem to be all that is worst in esfjs ! ! ! ugh , damien lewis , actor , anyone ? man he floats my boat ! hahah '