' will you be able to tell what is your passion ? when i first find out my personality type , the first thing i do is thoroughly reading what is my enfp strenght , i really want to know what is ... maybe its not common among you guys . sorry , but i love estj . she is my guardian :) although ia am enfp and it said that we are not compatible friend . but she is like my sister , and had ... thanks pinina its a typo . i only met and being closed to two female estj . and i was surprised they both share this traits . from my observation . some of enfj have this problem . including my ex . but you guys actually have lot of potential . you just underestimate yourself . hesitating and thinking too much will ... i have long term plan for my business . i love and enjoy it . but when i can pass it on . i would like to have freedom to do what i want and to go where i want to go . my duty to my kids is the ... maybe that is true . they confided in me . they are open to me . i like the deep conversation that i have with them . the relationship is really stimulating my mind and my heart . but what im ... maybe we connect well because of enf that we share . but the p and j really contradict . what i dont like about them is their negativeness in new idea . hesitate and think too much and it slow them ... today after 20 years . i have conversation with my ex and find out that he is enfj . he pursue me for five years back then in high school and college . and still cannot forget me and say he never find ... my best friend and business partner is intp . yes , we could talk for hours . we always help each other out . i am blessed with his friendship . just from my personal encounter .. i have a good friend that is enfj and co-worker that is also enfj . what i could say about them , they always strive for perfection . i have to wait patiently if ... hahaha .. its sure cool to snuggle in your bed in the morning , but theres so much work to do . have to get up and chase my dream ;) it was fun right ;) when i first read it , i think of enfp and sharing it here . my favourite pastime hobby , now hardly can find time to sleep all day long . to all enfp who likes to sleep :) https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=193658437659154&id=154109934947338 if all my friends i'm hanging out is from nf's forum , i would say how about we go for star wars movie and figure out what is in the movie that the nt are always crazy about :P https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UQOXG-dsMRY love the lyrics of this song :) my best friend is my eldest son , he is infp whom i can be totally open , share my worries and discuss things with him . he refreshes me on lots of things . i have lots of friend , but the only close ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UQOXG-dsMRY tell me honestly , would you still love me the same ... early in my life , i will always follow my conscience . but i didn't regret all the decision that i took . i believe everything that happens in the past are the things that formed us to be that ... sleep ;) one of my close friends aka business partner is intp and we get along so well :) just believe in yourself and start doing it :) you will do great ! dancing by yourself will surely boost your energy and mood . dancing with your kids will surely boost our energy and mood . like to dance to music once in a while :) hakuna matata ! don't worry of what other people thinks . what is important , you know that you are true to yourself . time will tell . life goes on :) hahaha .. when i was in college , my roomates would call me sleeping beauty . because if i have nothing better to do , i will just sleep and daydreaming :P back then , all of your friends would ... for me , its like we can be both . if situation needs us or if we feel like to be extrovert , we could just be a very incredible extrovert . for me , once in a while . i just need some time alone , ... i can be extrovert when i want to . if there a reason to be , like i am the one holding the event or i am the hostess . people would be surprised if they saw me . i genuinely like honest people and ... soul to soul , heart to heart , if we were able to see beauty , right into them , would we always be happy , to find someone with such beauty , but ... i think you should intonyp , because before this i thought i have a crush on intj after i make him take the test really shocked with the result . different contrast :P thanks centralman for everything :) i pray that one day , a hell bent enfp will look into your soul and find beauty in it . hahaha .. vinniebob , thanks for the wish :) pretty sure you are excited about the movie ... may the force be with you too . he is enfj rezo . i am okay lucyyy :) after finding out that he is not intj , it feels much easier to let go . he is enfj . you are right maust , i must not use my personal judgement based on my intp friend . don't worry qingdom it is just based on my personal opinion . each intp is unique . maybe this is just my intp friends traits . i agree , that is what i felt with my intp project partner . the synergy is so strong , whenever we met . we would usually have non stop of conversation and lots of idea and creativity would come out ... sorry intonyp it is just my personal opinion based on my intp friend . maybe you could be intp just a unique on :) [ quote = starbuckskat ; 2390861 8] i have project partner , whom i thought was infj based on his characteristic . i asked him to take the test , just to confirm my intuition but his result is intp .. ... you are right cyamitide . i have created a thread in enfj . it really help . i will try to share it here the response that i got :) thanks gilly , no i know how to say the right words . very informative :) thanks for giving me insight of enfj perspective i will take your advice on this :) thanks lucyyy , skeletalz , vinniebob , ephemerald , rezo , mr senium , icy heart , vitamin , thepe , miharu for all your advice . especially to centralman , mzku , runeraven and orr ... hi there enfj . there is a enfj guy in the creative and graphic department , who i considered good at designing . he is reliable and performed . but whenever i came up with improvement or new ... there is this enfj in the creative and graphic department , who i considered good at designing . so far he performed . but whenever i came up with improvement or new idea on the design or concept , ... reading this , its just like that you have stab a dagger right in the center of my heart . its hurt . i know you are right mzku . thanks . hahaha , could never imagine doing that centralman :) thanks for makes me feel better :) i have gone through worst situation , i think i will surpassed this . hmm .. to 100 % confirm it , when i see him next time . i will make him take the test in front of me . i use firefox too but i have no problem accessing the website , maybe something to do your isp ? but here you go : thought catalog march 31 , 2015 herex 92s why youx 92re still single based on your ... its actually scared me , when i see his way of dealing with the realtionship that he is in to . seeing how his mind work on relationship , its quite cold . i totally agree with you centralman on this , but i will and can never be a hell-bent enfp . hehehe :) '