' well basically this is where i am . started mbti-ing several months ago . i was in a bad place and wasnt healthy up in the brain . and i tested as infp , well most of the time . sometimes id get a j , and ... wing 1 , if i cant do it right i'll just nap until i can . yeah the other day someone walked in on me admiring the corners in a stairway on campus ... its actually my cellphones background atm = b when you've been trying to figure out how to live with someone . then one day they finally blow up and flip shit about you being a passive aggressive bitch . then afterwards you realize the thing the ... i just told my friend that goes to a lot of concerts this in a text message when you get pics with band guys ask them to take a silly face pic with you . then after they agree , which they all ... when you consider putting a halt to group viewings of so you think you can dance because its so hard to fight back the tears that some of the dancers pull out of you ! omg i should embark on a very similar journey . why dont police people pick up litter ? when out on patrol its mostly just down time , so is there really absolutely nothing productive they could be doing for atleast some of that time ? ? omg yes ! ! ! or when you suddenly realize youve been staring at someones ass for five minutes and worry if anyone saw you and assumed you were checking out whatever ass happened to be in you ... ok so this may make me sound really conceited ... but i trust that everyone here is smart enough to know that is not my goal in the least . so one of the biggest problems in my world right now is ... quinton wisely eludes raccoons , often perceived inauspicious underlings . always searching depths for long gone honesty , useful if you choose elegant verisimilitude . masked invaders : noisily , ... haha thank you ! ! ! im glad you were able to get something out of that . and very deff think this is very good advice . * slowly begins hunt * where do i find you guys in real life ? ! ? ! ? ! ? and how do i recognize you ? this is for romantical reasons . if there are forums or such that would answer theres qs that already exist . can you link me ... bubble bubble , bbbluuurhhhm , oh look who it is ... ok im glad i read this ... this is crazy ... this quite a very much yesss : laughing : generous dreamer here , puru puru . i havent seen any other generousers so i figd id put up most of it . you are a dreamer although you often think more broadly , you prefer comfort to ... flutter , butter , fluffer . have , half , harold . green drops of winking eyes . trickle down the moving statue whispers echo . florp een ust . florp een ust . a forgotten crutch . a tree that , never before , did i see ! pouring out like too much mayonnaise ! when you post a couple time in a handful of threads ... then begin to worry that everyone tired of seeing you post . i try to keep reminding myself how ridiculous that is , but my mind is so strong ... one time when i was ill with a fever , about 6 or so , i was alone in the livingroom laying on the couch facing into the kitchen . then i saw the food come alive and have a literal food fight . i dont ... whop . stop before you pass the start . hearth ablaze with colored flames . tame the beast , splat . trap the beast , hat . surrender the horns . finish after you go . shmo . he actually introduced me to mbti . and he says he knows a lot about infps cus he used to test as one . the problem is probably me not displaying this as an actual need clearly enough . i second guess ... socioapathetic thank you very much . but i think i must admit , since i have a bit of an honesty streak going , i dont see myself asking for anyones help or support . i never really gained that ability ... i completely and utterly understand exactly what you are saying . when i start to see cracks in my current situation i begin to chip away at them . eventually creating something i can no longer live ... when you cant speak up about the things ppl are doing that make you hate them . and you just end up hating them more cus they keep doing it . even though to you it seems like the most obviously ... i hate how assertive i have to be to get an entp to do any kind of simple task . he is always so caught up with the ideas he never stops talking about that he leaves virtually zero time to take in ... hahaha this must be one of those rare questions that all entps answer the same . waaaka ! ! ! this album came out today . and i frakkkin love it . artist - kyary pamyu pamyu album - pamyupamyurevolution track - sukisugitekiresou ... i cant tell if im throwing away something that i really love or if im simply still just feeling things out . it seems like the only way i know how to create change in my life is by essentially ... there are things i want to say . but im just not ready . nor do i think anyone around me is ready . it can be so incredibly draining for me . i think even for an entp he talks a lot ! but we have quite a bit in common and he has perspectives on things that take me more than a minute to figure out ... hopefully i can offer some insight . firstly , see what really gets a reaction out of her . not a usual pleasant non committal one but one that makes her really smile and almost take a second to ... last quarter in my screenwriting class my writing became partly identified as always including a sex scene . hahaha my favorite moment was being compared to john hughes and gregg araki . squee . bahahaa i live with one of you guys , i know how it is . omg hear 5 second on the entp threads and of course i come across you talking yourselves up ! of course its on a thread intended to do the opposite . of course . your probably right . i will try to be blunt and assertive ! if he reads this ... lol heyo all ! ok so dont take offense to this but sometimes i just really need my roommate to stop talking for a minute ... just normally so i can think for a second . i hope its not coming out sounding ... when you see a a post on this site that is 2 years old , and then see the user only ever made that single post . then you begin to wonder what happened to them after that single post . ok i apologize for my double posting , im trying to reacquaint myself with how forums work . havent been on one in years . howdy there refugee ! ! ! i like the setting you are presenting ! ! ! lol thanks ! ! im glad to be hear . i just hopeful that i can stick and actually make this place as useful as i know it can be ... so how are you ? thanks ! ! im glad to be hear . i just hopeful that i can stick and actually make this place as useful as i know it can be ... so how are you ? hello all . i just created an account so i could finally post all the things ive been thinking about since being introduced to the site a couple days ago ... so my friends and i have been on a mbti ... '