' ... doubting whether did i choose the right college major , right now . because , i'm not sure if ... designing stuff is my passion . ( at least not right now ) hyperbole and a half by allie brosh ( from the same titled blog of hers ) lovesong by adele just got home , preparing to write an overseas hand-written letter to a friend . breathing underwater by metric siomays . maybe you can try to consider other people's feelings ... ? ( my intj friend will said things like , are they considering my feeling ? * facepalm * ) tending relationships ( between ... i'll be seeing you by billie holiday graduate and understanding about feeling . fire escape by foster the people . taurus ( ´ ω ｀ * ) when i was in kindergarten , i was that kid that really hard to eat when it's time for lunch ... then one day , my uncle locked me in to the dark unused bathroom for the housekeepers that full with ... midnight memories by one direction . it's played in my head ... please stop ... * headache * orz team by lorde ヾ ( ´ ∀ ｀ ) ノ choco spread sandwich . i dreamed about ... my mother who scolded me for being to impractical , slowpoke , and clumsy in a some kind of train station ( or some kind of mrt station ) then my hands are coated with melting ... does perception affecting our life ? still wondering about that for awhile ... changing perception from being pessimistic to optimistic is hard . orz chocolate by the 1975 hedgehog . - i don't really get how feelings work . - i thought once in awhile that i am an intp , but slightly crooked . - i don't really agree with those labeling they did to every mbti types ( labeling makes me ... trying to collect my will to get up , take a shower , and go to school . seeing ' real people ' ... ( - , - ) * sigh * i feel anxious about tomorrow's exam ... my mind feels so empty ... i'm tired ... i spent my time thinking about unnecessary things that had nothing to do with school stuff ... i'm in a dilemmatic ... how to actually concentrate in one thing at a time ... ( @д @ ) some food called onde-onde and and some fried banana ... ヾ ( * ´ ∀ ｀ ) ﾉ why try to change me now ? by fiona apple still unsure about posting on other types thread ... ( is it okay ... ? ) ( ´ ー ｀ ) a get inside , take away one ice cafe latte , continue with today's journey . graduate from high school . and ... find a life partner . * washed by depress wave * something between us by daft punk . ( ノд ` ) ・ ゜ ・ 。 a shooting star , that actually fell on top of me to be a mini figure of an ancient egypt civilization encyclopedia . * i don't even know * orz skylark by . abbey lincoln the devil wears prada ... i guess i've seen glimpse of reality . ( oao rice with sweet black soy sauce omelet . * almost everyday meal , beside instant noodle * ( ´ д ｀ ) just passed math exam ... i felt kind of bad ... i didn't really do it well ... between two things ... i still couldn't choose which one should i learn more . dream science or digital art . ヽ ( ´ ー ｀ ) ノ 1 . could you explain your situation ? ( e . g . , i'm a full-time student or i work full-time , et cetera ) . - - full time student , but sometimes i take some commissions when i'm free * promotion xd * ... cowboy bebop the movie dat jazz tune ! ! ! ( ≧ ▽ ≦ ) the neighbourhood - w . d . y . w . f . m ? homemade-yesterday's - pancake . sometimes a little company wouldn't be so bad ... ( ´ ω ｀ ) watching concert replays . because i missed the actual replay on tv . http://youtu.be/qKBaxV-lyeA * ( * ´ ∀ ｀ * ) ☆ bruno ~ bruno mars ~ ! ! * at last i watch / listen the replay * lol ヾ ( * ´ ∀ ｀ * ) ﾉ sometimes i play the game of life too seriously and i guess these lenses of mine is too over-focused on the mini-games . what is a relationship again ? i should've known that when i stand on that serious side , i should also bring my heart with me . but this heart is heavy and thorny . how can i bring it with me to ... must i restrict this mind ... maybe not restrict , it's more like controlling it . so it will not harm others ... ( or rub them in the funny side ) buzzcut season by lorde i usually try to pilled it up in my mind until i get to write it down of something . ヽ ( ´ ー ｀ ) ノ if i forgot it ... they'll come back eventually ... but without people in it , there is no life . like ... there will be no civilization , no one will tend the world ( or using what's good in it ) , and make things inside it . we ( humans ) are the only ... ... must ... do it ... ... must ... do it ... * progress slowly * * get distracted * * primary project was abandoned until day - 1 before the deadline * orz no ... i can't live like this ... must ... i usually rub someone on the funny spot ... even if i'm not doing anything funny . they tried ( in teasing way ) but , they kind of bored with me ... idk :/ my mother always said to tell the ... '