' i am ancient , older than time , eternal . my memory not what it once was , or all that it could ever be , due to ether huffing x96 note the delaying tactics as i truly have no idea who riley is . ta for ... my favourite quote , ever . o solon , solon , you hellenes are but children and there is never an old man who is an hellene . solon , hearing this , said , what do you mean ? i mean to say , he replied , that ... lol good line are u sure your entj ? it works in the manner of no-sense eek kitty stop running up my bare legs .. new kitty i digress where was i yes no-sense - nonsense latin - nonsenium fin dunno any so am gonna say no the convo - he mentioned the movie u saw as gibberish and struggled to explain pleasantries about some rot hed never go and see in a million billion years convo analysed ... the end oh ask him ... erm , unless someone screams at me i am interested in thee you handsome slipper wearer and shakes me hard oh , and fills my pockets with muffins and cookies i assume no interest ... and that is your ... magnetising myself with fridge magnets , fightclub , spoon bending , ruling the cosmos , knitting , quoth the raven : crazy : surely you mean entjs just like seizing everything they fancy ... which is why i exist in the ethereal . i digress , blaming everyone else including parents - ive none a stork delivered me from ... welcome to the site forum heh i type this out everytime no copying and pasting for me no sireee heh i type this out everthyme no copying and pasting for me no sireee welcome to the site / forums hmm not much to work with their , ors it there - which is where i always introduce myselfs . welcome to the site / forums heh whats wrong with us rugged intj men welcomes yous too the sites welcome to the site there is no escape : shocked : they day i run outa stuff to say in intros is the day godzilla retakes the planet . see its easy , now someone loan me a spaceship by next ... i like a good title me thats because whatever the hell my names is these days staggers in hoots oh oki ps welcome to the site hugs me mad addum finiun wtf did i mean oh my wit sciethes thee in 3 i have white wine chilled to minus 30 madam may i meet you in the bushes and i always make sense lites up a cig meh welcome to the site welcome to the site why should i message you ? oh you like slippers good enough for me no-one worthwhile to keep in touch with . so the logical answer is we do not and everyone else sucks at being worth while . have i taught yous lot nothing 1 . hybrid cars ? yes , albeit a pithy attempt by those rapscallion car makers in cahoots with energy conglomerates to bleed the urth dry at a marginally slower rate 2 . classical music ? ... add in a rock ... your sister seems psychotic op dont tell her i said that any god ( s ) existence is illogical / nonsensical . to state otherwise is the first sign of having brain worms gorging through you tasty grey matter leaving vast voids in coherency . the defence ... hmm well ive a couple of unique ones other than that i hate bad tattoos , generic tattoos , ugly tattoos and i dislike pictures of people thrusting the above on profile pics all scabous blergh ... what make you think me a nerd ? i of unspeakable nite terrors , muses grrrrrrr ps welcome to the site :D i like making people think and destroying their brains welcome to my reality the only one that matters nice avatar ive 50 degrees possibly 6 doth one need help ? id loch all you e's up come to think of it every other type including the alleged 99 % of my own . i am beyond your megre brain watagess understanding am a tea pot short and stout oh look alice ... bless an anarchist , or antichrsit , who smotes the title yet dosnt raise a giggle in me , nor negate the balse statement of intent . what would you like me to hit you up for readies the fridge ... hei welcome to the site forums hope you have a great time bonjury welcome to the site / forums welcome to the site and forums i play the spoons myself welcome to the site / forums may you blossom welcome to the site and forums up is relative apologies i try and greet , whence someone new says hello with a location in their language i would be happy know which tongue you speak in dunno they work when they are out-with the required size or perhaps i am an exception to the rule # have you tried leathering your pc with a hammer ? greetings upside down girl and welcome to the site and forums hei welcome to the site / forums welcome to the site forums i am half crippled with m . e . and a pauper been my life's ambition to find a loon just like me and inherit the earth well lets establish its very broad spectrum in that both words are part of a very long line . good___evil___hobgoblins___entjs___nawty intjs joking ... hmm fish cods wallop harp carp hmm ah 68 ) go about screaming carpe diem mfoookers and then tell people how fabulous you are . no you pathetic creature .. one must destroy this lot from the outside in have i taught the world wide web nothing i truly love all fabulous entjs where should i bow to eject my vomit my friend of a friend of a friend of a friend of a friend of a friend of a friend of a friend of a friend of a friend of a friend of a friend of a friend of a friend of a friend of a friend of a ... ooo i got one a poool of carbolic acid which one of you do i win ? oh , hullo god will i go to heaven what , you want me to bomb people to smithereeens ... okis then do i get 40 virgins my penis is available from space ... and half the internet , if you know what i mean and am sure that you do , has seeen it this sheikh sounds inadequate and i challenge him to whip it out now tilts head 26 degrees to the nne so wheres my burds then ? leathers it with his pc fixer up hammer what a fine name you have i find your avatar to be drenched in lunacy welcome to the site forums '