' i of course am interested in hearing feedback from men / women in an attractive sense as well . i work in a corporate environment and wonder sometimes if my hair is viewed as being sloppy . opinions please , thank you . you won't know what type you truly are until you understand functions , or in the least , take a functions test ( jungian cognitive functions test ) and post your results here . i highly doubt you are actually awkward around people if you have been truly called all these things . just not possible . as an infj , have you ever been told you are any of the following : charismatic magnetic enigmatic alluring aloof genuine passionate i absolutely agree with you now , i am an infj . i do test as intp frequently , but the evidence suggests infj when one looks at my functions and the way i navigate reality .. i also want to comment on how sketchy i'm probably coming off as . although i can ( and do ) manipulate others into doing what i want , i've never hurt anyone maliciously and am greatly put off by cruel ... i wrote the poem in my signature about myself . it sums up my insides in a symbolic way . not sure how much that will help your personality dissection . and as far as you being shocked intps can be ... if i had to pick five of those traits and order them according to their predominance in my personality it would be in this order : 1 . expert classifier 2 . deductive analyst 3 . abstract ... does the poem in my signature resonate with you ? if yes , what mbti type are you ? without having to type it out , and based solely on the poem , could you hypothesize why i'm asking this to 4w3 ... i almost want to question if any of the people replying on the social mystique thread have any idea of who they are at the core . i completely resonate . the thread could be titled owner's manual for the way my brain works . down to the very last paragraph--there are secrets within me that have never even been spoken out ... we just discussin ' sista :) dreamer , if someone was insulting my beliefs i wouldn't want to discuss it with them . if they're nicely disagreeing with me and telling me why without getting worked up , my spirituality and ... ahh , need to keep up with this more . i'm blowing the thread up with my replies ! clusterfuck means huge amounts of information . i can read one chapter in the middle of a novel and tell you what ... yes , avoiding attention is a huge , gigantic , big thing for me . i can't stand it and will do almost anything to get around it . it's bizarre i'm so charismatic naturally in social situations because ... i have no qualms making direct eye contact in person with anyone if i'm sober . i don't look so hesitant in person as i do in the video--i felt kind of awkward making it . i'm actually very ... i didn't know how intelligent i was until i got to college and started attracting attention to myself , so i did create an ego about it later on in my life . same situation as you and the military--i ... infj probably , but intp as well . i have a feeling my fi and t are split very evenly . my ex took the online test and scored intp as his first and only time . he's explosive and angry , i could ... however that created my issue .. i put up facades socially to just avoid entire interactions all together or please people into not talking to me anymore , i feel like getting to know the true me is ... i was a total loner but i laughed constantly when comfortable or just with my parents . i role played unicorns and horses via writing online starting around 9 years old . i played a lot of simulation ... i don't mean to sound so argumentative either , i sound harsh as hell ! lol i believe meaning , fulfillment , and self actualization are found by researching concrete knowledge such as psychology , quantum physics , history , etc . with an analytically perceptive , creative eye . ... i am very intellectual . i graduated from a state college in three years with both stealth dyslexia and higher honors ( 3.6 gpa ) . it was painful to read you questioning your initial vibe from me , ... i really enjoy counseling people and talking to them about their problems when they show sincere interest . i am an excellent listener , it comes naturally and always has . if someone appears to be ... by including wat i made it clear i knew i made no sense , and only wished to know if others had experienced my current state of nonsense before duh is there anyway i could be infj ? i have an english literature degree and am a writer , artist , and dancer--i've been insanely creative my entire life . i am much more creative than my intp ex . this was a cross post :( dlt dlt dlt interesting , i already consider myself self-actualized . although i am posting to gain insight on another intp , he isn't a source of woe in my life or hindering me in any way . he was at one point , ... thank you so much for your reply ! i absolutely have been through some shit , falling in love being the root of my awakening . i'm trying to figure out where my other intp is in this equation , if that ... 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... for video youtube link , private message me ! or search it on google - - intp female personality by youtube account eezeybreezey myer brigg help , please . i think i'm a healthy intp female , almost ... '