' rizzoli from rizzoli and isles . in the books she's supposed to be a very plain woman . in the tv show they cast angie harmon which i found a little dissapointing shouldn't every single answer be posting a comment on this thread ? lol happy new year you're my only vice that's worth the sacrifice how much i should be studying for my economics test :( i want cheese hummus hands off the good china ! well ok maybe i should add more . : rolleyes : i'm a college student . i'm pretty reserved . i don't like sharing personal stuff that much , but i also love talking to people , so i guess that's a ... i identify as introverted thinker for now . : crazy : i like dry , sarcastic humor . jokes that are too much like just random talking aren't my favorite . i like one-liners . hi . i hate introductions . can i post these faces instead ? ... i'm a little disappointed in how serious this thread has become . dear briesas i got a notification of a mention ! so i showed up to check it out . thanks for linking to my own thread , i think i needed to read it again for myself . shoot , i'm a goddamn genius ! ... dear falling leaves you're an intp in the first and an istp in the second and an intp in your profile and an istp in your signature ... see a therapist . - istp p . s . kidding . he needs tough love and deadlines and structure . he's not entrepreneurial material i don't think . istp either are or aren't .. not a lot of middle ground for how self directed we are holla ! what ? sorry did you say something ? you could be describing me . are we married ? creepy . highly doubt armstrong is istp . i'd say he's a judging type . also celebrities are not exactly the people to use as the mold of a type . you'll actually find that istp are very anti-cheating ... i have the effing cutest baby in the world seriously 5w6 , so / sp well my husband spent 4 years on convincing me to talk . now i'll usually talk . sometimes i'll even volunteer information ! but usually i'll just go do something that i know will make him ask me ... wot ? you're back to 9 fix ? 5-8- 3 i rarely mesh well with estj no . i don't test other boundaries . in fact , i treat other peoples boundaries the way i want mine treated , because i'm extremely sensitive ti having my boundaries crossed . now that's not to say i ... my 6 yr old has never been anything like other kids even from infancy . he's been diagnosed as aspergers . i'm actually hoping that combining all these diagnoses will make it easier to get him ... http://news.medill.northwestern.edu/chicago/news.aspx?id=213072 aspergers syndrome has been removed as a diagnosis . they will now lump all similar disorders onto one , autism spectrum disorder . ... bah ! these threads are ploys to remind introverted thinkers how little we connect with people and thus have no judgments to give or receive . ( i'm just jealous that i don't have friends . ) she ate all the fucking candy . i think the correct response is not anymore my office looks like a tornado sat down to do some paperwork and then an earthquake hit . my husband says the typical question he gets asked is so ... did she have fun ? does she not like us ? i couldn't read her at all 5w6 so / sp according to your questionnaire responses , your attachment-related anxiety score is 2.33 , on a scale ranging from 1 ( low anxiety ) to 7 ( high anxiety ) . your attachment-related ... i really agree with this . my needs are lesser then those of my enfj 6 husband . for a while i actually had some resentment over this , because i felt it was too imbalanced for our relationship this is dead on for me i mailed in my ballot today . i even made a facebook status about it . hopefully that means facebook will still pulling up romney's page and saying you might like this ! really facebook ? ? ... yup , type 5 . i thought i was a 9 back when i didn't know anything about enneagram . watch the goonies . filmed in astoria , or . that's basically what it's like . the guy can't make a personal connection with an audience to save his life . his supporters don't necessarily like him they're just rallied up behind his conservative viewpoints . this guy ... dear america , don't vote for mittens just because you hate obama ! vote the issues ! ( the real issues not the fake ones they throw out to distract you ) sincerely logic seriously you guys . i'm gonna eat till i'm dead i'm married to an enfj by physical intimacy , are we talking sex or cuddling or both ? physical intimacy = don't need it . not a cuddler . emotional intimacy = now that i'm married , i do need it with my husband , but i ... i think entj . bait with food . or beer . we'll generally walk into a trap both knowingly and willingly if we'll get food out of it . i dunno i think it just makes me a little combative . if i feel attacked ( and care ) , i will attack back at double their force . just turned 31 recently change your name to indecisive . it suits you . =P i'm a soul crusher but not a conniver . i need to work on that . for me personally there has been many times my husband has said i'm concerned about x and i didn't see the logical reason for it , so i was very dismissive . you have to understand that i'd treat my ... '