' - you put up notes everywhere reminding you to get a new bottle of hand santizer , since you can't count on being near a bathroom , and right when you need it-you realize you forgot to buy it ... edit : oops , didn't mean to post that here . and then something slightly funny happened : it kinda came back to me of its own accord . i'm not sure how i feel about that , either . i'm not even sure what to make of it . but it kinda cheered me ... i let go of something that i held to for ten years today . i'm not sure how i feel about it . i just deep fried a reses peanut butter egg and a cadberry cream egg . what the hell is wrong with me ? ( also , right after the candy eggs came out of the oil , the scotch eggs-which is a hard boiled ... getting closer but not there yet . dream job never called back-but i think they got inundated with calls and contacts . actually , i didn't see you when i posted-so there's one person that i recognize . i was actually referring to that post itself ( yes , the post references itself . oddly meta in a way ) . - you started playing a video game / alternate reality game where a good 80 % of the game involves doing internet research . - you realize this , think this would be a good thing to post on perc , and ... i have one problem with this . it's almost an apollo 18 reference . seriously , nobody see that movie unless you have a serious case of insomnia and a high tolerance for truly awful filming . ... you know what's harder then making a super-complicated code ? making a super-complicated code that has enough clues to be solvable . getting lost on a hiking trail . yes , i haven't been around at all for the past few months and i'm leaving a confession . why ? because , the election has made me do something that i probably should have done years ago . i'm ... i really want to have the following conversation : random tabling person : vote for ( insert issues , person , etc ) ! me : i'm set to permanent vote by mail . i already turned in my ballot . i can't ... i'm tired of updating my cover letter . i'm tired of needing a cover letter . i'm tired of a year that started off with such promise degenerate into disappointment . i'm tired of being unemployed . ... presidential debate drinking game : drink continuously throughout . it's working . ( note : i already know who i'm voting for and this debate won't change my mind-and that is all i'm saying about ... it's good to know that 3 years of hard work with no pay is worth less then doing badly in 2013 - you know , the year everything fell apart before my mom died . yeah . that's worth more then everything ... i will furnish a screenplay for any of these ridiculous ideas on asking - ( just don't expect it done in a timely manner ): ain't no party like an intp party a documentary and / or found footage film of ... my experience : can also be remarkably stubborn if corrected . pretty much my experiences with istp's , especially the part about not getting intp silliness . ( should add a qualifier that one ... was playing an online game , only to discover that one of the players was named rice judicata . ( for everyone not familiar with civil procedure , it's a pun on res judicata ) . wow , i never knew about that . in the us , he's only known by hockey fans ( and there aren't many of us ) as one the great goal scorers and for being one of the nhl's all-around nice guys-i only bring ... i almost want to put up a skit i wrote 15 years ago , where i got into an argument with my inner-critic that eventually ended in detente , because that pretty much summed up how i shut up my inner ... freedom of speech isn't the first thing that comes to mind when i see teemu selanne . the first thing that comes to mind is a bunch of highlight reel hockey goals , the duck hunting celebration ( which ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1kLQubVXQrU this . and this is despite the fact that i've gone to the same barber for almost 20 years because i'm super self-continuous about who touches my hair and therefore she's not a stranger ( it's really ... dear facebook friend suggester , okay , seriously ? wtf ? first off , eventually i'm turning off the little program that causes you to send me texts every time someone does something-especially ... the funny thing is , i never thought of that movie as die hard in a rest home until you mentioned it ( still , that had enough bizarre humor to be interesting . wait-i got it : bruce willis plays a guy ... i just figured out the movie that i never want to see made : old habits die hard ( john mcclane just wanted to enjoy his retirement home stay , when ( insert forced but timely villain ) takes the ... i'm reading the strategic plan for a commuter rail service . why am i reading the strategic plan for a commuter rail service ? ( okay , i do occasionally use said commuter rail service-but why am i ... i've had a lot of friends ask me for relationship advice , despite being in only one ( sorta but possibly not really ) relationship . oddly enough , my advice always works . when you tell them flat out what their pattern is , why it's destructive and why they need to break out of it . i hope all those ranty posts i made in this thread back when i first joined perc and was going through a mess of personal drama that ( hopefully ) won't be repeated weren't too horrible . and if they ... yeah , but robb didn't know that at the time ( actually , that didn't get revealed until 2 books later ) . in a clash of kings ( and by extension , season 2 of game of thrones ) , everyone agrees that joffery has to go . and the anti-joffery forces ( house stark , house arryn , house barathian , house ... durr , i now live alone in a big house that's semi-in the middle of nowhere and it's raining . what am i gonna do ? i know ! i'll watch recaps of ' slenderman ' v-blogs that scared the crap out of me ... bad news on new job : it's pretty much document review-not as exciting or interesting as the prior volunteer jobs . i'm basically being paid to play papers , please . good news : the company itself ... today was my last day at my current volunteer job ; that makes me sad . i've been there a year and a half-i'll miss everyone , i'll miss the work ( yes , i'll miss the people who are being evicted , can't ... i'm pretty sure that humans have been saying that ever since the first humans decided living in caves sucked and decided to build huts and move out . ( i can totally see a group of hunter-gatherers ... my alarm went off-and as usual , i waited until the alarm went off three times to get out of bed . in fact , as soon as i heard the alarm a third time , i got out of bed . then i looked at at the clock ... lord k . k-dog ( several people have independently came up with this one ) . krazy k t . j . booker ( only one friend used this one and i thought it was lame-but he still uses it to this day . got used ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l6eSksEp27U curses to the day star ! curses ! yes . on a completely different note , approaching week 3 of large house to myself . i'm just waiting for someone ( ie : family ) to say do you miss having your cousin live with you ? so that i can ... the funny thing is , the event that i'm skipping town for was planned a few weeks ealier ; i didn't realize i'd be gone for superbowl weekend until after i rsvp'd ( which is just as well ; things started ... - writing ( i get my best writing done at 2 am ) . - seeing who else is awake at this horrid hour ( i figure if they're also insomniacs who are staying up late , they must be worth talking to ) . - other ... so , the superbowl is actually in my area this year . and i decided to skip town for the weekend . you don't . banging your head against a brick wall is not going to dent the wall , but will give you a massive headache . there's a reason i don't debate very often ; i have enough stress as it is ... ( i guess it has been a while ; they finally added the confessions thread to the stickies ) . also , apperently my cousin and i are more alike then i thought ; he finally hid my can of scotch guard ... what about the people who made salsa and everything that uses jalapino peppers ? oh , this burns my mouth ! ouch ! i know ! let's make food out of it ! at least one relative called eating peppers ... i volunteer at a law firm that mostly does immigration law and i just decided to get and play papers , please . there's something profoundly weird about that . '