' last night , was racing people on my old schools playground , on paper cars , as well as having friends over at my house apparently trying to avoid a bunch of unruly teenagers destroying stuff with a ... * awww hell naw * monty python's the meaning of life , so so good . special highlights for me being the third world ... yorkshire . the pirate bank thing at the start and how at the end its not just the people that are ... boo ! well something like that , hello there :p roud : are you mental ? you don't know how i feel closely followed by woah , how did you know stop worrying about everything some if not all will have probably been mentioned , but these have ... yeah , its probably the hardest thing to guess on earth :P leeds , united kingdom :) best city in the world , well that may be pushing things , but its my home , a home that i have rarely been away from . like crap , day's been a disappointment , and i envisage a bad weekend , it'll get better of course , i was alright past few days , but annoying nevertheless , would like to get to know a few more similar ... 30872 took this just a moment ago , was bored , hairs a mess :P freezing cold , boiler broke down , layered up like nothing else . i have had a million hours of alone time , and yes it would seem there is a such thing as too much , i find i am in extreme need for proper friendship because i feel completely empty , so i could have ... most of the time when i have a revelation about something it is during night when talking / thinking to myself , so i would say yes , yes i do . annoyed , don't really have anything i am annoyed at , just that general feeling , might need to dig deeper to find out why i am feeling this way lately . switching over the pillow to the cooler side . salami sandwich , just can't get enough . when you spend a 5-6 hours straight making something for your friend , hoping it cheers them up . oh i think i get you , something that has increasingly irked me in recent times are some of my friends attitudes toward me , and how they perhaps view me as an easy target for banter perhaps it ... oh yes indeed , the lack of motivation i have experienced in college has baffled me because on paper it seems to be just the sort of thing that would interest me ( general media , 3d animation , 3d ... http://www.politicalcompass.org/facebook/pcgraphpng.php?ec=-6.88&soc=-5.28 economic left / right : -6.88 social libertarian / authoritarian : -5.28 does not surprise me , it seems i have liberal and ... i used to think i let everyone know most things about me , truth is i really haven't , i can count two people who know the most personal elements of me , a good friend who i have the utmost amount of ... i haven't been diagnosed with anything but i have plenty of reason to believe , ( magnified by recent events ) that i have some pretty bad spells of anxiety , take a time recently where my parents were ... added mah hooose , like the idea , didn't know what to put on the marker though ... you take over a country on a video game and instantly enforce a bunch of your ideals to be the new laws . wheetos for breakfast and just had some shortbread bikkies . i tend to be a total mess when it comes to getting my fill i will feel so excited and dare i say relieved if i can get plenty of valuable or even miniscule social time , but when it comes it slowly ... for me it is i nterms of dreams , just the other day a deja-vuesque situation occured , where i was sat watching football highlight and a particular match middlesbrough - reading , completely amazed me , ... something in your post ( elinor ) that holds extremely true at the moment for me . in that i long for recognition and attention that i feel too guilty or awkward to try for . i come across as the ... for me most of the trigger points are if there has been strong emotion shown in that moment , unfortunately it seems it is therefore easier to remember the worse ( could be a depression thing ) but i do ... totally agree , despite the tag of infj , very often infact most of the time i am not sure it is the right one , and as long as i find a whole host of similarities in other types such as enfj and ... 18 years old and zero relationships . i don't know how to expand on this for now , it would be nice to meet someone but i feel that i might be so picky it would bring the whole house down , a ... just noticed the earlier edit , yeah it is a small world sometimes , or leeds has become massive : laughing : , you know that is the funny thing , as much as i am energised by others it is only in ... very interesting reply , i often think i am more open or that i know myself better , but then i surprise even myself at some later time , as if there was some sort of flux of what is actually happening ... that is the thing , i keep thinking , should i open up , or should i just get on with what i was doing , it seems the openness is some sort of automatic thing , so all my friends might make a joke i ... i tend to think of myself as quite sociable , to a degree , and as such presumed the real squishy level of conversation might reveal itself more often than not , and as such i often went through ... time is ticking heart is racing moment of the making the time it's taking lives it's saving time is ticking i don't normally do poetry , just came up with that . i don't so much manipulate tests but don't feel shocked when i can get a large fluctuation of results , it is almost as if i don't feel worthy or even feel like i am even remotely infj , the more i ... i am extremely sentimental , i still have loads of things that i used to play with when i was 5 or 6 , albeit in some other corner of the house , for me i think it has something to do with even the most ... i sometimes get an image or short clip in a dream , and most often than not yes it does happen , it isn't the most common happening but yes it must be some sort of deja vu . otherwise most of my dreams ... i happen to be a taurus , 15th day of the 5th month . i think it has gone on holiday , or has it moved away , i don't know infact , i am sure all of them have left the building if i am honest . : tongue : i would consider myself to use alot of e yet in most online tests i only slightly fall into the j category , so this is rather interesting . perhaps it is best for eacn one of us to define our own ... yup , it's just one of the thousand things my hands will wander off and fiddle with , that and taking remote battery covers on and off constantly . : tongue : and ping goes the ( not very loud ) noise , for me it seems to be mainly a hearing thing , generally i would consider not to have the greatest hearing , often people close by who are talking seem to be ... very interesting thought-provoking creation , very interesting indeed and very true . sounds very familiar to me in some cases , until around 11 years old i didn't really have a care in the world and a lot of people liked me i was the very kind quiet , but still sociable one , ... an interesting topic , as for me it is a highly contradictory area as i mix day-to-day clumsiness with very intricate movements when doing sports ( which i ought to be doing more of ) . throughout my ... sound advice zwanglos , i used to do alot of solitary walks whilst listening to music on a regular basis and it was quite good . just kind of stopped though , i felt i might get overwhelmed by doing too ... some very good and familiar posts on this topic , i do not post often on this forum , most likely as i have no idea what to say or i am not sure whether i can relate to it , but this is certainly ... just hanging up some carotts from the ceiling ... oh yeah , erm , well i think eccentric is really a non-word , nobody is weird everyone is normal , as i see it someone's character builds in its ... i speak mainly english , as i have been in england for almost all of my life , but i can also speak a decent amount of german though it is something i need to be immersed in for a while for it all to ... '