' xntj tmlt scratch themselves in public this is true . to find out which type you are you should just go and read about all of them . you will probably do this anyway because what's the use of taking a mbti test if you are ownly going to ... this sounds more like an enfp thing . entp is the kid that blew up a toilet on a dare and changes his grades by hacking the school system with help from the intj . he is also on the debate team . ... i like rachel tulane . rachel green sounds like some colour paint . and rachel prime sounds like a transformer . can make a anti-zombie flaming chainsaw launcher from a shoe , deoderant and a shower curtain . you can make dead baby jokes in an abortion centere and not feel bad . :P its as useless as a packet of instant mix water . istp so you don't like men ? ;) entp logic is just very abstaract because of our ne dom . this sometimes makes our logic seem ilogical . the ti is used as a checklist for the ne . it makes sure your desicions are based on logic and ... another entp to add to our ranks ... i mean forum :) we should all just change our personality types to a nf type and infultrate there forum . convince them they are entps . this wil be easy since we are great at convincing people . then we use the sheer ... perfection means it can't be improved . and what's fun about that ? xntp tmlt eat chicken livers ? power of an ant ( relative to body size ) - to kick ass when arm wresling echo location from bats - its cool regrow limbs from starfish - for when i snap my arms off . speed from an eagle - to ... enfps hug people entps threaten people with space guns its a typical entp thing . most sociopaths are entps . and since you don't feel who's to say that acting on what your mind tells you is not feeling ? i do this to by the way . with what other organ ... and then i cried for 5 hours after i whatched tlc the entire day . i actualy met an intp the other day . sat next to him in the movies . he was the first persone i've ever met that thought my ideas were valid . and he was also the first persone to give an opinion on ... that's why its called entp poetry check it out i found something that rhymes with orange i thought of it when i bumped my head on the doorhinge isn't that cool my dog likes to drool i'm no fool writing this poem without going ... i took a test that shows you just the functions and how large they are i actualy scored 85 for ni wich means i actualy use it a lot being my third highest score . putting it beneath my 95 ne and 90 ... i've had the same problem . after quite some time i realized i am after all an entp . you also give me an entp vibe . the problem is that the common meaning for the words introvert and ... you'd die if you fell from your ego to your iq . i'd rip your head of but your stupidity is in the way and i'm not in the mood to run a marathon do something so weird and random that its not possible for people to ignore you when you are so tired it feels like you are about to pass out . then you think fuck tiredness that's boring . suddenly gain a superhuman energy level , runs to the nearest bar , gets drunk and then start ... xntp most likely to die in a lab explosion entp last words : trust me its going to work intp last words : so if a flashlight fell into a black hole ... ( throws in wrong chemical ) i like this guy . what would i do huh ? your mom . infj sucks all you can do is hug trees this is just so sad see a haiku . one more thing your type does that mine does better shingeki no kiyojin ( attack on titan ) and death note are both amazing you would cry with all these people against you . if you were human there are no such thing as bots . there are only intp's then you sould try communication did you know that you can communicate without elec . devises no didn't think so no i don't want to try it i don't like explosions and how does that make you feel ? nah , i'll just stay home and study thought a 12v buzzer wasn't working so i adapted it and pluged it into the plug where the tv is usualy pluged in . it exploded and made an awesome green flame . also singed my eyebrows playing with ... feet that stay warm without shoes on stop crying ! ! ! infj . clingy shit sack always trying to relate . your not rare at all there are a lot of people that actualy feel emotion your just to ignorant to see it . what . sorry ? did i hurt your emotions ... entj . with lung cancer entp 1 enfp 3 intp 2 istp 1 infj 1 isfj 1 esfj 1 estp 2 intj 1 intj infp basicly it would be drunken lawyers having sex with stoned inventers in a room where the ownly light source is a gigantic tesla coil and the ocasional explosion . and the ocasional persone dancing in ... your the most honest thief i've ever met and you have very soft earlobes when you choose the side of a debate that's absulute b . s and still win . leaving friends frustrated at the fact that they couldn't prove hitler was a bad person warning : engadge at own risk may cause trauma , combustion and loss of hair people that repeat awnswers as if they are questions eg . explains because feathers are soft . asks so its because feathers are soft ? chik ... chik me loading my shotgun '