' i play , and gig on , trumpet , electric + acoustic jazz bass , orchestral double bass , orchestral percussion and drum kit ! i'm actually studying jazz trumpet next year in london . i just love the way ... i usually play as a tank / heavy weapons user , with some supporty things around the sides if i'm in a party . i'm usually alright , but if someone is going off on one , i tend to fade out of concentration and just end up focusing in their general direction while my mind wanders . also , i find it hard to sustain ... ditto . well , i'm teaching myself japanese at the moment . i started by accidentally picking some up from anime , and now i just google around and watch youtube videos about it all . i would quite like to go ... well , it's a way to sponge up time ! more seriously , it helps me understand myself and others , and gives me somewhere to offload when i've been trolled by various people ... as i said on the other thread , four letters can't magically determine everything about a person . from a function-based point of view , i think istps would probably get bored from accountancy fairly ... apatheist here - i used to think i was christian , but i realised i didn't know the answer , i couldn't work it out with the available evidence , and i just didn't care ! well ... four letters isn't really going to determine your degree for you ! really , you need to pick something you're really interested in , or apathy will take over and you will get bored at some point ... argh . feeling pretty angry at myself right now . basically , an aquaintance ( who i'm pretty sure has fi in her top two functions ) who's part of the friend group i belong to made a post on facebook , ... dude , of course - i'm a jazz musician ! before , i've spent 30 mins just looping on one chord progression solidly ( on trumpet ) and haven't realised . just today , i ended up losing about 10 minutes ... i was ( and still am ) 17 when i worked it out , so i think you're fine . just read up on cognitive functions and be sure you don't have ne ( it's probably much easier to work out that you're ti-dom ) . i have never cried at a film ! does anyone to suggest titles to challenge this accolade ? ;) can you cook , and , if so , how well ? do you enjoy doing it ? do you have an area of speciality ( in the culinary world , of course ) ? i just made a magnificent chow mein for my dinner , and i would ... i find it more useful in describing the differences between two people with the same mbti type , but slightly different personalities . are looking for some sort of interaction between enneagram and mbti ? if so , stop there - in my experience ( and i'm not an expert , so please do stop me if i'm wrong ) they are two completely different ... 1 . happy are you ? 7 , i just got into music college , but pretty neutral otherwise . 2 . socially skilled are you ? 3 3 . lazy are you ? 9 4 . emotional are you ? 2 5 . book smart are you ? 3 - - - that university course doesn't sound too good - are you sure it's the course for you ? maybe you could change course to something with more practical programming ? or perhaps go abroad ... the way i dealt with the one time in my life where i felt inadequate was by working and practicing hard , to try and raise my standard to that of everybody elses . i figured that , if i did that , then ... i've noticed i seem to have three kinds of friend : 1 ) acquaintances - i seem to have loads of these , so i can flit between social groups , although i don't really fit into ny of them with this kind ... can you apply again ? i would really thoroughly go through a number of universities / colleges and hunt for a course which isn't boring . that , and just having some willpower to stick with it - i know ... ah dw , i found out . it's just that , where i'm from , they're called nuggies instead , hence the confusion . try using the information as soon as you learn it eg writing an essay , or answering some questions . don't be afraid to go back to your reference , it should sink in if you keep using it . i'm a jazz trumpeter ( auditioning for music college atm ) and orchestral percussionist / jazz drummer . i also play bassguitar & double bass ( self taught ) , guitar and piano ( jazz only ) . i can pick up new ... also , try answering this and this to give us some more information . post your answers here . i agree . i tend to give off much more ne than i usually do , something i learnt from my brother . also , ne fuels the overriding comedy style within my friend group . i'm 17 ; what's a noogie ? ( i'm british ) find out what the istp's obsession is ; every istp has at least one thing they're just really interested in , and if you can get them talking about that , then you're fine . in fact , you've already ... are you sure you're not an istp ? doesn't really sound like you have ne , but i suppose being shallow could just come from inferior ti . also , the whole going on adventures thing sounds like ... well , i don't where you're from , but here in the uk , we do all of our conservatoire ( music college ) auditions before christmas . some people will even have their decisions by then . i'm applying to music college as well ( in fact , i have my first audition in a few days ! ) . i would say my main worry is that i'll be forced to become entirely focused on music , whereas i want to find ... oh gosh , i don't really know what to do with myself either ( i'm also applying for university this year ) . my advice would be to pick a degree , not a career ; when you're spending 4 years and a lot of ... i'm a native english speaker , and i studied spanish in school , to an intermediate level . i also did french and german for a year or two , but i dropped them . i am now teaching myself japanese . 1 ) no ; i used to consider myself christian , but i've now realised i'm an apatheist . 2 ) a rural part of east anglia , in the uk i went to bible camp 9 years running , and went to church up until i ... 1 ) japan 2 ) a house ; preferably one in a city , where i have enough space / forgiving neighbours for my musical activities 3 ) car - the perfect mix of space and comfort . 4 ) probably a jazz teacher i ... http://www.bbc.co.uk/science/humanbody/images/sex/results_scale_bg.gif ---> <--- apparently a female brain . oh , i managed 2 out of 20 on the ... personally , i find it fairly easy to pick up a new language . i've always found it easy to just memorize stuff , so i don't find it hard learning new pronunciation , vocab or grammar . also , i like ... how do you all find learning new languages ? was it easy , or difficult ? did you get lessons form somewhere , or teach yourself ? are you fluent in another language ? is there any particular method of ... i'm also applying for stuff right now , and i've actually decided to apply for jazz trumpet at some conservatoires . i think , whatever , i choose , i'm going to get bored at some point in the course , so ... you could be a dom-tert looping intp ? that would give you ti-si-ne-fe , and might make you seem to be an istp , in some ways . i'm not really stubborn unless someone's trying to get me to do something i don't see the point of . like playing a triangle part in band with a woodblock - what the hell ! it's going to sound awful ! ... jazz , and the trumpet . i did - my laptop and my trumpet kept me sane ! depends on the sj - i have several great and valued friends who are istjs , but the extraverted judging functions ( te and fe ) really annoy me after a while , so estjs and esfjs , as a general rule , tend ... well , there seems to be an overwhelming majority for not a christian ... i've started working properly on trying to learn japanese . i've been watching loads of anime recently , so i first wanted to learn to read the text i was seeing , and then couldn't help but pick up ... i don't like being hugged by random people , or people i'm not really used to . however , some people are just really huggy , so you kind of have to to get on with them . it gets alright , eventually . i find it's worse to say something which creates an extreme emotional reaction in someone else when you had no intention of doing it . i've done it at least a few times in my life ! what makes you enjoy a place ? i voted highschool as i'm still there :( '