this is something i drew today . the trouble my husband has been having has origin in his childhood , inadequate love received back then and the insecurities played a large role with his behavior during last few weeks . he has ... update : i dated the enfj for few weeks until just recently he found someone special and they begun dating . he and i are just friends from now on as they are monogamous . it is interesting . i am so ... i have a large personal space and i very very rarely initiate a hug with anyone . the only exception are those few who are very important to me and close to me . with them i could be skin on skin for a ... the other day i were by the sea during sunset . the wind was still and these little fish begun to jump out of the water to catch tiny insects . they didn't jump very high , sometimes just partly ... yes , i were hoping that uderstanding him better would enable me not to expect something of him that is just not possible . i aim to let my kids grow into whoever they really are as i hope it would ... i have a 5 year old child with whom i have this persistent feeling of not getting him . i thought that if i described him and if any of you would recognize similarities with yourself or your kids and ... oh , induced and augmented labours can be so painful . my first was like that . the contractions were nothing like the ones i had in my later natural births . i had a spinal and it worked well , didn't ... as a doula ( birth support person ) , i believe i will gain tremendously from learning about different personality types . it will help me to better support different kind of mums during their journey of ... i could have cried . that is me . ladyd thank you for your thorough message . i see things the same , allthough i'm still in the closet about this . i will come out eventually and face the world . i guess i just need to feel this thing ... kind of in a way my life can be seen as rebelling the norms . i have chosen differently in many aspects of life compared to the mainstream . however i do not think i do it to be different . i do these ... i've been to couple of dates with an enfj guy , who i met on the net and we are so comfortable with each other . he knows i'm married and his life is in a such place that we are likely to have just a ... no , not really that much but two years ago we had the elctricity cut for four days because of a winter storm . it was right after christmas , we live in the countryside and it is very silent and dark ... i quess i fit the description . i don't think i'm being lazy at all as my path has been long and required a lot of thought . i have worked hard to form and understanding of the humankind in regard of ... the reason i have felt that my desire would likely not be normal is the theme of my whole life : fear and anxiety . i've had a mother incapable of close emotional connection and to her i have always ... tell him that your mind is going on overdrive and you need his help to train your brain to understand things correctly . tell him that you know these are mostly silly little things but addressing them ... as you quoted my post i'd like to add that to me every god is as likely to be true as any other . yep , i'm pretty much an atheist . what i ment with expanding the definition of supernatural was ... northwind i scrolled back to reread what you had written into this thread and i do get your point and it is a very valid take on this . the reason i didn't reply to you personally is that i read your ... writing enables me to think matters more deeply and to consider my choice of words way more carefully than when i speak , so i am lot less smart irl . goofying around is difficult to convey in written ... aquarian , thank you ! your post was the kind i were hoping for . i need to dig deeper into this coming out issue as until now i have just seen my inability to form normal friendships as something ... i think the personal imput i wished to see would include people who are familiar with the consept and knew about potential pitfalls and were able to share their wisdom . it was not a strong wish as i ... what ? trolling ? test ? i only had assumptions what might be brought up by people and got surprised i didn't see it . i did see you challenging me but i saw you hadn't understood me first and ... i had to go back too to see what you had written . you assumed that as my husband weren't ready to have an open marriage or polyamorous one in the beginning of our relationshio , he wouldn't genuinely ... i am e6 . i am so good in thinking about worst case scenarios and everything that can go wrong . this polyamory stuff i have thought about for years . i think i first brought it up with my husband 3 and ... 80211 i wanted to show you these walls and the ceiling . i painted the ceiling by myself . the floor has vinyl tiles that looks like grass and the lamp looks like a sun . looks like a small room , ... i do not believe in anything supernatural but my definition of natural might be a bit wider than what some people have . oh , how can i explain it clearly . it's hard to find the right words . i find it difficult in my own language so it is certainly not easy in english . i think it is in the way i define a friendship ... we have been together for eight years now and from the beginning we have based our relationship on openness and honesty . it has not been a completely smooth journey but i am the type who woudn't give ... it is written in some infj descriptions that we are likely to go after an ideal relationship . in my life , i have found this to be true . i am married with a wonderful istj and nowdays i do deeply ... i bought a graphics pad and drew something in order of getting used to using it . it is not very impressing , but i had not remembered how fun it is to create a picture . i have felt like drawing women ... i have never sent love letters . no . now i lied . i do have ! i were 15 years old if i remember it right and had a crush on a boy who rode the same bus to school . he was two years older than me , cute ... what does a human being need in order to grow up mentally healthy . this leads to : why people act the way they do , why they believe whatever they believe , how to be happy and about anything like that ... if i'm ovulating i might slightly feel like it but not necessary with anyone . practically never just by anyones appearance . getting really turned on with someone would probably require strong ... seems like you have hurt him deeply and he is afraid you'll do that again . i likely wouldn't consider mending the relationship unless the other person would show me that they have understood the pain ... i will not doubt my infjness any more . thank you all . bubbles , bubbles ... i have something to say about bubbles . they have soap in them , right ? so they have innate ability to clean themselfs from that all kind of garbage there is in them . the key ... i do have help and it helps a lot . the city pays for 60h per month for a helper to be here because of the sick child . my husband is active in taking care of the kids after work and my siblings help ... sometimes one can't stand mistakes of someone else exactly because they can't stand making mistakes themselves . i would consider talking together about mistakes when nobody has made mistakes so that ... i am 30 years old and i have never had a really close relationship with anyone . i am married and my husband accepts me for who i am even if he isn't in the exact same wave length . he finds my ... i would ask what has been said and correct the information if needed . if the gossiper has told confidential things or plain bullshit i would not open up to them any more . i have made some ... i have three kids around the ages of 3 , 5 and 7 years . i have been depressed since pregnant with the third and as my kids are active and noisy and have lots of energy , i have struggled with keeping ... here are some art therapy paintings i have made within a year . in art therapy the paintings are not supposed to look artsy or pretty or anything , as they are only a represestation of one's feelings ... on topic : i don't often compare myself with others in terms of intelligence . i have learned some stuff , i can remember some stuff , i can learn some stuff and with that it gets me somewhere in my ... are you sure the country you are living is finland , or are you in some helsinki ghetto ? i don't think the amount of crime depens on how serious the punishments are . it has way more to do with how ... ^ yeah ! in a foreign language and with foggy brains too ! it really is a bit challenging to understand these consepts right away . it doesn't stop me from trying and i will ask for help if i get ... i believe i am an infj as the descriptions have been so accurate compared to any other type . i have however problem with organizing . i do enjoy organizing stuff but keeping it organized is completely ... i am open to have my brain picked . tear it open and pull it out , inspect with care , but please remember to return it back . :-D i welcome to be criticised as i yearn to learn if i am making ... do not fake anything and do not hold any secrets that she might consider important information about you . so if you decide to tell her , you also need to be really open about your weaknesses ... the best and most relevant books i have read are the real love series by greg baer . i think it is perfect material for an infj . i found the missing piece of understanding human mental health from ...