i took a different big 5 test that goes a little more in depth . the downside is that it's 300 questions . personality assessor | ipip - 300 personality test i'm an infj and the big 5 types that i ... https://boardgamegeek.com/camo/53d3a0cb3682fddc742b2153363c6cf8b50894e7/687474703a2f2f693139312e70686f746f6275636b65742e636f6d2f616c62756d732f7a34332f736576656e617274732f636f6e766572736174696f6e732f30 ... i don't ignore the abstract and i'm not sure what i said that caused you assumed i would . ( also , why does abstract / rational thought have to be categorized as either feminine or masculine ? ) some ... i started college as an engineering major because i thought i could learn how to invent things that could save the world from itself . i quickly found out that wouldn't be the case and filled half my ... multifaceted not a good way of determining type ... doesn't take in depth look at fuctions ... ect ... just for fun i took that test as well as the infj vs intj test . this is what i got : 595986 what exactly do you think the problems are that i'm seeking solutions to ? chistianity but beyond that i've noticed at my core that i believe there is always a perfect solution for everything but it's always either unknown or out of reach . everything could be perfect if ... jesus , plato , john locke , einstein , nikola tesla , elon musk , bernie sanders , george orwell , c . s . lewis , j . k . rowling , j . r . r . tolkien , leonardo da vinci , noam chomsky , theodore roosevelt , franklin ... clingy as in being very focused on my partner and being cuddly ? then yes , i'm guilty . i've gone farther to the left this year on a lot of issues . there are really only two issues where i lean to the right . mostly i eat crackers and chips through out the day . i also eat instant ramen , grilled cheese , pasta , pizza , cookies with milk , and chili . sometimes i eat fruit and on rare occasions a vegetable . i ... - change how society thinks about the role of government and the structure of civilization . - help people think critically of themselves and their feelings . - write and publish a ... books : ender's game , speaker for the dead , xenocide , children of the mind , ender's shadow , shadow of the hegemon , shadow puppets , shadow of the giant , ender in exhile ( there are more books in this ... basically anything to avoid se . when i'm forced to come out of my head and concentrate on things that are actually happening in my environment it feels like i'm trying to see how long i can hold a ... 590290 [ edit ]: not sure why the pic is so small , it should be 2500x2500 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VlINHSnUx9k infj gryffindor pukwudgie infj gryffindor pukwudgie 7 pounds in realistic ways ? ( realistic meaning we have the means of making it happen . ) i would replace 85-90 % of the labor force with computers and machines and implement a ubi ( unconditional basic income ) ... - deluding myself into thinking that someday i'll create something that changes how we view society and how we live our lives . - staying up all night and sleeping all day - binge watching shows online ... the depression and anxiety are not what is causing me to not function normally in society , but rather are a result of living in a world that doesn't allow me to function the only way i can . i dream of a world where nearly the entire workforce is replaced by computers and machines . where everyone gets a unconditional basic income , free education for life , and free healthcare . where the ... nothing about this situation is luxurious . it isn't about finding a dream job , it's about finding something i can do long term without literally losing my mind ( i'll say it again , that is not an ... i hate all that safe space and pc stuff . first things first , people need to stop being offended by everything . every now and then i like to say something offensive not because i mean offence , but ... finding a way to use what you're passionate about to make a living . i recently took a career role test on celebritytypes.com and got some interesting results . this test doesn't list different occupations like many career tests , but instead describes how the test ... i would tell you but then i would have to change all my passwords . i've always felt like an outsider looking in at the world . while i can almost always understand the way someone is feeling , i've always had a hard time comprehending society's priorities and ... infj christian from my earliest memories i have always felt god's presence and when i was taught about god it felt like i was being told a story i had always known . god has never been in ... well here's my opinion . trump : a spoiled , arrogant , smug , aggressive , intolerant , ignorant , man-child that thinks if you whine enough , if you mock others enough , and throw enough money at ... i certainly never wanted to trust clinton , she's almost more fake than trump . both of whom will say anything to manipulate voters . what's your opinion of bernie sanders ? he's trying to change quite a bit of the system . give your infj insight . i believe my mom is a esfj and she is incredibly kind , but doesn't understand a thing about me . if i try to talk to her about something she completely misses the point and goes somewhere else with ... i've always wanted superman's powers , to be able fly and do everything completely effortlessly . i loved the way they portrayed him in the man of steel , i could identify with the character's ... when i was in high school spanish i always got as but never studied or practiced outside of class . i only did the creative / artsy homework assignments but none of the homework was graded anyway . at ... what types do you think those characters are ? he was , but so was mohatma gandhi . those who don't know me very well would probably guess i'm intj too , but only because i guard my feeling side and put on a poker face most days , very similar to olivia . although very guarded in most ... i see olivia dunham , clarke griffin , and especially ender wiggin as infj i've looked up the personality types of fictional characters and wherever i go i encounter the same thing . there is always at least one main character that is typed as infj as well as other articles ... here are a few of my thoughts as a person of faith about a few of your questions . knowledge is not bad , the way we gained it is . by eating the forbidden fruit we chose the quick and dirty way to ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MOnK-RegtBE more than you know . when people don't dedicate their lives to strengthening the society with what they are uniquely capable of . when people spend their lives doing what makes them miserable just ... jennifer lawrence . both my t / f and my j / p are almost half and half . that being said , i still lean toward f and j they say that an infj lives in a world of extremes , all or nothing . this may not be in all aspects of your life but it becomes apparent after some thoughtful introspection . for me , i either need ... i want people to know that i'm not like them and that's ok . i have ideas that many people don't think about and so i'm labeled as smart . because they think i'm smart and more reserved they think i'm ...