' what do you guys think about enfp ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h-kifCYToAU founder of hello games and dev of no man's sky . i read this article on this site everything intp and noticed the differences between nfs and nts . how to spot an nf and an nt : during your long talks , an nf is going to want to analyze feelings ... well i consider myself to be disorganized to a fault ... however , i have tried to maintain order and it just never sticks . my room isn't exactly a mess but i usually only try to maintain it once and ... update : i love being in control . update : i love the thought of being in control of my environment and emotions ... update : ... but why ? update : i say that i care about people and wish them ... however , what i don't seem to understand is that i have inferior se and like to indulge in hedonistic activities when all attempts of rational reasoning fail to work . can an infp have this too ? ... infp sounds like a better fit to me . can you give me the data that supports this evidence ? i'm curious as to find out how it fits together , but only if it makes sense . i'm also a 5w6 in enneagram theory but i haven't really analyzed it ... i think i mistook ne for ni . http://www.personalitypathways.com/dom-ne.html they initiate change and often are prone to trespassing a few known boundaries to take themselves and others where ... once i find the solution , i will be able to take advantage of this little formula and will be able to use it to control aspects of my life , by focusing on my strengths and by nurturing my weaknesses ... i posted an essay earlier about singularity that i did in high school . can someone please objectively type me based on what i wrote ? i'm open for anything and everything i just seek a definitive ... he sounds like he's all over the place . i do not relate to this at all . ideas and solutions usually pop out of my head out of nowhere , i never string them together like that . i string them together with tact . o_o but then again i could be intp ... : shocked : i haven't slept all night and i'm about to fix myself a tv dinner . edit : never mind the microwave is too far eureka , i'm an infj ! wait a minute i think i notice something . intp : ti ( ne ) si fe intj : ni ( te ) fi se infj : ni ( fe ) ti se about these two intj : ni ( te ) fi se infj : ni ( fe ) ti se i'm going to research this in order to try and understand this a little better . http://personalitycafe.com/articles/25205-dominant-tertiary-loops-common-personality-disorders.html okay , what if i were to say i can relate mostly to this ? without being entirely in mbti order ? ti ni ne se fe . i'm at odds with ni and ne . this just doesn't add up . update : without being in any ... does this mean that i'm not an f ? well in that case , it would have to be : ni ne ti si fi te fe and se . with fe and se as my weakest functions because like i have said before , i'm not very aware of the environment and because fe only ... enneagram test â € ” learn your enneagram type ! your results it looks like you're a 5 ! but you could also be type 1 or 4 . and type 1 perfectionism | | 10 % type ... the beginning is the end . keeps coming around again . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gY2VADkYanQ i think i keep rejecting the idea of what my true type may be because i seek a definitive answer . these cognitive function test results definitely conclude that i am a ni-fe centric infj . r1 ... maybe infp is my true type ... my indecisiveness always keeps kicking in . ( i didn't feel bothered by the crowd because there was so many of them . ) i reviewed myself today and found out that i am closer to infp over anything else . i feel understood now . i guess i associated with t's more than f's because of the way they interact and how they ... well , i do notice that apparently i am ni dom and ne aux ... now i'm starting to think that i'm either enfp , infj infp , or intp based on this data . i took another test and keep getting intj ! this doesn't make any sense to me ! based on your cognitive functions , your type is most likely : most likely : intj or second possibility : entp or third ... i would consider myself to be a ti user since i'm always spending time in my head . my friends have complained that i spend too much time trying to figure out how things work , by taking it apart , ... this made me chuckle . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LQjCSoqlYbA i hope that an intj can put some perspective into this . here's an essay i had to do for research for my senior year in hs ( without fully understanding the topic i chose at the time ) i never read the article . 2045 : the year man becomes immortal ... here are my socionics test results : socionics tests [ lii - 0 ( intj ) ili ( intp ): 100 % as likely as lii . lie ( entj ): 94 % as likely as lii . ile ( entp ): 85 % as likely as lii . i stick with an idea for a while then i move on to the next one , and the next one , and the cycle repeats itself until it's 5 in the morning . my thoughts lack structure and i often go from tangent to tangent without fully understanding a topic or idea . i'm also always thinking constantly while i'm dreaming and wake up feeling restless . an ... i have considered intj it's just that i've always seen myself as a perceiving type . this mbti stuff sometimes doesn't make any sense to me . what about intp ? i'm more concerned about the pursuit of knowledge than i am with human beings and emotions . i can't say that i don't care about them though . actually , i'm really bad with people . 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? the aspect of my personality that made me feel uncertain was basically intuition vs . sensing . i normally just go about my days ... i would try to come up with a list in my head first and would attempt to follow through with it . my electronic book reader would probably be the first item that i would bring , mp3 player second ; and ... this is the last video that i'll link to the thread . ( sorry about the spam ! ) this speech is so beautiful ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owhLwsiTjMc sonmi - 451 : our lives are not our ... and there's also this movie https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_-gHVGOoE48 i loved the ending . i think i'm going to watch cloud atlas again . i watched this movie at 13 , and it changed my world view to say the least . it resonated with me even though it was targeted for an adult audience . i used to have a friend like tyler and he was my ... i always think too far ahead into the future , imagining possibilities that could happen if i took some initiative , but never do . my thoughts usually go into detail , such as starting out with a plan , ... great , my thread is broken . ( never mind , replying to it fixed it ) i feel like this is more like me . ( as an inferior function compared to si ) se - how is sensing experienced when it is turned ... i reevaluated my functions and got a little confused . i took a functions test ( twice ) and got high ni , fe , and ti , but also got high si . ( this is not in order ) i don't understand what the hell is ... a user on this forum posted this and it resonated with me the most . i am consistently and excrutiatingly absent minded . i can contemplate the very deepest and most obscure depths of the universe and ... much thanks for your help ! all i can say is that i'm a dreamer who lives within his own world . this video helped me out a lot : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q2Xpuykt4-s i view the cup as half ... anyone ? socionics tests ( result ) test results your sociotype : eii - 2ne ( infj ) brief description of the eii using introverted feeling as her base function and extroverted intuition as her creative , the eii is adept at ... '