' .. among the following list of problems ; high perfectionism and self-criticism - - i am so far off my ideal self sense of defectiveness and shame - - how long before my date from the dating ... my parents are lazy and weak and i fear my productivity would be 500 % higher if i were to live on my own . does science support this ? what are your thoughts ? i am a terrible writer and it is important that this letter is flawless . while i agree it must be 100 % original ( and it will be ) i have edited the original draft a hundred times and could use the ... i am venezuelan living in the us and do not get along with my relatives . culture generally speaking is very materialistic . bolivians on the hand are humble and compassionate . i visited la paz . ... my social anxiety went away once i stopped looking at porn : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wSF82AwSDiU&feature=youtu.be he may have a porn addiction ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wSF82AwSDiU&feature=player_embedded yes . i was listening to an esfj song and temporarily became one . truth is suffocating . a beginner's mind and acknowledging there's much you don't know what you don't know , to me , is more comfortable than truth . thoughts without a thinker - mark epstein for a brief period i was a paid freelance photographer . i took portraits but mostly product and real estate photography . i also had a papaparazzi moment . i was out with friends at bar and had my ... i enjoy working out too . i do crossfit , eat mostly organic food , and have an 8-p ack ;) i love my job . working for a small start-up in charge of marketing . complete creativity and budget allowance to hire sjs to do all the mindless work . anyone else a victim of covert emotional abuse by a parent or so ? i've come to slowly and painfully realize that the extent of passive-aggressiveness in my istj dad was a lot more severe and abusive ... intj ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1JKLs58q8HA http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=atGJkkzVe54 20 - to a married woman in a sleazy motel . second attempt at this . i'm still confused . i am very strong introvert and intuitive . t / f and j / p seem dependent on test and my mood . books i've purchased in the past year or so , divided by ... i don't think meditation can ever be detrimental . i find it very beneficial . shinzen young is a zen teacher who appears to be intj / p . he explains benefits of meditation in a practical and scientific ... i hate my dad . i am intj wanting to develop social skills . i head to a restaurant and ask for job interview with manager . reply : you have to take a personality test , bye ! ... i give her a death stare and she walks ... this is killing my social interactions . while speaking and making eye contact my face shows a disgust emotion for a split second , ruining the interaction . anyone else have a similar problem ? 15 ( fear ) + 29 ( avoidance ) = 44 keys 2 cognition cognitive profile test results ni > fi > ne > te > ti > se > si > fe martin seligman's via survey of character strengths ranking from strongest to weakest love of ... exact same for me . he may have an anxious ambivalent attachment style . inevitably you'll fall out of love and he'll want you more . obsession kicks in and physical stalking may ensue depending on how strong a p he is . why not delegate it to a freelancer ? you can easily find someone on elance / guru ( freelancing sites ) thanks lad , that made perfect sense . you hit it on the nail : confidence is king . for infp , we may be introverts , but that doesn't deny us the ability to be confident . and it's that quiet , james ... thanks guys ! matchbook , you spoke like a licensed psychologist with years of practice ! i feel better :) had two horrible social situations happen this past week because of mind reading . horrible , embarrassing , and the kind of stuff that makes you question your sanity ! in short , i assumed a girl was ... thanks miro , what you said pretty much aligns with what i'm going through . i have cousins who think i'm gay and it's a little frustrating ( though believe me i'm 100 % supportive of being gay and have ... could some of you infp guys elaborate on this . my ' insecurity ' relapses each time i have a terrible experience with girls . a girl practically throws herself on me and i can't close the deal . or ... capitalism was great in the early 20th century . it has now reached a level of betraying itself . we need some sort of new hybrid economical system that doesn't exist today . just be mindful those are just stories you've created in your head that don't represent reality . behaving congruently with those thoughts only reinforces the problem . only real fix is to ignore those ... nicely said :) while i agree 100 % ... in many infidelity stories i've read , woman mention they're still in love with their husband / boyfriend . they're able to compartmentalize that deep love with ... as i get older , i'm becoming painfully aware of just how common cheating is . boyfriends and girlfriends . husbands and wives . my ei tells me a good 90 % cheat . the evidence ? i've heard the personal ... any recommendations on books to help us infp's with relationships .. the whole spectrum i should add ... from flirting to dating to lovemaking and everything in between . ps . i need particular books ... dear infp friend , same happens to me . i meet girl > i flirt with girl > girl flirts back but i'm too passive to break ice > girl gets mad you have no idea how many girls cross their arms in ... i tried and i tried but only feelings and images come to mind and i'm finding it very difficult to translate it all into words . when i do and read it , it's just not congruent with what i had in mind ... ... wait , so did he get back to reality ? :) youtube - dusty springfield the look of love ( 1967 ) i am right now . i hope it's not hypomania . istj - nasty relationship getting things done by david allen great for infp's ooohh yeees ! you guys are invited to my house anytime :) unless you eat enough of it : tongue : i only don't like my f when it gets in the way of earning an a in class . if i was a t , i would have a 3.5+ gpa . because of my f .. it's 2.8 : angry : yes . i am a nudist . entj's with narcissistic personality disorder esfp / j's with covert aggressive personality disorder estj's with control-freak personality disorder ^ yes ! ! isfj's love anal . .. i concur '