i'm an entp and my mom is most certainly and isfj . i came out to her as gay a couple of years ago and she is a card carrying member of the fundamentalists christians . ever since i came out she has ... start off wit a soft art like aikido or tai chi . there you would learn great control and really enhances your style when you practice other arts if soft arts are your base skill . some of my best friends on the planet are enfps ... i'm an aikidoka . and i love to get slammed by the higher ups just to seem how good my recovery time is and how well i react ... then the other half is that i love to slam people myself and mess with ... well that answers that question ... sir , you just described my entire academic career , lmfao ! i'm heading into the engineering field . computer and electrical enigineering with some geomatics . i wanna break into telecommunications ... starry eyed dreamer of course it does because society itself is the construct of extroverts most of the time tainted with narcissism . just because extroverts work better with the outside world does ... considering you guys are big into the into the in the intuitive feeling business is it common to use intuition aides such as cards , scrying , and or other esoteric junk ? in grade school when i took standardized test most of my scores were pretty solid but my ability to learn i always scored 99 % . past couple of weeks through sitting in my room with books and using my ... is there anyway to find a way back to balance if one of your major boundaries are crossed ? what grabs your attention if you go into silence mode on someone ? are there sometimes you feel that ... cuddling is one of my favorite activities . the reason i love pets and am an aggressive hugger . peacenluv 78 - thank you , i hope whoever i end up with that i can find all those great they are suppose to find in me and be all i can for me before being it for someone else . it's easy for me to see ... you can call me professor ;D i think i am out of crushville for a while because i am starting to form in my mind a person who can handle my me-ness . i even looked in infj territory who are supposed our best match and they don't ... nessaea - thank you ! i can show you how we use it all the time anyway if that would give you a better idea of how to use it for an nf's needs if you would like . i am doing this wrong and i am going to start doing it right , right now . i came here looking for something that none of you can give me . don't feel bad nobody can give it to me but me . i have ... oh and that can be used for everything involving making decisions . if you want more control over yourself in emotional situations use it . professor ace , has a method for dealing with this particular issue . * puts on scholarly regalia * in my experience with infjs they like to run when things take a sharp turn on them , and they are ... * sigh * i smell a rat . luckily , i am a kind and gentle soul with such creatures and think they should be set free when properly captured . please stay out of my affairs , unless you are apart of said ... dude ! my best friend is one of those leave them alone . i know a lot of people who are inspired by our confidence . i want to feel great about myself so other people will feel better about ... 7w6 , 3w2 , 9w8 you are kinda awesome . i will be sure to send you one about it . resistance and evasion is attributed to the fact that i like space to move around . in any and everything . it's a part of the more ... zadriela : thank you so very much . i didn't necessarily miss that but i might not have adjusted to a level that both our mental maps are satisfied . i apologize aquarian . if that was your only ... ok this is bullshit . i honestly don't know how to respond to that . i am trying to engage you openly and honestly and you keep on giving me absolutely nothing but posing me as some kind of ... arrive , fuck / fix it up , leave . you see me . you see all the dangers of me . this kind of scares and excites me all at the same time . a queen of swords can cut through all illusion that surrounds our nature . savvy and only ... i am not talking about just dawkins and hitchens school of thought . i am also talking about people that have ideas that are higher view of humanism no matter their view of god is . why does every time ... i was attempting to make the conversation as light as possible but you want somethin else . ok let's get transparent here . yes , sometimes i am quite subtly and sometimes not so subtly passive ... uh dudes ... i already made an anchor for the state and relaxing it . i am using it right now to clean my house . wanna know how i know it's working ? first , i don't clean , at least not in a continuous ... darlin , you are starting to sound more like a scorpio than an aquarius . thanks for the support . i think maybe both of our self concepts maybe a bit more intense than we should let them be when ... i do it all the time . i talk , teach , and guide that it is ok to learn and know . i just want to mobilize us by getting a bit in your face . i usually tell people if they wanna die happy they would marry me . we should have a red or blue pill . this a thread going out to all the the rationals but my own especially because we are badasses . it has cursing and is kind of insulting in places . but we must draw attention and provoke thought . ... a pheonix rises burning away the ash and dubris of something that does not worked in the past . illusions are just that to me . other people need lies and bullshit to survive , but i do not survive i ... entperson : i like girls too but i just find it easier just to identify as gay seeing as i am more easily attracted to guys . plus guys have less hang ups because they don't mind so much if you play ... decomp : when i meet my post requirement let's chat a bit privately . i like this discussion and am interested to see where it goes . why not use an nlp anchoring technique to anchor our sense of urgency and alacrity ? if i spent enough time i could probably harness it with just a little practice . i can summon the feeling through ... quirky dynamisim . i dress the way i want the day to go . solitude work day : comfort and high function : a light jacket for pockets and hood or peacoat , loose fitting jeans , sarcasm shirt , scarf ... my style is very malleable to what life has given me in the way of resources and i practice nlp so i operate under the presupposition that every resource i need is readily available to me . now it all ... mitri : i am i highly affectionate person when in a relationship so if together time is what anyone wants i assure you they will tire of us being together before me . with their love of conversations ... looking back at my past experiences with guys i always liked those types but something like distance always gets in the way . one of my favorite online personalities is one of them . i looked at most ... i people watch , converse and pick up a book or two . maybe have a coffee . i am always looking to have a discussion somewhere about one of my odd but ultimately fun subjects i research . decomp : hey there , darlin ;) . i don't do anything long distance besides flirting , but hell i do that at any distance.so .. protected anything good lately ? ynh : momma always told me not to touch ... i usually hang around book stores and anywhere i can get an intellectual thrill of some kind . like colleges and places like that . dewy : looking for something all mine not looking to rent or borrow a guy . razare : i have gotten pretty good at doing the type indicator in my head ( yay entp selective high intelligence ) . i think i ... i'm studying myself and the ways i am in relationships . did some tests to find out who i would really like to be in a relationship with ? well it came up with infj . i did my bit of research and i ...