i don't know man , that just sounds like someone who is depressed , regardless of type . wh1zkey i have a colleague who i suspect is estp and wondered why he seems to often gravitate towards me . we don't really work together that much but whenever he sees me he makes conversation and is ... any thoughts would be appreciated . : happy : not really ! i like the shy ones and if anything want to keep them to myself rather than share the secret that is their awesomeness . love inspires me . being alive inspires me . isn't that to an extent the same thing ? think about it ... ( or don't ) promethea i choked on my tea i noticed ( both here and irl ) that a lot of intps worry about the future and ' what happens if i do this and that ' , which is great for planning and setting yourself up in the most beneficial position ... uncertain aw you guys are sooo macarons ! teeny weeny little cute flavoursome macarons . like breakfast cereal macarons . lol the ferrero rocher was kind of a little joke between the enfjs . i hope ... daniel_james_maher we eat them like crazy over here in the uk . i respect someone more if they disagreed and called me out than if they silently disagreed and continued to form an unsubstantiated opinion of me . the latter happens waaay more often than the former ... ahh , my reasoning is that kitkats are your bog standard chocolate . society's most popular break bar and very much a staple in any scenario ( at least involving snacks ) ... like an istj : reliable , no ... grandpa 2390 i meant to say , information not irrelevant oops ! little pockets of knowledge which contribute to an overall network ... was the best i could come up with . then again i don't understand intps that well so counter arguments are welcomed ! i posted this over in the enfj forum and wanted to get some opinions on my estimations of each type as a chocolate or candy . what do you think ? :D rationals : entj - lion bar entp - pop ... i posted this over in the enfj forum and wanted to get some opinions on my estimations of each type as a chocolate or candy . what do you think ? :D rationals : i posted this over in the enfj forum and wanted to get some opinions on my estimations of each type as a chocolate or candy . what do you think ? :D rationals : entj - lion bar entp - pop ... can't currently post images so text will have to suffice ! rationals : entj - lion bar entp - pop rocks intj - jawbreaker intp - jelly beans artisans : * chocgasm * knight i think some enfjs ' appearance of unwavering confidence is a little intimidating to others but what should be realised is that we are human too . nobody is perfect or has it all ... there's a melancholy in his words that appeals to me on a personal level , i'm sure a little bit of that has to do with being an enfj :) you don't have to feel useless ! nothing wrong with determining situations using feelings . for me , feelings become fact . and i'm a teacher , so i have somewhat of a basis and experience :) i think ... i've noticed esfps being quite good at reading people in the immediate moment , but not understanding motives ( or the dynamics of ni ) istj / intjs are surprisingly accurate too . but they don't ... one day , and i strongly believe it will be very soon , you will realise , that you should not have let me go . and i will have moved on . i find people with underbites really cute ! how about the classic ? 81158 i feel the sophisticated packaging represents us too . absolute bliss ! could i play my rendition of passenger's ' let her go ' that i've recently learned too ? :) i have 2 infj best friends and they are absolutely amazing . they get me . in every way . but there's a pay off . i find them scarily intense sometimes when i just want to be superficial and light , or ... go for it ! awesome pairing . information was not relevant ... i'm glad you shared it . if you ever feel self conscious about that kind of content again feel free to pm mr clearly the best character . not to mention extremely pleasant to look at . the mere sight of us is happiness-inducing ;) i'm curious as to your thought processes during the time that you contacted the person who would've been in my situation , would you care to elaborate ? i'm finding myself in a very strange situation now where he's thanking me for opening his eyes to a lot of factors about his personality and being on the receiving end of some long ass messages from ... it's like looking in the friggin mirrorrr platorepublic me too ! kiwigirl run ! she is doing nothing good for you ! kingpin ^ 3 ^ devil they sound amazing ! definitely going to sign up on my return to the uk . and east to west is probably a longer commute than from where i live to my entj ! well done ! and thank you :) devil strutting is one of my fave hobbies . so yesss ! i am going to see where it goes with this entj . the feelings for him never left despite my short lived romance with the intp ( boy you were ... the entj in discussion has on more than one occasion told me he's attracted to my intellect , independence and creativity ( blowing my own horn a bit there ) and in a social context i do tend to ... that's the opposite of my entj experience . apart from one time when we were at loggerheads with each other over how i supposedly made the wrong choice of love interest ( read : not him ) we have been ... interesting ... could you elaborate on this ? steffy y u entps so nice to us ! i'm glad there are people who are able to appreciate what we as enfjs have as positive traits . i think that too much negativity is put upon our understanding of emotionality , ... i was too pushy with my intp boy . hugest regret at this moment in time . what pissed me off is that i'm not usually even possessive . don't know what came over me , wanting to cling on like that . thing ... funny , i actually said that ( the part in bold ) to someone the other week ... and i do regularly feel this way . however this feeling normally resides when i am out for a purpose and have a set task at ... lately i have been feeling really frustrated with myself , heartbroken , lonely and unmotivated . i distract myself from the heartbreak by talking to people , some of whom i'm aware of their romantic ... there's no other type i perceive as having more balls than the entj : tongue : so your claim is somewhat valid if type is anything to go by ... you entps ! seriously don't know what's good for ... similar values matter hugely . if the intp i was dating had wanted a serious relationship ( the semantics of which i will not go into because i doubt he was even sure what he wanted . told me that he ...