' i've had problems with self-esteem issues ever since i can remember . it actually interferes with my relationships quite a bit . for example , i may ignore a person's message simply because i'm tired ... awww . :D ps : your new avatar scares me . the word pumpernickel actually means flatulent devil because the bread was thought to be so hard to digest that even the devil would become flatulent . it's true . i was * just * about to starve to death when mojo showed me how to open a can of spaghettios without a can opener . he's like the robin hood of spaghettio land . that made my heart all sorts of happy to know i made an impression on you and we haven't even personally talked to each other . :D d i'm so excited about this . <3 humanzee - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia i learned about it in my biology class . o : it is theoretically possible for the universe to fold in on itself . it is also theoretically possible for a human to mate with a chimpanzee . the first bionic eye was created a few weeks ago ... your signature picture makes me want to bake myself into a giant rainbow cupcake , it's so awesome . blanket octopi are immune to the man o ' war jellyfish poison , so they have a tendency to rip off the jellyfish's tentacles so that they can use them as weapons against other predators . this is ... i will get naked and jump on everyone . everyone . i think he's assuming you're an nt because you don't seem to value harmony the way that most feelers do . i don't see why that's an unjustified assumption ; nearly every time i see you on the forums , ... i have a tendency to sing that cher song that goes if i could turn back ti-ime . if i could find a wa-ay , loudly in public . sucks ' cause i hate that song . so does everyone else who hears me sing . :p i actually googled them . xd psychology pick-up lines : sex is on maslow ’ s hierarchy of needs . care to help me self-actualize ? you remind me of my mother … this isn ’ t just any cigar . are you happy to see me , or is ... my coworkers should allow me to buy an office hamster named slander . ( i work for a newspaper ) cribs should be made to feel like a giant uterus so babies don't cry as much . if everyone ... confident people freak me out . i'm not entirely confident , and since everyone else just gushes over the ability to believe in yourself , i just assume that any confident person will judge me and not ... it's like you fondled my emotions . o : ps : the best pick-up line ever used on me : hey , my name's matt . wanna fuck ? i just want to be encased in a tiny entrapment made up entirely of infjs . you guys are so beautiful and special and i only know one of you irl and isn't that sad ? < / 3 even dostoevsky was an ... oh , i forgot . i'm not sure if this has to do with being an enfp , but when i was in like , kindergarten , we were learning the alphabet , and each day we would go over a different letter . one day we ... i've told a few of these stories to different people on here , but whatever . i'll tell them again . i was so obnoxiously hyper and talkative that my elementary teachers filed a complaint when my ... i am probably the least manic pixie-ish dreamy girl around . > _ > enfpstereotypes make me lawlhard did i miss the post wear someone referenced rumpelstiltskin ? ! i literally just shat my pants in excitement . fucking love that show ... i just love you so much ! xd when i was younger , i used to never wear pants , much to my family's despair . however , my uncle moved in with us like 3 years ago , so i started wearing pants for his ... yes , because sometimes i forget that it's not socially acceptable to disclose certain things to people you don't know very well . . _ . aww , i love reading about other people's dreams , what they want to do with their lives . i love this thread ! : 3 i'm a social work major with a minor in psychology with a goal to work in a ... this reminds me of an actual argument with an entp friend over whether or not i'm a stupid / ignorant person . :d ry : i agree with many of the above posters . i also don't like how we're viewed as ... lumpy space princess is my spirit animal . http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m5mut3DcCf1ryaoiro1_500.gif when i first saw this thread , i was like poor drewski ! D: * internet hugz * have you talked to her about her anger ? if it's unusual for her , something might be going on that she isn't telling you ... i don't know if enfp-ness has to do with anything , but sexual stuff is weird for me to explain . because , well , i think i have a relatively high sex drive . but , i'm not attracted to very many ... so , i recently had an idea for a suicide prevention project that i think is immensely important . it involves writing a blog , but i just can't motivate myself to start it . i started writing the first ... hm . hm . hm . hm . i do not recall this enfp orientation of which you speak . duh . you are living in a tiny one-room plus bathroom dorm . your roommate informs you that halfway through the semester , he ( or she ) will be moving out . you try to hide your relief , as you two have been ... you are living in a tiny one-room plus bathroom dorm . your roommate informs you that halfway through the semester , he ( or she ) will be moving out . you try to hide your relief , as you two have been ... schmowzow @ obnoxious . draining . juvenile . sea monsters freak me out too . a giant squid was recently caught on camera for the first time . i was like those things actually live somewhere . . _ . also , have you heard of the bloop ? totes . for definitely . i feel like you're trying way too hard to present yourself as logical . i'm apparently a 4w3 , which i identify with pretty accurately . even so , i don't really take enneagram quite as seriously as mbti because it's not founded on scientific data . i'm curious though , ... does your nihilist philosophy affect your lifestyle in any way ? or do you not think about that in your daily life ? and that is a hefty assumption to make . i applaud your magic snail preferences . that's deceptive and mean . : < yeah , but if you use craigslist , then they're not really a friend ; it's just benefits . i will agree that penis-touching is a definite sign of fwb potential . also , op why does it have to be ... i actually don't know anything about the us military because it isn't anything that i've ever considered , but i would imagine no matter what , you'd have to undergo rigorous training and discipline . a ... i feel like that sort of thing just happens . i feel like it would be really awkward if you were like so , i only like you as a friend , and don't think i could stomach a relationship with you , but ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oz88kJSdT6Y mmm , genitals . but seriously , who does that ? who goes you know what would really make this dish fantastic ? my genitals . - slice - there are cannibals in jail ? are most criminals cannibals ? o_o i'm just saying , if it was well seasoned and smelled really good , and had like , barbecue sauce on the side , then maybe . ah , thanks ! that's what i was looking for . but still , one little bite couldn't hurt ? > _ > i heard that diseases can result from cannibalism . how is that ? '