' i broke two promsies tonight , i just want to sleep without staying up thinking about it though . you forgot one of yours anyway . good evening calvin , i don't care if we have mutual taste or interest in the little things like music or food , i just want something deep and intimate with some i can hold onto who will hold me back , i'd feel like i ... this isn't helping anyone , you're just pushing them out and making your world smaller why not both ? i figure a therapist helps others feel better , but who do they go to when they need to feel better ? and where does the clown go when they need to turn their frown upside down ? a hug and ... hug a therapist and tell a joke to a clown some time in your life when i was a child , 2-4 , i was a lot like him . i would yell a lot , i'd bite everyone , i'd run behind the garage in the middle of the night and do whatever i did , i even tried running away from home ... i feel around a 6 or 7 , i could lose some weight and my skin isn't too great , my long hair's thining too but other than that i'm happy with my body . there will be a limited amount of luggage allowed because of limited space , you can only bring a rucksac with 5 kilos , what would you bring ? headphones , a music player ( for when everyone's ... for fun i guess i liek to explore when i can , which isn't too often because i don't have a license yet . . . other than that i browse a few boards to kill time , read creepy stories or look at creepy ... bws we seem to be the minority on right more so than the left teehod richard i smoke one here or there just because in my head it does relax me a little . i like the smell and taste while i ; m doing it but i will admit i don't like smelling like it when i'm done , that's the one ... 207922 i use to be closer towards the center , at the same height . i guess agnostic is what i'd call myself , i feel it's the only reasonable religious label to call oneself . i don't believe in a god , atleast not one that any religion has claimed to exist , i feel ... a new 12 string , new doc martains , more cds / cassettes / records . what to save up for . . . in highschool i took the late bus one day , someone told me i looked like justin bieber . i was a bear of a metalhead back then , combat boots , long hair , starting to grow a beard , band shirts , camo ... bad guys get cold too sometimes ! thanks for catching that though lol http://img4.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20130730190116/lul/images/8/81/Campfire.jpg https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jxvRFYa7iHM i only wear boots and i have trouble keeping my head still when i listen to any sort of music . http://i.imgur.com/CFLkZ0q.gif fall's here . it's nice , windy , and cold , with friends , lovers , or just alone , come share a song , or a story , or a picture of the red leaves over the dirt road . ... i started a record label over this past year , i'm not doing it for my own benifit though and more for experience and as a hobby . it was stressfull at first overcoming social anxiety and talking to ... someone i could snuggle with for a while . fridge-cold thin-crust pizza from last night and arizona tea with a rainy day off , pajama pants , and a marathon of your favorites cartoon growing up https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PW2TM0E52qM i remember being 7 or 8 when generation 2 came out , it was like they'd just figured out world piece or announced the new iphone to me . i was so excited when i got the red one that i had to build him ... i'm living in an old house in the middle of a sun flower farm towards the west in the early 1900 ' s i'm a taller irish girl of irish decent , my mother even taller sun flowers cover the fields , you ... we can do anything , and we have the imagination to see big things , the journey to get there just takes a toll on us . we will second guess things a lot , our minds will see every outcome , oncluding the ... upbeat ska , long walks , and any drink at it's preferable temperature . it's on a coast where it rains a lot , you look one way and there's the ocean , black from the grey skys reflection , you look the other way and the sand leads to a forest and up into a large mountain ... between sexual abuse growing up and growing up in a hoarded house , i'm starting to believe the house is what's really fucked with my head because of how secluded it's made me . now that i've really ... the biggest thing i've done was ask someone out in person , and you can dig through my other post to figure out how that went , but i was glad i actually did it . other than that i'm really shitty at ... my friends have caught me describing the plot to a game saying so you're like this guy and stuff . . . . as my arms are up as if i were explaining something with depth . anything , from food to ... lately , whatever song i'm thinking of longing love loneliness playing music my record label friends work / school it's possible he's been thinking about everything just as much and has been waiting for a text from you or been debating sending one himself . don't be affraid to text him with just a hey or hi ... i enjoy fog most when it's early in the morning and nobody is out . everything has this murky feel , but in a peaceful way . know how you feel , my hair's been pretty long half of my life , nd before when i never tied it back the wind was a bit of a pain , but now with my hair as long as my arms it's too heavy to get too out ... think about someone you care about , or would care greatly about , and then think about the person who hurts them the most , and hurts you to have to think about that person being harmed by them . i find myself looking too far up sometimes and almost walking into things . i'm not sure what that tells me about my personallity . send me to a city with a lot of cheap food , record stores , music venues , book stores ( i don't read much , but i do like pictures in occult / wizza books ) , and a lot of lit up parts late at night . i like ... welp , after over a year i finally apologized , the problem was i had to do it through facebook , and she never accepted my frient request so there's a fair chance she wont see my message . . . well it's ... i can manage , make things happen , organize , whatever it takes if i need to . it's it's why i'm an entrepreneurship major and it's both a thrill and something that can stress me out beyond belief ... nice to meet you ! welcome ! care to tell us about yourself ? why you joined , ect ? if you're here just getting a feel for things that's cool too , we'll probably see who you are when you post more . welcome ! we can feel things , and in ways , a lot of people probably don't . we can be really sensative to things which leads to emotions and feelings we can't explain , but they still need to get out , ... i would sometimes put notes on my calulator for math . i had a cheat sheet for one of the german classes i took too just with some key grammer rules that i always got mixed up . that was about it for ... i usually only feel nervous and anxious before i start , then once i start ( if i know what i'm playing / saying ) i usually do well . when you're with people especially it becomes easier to close everyone ... sounds fun , i'm interested if anyone else is ( any mb type honestly even ) he spent his whole life building his trophy room . i am the one who opens his window while it snows i am the one who strains himself in thought when left alone i am the one who secretly enjoy those corky little first day class activities in hope ... so i think it's natural to assume we have really specific taste for things like food , books , music , ect . ( not to say we're close minded , just we pick odd things out ) i'm curious what kind of weather ... '