' i only recently started getting back into personality types and myers briggs again , so that's been a major interest . since i'm not supposed to talk about that , my other recent interest would have to ... my first thought : yes ! my realization : i have a nose , and i'm not a minion from despicable me . darn it . this is the recent stream of thought i had to vent ( not going to be bothered with editing because it's too late at night ) . also , it's been about a year since i last posted here . i'm glad to be back ... oh , yes . that was so very effective . : laughing : this seems to indicate that the avoidance of all candy is called for . however , according to social norms , candy will be an ever-present part of everyday life unless some drastic change in our society ... canned ravioli . again . probably going to eat it again tomorrow , too . what fun . well , it looks like no one else is planning to post another topic ... candy isn't all bad . when consumed in moderation , candy can lengthen your lifespan , according to a comprehensive study from ... it feels like i have to point out the obvious , but voters can choose more than one party , which explains why the numbers add up in excess of 23 ( 24 now , according to the last time i checked ) ... ah , i think i've watched a video where rsa ( animate ? ) animated a topic similar to two of the videos you posted . well , one of the sources got its info from the third . : laughing : if necessary , i can always back the argument with more valid sources , though . : tongue : anyway , i'm going to take a bit of a break ... hm , good point there . it is true that an overload of the excessive , unnecessary information that is provided by the examples you mentioned ( tabloids , gossip columns ) can distract the ... oh , and as for the people who won't check their sources and use technology to search for information that does not support their existing world view , the presence of advanced technology neither ... sounds good to me . while i agree that perhaps museums and libraries are indeed inaccessible to those who do not live around urban populations , the majority of the population in the world do live ... ah , but the hope is that the wealth of information will encourage people to seek out new knowledge for themselves . that is why we have museums and libraries to educate the population . also , readily ... i haven't been watching ted very long , so i don't know how it was like in the past . still , i find the talks very interesting to listen to in my free time , whether it's about tying a shoe or some deep ... welcome to perc ! permissiveness i wanted to know the exact meaning of the word before i answered a question . california rolls dipped in miso soup . it was an accident , of course , but the combination was interesting . thanks for the welcome , josie 18 ! thanks , bear 987 and a little bit of cheeze ! thanks , angeni and lady lullaby ! angeni nice to know there are more female intjs out there . greetings to you , too , master mind . thanks , novastar , ruth 2ten , cetanu , and intjellectual ! i appreciate the advice , novastar , and i'll be sure to keep it in mind . ;) this might not be very accurate because i haven't been in high school for very long ( one year ) , so i'll just tell you about my experiences so far . were you involved in sports or the arts ? the ... thanks , catenaccio and socio ! catenaccio i'm not planning on changing my mind anytime soon ! thanks for the welcome stephen , impermanence , and mortimervonkraus ! thanks , everyone ! and lol to cue 5c : it's okay to call me slysmartie if you want to , even if you're lazy . :p roud : hi ! you can call me slysmartie , or sly if you're lazy . i'm a type 5 intj who is pretty interested in finding out more about myself and the various personality types out there . i'm from texas , and ... personal ~ * name - slysmartie ... sticking with the username ! it's what i usually use online anyway . - any nicknames ? sly ? if you think the full name is just too long ... * female ... '