' me on a computer tech forum : how can i do xyz ? moron 1 : oh , i wouldn't recommend doing that . you might break something . moron 2 : why would you want to do that ? my cousin's friend's roommate ... for me , all cities pose the same problem ... lots of people congregating in one area . how nice it is depends on your economic means . if i could buy myself an oasis of escape , like a sprawling ... no rational people are religious ? okay ... then that means there are no rational people , because all of us have faith in something . hilarious . i want to see an old toothless redneck man on his front porch singing can't hug every dog ... or a psycho cat hater singing can't kill every cat . why are there no good parodies ? you can give aid to poor countries until you're blue in the face , but you can't stop it from being re-routed into the pockets of corrupt officials and cartels until you do something about the ... i liked his explanation of the functions , but at the end when he said pretend to be an extrovert ... i said wtf ! ? imagine locking an extrovert in a dim room for 2 days and telling them to ... what are those ? :-) seriously though , the art of debate includes knowing when to avoid them , so i agree with you that we should pick our battles carefully . ... every trip to wal-mart ( or large marketplace where you live ) provides clear evidence for your theory that humanity is doomed and the end is approaching at an exponential rate . i spent my younger years building a wall around myself . now i'm over 40 now and here is what i've come to realize : relationships are like campfires . - the flames are bright when the fire is ... my rules for debate : 1 . if you have to raise your voice , it means you're losing . 2 . if you have to stoop to a lower level than your opponent , it means you're losing . 3 . as long as you don't ... i didn't know intjs wrote poetry ... except for dirty limericks . thanks for the replies . getting things done is a book that changed my life too . it's the ultimate organize-your-life book . its guidelines are now my habits . i tried reading the power of positive thinking when i was younger and i couldn't get through it . it seemed like just a bunch of touchy-feely , illogical anecdotes . now that i've learned much more ... satanic couple targets of hate crime ? - crimesider - cbs news the irony is killing me ! you can't make this stuff up . the real life drama of actual idiots is the funniest thing in the universe ! ... i find myself constantly searching the internet for new , life-altering information . of course i almost never find it , so i snap back to reality for a short while until the next irrational wave ... i disagree with all you you who disparage online dating . i've been married over 20 years and when i started dating the internet didn't exist . when i consider the opportunities for meeting that ... that is sad . i still think the vast majority of random strangers ( men included ) are good however , and when walking in safe places you should not live in fear . in the us , rapes happen to about 18 % of ... undocumented statistics . i might add that to the what pisses off intj's thread . : tongue : yes . because i'd rather be uncontrollably horny than uncontrollably cranky . just joking . in both posts . : tongue : http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/88/CagedHeatWOWchamps.jpg please be gentle , ladies . you really don't understand how men think do you ? :-) if you had to experience the ... i get the sense that everyone here hates hallmark gift cards as much as i do . worst gift ever . i have actually contemplated taking them back and asking for a refund so i could have the cash ... reminds me of james gregory : my uncle heard that most car accidents happen within a mile of your house . so that dumbass moved . i would say yes too . is it wrong that i don't feel sorry for you one tiny bit for being constantly ogled by members of the opposite sex ? i am a man after all . yes .  ... autism is a full spectrum of behaviors . any of us who rely more on logic over emotions , or who has trouble reading the emotions of others ( all intjs ) is showing autistic tendencies . big deal ... thanks for the replies . i get the sense that you guys are just as reserved with thank you as i love you because you don't want it to become overused and meaningless . i can respect that . this is ... questions for estps : are you always late ? if that causes problems for other people , do you care at all ? if so ... and if those people really need you to get this under control , what is the best ... confidence is the belief in your own abilities . arrogance is the ignorance of your own inabilities . intj vs entj is a contrary relationship type . ( contrary relations between psychological ... but you have to learn how . arguing with him is as illogical as talking to a brick wall . you need to move away and get out from under his control as soon as possible . you may have a much better ... but christmas is celebrated by 95 % of americans . christmas strongly religious for half in u . s . who celebrate it not really . that's just some politically correct feel-good bullshit propaganda forced ... oh c'mon , where's your thrill-seeking sense of adventure ! ? although it adds a whole new dimension to there's a hair in my food . : shocked : yep . my friends call me mr . selfish . i enjoy robbing others of their joy so much i won't even say happy national potato day or happy national pie day . i agree with the op 100 % . you're not ... no , you've got it wrong . sarcastic comment about holidays [ over explanatory one liner for the dim-witted ] rant trivial knowledge-seeking curiosity very straightforward and logical reason :) - i was including thanksgiving , christmas , & new years ... probably the most obligatory socializing intjs will do all year . i celebrate christmas and ... don't you just love getting together with big groups of family , friends , and co-workers for the holidays ? ^ ^ sarcasm ^ ^ getting together this past thanksgiving in a large family gathering was ... surroundedbyspaniards , you know you can't just leave us all hanging . you have to report back here at least within 30 days and give us an update.puh - leeez . it drives me crazy when girls say things ... c'mon now , don't sell yourselves so short . my wife is an infp and being a mother is her greatest joy in life . there is not a better mother on the planet . and marriage is as natural to her as ... i've always thought zoey was an enfp . such a perfect female i could almost faint watching her . i dunno , a slave would come in pretty handy around the house.you ' re over idealizing and romanticizing . some slaves would have refused to go with you . some had good masters and stayed for almost no ... oblivious people ! ! ! the ones who linger in doorways . get the fuck outta the way you clueless sacks of shit ! the ones who stand in line with the door open , on a freezing cold night , waiting to ... there's no way you can say what you would or wouldn't do . when you meet the person you want to marry ... you'll want to get married . duh . if you're able to take a wait and see , i'm too young right ... there , i started it for you . an estp that i know doesn't laugh at the same things as me . i love deadpan humor , sarcasm , spongebob , mr . bean , monty python , etc . i can be dying laughing and she'll ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MIaORknS1Dk http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=krb2OdQksMc almost anything from life of brian is hilarious . i would think this especially funny to intjs because we ... when i was in college ( before internet ) it was just as bad . a ten story library full of books that i would never have time to read . pure torture . and i would always get distracted from the boring ... stop it . you're hurting my feelings . i'm not asking for help . i'm asking for information . whether it helps or not is up to me . when i was younger i was a lot more autonomous ( a hard-headed ... i'd like to hear from other intjs about your thoughts on self-discipline . is it something you struggle with ? how do you cope ? what has worked for you ? i struggle daily . my need to absorb knowledge ... your own existence requires faith in the reality you perceive , so reality itself is a self-delusion . reality is merely an illusion , albeit a very persistent one . ~ einstein faith and religion ... i have found that direct confrontation rarely has the intended consequences , so i avoid it . letting others see that i am annoyed is a weakness i refuse to expose . allowing other people to control me ... i didn't make many friends growing up . school was boring and depressing . home life was rushed because both parents worked so much . time spent at my grandparents , outdoors riding my dirt bike , ... this describes me to a t ! i dated a girl in high school for 2 years ( first love ) . no guy has ever treated their girlfriend better . we could not have been happier . i would have married her ... '