' depends if you're a grower or show-er . i'm a grower . means i look like i exited a polar bear swim when not aroused . when it's game time , it's draining blood from every part of my body . also it ... satori . amazing sex . a proper vanilla milkshake . intp's are strange . i find they have an extreme wild side once tamed by my intellectual sparring . go there . don't ask , just go there . up for anything new . 1 . what is your profile name ? rantnrave 2 . why would you answer # 1 when we could clearly see your name ? because the truth will set you free . 3 . what is your thanks received to thanks ... if it's pointless , drink more scotch . maybe the point is pleasure . maybe it is pain . i'm sticking with scotch . terror is just that ; generating terror . this attack makes people terrified to leave their homes . thus the terrorists win . where they win is likely unintentional . our own desire and need for ... intellectual rage boner . epic post . the greatest cure to social anxiety is facing your fear . walk up to random people and start a conversation . you perceive yourself as weak in this position but the group you approach will think it's ... i just think everything got way off track here with the racism accusations flying around . stating that sharia law is a bad thing would get applause even from muslims . stating that african ... actually ... no . bribery is propagated by the african nations . first world nations which refuse to bribe political leaders do not win contracts in africa . simple as that . anti-bribery laws ... apologist is someone who believes that guilt should be passed on through generations for crimes committed . i don't care about black slaves . canada allowed thousands of slaves in through the ... winning the birth lottery . i'm sorry you take this so seriously . labeling me a racist for what ? you're an apologist . slavery started in africa . in the us the largest slave trader ever was a black man . i did not support the iraq war and am canadian which we ... because you have brought absolutely nothing to a board labelled the debate forum . it's expected that to participate you make some attempt to prop up your beliefs behind something with substance ... you know what , maybe you're right . let's just sit here sipping our starbucks $ 6.50 cafe latte on a smooth italian natuzzi leather sofa knowing that the world is all full of great people that just ... as individuals of course they can . millions upon millions have . the main post i see is extremism and segregation . there are some that wish to attack the civil liberties of their host nations ... their societies cannot integrate and be part of the western world . therefore , individually they have to integrate . many do so without any issues as i posted above . i've never once stated that ... their societies are too violent for the western world is not directed against individuals . millions of black people have integrated well into society . i have muslim friends , which have taught me ... i don't see any racism here . that's a pretty harsh word . what i do see are people discussing about societal integration and how it fails many cultures . i'm all for immigration to let others come ... hermann goering commander of the air force in nazi germany i am no moralist , but ... my problem with himmler's genocide is that [ he killed women and children ]: i appreciate women , and i think it ... get a taurus . 17 hmr revolver . tiny round with ridiculous accuracy . it's hard to kill someone with that unless you aim for a main kill area . often times just discharging in the air is enough to ... try a tens unit . pierce yourself and then let it go . i had this for physio and my god could that bastard sting if you weren't careful . it won't kill you but it will certainly let go those ... while they are a minority , they must also realize the the discrimination they face is from a minority as well . most people that i know simply do not care about any sexual affiliations . perhaps they ... international business and inventions have made me a happy guy . i've traveled the world and got the t-shirt . used the cash to invest in myself . international sales by brokering is great . if you ... here's my take on productivity ... when it's time to work , i kill it . i go in with full focus on what needs to be done today . goals are great to have but are too far away to have any value right ... i love how it all comes down to money . you know that most kids that have wealthy parents grow up being raised by a nanny which is not even related to them and do so in their parents shadow . rich ... it depends . there are some pretty frail and depressed people here . i'd worry about being responsible for a suicide or 3 . classifications , groupings , rating systems and point scoring is a great way to excuse a lack of accomplishment in the world and also berate those that have worked extremely hard to obtain it . all ... good game . sure . i work everyday to create an ideal for me . my idealist wife and i love daydreaming about our ideal society . ugh ... i put a fitness room in my facility and work out with my co-workers . we keep each other motivated . the only destruction being witnessed here today is pretty self explanatory . takes one to know what ? insecurity ? by your post alone you show that the only value this place brings you is the opinion of others . according to you there is no standard to live up to and that ... sounds like massive insecurity masked with a blanket of revived teenage angst . insane people are unaware of their insanity . that's the whole point . just ask her what's going on . when you start talking to many people and time is valuable , you learn pretty quickly to trust your intuition that someone just is not there yet . i give them the benefit of the doubt that they are ... the saying : nothing is impossible . paradox : this means that it is possible for something to be impossible . you know it's not universal . one thing being in the military taught me was that different people deal with loss and stress differently . the toughest guys can cry , lose their shit and end up on vet ... i was going to ask what do you consider a debate and this post hit right on it . i rarely debate as that would assume both sides are battling intelligence on a specific topic . generally i talk ... most women don't care if you have a horse cock or are average . orgasm's are the ultimate goal . make her squeal and it's a done deal . if you have a small dick , it's like a woman with an a cup . ... start doing things you enjoy and try to spin a profit . people will buy all sorts of stupid shit so if you're a notch above , you can generate an income . these days , the world is at your finger ... being alpha is pretty much being comfortable in your own skin . accept your perceived weaknesses and focus on your strengths . alpha's often lack compassion which is something that in my opinion ... both . greatest movies in history . i think everything stated falls under this category . stupid people : - blame others for their failures - pretend to know things they do not - always have a friend or buddy that have or have ... wow that's like my life . bullied like hell until i grew into my wit . cocky , arrogant and never back down from a challenge is something that should be fostered and matured . my wit was like a 5th ... she's probably intimidated by your intelligence and simply has no answer to your questions . is your illness something that is wrong with you , or is it a bi-product of your environment ? my experience with this was covered lightly in the 4 hour body by tim ferriss . it is well documented in history that we used to sleep twice a day . the industrial age changed us from farmers to ... '