' are they nice ? infj . are they an asshole ? intj . sent from my iphone using tapatalk he's not even weird really . he's just a loser . but other than that he's pretty average in all respects . i don't see any evidence of the creativity , imagination , artistic / literary / intellectual ... i think it's about whether you get off more on the sex itself or the orgasm . i got entp so it works , but i'm gonna be honest : i didn't see much revolutionary about this test . in fact , this is the most blatant case of fraudulent advertising i've seen since the film the ... uh , where's the intuition in milhouse ? i was wondering if after all these years you'd like to meet . i will post the same thing i posted in the main trump thread but extended : i would say donald trump is quite possibly the single most extreme personality i have ever witnessed . i literally believe ... i would say donald trump is quite possibly the single most extreme personality i have ever witnessed . i literally believe he is at 100 % on every single mbti scale . 100 % e , 100 % s , 100 % t , and 100 % p ... i hate questions like these , these unwinnable scenarios . it's not fair , it's set up so that there's no way i can kill all 6 ! oh yeah , estps can be clever for sure , didn't mean to imply otherwise . they just tend to be a bit more direct in their methods . even a guy like donald trump , he may not be tuco , but he's definitely ... saul / jimmy is def an entp and probably the character on tv who i relate to most , except i've gotten mixed up in somewhat fewer crazy shenanigans . ( so far ... ) don't think that just because con man ... bernie sanders ? an infp ? what strain of weed are you smoking bruh , i wanna try it . dude is straight up enfj . he may be a bit sloppier than the stereotypical j , but that's probably just because ... your username is disgusting and your profile pic isn't helping matters . someone ban this fuck . don draper was an istp with a strong intuitive side . very clearly i , t , and p anyway , that's for sure . not sure where you'd get something like entj from other than the executive stereotype . but ... rip first of all . the knee jerk reaction to his type may be esxp because he was an athlete , but after reading about him and particularly after watching this video : ... katniss - istp ( obvious , have no idea where anyone's getting things like ixtj from , clearly a textbook sp ) peeta - enfj gale - estj president snow - intj haymitch - intp effie - esfp prim - ... i did some a few months back in what i think goes without saying was objectively the best post in this thread so far , but i've got some more to bless you all with now : estj : ... entjs get shit done but they can also be bossy and overbearing at times . intps are chill but some ( not all ) of them can be kind of annoying dweebs . and intjs just suck . except that's not any more accurate so ... yeah . sorry , i'm just not buying the idea that attractive or unattractive people are more likely to be any type than any other . you may have infjs for ... they aren't though ? someone's probably pointed out in this thread already that these types ( especially esfps ) may tend to be more likely to put effort into their dress , style , and the way they ... there is an idea of a patrick bateman , some kind of abstraction , but there is no real me , only an entity , something illusory , and though i can hide my cold gaze and you can shake my hand and feel ... that explains why the type most correlated to asperger's is istj ... 14 , entp , not an aspie how can someone so hot be so stupid ? oh wait , that doesn't make sense . ^ if you have to be explained to why trump is an estp , you have failed at mbti and have probably failed at life . idk what the hell you all are talking about . brian has never seemed like an enfp . and since when has enfp equaled liberal caricature ? what , intps can't be liberals ? most of them are ... been rewatching the show lately , preparing for new season . dale cooper is definitely not a t , lol . enfj for sure . warm , cheery , friendly , gregarious , outgoing , caring , sympathetic , passionate , ... : rolleyes : kendrick is not even close to an extrovert . he literally wrote a whole song about being an introvert . i think he's probably infj on further reflection . you would say wrong . changed my mind on paul , i think he's estj , below average agreeableness . the rest i stand by . is it smart ? is it funny ? is it sexy ? if your answer be yes to all three , an entp it may be . i don't support trump because i do not happen to be mentally retarded . the better to fuck with my dear . oh yeah , well , i had sex with your wife . by the way , anyone who says hillary clinton is an extrovert is waaayyy off . celebrity types really is cancer . i don't know how anyone could possibly think that woman is an extrovert , ... the only relevant candidates left . i've made some slight changes . hillary clinton : intj bernie sanders : enfj donald trump : estp ted cruz : entp marco rubio : esfj after today , only the intj ... hillary is definitely not an extrovert , but otherwise yeah you're mostly right in the sense that she is a lot more cautious , rehearsed , and a planner . she is extremely conscientious while trump is ... if we ignore functions , he is unsympathetic , blunt , hard , abrasive , and unafraid to hurt feelings or say exactly what he thinks without filter - so f is out of the question . and he's also impulsive , ... 100 % preference . anyone who says otherwise is objectively wrong . the test is clearly a measure of preference , not a measure of ability at all . which is , frankly , why it sucks at predicting job ... lol estj this is completely wrong . how do you explain xxtp types who are neurotic and disagreeable ? are you saying they're all either fps or tjs ? or xxfp types who are low neuroticism ? are they actually tps ? ... i know i've been through this subject before , but i just cannot stress it enough . go read some of their unbearably snobby and pretentious articles and then look at their admin comments below and ... lol i can't believe we're still talking about this . the guy was infj as sure as einstein was intp . political liberalness is associated with high openness to experience on the big five , which is in turn associated with an n preference in mbti . so a disproportionate number of all n types ( including ... ha , you wish : i think fast , i talk fast , and i need you to guys to act fast if you wanna get out of this . - not an introvert ... nah . both types are stereotyped as : 1 . likes to argue 2 . troublemakers 3 . daredevils 4 . manipulative 5 . pranksters / jokesters 6 . opportunists 7 . persuasive 8 . rebellious entp is literally the only type even close to 1 % as possible as estp , but no . he's an estp . wat '