' i'm not a religious watcher , but i do watch the show on occasion , and i rarely do watch tv . one of my favorite moments : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nFEgD44ocT4 they're everywhere . just look for disheveled people who walk with a demeanor of having all the world on their mind , people who are seemingly physically disguised phantoms of thought . not responding is selfish . every single time she's called to check on your well-being , you didn't respond ; so you've been forcing her into a position in which she has to worry about you . saying no ... http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e4/Us_south_census.png if she asks you during the interview a question like who your favorite actor is , name a female actor and justify your choice by expressing an attraction toward the lusciousness , made-up or not , of ... i'll follow the conveyance-through-music trend : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AjI2J2SQ528 serene and enamored ? : happy : i think newton's contributions to the scientific field pretty much peg him as an nt . i know there are more isfp poets out there ! memz , when i tell friends i love them , they know i'm expressing my appreciation for our platonic relationships . maybe your friend is also comfortable with expressing his appreciation . you could game ... lagos , nigeria . attention : the president / ceo dear sir , confidential business proposal having consulted with my colleagues and based on the information gathered from the nigerian chambers of ... in alphabetical order by last name : leonard cohen , bob dylan , neil peart , paul simon , townes van zandt , and i'm sure there are others who i can't recall at the moment . you're an intp . nope , but i'm sure my absent-mindedness can make me seem arrogant . i meant fi , but i can't articulate why i meant fi and not fe because i only know intuitively . i'll share my answer once i've thought it up . in a universal scenario where i make eye contact with a love interest , i give nothing less than a grin or smile . the problem is that i also grin or smile at people who aren't necessarily a love ... i'm not going anywhere ... and i was in the epicenter of the earthquake . : wink : http://fashionhairstyles.org/data/media/8/Rihanna_wonderful_make-up.jpg take a break from him ! go out and do something you love with the people you care about ! you can still keep him in your life , but right now you need to step back and go through the process of healing , ... maybe mature ns move on from fantasizing about sci-fi scenarios to fantasizing about interpersonal interactions ( real-world problems ) . jokes . i can get a joke without actually knowing the details that make the joke funny because i can identify the relationships between the pun and the details . highly , highly agree . keep these people in your lives ! oh , sorry , i was referring to marilyn vos savant ! i'd question the validity of the methods by which those statistics were determined . and what i find interesting is that the person who currently holds the record for highest iq is an entp . iq tests ... i was generalizing . yes because feelers can reach the same conclusions as thinkers through different processes . i'm really surprised at the lack of yeses . perhaps she's referring to bursts of cynical introspection as opposed to just moseying around in'er head . isfps because their order of cognitive functions is diametric to ours ! : wink : he's being possessive . i mean , not letting you see other people ? that's a sure sign he's insecure . you should be allowed to form emotional bonds with other people . he is making you dependent on him ... yes : http://i200.photobucket.com/albums/aa23/adahpotata/th_horny.gif . if any of the mbti types were rule followers , they would be istjs . remember that mbti is just a theoretical framework by which behavior can be analyzed and understood . don't fall into the trap of ... who are you to play with the emotions of other people ? get a hold of yourself . you're being disrespectful by dehumanizing him as if he or she were some kind of lab rat . christ , if playing with the ... wow , i can honestly say this verbatim . now driving in a wild frieze of headlong horses with eyes walled and teeth cropped and naked riders with clusters of arrows clenched in their jaws and their shields winking in the dust and up the ... favorite was physics . least favorite was ... math . coincidence ? i think not . you remind me of rodin : http://blogs.princeton.edu/wri152-3/f05/fmiller/images/T037497A.jpg don't take these statistics at face value . cognitive-function-wise , isfps are our opposites . i'd like to add that the cognitive-function-opposite of an intp is an isfp . tergiversate | tur-ji-ver-seyt , tur-ji - | ˈtəːdʒɪvəˌseɪt , - ˈvəːseɪt verb [ no object ] 1 make conflicting or evasive statements ; equivocate . 2 change one's loyalties ; abandon a belief or ... the dark mood of sleeping beauty has left an impression on me . http://www.dvdverdict.com/images/reviewpics/sleepingbeauty03.jpg gallimaufry | gal-uh-maw-free | ˌga-lə-ˈmo ̇ - frē noun [ in singular ] a confused jumble or medley of things . hahahahaha . i appreciate your humor , but i think you should make your own rant thread so this thread does not become off topic . and i think eupsychics would be the cognitive equivalent of eugenics . what's up with all the different 9-5- 4 combinations , especially when the 5s have 4 - wings and the 4s have 5 - wings ? i'm sure i'm not the first to have noticed this pattern . : confused : intps who play games with emotion are not worth the effort . you deserve someone who will treat you better . oh , and intps do forgive . actively loving or hating others necessitates the use of fe . the drive to connect or disconnect with others and express emotions are intrinsic to fe . empathizing with another is fe ; defining what ... i like to mimic intjs . if anything , developing fi would be at the expense of your ti , but only for the period of initial effortful development . i don't wear sunglasses ever . i already seem arrogant without them on . : frustrating : '