' awkward hair growing out phase.http :/ / personalitycafe.com/members/devilsapple-albums-devilsapple-picture16306-hair-growing.jpg a new one that someone said to my sister the other day . i don't know why but when she told me this one we both laughed our asses off . you dress like a dike well this is backwards but as an nt i get along with inf males very well and some of them have been long term friends from childhood . i have one confirmed nt sibling , my younger sister is an intj , however some of my siblings are too young to tell yet . books the dyson vacume cleaner buck knives guns eyeglasses music candles i don't expose my self to news , i try to avoid as much media as possible , yes it is a disaster , yes it could be the beginning of the end , or the beginning , either way there is nothing i can do about ... when you are having an argument with someone who is being very emotional and they start throwing around words like logic and reason . high school teachers who are complete and utter mornons .  ... i prefer dogs , large breed active dogs . yet i have one dog and 4 cats ... hrm borderline personality disorder . my sister is an intj and people are constantly saying the same things to me about her dude , i don't think your sister likes me i think your sister is mad at me your sister thinks it's stupid ... i find that intp or intj friends of the male variety are usually the only people i trust further than i can throw them . kallisti feralesque has got it pretty accurate , you aren't really aware of the trip , pretend cigarette smoking or some focus around cigarettes even for non smokers is very common feralesque ... i never really suffered from any pms , but i recently started taking birth control again after a long break and i can really feel a change in my overall mood , i do feel more unexplained emotions . that ... let's see , where to begin . i am a big fan of natural ethnogens . big fan of mckenna . i don't know that i would call my drug use recreational exactly . as some of you know i grow a poison garden at my ... i am an intp , was raised in a spiritual but not religious home . i currently still consider myself a spiritual person , but also a scientific person . i find my spirituality in the world around us , ... oh sure , i think this is fairly common and we do it because we fill in the blanks that we don't know about the person and create a bit of a fantasy or our own idea of what they must be like . i think ... i change positions a lot , put my feet or foot up if there is something to put them on , usually feet wide apart and bouncing if they are touching to floor . all of throbbing grislte's work really . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=geeXiwRH1lA&feature=related well personally i think this whole nice guy idea is a little flawed . i am a little on the masculine side in my thinking and i have a lot of male friends , i consider them all nice guys and would ... well , even though i am a female i found this post interesting . the fact that you two are having these really great conversations is the part i think you would want to focus on , for me at least , ... i scored 28 mostly on the pattern type behavior , paying attention to number sequences , noticing details , catagorizing etc . i am very adept however at reading between the lines , figuring out motive ... i am very much into fitness . i love being physical ! i love to hike , run , spar , play outside . as far as a fitness routine , it's winter here still so i do 40 minutes of low elliptical on level 5 ... 11185ok so back to the task at hand . 11184 yes i am extremely absent minded . i literally can only remember the current day in any type of detail , anything that happened before today , well i might remember some of it , but i will have no idea ... oh and i missed your question about my sister , no i am not sure she is an intp , she very well could be an intj and i think her enneagram is 9 . ha ha ha ... yes i know it's rare :) , ask around , i'm keepin it real . * pops collar and adjusts glasses * i did not have a woman present in my life , i was raised by a single father , he is an istp i ... and i was so looking forward to stuffing myself into tight pink sequins , yanking my hair into a face lift inducing don't , and getting soaked in pig's blood ... at least that's how i always imagined ... this has nothing to do with anything but i love your new ava pic :) this is an arrangment of quotes from the character otis b . driftwood of the house of 1000 cropses and devil's rejects movies . ain't we just havin a fucking hoot , heads full of kitty cats ... just got back from getting my hair cut .. http://personalitycafe.com/members/devilsapple-albums-devilsapple-picture13102-a.jpg i lost myself in the desert , i fled from my own kind , drinking only cactus milk , i left them all behind , the scorpion just stares at me , http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4vaN01VLYSQ&feature=related omg it rhymes > > > kinda . my drowsy beauty solanaceae , a lady bittersweet , droplets from her graceful arms , snake : roses are red i wish you were dead , devilsapple : violets are blue and bloated like you . my intp sister and i , people can't tell us apart on the phone , i'm a little more animated than she is :) http://personalitycafe.com/members/devilsapple-albums-stuff-picture13023-a.jpg growing out my natural hair color for the first time in years . http://personalitycafe.com/members/devilsapple-albums-devilsapple-picture12910-a.jpg i gravitate toward np people . i also like intj people . happy birthday skycloud ! new netbook has a webcan yeee ! http://personalitycafe.com/members/devilsapple-albums-devilsapple-picture12710-a.jpg ... i do . whistling dixie by the left rights i will either aggressively pursue the guy ( very obvious and direct ) or i will ignore them completely depending on the person and the nature of the crush . i identify with this very much . baww , cute ! nice outfit an you're shower curtain is closed ! ( pet peeve of mine to have them open ) i'm the same way , people who know me well think i am crazy / funny , but outsiders think im from the moon . i am also similar in partner choice , my husband is an entp , he is far more extroverted than ... the thing is , some of us are only quiet and have an attitude on the face we present to the world in general , but once you get to know us we can be goofy , geeky , adventurous and super easy to ... oh how i can relate , and yes , we are the quiet ones , you'd never find me out partying at the clubs or the normal meat market type scenarios , i'd more likely be at a coffee house or other chill place . i really identify with this . i was always my grandmothers favorite as well and this year she died of lung cancer after a lengthy illness . the entire family abandoned her except for me , i went through ... my best guy friend is an infp , and although he exasperates me at times , i adore him and i would rip out the eyes of anyone who messed with him . latest photo of me . i'm super excited to be alive in this one . http://personalitycafe.com/members/devilsapple-albums-devilsapple-picture12052-a.jpg '