' i suppose i should clarify again , haha . when i say i want children i mean wayyy in the future . i've only just started my bachelors and do not intend to pursue marriage and children for some time ... i think you may misunderstand the dilemma a bit , so let me clarify .. in the christian paradigm casual-dating doesn't exist . it is a means to an end , that end being to find out whether the parties ... for about 6 years , although my first was an awkward middle-school relationship . sucks . so much . part of the reason life has sucked for the past few months is directly related to this , actually . move along , for some reason it posted my reply twice . si manifests in me with fi mixed in , almost unilaterally . it bombards me with memories of the past and i'm intensely aware of how i felt about each respective scenario . that's why certain ... 1 . happy are you ? 3.5 bummed about lack of relationship . 2 . socially skilled are you ? 3-8 . 5 depends on the day . i can be very charismatic when necessary , but i can also get misanthropic when ... for the record , i'm a male infp type 6 ( and as much as i hate to say it , probably w7 * sigh * ) the problem many of you can probably crushed on somebody at one time or another . you encourage ... i definitely do this (: . but i have to make sure that it is only playful , as i don't want to actually offend them , you know ? i am quite intrigued my anime , as you can see by my avatar . my favorites go in this order : 1 : death note 2 : samurai champloo ( not finished yet , but a current favorite ) 3 : trigun 4 : okami-san ... now i guess i'll contribute .. seeing as i am currently quite infatuated with someone , this shouldn't be too difficult . so whenever i'm with her , i open up , so to speak . to be more concise , i ... i don't think i'd bend my personal morals for anyone . that's just me ^ ^ ( p . s . i feel like that came off as a little blunt . no hostility here (: ) your big five results here's mine . despite odds , stands against many . i'm a type 4 , but not 4w5 , but i'll still contribute ! the ballad of john and yoko by the beatles https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ugOtHXQEypk samaritan burden by witchcraft ... hey , you're early ! best friends : esfp ( might be isfp , hard to tell with some people ) entp intj ( might be intp as well ) infj ambitious ? oh yeah . goal-oriented ? definitely . do i think i'll meet my goals ? realistically , no . but i can dream , can't i ? one of my best friends was an intp . unfortunately , he moved away , but we got along really well . he didn't have a lot of friends at our high school so we ' adopted ' him into our group . he was really ... youtube.com/watch?v=hsdfes-sjos hawks and serpents by the sword i would say that i'm above average . i , in middle school , recieved a 129 on an iq test , which may or may not have been reliable , but took another recently and scored 149 , which also may not have been ... my avatar is a picture of myself , being myself . i tend to think that this represents me well . drain my bad ! i'll remember the ' reply ' next time . and really ? huh , that's odd . normally , atleast with mbti , i get infp . i am not at all a judging , but i suppose the sensing is a possibility . i'm also ... 19 % combativeness , 37 % sneakiness , 50 % intellect , 86 % spirituality cleric full of faith and spirituality ! you are a cleric ! clerics are holy men and women who use their powers to heal the ... enneagram test results the enneagram is a personality system which divides the entire human personality into nine behavioral tendencies , this is your score on each ... type 1 ... this is a bit lengthy , and i consider myself an infp , however , i border on intp . any thoughts ? 0.is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , ... nononono not in the slightest ! i apologize if that's how i came off , because that's not it at all . my family believes in heresy . i am a christian , however , i do not believe the same way as my ... so , i feel that i am definitely an infp , but one thing has continually haunted me from the get-go : the notion that infp's are so flighty and emotional that they aren't logical . this kind of stems ... sounds like you're describing frission . another similar phenomenon , although i'm pretty sure everyone gets that . i have always had this and wondered if it had anything to do with our type . for those of you who don't know the term , asmr stands for autonomous sensory meridian response . i lack the number of posts ... i'm really not a great orator , nor am i a great poet , however ; i feel that i can best express my thoughts by writing . there are times when i'll come up with a great idea and i get so excited about ... i , also , am a christian . the bible is infallibly the word of god . jesus christ died on the cross as payment for the sins of the whole world . it's our job , as believers , to spread the gospel ... my yearning devotion without end or closure . never unveiled , for fear of denial . ablaze , everlasting , but you ; unaware . i also noticed that we're generally considered to be spiritual , but rarely do i meet other christian infps . i am a christian . i was raised as a pentecostal christian , that is , if you sin before you ... having a twitter and using one are two different things lol . i have one , but i have never felt inclined to ' tweet ' . a few weeks ago i was sitting at lunch with a few friends and one of my friends , who never seems to shut up about things that he's gonna do ( usually bragging but under the guise of sarcasm ) , and he ... i long for a relationship but i set my standards so high that it's difficult to find someone who adheres to my expectations . if someone does meet my expectations then i wonder if said person ought to ... here goes ! 107234 i totally get this . i had a girlfriend a few years ago ( definitely hadn't matured enough , myself ) and became veryyy attached to her . she was ultimately very hypocritical , controlling , etc . but i ... when i read things like this , i laugh so much at just how true this is . i often disagree with some of the notions that are put forth by my peers , but , simply trying to avoid confrontation , i rarely ... greetings (: i'm nightwing 761 , or my first name is tyler . i'm 17 years old and i'm an infp who can occasionally borderline infj . typology is veryy interesting to me and i am also interested in ... '