' i agree with this ... i don't keep friends without trying it seems like , well more so maintaining closeness . but this year i'm making a few new friends and joined a band . i don't think through my feelings , i normal do nothing and just feel them raw , then sort them out later.sign up for facebook | facebook people just don't agree with how to be spiritual without religion , and some people need to know how because we aren't all christians . plus i'm being attacked multiple times saying it's some morality ... i wouldn't say i'm a total outside but most of my friends aren't normal or kinda nerdy . another friend i used to hang out a ton like avoids me or is obsessed since i told him i was an atheist ( probably a few months ago ? ) i was christian until the beginning of this year or so but even ... once your somewhere new they always do that ... hahaha . a lot of times you meet someone just as good or better though . but it sucks when you lose them . i think i'm lucky to be introverted , i don't ... i think deep down it is not religion , they probably were tired of being mistreated , had dealt with the horrors of discrimination , rather than read a bible verse and that being the main reason for ... justification doesn't equal cause . some of them may have been that way ( mlk is a good example ) but the cause was from the idea of equal rights , the enlightenment , and simply being mistreated ... i'm not saying something is right and asserting that is not science . connecting morality to religion is insane , every modern social movement has been from secular , modern causes , i'm referring to ... i'm only in high school and 95 % of my friends i've met in middle school and such and i have a few friends and a good amount of acquaintances . so i'm happy but in terms of really good friends i think ... i agree with you , but being alone doesn't mean lonely , and you can be lonely and not be alone . alone rules by the way . political and issues . well that and fiction . something that appeals to my emotions . also , i love science and learning so i read about that . recently i've read a book on genetics , biography on ... well an evil ( and emotionally unstable who actually has ocd and takes meds and i'm sure has other problems ) ex-friend of mine broke off with me , she was going way over the line to violence ... shes ... i don't like sharing a seat on the bus , i try to avoid it . luckily a lot of the ignorant / annoying kids were seniors and are gone now ... i hope . i wouldn't say it's from coldness . i just alway have loved science , i want to discover and learn about everything . intj . hands down . i'm a big thinker . when i went to paris i was leading the way for my family . i'm only a teenager but if they gave me the paperwork i could easily get home straight from the hotel . i don't drive either . i really like nature and it's so relaxing , elegant , and beautiful . i could see myself going into biology , i wouldn't like all the dirt and streams and yeah ... but i want to go into science . i ... i'm very introverted , generally no less than 85 % on the tests . around 95 % normally . so i don't get lonely too often . but that feeling when nobody understands you or you need to express deep ... i get angry easily and have similar experiences . don't know what to tell you , just let your fe work . a space elavator would be slow and cost too much ... new fuels are the answer . studying anthropologically isn't demeaning , it just means studying the culture , happens with all cultures . but i know you mean by that . hahahaha . they aren't as fringe as you think ... it's scary ... theories require phd's ... if you don't have one get one now ... and connecting mind to matter as in spirituality good luck . i love bill maher . and i've seen this too many times . and they're pretty much for trillions in war funding because we all need 4000 troops per country right ? he's right about the debt though ... so wheres your evidence ? i really doubt you have ever been to france , belgium , germany , etc . people have much better standards and statistics show it . i've traveled there , have a few relatives who moved there and had their ... your ideas of the bailouts are avoid the problem of deregulation , time and time again it has been proven to cause problems . the glass-steagall act repealed by conservatives caused huge problems and ... i actually watched it today . i also personally know quite a few tea partiers . so i'm intolerant for being angry for someone who claims atheists are evil and uses the murder of some high schooler ... they were needed , people were constantly asking to address the issue and he went with the constitution , look at public support of repealing the jim crow laws . i've tested istj when having a terrible few months of life , in fact it was my first mbti lol . mormonism has a lot of roots in oppression of women and the book is racist . it condemns marrying someone who isn't white , claims god turned cain into a black man , used to forbid black , its also ... next five years ... 1 . get into a top notch college 2 . enjoy college . 3 . get some kind of research done or help with it ( phd ) get a car , volunteer / job , have a relationship hopefully i'm in ... glenn beck ( the scary fear-mongering mormon ) is having a massive gathering at the lincoln memorial . it's sad because at the anniversary of the i have a dream speech by mlk beck has a guide to avoid ... mbti - google scholar we can't fully cover all aspects of personality , thats virtually impossible , but look at the articles , theres plenty in favor for an against , but the evidence is in favor of ... i used to be like that , and i'm a teenager . i'm generally cynical and tend to underestimate people sometimes in terms of character , intelligence , attitude , etc . i don't show trust easily . i've come ... your probably like me on the introversion , i'm very introverted but i'm a talker around people i know very well / trust . your probably infj . it seems to get you to be more open , be more admired and generally a better respected person . i feel stronger in that i'm making better decisions and people will like / agree with me more . so , do ... i do what i want , which i'm glad about , i know when and how to not take things personally and i try to get my way unless it's hurting someone a lot . i'm assertive when i'm not afraid of someone ... very very slowly ... also , physiologically means like physically in terms of health . on a lot of the online quizzes they ask if governed by head or heart , logic vs feelings , etc . i would agree with you on relying on values and people for decisions vs the most logical or efficient ... define spiritual ? i hate how religion is seen as beneficial in psychology . you can replace it with other things that are true and not morality controlling ... so if you meaning deep meaning and ... you'd have to look at scholarly papers about it . also mbti is based on jung's hypothesis which was not based on proper standards for formulating a theory . the big five is a theory which was started ... it seems natural to stereotype us as irrational however i think we need to show people that feeling means we base a lot of our decisions on feelings which are thought out and not raw emotion . we ... i'm in high school now ... i would say i've reached a point where the gender roles and repressing emotions has to stop . so when the year starts people will see me differently . you said what i had so much better . if i could change one thing as a child i would make myself shutup about my messed up imagination . but innocence and growth is good for me though . i hate writing endless thank you cards ... i hate it in fact i didn't do it this past year ( nov ) and it made me feel really self-conscious though ... i love when people make food for me ... apart ... i've been somewhat shy and very introverted , but the emotional expression shell formed around when i was 11ish ... i cared a lot more about it really and didn't want to look weak or get judged . 1 . accountability - i need to know i can depend on them to a reasonable extent . 2 . confidentiality - if it's a secret it stays that way . 3 . love / friendship - no need for an explanation here ... i've been using it and i feel stronger , i'm making decisions that give me more respect and i feel more admired which is great . :p roud : i tend to make decisions based what works the best socially or ... lmao depending on how things do that will happen ... that made sense i hope . '