' oh i see , hmm . the idea of that gives me anxiety . group things , obligations and what not . but thank you for the invite does it ? or does it depend on what obsessed means to you ? ;P who are us and how do i play ? intp choice of icons , memes and profile images follow a theme - tried to describe it but i can't - but there definitely is a theme . yes i feel like infp is being in a constant battle between two extremes . impulsive on the inside stoic and controlled on the outside . more and more i understand that my life happens in my mind more ... some days ... i have the need to move surroundings every 2-5 years . if not moving to the other side of a town the other side of the world . i don't like to move around always on the go . i like to go to a place , ... istp , far too much transformer , not enough unicorn ... did i say unicorn ? i ment buddhist monk i relate to almost all that you've been writing and i can with the most certainty say i'm an introvert , without a shadow of a doubt . i have also considered that i may be add and struggle in much the ... time and again dumbfounded by the idea that infp are incapable of being technical scientific and logical , that we just fluff around being emotional all day . i do logic using the feeling function , i'm ... i can't even formulate what is on my mind anymore . confidence incinerated ... infpanic mode entered . why are people so cruel or am i just too sensitive to make sense in this world ? damned deep emotions that are so easily overlooked and bypassed then a surprise trigger and whooosh ... the tsunami hits land and there is no stopping the overflow . someone needs to invent a portable ... anyone who lives by an ism has lost their mind to a construct of the imagination . a king can never know what it is to be common . therefore a king can not accurately judge a commoner in his ... everything can be reduced to nothing simply by changing perspective . hence nothing and everything co-exist and both are happening all the time . all the time is happening now . took this personality test free personality test - eerily accurate - learnmyself and the result listed one part which was compared to 3 milion + people you are ... 1 people out there is similar to ... i don't like when i have to ask for help , i should just get on with it myself . i know , silly me - i should just ask for it , right ? so i decide to go for it , just ask for help , how bad can it be ? ... completely deflated .. been under alot of pressure recently and today it all fell apart when i turned sour old witch ( in honor of the day i guess ) on my colleagues because of a combination of stress and lack of sleep . i'm ... ' i ' is broken ... all that's left is am those birds flying in the sky look a like a tick in the box . a little infj if you ask me in terms of being group oriented . it feels a little artificial and constraint ... like i prefer to roam free ... how rude ! ! ;) highly judgmental types and those who enjoy chasing games . i personally do not enjoy games or being judged . you realize you were never really present . past or future inside nothingness finding peace really like the sound of your voice , you've got some very nice tones in there ... keep doing what you do without fear and share what you do because it is shareable :) hi all this is a video in two parts just recorded where i ramble about myself for about 30 minutes . i wanted to record this for the longest . it is part of my mission to rid myself of my fears one ... bumping the thread with an erykah badu quote ... at one point me and the audience became one living breathing organism and that's what i do it for that quote feels very infp to me ( but maybe ... actually i'm quite sure telepathy does , just not readily available to all at all times yet ... this might interest you ... ;) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8yNoUTPRbl0 and what a wonderful ... i have a weird sense of direction where i have no idea what a street is called or what landmarks are on the way to where i need to go but if you show me a map of the area once i can intuit my way to ... when you turn inside to access the sequence of events of a story that happened to you that you're about share with someone only to find no such sequence or anything tangible to describe and end up ... bumping this old thread . i scored estj ( extravert ( 100 % ) sensing ( 25 % ) thinking ( 75 % ) judging ( 44 % ) ) some times i feel like a silent scream in an infinite universe ... without going into too much detail i understand and have lived my whole life with these and other kinds of experiences . my conclusion after 37 years and my last episode is that the pursuer is ... my latest musings ... ive always dreamed of being able to write to this kind of music . actually my dream was to be a jazz singer in small band standing in the corner of some bar jamming with the ... more like please just know so i know that you know so i don't have to explain cause it's gonna take a wile and by the time you know it has changed and become insignificant and now something else is ... you know that feeling when you want some one to know it but you don't want to have to spell it out ? it's that alot ... there is no place you can be where you do not belong * hugs * but i confess that i still get caught up in the search for home - time and time again . aww those are lovely pictures and you look great together . i was going to ask about his personality type until i saw he's a member too so i had a sneak on his page . both infp's which is ... rainman - i started a new thread here : http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/125825-intuitive-thinkig-something-else-discussion-non-verbal-non-visual-thinking.html#post3177020 thank you :) rainman i would still very much be interested in your mbti score whether you believe in it or not . would you mind telling me what you used to score as ? ( for my learning ) ok lets start another ... you know you're an intuitive when you have the above long conversation every 3 months about the way you think and still can not remember the exact words you used the last time that got the point ... rainman you miss understand no it is not about objects touching other objects that is external sensations internal are what we call feelings not related to an object touching us . ( what does it feel ... all that is left is for you to try and feel what i wrote as sensations in your body . when you do then you understand ... :) i don't think anyone can teach another person to think in their way but we can explain how it works and the other person can empathise / imagine in their own mind what that would be like . only other ... it might help you to know that i have a bsc in chemistry and now work in it integration as a technical project manager . i tell you it is perfectly possible to understand science without the words . it ... rainman because it is late here i will answer your question about my thinking and may come back tomorrow to comment on your other thoughts . i think in sensations in my body ... i'm agreeing with rainman here these are the best ways i understand the distinctions between all the functions . perceiving - ( trusting that your mind took in enough data without actively looking ... you look perfect ... i'm sure in color too :) i know all about feeling awkward just remember how you feel isn't always the truth especially when it comes to judging yourself . you're a beautiful ... personally believe high empathy can cause social awkwardness ... imagine feeling what everyone is feeling and identifying with everything that goes on beneath the surface of everyone around while ... 63 first time then i realized there were no on the fence answers so i went through an corrected those that were sligtly more correct than incorrect and got 70 . typical of me to be undecided alot - ... '