' annnd .. another incredible post by you sir . : wink : that's so funny because that's exactly what i did .. he appeared left out and i wanted him to know he was appreciated . it only took a conversation ... done then forgotten yet you keep coming back for more ... :P .. this must be what you meant by snowballing ;) i actually prefer pleasuring him or him pleasuring himself as well which makes the two of us funny sometimes :D having him dominant , i just like feeling his strength .. i'm so feminine that something ... nice ! however , you will only be possessive of its content for 39.4 seconds . after the 23.1 second post , you have precisely 16.3 seconds to reread it a couple times , battle with the possessive feelings , ... my bf is teaching me some really cool street fight moves tailored to girls since they're smaller and at such a disadvantage . its fun ! i'm not as acrobatic as he is and quick and remembering though ... all i can say is .. ooh ! i like you ! ! my so is stunningly good at martial arts , something i loved and did all growing up ; he shoots like my brother , talks like my dad and reminds me of every bad ... i just had this question asked me yesterday . haha .. % 80 of the time its about my bf .. why ? because i obsess ! ! his eyes , his face , his smile , everything i want to do to him next time i see him , the ... lol . i'm already imagining how this conversation is going to go ... i'm going to tailor that statement to him and if i pull it off just right ... this is gunna be awesome . :D i imagine you rereading your post .. thinking about it .. editing it to 39.3 lol ;) hahahahaha ! ! ! alright .. and i'll just imagine that smug grin you get every time you recieve a notification that i thanked a post ;D : tongue : i either consciously or subconsciously analyze the motives behind everything . when someone tries to manipulate me , i know it immediately . my parents at various points have tried this one me . i ... infp lol . that's me all the way . we have an infp enfp enfj and infj on our family .. i touch myself the most .. then the enfj second . the infj does a little but rarely and the enfp never ;) when i read this i thought , yeah , duh she likes you . i'm an n but that was me and my istp so . i talked and bantered with everyone but got all nervous whenever he walked by .. i played with my hair , ... omg ... you get a giant hug then ! ! ! yeah , lol , i didn't even know this feud-like mentality stuff even existed until we moved to the south . at first i thought i could help everybody see the light ... i think i'm starting to understand what's going on .. tell me what you think . to answer your question , i know its being physically dominated that drives me crazy ! i was curious what it was for ... its overwhelming but in the most amazing way you could ever imagine ! ! ! it makes me so hot , when gets like that and comes near , i literally won't be able to breath ! ! god , just thinking about its ... :p roud : i know he really likes me a lot .. its breathtaking ! that's a very informative video ! you gotta love * * * ' s stuff .. with miscommunication , we've gathered as much from sorting through ... neither of them are controlling either , very intense , but controlling isn't how i'd describe it .. seems more like a assumption that i belong with them . don't hate that about yourself .. its ... i agree .. my bf is actually more strict than they are in certain areas of life but its hard to get through to them when there's so much prejudice and social pressure . it doesn't help that its an ... to be most clear , most of the time ( sex or just an intimate moment ) we're just having a lot of fun . it can be very close , romantic fun but its still just us having fun . on a very rare occasion , he ... you just described my house ! ! we are n dominant here and even my estp dad joins the fun my making up his own on occasion ;) what's the most idealistic situation of perfect happiness you could find ... wow ! ! ok this is why infps need intjs ! ! i'd seriously hug you if you weren't opposed to physical invasion : tongue : i feel like i can see the whole thing through a clear glass now .. i don't know why ... thanks ! ! since i started the post , we've already gone through the positions ;) to be most clear , most of the time ( sex or just an intimate moment ) we're just having a lot of fun . it can be very ... lmao ! ! ! when he moves in now i know i'm going to be sitting across the breakfast table from him singing this in my head ! ! ! thanks a ton .. i'll probably choke on my food ! haha .. no dislike at all ;) i'm here to figure this out not defend myself .. lol . :D i guess better put : i have this thing where i can't force myself to dislike anyone . no matter how weird , how ... rambo ! ! ! what makes you gag ? i'm in love with an istp ! ! he and i have had a growing relationship for the last 2 years . infps are naturally willing to understand people to the best of their ability but this relationship only ... 81252 i'll add istp bf here to this super hot group ! ! he's all the way on the right .. 8125681257 i got these snuck these when we were chatting before bed .. hehe . he doesn't smile much but the one ... oh my gosh ! ! ! yes ! ! ! when that movie came out i could barely watch it ! ! i used to turn bright red even when a kid in my class got in trouble for doing something stupid . i still have the same ... emotional - when my mom suddenly kicked my dad out of the house and the lied to me about what he had done . i was just a kid and too young to handle it . then one by one i watched all the people i ... i'll take a look .. i'm obsessed with depressing stuff ;) omg .. can you post them or send them to me ? i'd eat that stuff up ! ! thanks , i'll try not to stress out .. ;) ikr ! ! ? haha ! ! alrighty .. will do .. thanks again for insight guys . i'm having the most trouble navigating the situation with the man coming to live with me . i'm supposed to start helping him in ... within the first 10 minutes of conversation the dance instructor characterized himself as a very clear entp . the musician that's coming to live with us was the same way .. he has also taken the test ... lol .. one of them goes to a huge dance i attend in the city every saturday and the other ( the older one ) is a musician . my dad is in the entertainment business and works with him . unfortunately , my ... ok .. thanks . i was starting to wonder if that's what it was going to take . its just outside my usual behavior so i wanted to be sure before i started cutting them off like that . is there's any ... hehe ... ;) within the last few months i've now had two entp interested in me , one in his early 30 ' s and one 45 ( yeah , old enough to be my dad , haha ! ) age doesn't bother me at all and these guys are just a load ... dan 598 myself and some of my infp girlfriends included , probably wouldn't give any signs , just kind of always welcome it . i wouldn't welcome it as much if i'm extremely distracted with something ... i can't let go of relationships to save my life . if someone becomes consistently closed off i'll keep a hand reached out to them ( not intrusively ) and its their choice to take it or not but , by god , ... alright .. last one i promise ! ! haha .. ;) breaking away from my usual diary entry , i picked this day to write it out in poem form instead . so its just me going through the events of the day ... here's another one that's confused people , no one actually died ; i tend to be very metaphorical . i hid the meaning because its about my sister i lost when i was 13 .. and haven't seen in 10 years . i ... i'm not infj but here's one i wrote a while ago .. after reading this thread i'm totally inspired to start writing again .. there's some amazing stuff on here you guys ! ! resignation my god , my ... why do people want to choose my life for me ? i have to live with the choices . if its not a matter of right and wrong , why does it matter if i do what i want .. feeling tired of intense family ... my parents moved away from california before i was one . we don't have pictures or videos of the apartment we lived in but i have flashes of memories from it . my earliest memory is images , vague ... romantic in a dramatic , literary sense , when i was 18 .. i went out into the sleet and rain barefoot with almost nothing on and just let the chill sink in to the bone . i passed out when i came back in ... an utter mess :P lol , sorry . couldn't help it ;) as a kid i was the don't you dare rearrange my mess person . or the i'll clean by shoving it in my closet and under my bed person .. hehe . i'm ... '