' my mum is an istj and can be brutal at times but i usually get along with her now that i've grown up a bit . i think there are types that i have found much , much worse . basically anyone that will be ... rapunzel from tangled , the little mermaid , bicentennial man , pippy long stockings , helga from hey arnold ( she might have been an infp though ) and sailor moon just came back from an intj / infj enfp thread , and boy , a lot of them do not like us . i struggle with people not liking me , like i want to be friends with everyone . its not really fair to judge a ... yeah , because i could connect it to my own life . its not a very fun place to live though . once i got medicated for my bipolar and other things , i stopped being depressed most of the time . now i'm ... i say all the things i'm too scared / polite to say when i'm in a good mood . if someone criticizes me when i'm in a bad place , i will unleash fury . i also can't stand being around people in a good mood ... not as a child , but i occassionally get them now . a man in white robes , a floating head , a dude peering over his fence ... why are they always male ? ! ? lol i would say people prefer mature enfps to immature , underdeveloped ones . it's funny how some people are brilliant from day one , and others take their whole lifes to become pleasant people . i can ... so , are you guys in a relationship yet ? : octopus :: octopus : i liked someone who was 21 or 22 when i was 25 . it felt super weird to me . funny thing is , he was probably more mature than me . liking mutual statuses that hes liked will just confuse him and will look like you are playing games . like he won't know if you actually enjoyed the status or were trying to impress him . i think ... what exactly is ' ' the chase ? can you define what it looks like ? i think if someone is interested in you for three years and has to work to get your interest , he has been chasing you . you just ... hmm this thread is quite old isn't it ? to be honest , i was joking when i said fight , fight . it was said in jest . i'm not sure where i heard it from , but its a common expression where i come from . i ... i'm just worried that someone else will come along , and he'll fall for her , while wondering what is going on with you . it sounds to close to playing games . he is obviously into you , and it sounds ... i think being in a relationship would be exciting ! lots of firsts and you get to go on adventures together ! the worst thing is to not take a chance . in 10 years , you could still have feelings for ... 3 possible outcomes 1 . he thinks you are playing games and gets turned off 2 . another girl comes along , and they end up dating instead , because you weren't upfront about things 3 . you get ... i think you should just ask him out and see what happens . best not to worry about all of this . i know its easy to obsess , if you go on my profile page , you will see i have over 16 pages of threads ... really interesting read , thanks it sounds like he does like you ... but , people get confused by enfps . i think we like everyone to like us , and we can come off as flirting when we are just being friendly . i still think you should ... if he's not starting conversations with you , or txting you first than he's either not into you , or he's shy . most of my friendships are like that : ' - ( i think you hurt his feelings when you said that you didn't mean him . that's how i would read it , but i'm socially awkward , so may not be the best interpreter . anyway , i think you should go for ... 1 . ) is there something that you've always wanted to do or have been interested in ? broadly , specifically , a journey , creation , vocation , etc ? - photography - teaching - travel - books ... i was mostly addressing myself . about 80 % of the stuff i have posted on here is probably bullshit . i loved giving people advice , yet my own life was a huge mess - still single at mid 20s , did badly at ... thoughtful , weird , lonely , young , religious i will share some examples / stories because i don't know how good i would be at explaining things : - when i was a toddler , i liked looking through books to see the pictures , and loved looking ... oh no ! so many new posts to read through * inwardly groans * i think i hurt her . i have bipolar , and i got really sick a few years ago and was posting inappropriate stuff online . she was the only one that reached out to me and tried to help me , by calming me ... i think 6 years is a huge age difference when you are 17/18 . they are at very different life stages . he probably sees her as being more of an older sister type , rather than a partner . honestly , i was a dumbass for posting about something like this on facebook . of course she would lash out , i was pretty much asking for it . don't diss people publicly . lesson learnt . i think its a bad idea . i tried talking to multiple people online for a while , and i felt bad because i was getting attached to one person and didn't want to talk to anyone else , because it felt like ... don't give people advice when your own life is shit . don't trash people online or speak negatively about them , its recorded online forever whether its true or not , and the person won't be there to ... rereading this after all this time a few years ago , i managed to make my trumpet teacher ( a fe user i think ) incredibly angry by saying i'd rather be at a music course rather than his concert . ... hopefully , it definately hasn't happened yet ! * cringe * ( at me ) i love the purple dress ! i wouldn't want to wear it for more than a few hours though . no , i have things i like , and things i don't like . i mix all my styles . when i listen to music , i don't listen to one genre one day , than another the next , i click ' ' shuffle ' ' then sing / dance along ... this enfp turns into an obsessed psycho . bipolar , love and enfps don't mix . i was like that in highschool , but i doubt anyone thought i was ' ' very nice looking ' ' . the truth is , i got bullied heavily for three years , wanted to kill myself , didn't really have any friends ... haha , i wish i styled my hair more . to be honest i'm not very good at it . my hair doesn't look that bright or neat anymore , it was curled straight after it had been dried by the hairdresser . i am ... fair enough again , a lot of assumptions being made here . ? sorry ... i keep describing myself as 27 , but i'm actually 26 ... my birthday is in a week ! thats true , but can you actually go from being cute to hot ? i'm 27 and most people think i'm about 18 . until recently , i could pass as a 14 year old . you'd think i was short or something , but i'm 5 ' 8 . i don't think its possible for me to be ' ' hot ' ' . i have always been described as cute , occassionally beautiful . i am close to being flat chested , have small hips and basically no waist . i always ... i am really surprised by some of the replies on this thread . i thought enfps were dreamers , adventurous , manic pixie dream girls , old souls , young souls , people who march to the beat of their old ... sweetraglansweater maybe pink hair is not for you and that is fine . my sister says she loves my hair and that it really suits me , that i should keep it like this forever . my dad says he feels happy ... i took myself on a date a few months ago . i feel silly , i giggled the whole time ! i went and winked at like 15 people on the dating site , not sure what will come of it , or if i'm brave enough to take things further . people go on about how wonderful and liberating being single is , but its hard when you have nothing to compare it to . they say that being in a relationship is only worth it if it is with the right ... i hope we get coupled up soon with the right people , or find an interest that completely distracts us . i am distracted from this most of the time . '