' i love you , i loved you don't open my eyes . don't make my reality seem otherwise . i really , really like post-rock . it's so angelic and horrifying all at once , and often it focuses on hope as the central locus of the song . i also like punk rock , prog rock , and alternative music ... the red heart it bellows , flinging delights or smut to spatter on windows determinedly shut . sleepyfox bottes thank you guys , a lot . it sucks , but it'll be fine . things are looking hopeful , just slowly . i can manage :) apparently it'll take 10-12 months to get on hrt from the time i speak to a therapist / doctor here ... i don't want to exist that long as i am now . fuck this . i read a quote once that went something like youth is the secret belief , or hope , that you are the one person in the history of existence who will never grow old , but i think it's probably more ... i'm not sure i care about individual entps , but the innumerable , endless cycle of questions about entps and infjs is repetitive and frustrating . maybe we should make a sticky / particular subforum ... how is this anything but rhetoric ? feeling functions describe the way we assign value to things . so siding against a majority to favour more valued minorities is a contradiction of the idea that fe ... the heart's circuitous bleed , the moon's slow escape . somewhere , the sowing of seeds . endlessly , delusions of forever . loved that book . i really related to eliza at times , which made it more interesting , too . how do you know he didn't ? i realise hitler did great things , and i'd say that his holocaust wasn't necessarily evil - he really believed it was the best thing to do , that he was doing the best ... i'm not sure that's a very fair style of thinking . something is not either bad or good , and the presence of both does not negate either side . for example , gandhi beat his wife and was mixed up in ... infps are really flipping inspiring . i'm constantly impressed by their ability to care so deeply for everyone around them , in a just , but pragmatic , way . andrea gibson is one fine example of a ... collected poems-sylvia plath collected poems-w . b . yeats collected poems - t . s . eliot :P i have other poets on the go too , but let's not push the list too far . as for prose , i'm reading the ... names are not a thing i research . either the name feels right , or i need to try again . it's like clothes shopping , but less infuriating and public . what fictional story do you wish were real ? it's not so much a story as a world - tolkien's middle earth . though life was impoverished and tough , magic permeated everything . there was a definite ... they are , really . that's why i think the function typing system and the dichotomous system are not interchangeable . you're either using diluted socionics / pure functions , or diluted big 5 typology ... civilly . disliking someone doesn't mean awful behaviour towards them is pardonable . anyway , focusing on disliking them just makes me feel worse . why should i highlight a negative emotion , when i can ... i'm not sure about it . it's easy to listen to , and easy to catch yourself moving with it . but i never really felt anything from it . it was pleasant , but nothing greater than that ? i also found that ... i have quite a few of these relationships . i'd say i'm a firm believer in this possibility . also , is it not kind of silly to assume that the only thing required to affect romantic interest is the ... my phone cannot use perc properly , it seems . i'll reply later . i prefer my characters to be mainly symbolic . i prefer creating environments and landscapes , and characters interfere with that . i've never understood how to enjoy writing about people , to be honest ... i don't recall our previous conversation , and probably said very many stupid things that i myself will disagree with when i eventually read them in order to reply with you . for now , the quoted ... i've been really interested recently in counteracting this effect in my writing , or thinking about it in others ' . ( i dream a lot about the potential and power of certain literary movements or forms ... i'm pretty sure i should've been born to be a bard in olden times . a talentless bard , but a bard nonetheless . i find that people my age and people older than me are uninterested in discussing what ... neat garden old willows sprawled here proud man's touch i know i'm not very convincing here , but i'm pretty sure that haiku has the potential to be the punk-revolutionary form in the world of ... plain letters unread unwritten careless me i think i's only make the more open-minded . lgbt-phobia and emotional estrangement were and are rampant and consuming in my home . i'm a little internally skewed because of it , and for a while had ... implicitly , simplicity is like soft warming blankets . explicitly , to sow grand seeds is very often thankless . this garden was rolled knolls and meadows sodden with colour dripping light and life to dullard eyes everywhere and - until the sage leathers came to pack neat rows and curb unruly petals . i think that if you have reached the place in the relationship where you're feeling frustrated by the fact that she doesn't understand that you like her , it's okay to say something . other than your ... around girls , i am much freer and more open . i feel relaxed and more like myself . my friends now tend to be mainly girls . i rarely initiate conversations with guys . there is something so strained and ... oh god , can you guys smell the fetid internet culture in here , or is it just me ? the only crime the poor girl has exhibited is the affectation of free will , something i'm totally in favour of . you ... well , i can't speak for all of us .. * hooks thumbs in belt , thrusts waist out * .. but it bodes well for your ego that i don't kiss-and-tell . ( * is borderline asexual * ) pretty soon someone'll need to allocate days for being alone without seeming rude . special occasions are such a social minefield already , and there're new ones being formed ? ! * gulp * a . i disagree heartily , and b . what the hell is sweetest day ? ! the plastic petals dew , let waters fall to earthless floors . there are no roots here , there is no growth ; no browning humus moulders , so we do , the alien strangers , alone imperfect in sheer linoleum ... cersei lannister ( find it hard to believe that more people hate dany than her , seemingly . i think of cersei as the mad queen , to match aerys ' old title ) catherine from northanger abbey - i read ... i dislike every form of physical touch and intimacy i've encountered , though i like the idea of it a lot . it's just the reality of the experience i dislike . i've realised i think i'm transgender ; that knowledge is the loneliest , most exciting , most terrifying , most inspiring , most revelatory , strangest , most impossible and most wearying epiphany i've ... it's never perfect , but sometimes it can have soul . i personally don't like the divine comedy by dante alighieri much in english . even with no italian competency , the flow and pacing of the ... sylvia plath * charles bukowski * w . b . yeats oscar wilde emily dickinson philip larkin * ted hughes robert service andrea gibson ( ! ! ! ) w . h . auden * a certain truth's uncertain , physique's ephemeral . being sure's the guarantee that you've not seen a world . ( written on the back of an identity crisis re : gender ) sunrise sees all paper smiles , all festered secrets keeping . young , i kicked balls for hours - keeping , pleading them afloat : a game - this game is seeping deep to reddened heartstring cores , ... i made up a saying a couple of years ago and sent it to my friend regarding some thing that happened on social media , i think i phrased it does a snowflake feel responsible for an avalanche ? just ... fuck gender . words are cheap now . whether people ever weighed them appropriately , i don't know , but the nuances and soul of proper expression is dumbed down now . perhaps it's not that i lack the means to convey ... for me , that is not true . whether i've discussed things with the wrong people or simply dislike openness , i cannot say , but beauty , power and magnitude in thought has always seemed childish and petty ... i doubt i'll ever commit to just one , as you say , twin . self perception is fleeting and capricious . i alternate between being stannis and renly baratheon , between being holden caulfield and jay ... 1 . i love prog rock ( dream theater , king crimson ) and alt music ( don't know what else to call it , look up cocorosie or a silver mt . zion ) 2 . i like poetry , generally i prefer more depressive or ... '