' one of my best friends and co-workers is quitting switching jobs somewhere else . i will be the last of a bunch that were great workers in our area . i might have to try to get a transfer to a ... i'm a vegetarian and i've never forced or tried to convert anyone , ever . i even have some friends / coworkers that respect me for letting them eat meat and not giving them a lecture about it . i might ... when the group of people who you work with tell you that they've never seen you mad or gloomy , just happy and smiley . is this a typical istj trait or is it just me . i just try to have a positive ... https://youtu.be/RAli9a8bbys since we are talking about dentists [ emoji 6 ] . a classic scene from little shop of horrors ( 1960 ) with jack nicholson . speaking . i feel you . some of my coworkers give me a hard time about it . it's not worth our time . our love requires two sides to be complete . one sided love is like a klein bottle , it doesn't exist in our dimension . thanks target , i'll be taking my business and freezing butt else where . why ? because you gave away tickets for the nes at 5:30 a . m . to the 4 in line at that moment and most went to their car to keep ... the glass ceiling idea has been one of mine for years but within a geodesic dome house of my dream home and where the best bedroom would be . i love the website packagetrackr because i only have to enter the tracking number , as long as it's in the system , and it send me a message every time there is a update or a delivery date change . when sometimes you get bored predicting things before them even happening and you are correct or nearly correct . as you already know what will happen and already know the outcome what's the point if ... that moment that you realize someone who you had a small crush on turns out to be taken :( also for what it's worth she almost has the same birthday as me . if it's not true i shouldn't worry about it , the truth is all i need . speaking of movies i just saw laura at the theaters and victoria price was there to introduce the movie . best night ever at a theater . you are told that you are excellent at grinning and bearing it just look at ursi's posts . most say omit post . it's annoying like they want to take everything back that they want to say . it does . for the most part i listen to upbeat music so that helps me . you can try finding different genres or songs that are more positive / upbeat . rave : i finally went out for a bike ride since it's been hot out lately and today it was cool . did my usual tour of the city . after a while i had noticed a particular car that looks familiar so i get ... same situation with me except my partner took a 2 hour lunch on me when we should only take a hour lunch and came back and didn't say anything or what not like nothing happened . then next time i ... why does being honest and truthful person often feel like you are a bad person . long time no see yardiff bey ! daughter : can we get chocolate eggs ? chocolate eggs , chocolate eggs ! ! mother : no , those are organic eggs . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gd3oYFS9g9I https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DLW1JAVG81o https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0QVPUIRGthI it was after work , but it could have easily been during . it appears i might be able to avoid her , for the most part , as i heard she only works two days a week unless i have to buy something and she ... rant : talked to the new worker after work and was with other workers and they were telling her about how i'm the odd / shy guy . she literally was in my face asking me questions and thought i was ... i might have a little but after some thinking i probably still have given it a shot as she was mature , clam , knows what she wanted to do with her life / has experience that many istj's would prefer ... i love teddy bears also , almost have too many . in fact i actually found a build a bear recently at a salvation army and it appeared that it didn't get any love , brand new basically , so i found him a ... 2 . i was with someone who i learned later into our relationship was years older than me , but i didn't care as they liked me and me them . sorry but that's the only question i can answer as the ... no because i have nobody . years ago i bought a box of chocolates and a small bear for someone special , but i never got the chance to give them to her as i never saw / heard from her after sometime , ... when management learns to leave me alone , if i'm solo , because they know , for the most part , that i do a good job if they leave me alone to do my thing and will get nearly all my work done with some ... rave : last week i was solo in one department and another day i was solo in two departments . both days i had roughly 9 hours of freight and i got everything done with about a hour left to zone but i ... for the most part soundtracks from movies , games and tv as well as classical music , so mainly instrumental music , but i sometimes listen to celtic / folk music even some popular classic rock . rant : there's one person i've been hating every now now and then . they used to work with us before switching shifts and they have been expecting too much of us and have been adding more things to get ... seinfeld , the bob newhart show , wings , frasier , the mary tyler moore show , the dick van dyke show , i . t . crowd , blackader , macgyver , star trek : the original series , twin peaks . i know there's many ... i also work in retail and many of those ring true for me . i would like to add the following : - you hate when your co-workers constantly accusing you of not doing your job or always ' somewhere ... rave : went out for cart roundup this morning and some guy took a minute or two to thank us for what we do because we are probably not appreciated enough for all that we do to get a store all stocked ... rant : my sister has been eating my food that i have been buying with my own money and doesn't seem to care . she just sees food and assumes it's for anyone to eat . also she is the one without a job . what do other istj's feel about when a manager tells you to do something or says something that doesn't exactly seem logical / not true or seems to be abusing their power in someway . when you find and buy a fairly uniquely shaped cap that hardly anyone owns and probably the only one in my area and maybe further . you also like that quite a few people that i know or who sees me in ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FsKIBVUrROw https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DLW1JAVG81o rant : i've gotten the short end of the stick at work with two being gone , one went to days and one is out for several weeks and another but he just has one extra day off a week until the end of the ... as far as i know you can't downgrade your phones ever without like rooting / unlocking them . i went away with phones that have heavily modified os's as they tend to be sluggish and have bloatware ... last week i contacted consumer cell asking when they would release lollipop for the moto g and they told me that they have no plans on releasing it or motorola hasn't released it ' yet ' . i did ... count me in . rant : contacted steam because i tried 3-4 different ways to purchase a sale item that was ending soon at the time . i told them everything i encountered and told them i was buying it for my birthday ... i forgot about mentioning the clu .. well you know . i thought it was because of my last post you mentioned me : blushed : niss ? rant : really no more overtime ? when i was part time it was just a hassle and ate at valuable time for each consecutive days . like 15 over one day you have to compensate the next day and probably ... '