' mad man-crushing on this guy , the mildly-successful mayor of newark . he's some kind of enxx , but i suspect , as a community organizer who once talked a drug dealer out of killing him and recently ... occasionally , social networking is merely notional setworking . when i was a kid , working on puzzles or building with legos , i had a habit ( which drove my parents up a wall ) of making a loud droning noise with my mouth , kind of a sustained eee . and ... i am every one of these characteristics to a t . i was frustrated for a while with the myers-briggs , because i feel like i'm the most perfectly ambiverted person who's ever existed . a study of x91highly creativex 92 people yielded these traits : a great deal of physical energy alternating with a great need for quiet and rest . highly sexual , yet often celibate , especially when ... i just can't understand falling out of love with someone . it's never happened . i just never see my exs anymore . i see a lot of other entps , especially guys , saying stuff that sounds like they're fairly uninvolved , or even womanizing in their romantic relationships , and that they date a lot , etc . not my ... 0-5 : an inventor . 5-8 : a filmmaker . or an entomologist . 8-14 : astronaut . 14-15 : musician / poet / novelist ( puberty coinciding with parental divorce does that to you ) 15-17 : evolutionary ... haha i meant strong for an entp . it's the inferior function . hahaha well i have no se at all . i have very strong si though . i'm a democratic socialist progressive . the free market is a waste of time ; humans could be doing better things with their skills than exchanging abstract notions of capital around to ensure that ... i'll check him out . focault is the only french philosopher i've ever remotely gotten into though . and noam chomsky is the only modern philosopher period that i actually enjoy reading . haha i can get behind that . my parents like to tell me i was born 45 . i think precociousness has more to do with intelligence than temperament though ; i'm sure there are plenty of precocious isfjs , ... and our mirror opposite could be jif's . and our sensing cousin could be pets . you know you're an entp when you've been at a university for less than a year and you're already bored to death of your surroundings . you know you're an entp when the recipe calls for two eggs ... false . everyone has been young , both in the literal and mental senses of the term . i could give very specific goals , but i don't think that'd be very interesting to anyone . since i was 14 or so , however , i've kept a list of adjectives that i'd want people to think of me as , and try ... and i'm definitely staying the hell away from titillating . i was thinking about my thought process ( metathought ! ) and the things i'd like to accomplish in life , and it occurs to me that i'm possibly very concrete-oriented ; in debates or reading , i hate very ... why don't they rotate ! ? arrghgh i came here when i saw the word interesting . i leave disappointed . jess - infj nick - entp ( i say this for his wryness and frustration at his own lack of follow-through . ) schmidt - esfj winston-esfp cece - estp i was in a lot of fights in late elementary and early middle school haha . i was very sheltered and bookish , and ended up very maladjusted with my peers haha . what this guy said . science and politics can be hard to talk about if the other person isn't as into them as you are ( double physics and american history major here ) , but i have enough raconteur ... i am an uninteresting white child . i just don't revel in the fact that public school didn't challenge me . uhh , i never have any idea how to talk to women . i just be myself and treat them the same way i do guys , and occasionally they're attracted to me , but it's far too frustrating and confusing an ... how about ' uninteresting middle class white children ' ? oh , i'm aware . i'm sure your score on an aptitude test makes you every awesome movie character ever . man , i started this thread months and months ago and forgot about it ! stoked that it continued . but yeah , the longer i stay on this forum , the more annoyed i get with intjs . no one cares that ... most people ( or , at the very least , most of those around me ) are just amazingly stupid . that would seem to denote superiority . and who said anything about anger ? i ain't even mad tho . because your statements about education are silly and arrogant . don't be upset . no offense taken . i think we all enjoy a good argument here . i don't know you personally . that is to say , i don't know you . everything i say is based off of what you've written on an internet forum . and branding you as an sj wasn't my intention ; being an ... philosophy is my true vocation . i don't think you're even aware of how cliche you sound . by deciding that you don't need to exert effort in order to succeed at something you've already chosen , ... it said i was an entp , 50/50 on the i vs . e , who wants to be an entj and is attracted to enfjs . fair enough . haha you posted this 2.5 years ago , but for what it's worth , i'm with you . ugh . these are the most obnoxious , self-indulgent , puerile threads on the internet . i guarantee there's one in every single forum on this site too . i would just love to know what grand insights ... we entps are known for having wide interests , but i know we all dreamed of being super awesome things when we were small . mine , for instance : 0-6 : an inventor 6-9 : a filmmaker 9-14 : a fighter ... he took the test last night and was ecstatic with how accurately it described him . he's known since he was very small he wanted to be a lawyer , which i've read is a good profession for estjs ... who are you evaluating as which type ? because i think i agree haha . and i like the idea of an entj girl , definitely . especially if she was smart and leftist . not sure i've met one though . i tend ... would we like to aid the process by listing historical figures / famous people for each of these subtypes ? for example , i think barack obama , machiavelli , & david hume would probably be consulars , ... i will say , however , i've been accused of being arrogant or excessively critical , but i'm never blunt . if i'm disagreeing with someone , i try to outline in strenuous detail why . i pride myself on having great tact . it's the only way superlib me ever has a successful conversation with my reaganite dad . never directly disagree . i'm a university student home from break . i really hate my college , and have been really looking forward to this break , especially to hang out with friends and earn money from odd jobs . however , all ... i just posted a thing in the entp forum that no one responded to either haha . i think he's an entp . for some reason , i pictured that poster typing that post with one hand and jerking it to the portrait he had commissioned of himself as don draper riding a dragon with the other while ' eye of the ... i too , am very aware of my failures , but i've found that i can't do things well unless i trick myself into thinking i can ; i don't have the drive to attempt something unless i decide i'm going to be ... the punk rock singer / evolutionary biologist . one of my personal heroes , i was thinking that his career path and interviews comes across as someone who could be an entp ( curious , creative , socially ... entp and i have a horrible attention span , although sometimes i can concentrate very intensely on something like a book or a math problem . people have suspected bipolar in me before too . my xxfp ... carl sagan is / was my favorite human . entj works . there's a lot of emotion / romance in his work though . i may or may not have teared up a little at the end of contact . his defining functions would ... '