' what is strong , anyway ? eye of the beholder . not being a dominant jerk =/ = needing a relationship mommy as was so unfortunately suggested some posts above . nothing wrong with flying , being ... not really , but i tire of these argumentative and unnecessary attacks . unfortunately , i predicted right they would come , as i was hoping for a peaceful resolution . i will defend even * you * , but ... i am convinced infps can achieve anything . they just have to believe in it . thus * if they wanted * , they could be successful at things usually deemed weaknesses . it's just rare that they enjoy life ... there's no one single real life . every person defines what's real to them . plus they can be efficient . ( and you are infp too , and i don't believe your own comments apply to you . ) all types can ... often , it's not wrong to be angry at injustice , or when you need to stand up for yourself . no one should talk down to us , or treat us like garbage because of biased or whatnot-i prefer not to ever ... i mean no offense , but you seem to fail to understand the gist of individuality . everybody is a special snowflake ( and thus , using the term as a pejorative gets old fast . ) individualists are not ... i love romance-just feel that as seen on tv ( or romantic movies ) doesn't apply to many of us . don't mind big as long as it's heartfelt and meaningful . i disagree big must be inauthentic . big ... i feel awesome being myself ! many infps are bombarded with ideas like : this is how a man / woman ought to be , what he / she should achieve by this or that date , what his / her priorities should be . such ... i am feeling music . unfortunately , i can't share with any of you how it feels , as it's so individual and hard to put into words . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lzIbT4JG6Ig&feature=youtu.be had to mention , you can work and improve on being less shy . i bet i was more shy than you are when i was your age . but you need not worry about becoming more extroverted , as it has no necessary ... you don't need to get more extroverted . do we ask cats to bark ? confidence is good-it should be based on reality , though , and is not truly tied to arrogance . playing the cool and collected dude ... well , from your statement , i can tell your misjudging them , because you are not at all like them , and wouldn't be needy as they are . then again , i may be misjudging you . i despise when people ... i feel sorry for this situation . i have been shut out once because of a misunderstanding , but it wasn't a romantic interest , and wasn't an infj-was an infp ( not a member of this forum , that i know ... i would have told you to let go and not write the above ( too late-my apologies ) . guess i am infp , and have a different perspective . i would start seeing her as a good friend only , and feel free of ... lps were an amazing technology which should have never died . was it inconvenient for personal space ? likely , but generally , the musical sound was amazing . ( it is not dead , per se , but may as well be , ... fragrances ( niche or otherwise ) , but it's a relatively ' affordable luxury vs quality , unique clothing , which although also something i like , i very rarely splurge on . nothing inherently wrong ... i am 100 % sure most clinginess assumed from infp friends and / or partners is assumed , rather than real , as many people aren't ready to truly understand where the infp is coming from . while there can ... sometimes romantic people believe that if you forget your true loves , they were never real or meaningful . i have learned that all true love was and remains meaningful , even if you totally erase the ... it's hard to judge personality type based on music / onstage persona / other things . unless they reveal it sometime , or are very obvious examples . there are many infps into metal , so assume there ... only they know , but i know there's way worse , and they hardly get reprimanded . many other good people have been banned throughout my history here-this young man seemed like a great guy too . it's worse when nice people get banned , and they let jerks with horrible character run amok , even after reporting them . trolling without impunity . probably why i've stuck to the infp sub-forum from ... never have i been married ( older than many of you , but still happy . ) this is precisely what many infps with problems should contemplate-ignore the dating scene , and date on their own terms , following their individual values , rather than binge-dating ( derived ... yes , infps are not related to so-called nice-guy syndrome , as seen on tv ( and books / material not really aimed for them as the customer base . ) second , it's painful when i've seen good people ... apalled at many humans ' lack of sensitivity and tolerance-some would rather mock , troll , and / or enjoy conflict rather than take responsibility for their actions , or lack thereof . best wishes to ... you jerk , i am sorry you are not being properly moderated . go mock people elsewhere . i get it , it's the internet , so it's ok to troll left and right without addressing the issues . facepalming is such a deep and detailed response . how so ? explain in detail and rationally . you must be trolling us at this point . i understand you are more invested in this , but to be fair , even though i hate some of society's rules , i just ignore them and live by my own code ( which in this case has nothing to do with going ... if it was merely the internet , i wouldn't care or post . at least your previous comment about your infp male experiences can be safely ignored , since it's just the internet . maybe even made ... no need for rudeness . i did read-doesn't sound good , as all that i should have been followed with a statement similar to : i am sure many infps aren't like that , though . it certainly doesn't ... must have had incredibly bad luck , because infps are not anything like this , generally speaking . read the thread for more information . would recommend to avoid judging future infps you meet based on ... 1 . unique 2 . tolerant 3 . genuinely kind / caring , but 4 . wary of people 5 . introverted 6 . immensely emotional and sensitive ( i don't ascribe negative associations to these terms as many do , ... nothing wrong in showing your emotional side , if it's genuine . not showing it is worse . anyone who doesn't like you being sweeter / more sensitive / more emotional than her is not meant for ... worth mentioning that is probably not on your best interests to pursue someone that supposedly likes jerks ( if these exist ) . wait for people that will like you for who you are , rather than becoming ... no one should care as a ) relationships aren't a race or even competition ( really mean it ) and b ) whining about lack of success at whatever is not necessarily tied to being nice ( in fact , i've known of ... seems like you are happily married , and just wanted to congratulate you on your evident contentment . keep following your dreams , and best wishes for you and your loved ones . though i know where you are coming from , i disagree simply because some individuals do not want this difference dynamic you mention . it is really a fact , imo , that opposite attracts is a ... it's stull highly annoying-what's wrong with infps as lovers ? is it ignorant bias , traditional views , or what ? i say this not for my sake , as i laugh at these notions , but i hate the unfairness ... i wouldn't , but i am not polyamorous , and have a strict sense of loyalty and fairness to all parties . same reason why i find playing others distasteful , and i wouldn't even date more than a person ... i understand your logic , but if the tendencies are inherently wrong , i should not feel forced to play alongside them . i don't ask others to change who they are so i can like them more . being ... girls don't exist-individuals do . no need to sacrifice your inherent softness , if it's part of who you are . we are worthy enough to be loved on our own merits , rather than those of other ... reading the first page of this thread , for the which i was around some years ago , makes me a bit disgusted at the i like them as brothers / friends comments , because it implies they are somehow ... i so happy you are married to the right person-it's trally more than type . that said , i entirely agree with the quoted paragraph . i hate with fiery passion when someone implies that i need to be ... my previous message got lost in the subway ( not sandwich store . ) in short , you are all fine as infps , and have nothing to worry about , much less hate about your perfectly lovely selves ( even the ... it's right . i am quiet because i am-not due to fear , nor are masks strictly necessarily ( i despise them myself . ) sometimes i know ( assume ) most people aren't interested in my world , and generally speaking , ... these sort of tests , even if just for fun , always match me with infp without exception . so much for the opposites attract , theory , which i am convinced does not apply to all . i am older than many , though am not here all the time . i like how many infps can relate to each other despite their obvious generational differences , on top of each being an unique person . in fact i ... '