' i find such illnesses neat to look at , yet , i fail to see why an i would more then likely have it then an e . men and women are not created equal , it's just an obvious fact . you'll always find someone who is better then you , and worse then you . but who cares ? learn from them , and i hardly ever compare ... just go for it . stop thinking . heh , last intp girl i was with , she threw no obvious signs as the usual e / infp's i date . we were watching sweeney todd , after a bit of drinking . made a move . ... my idea is a retractable / expandable device . it's three foot in length ( a bar , metal or plastic ) , and has a handle at the end . on the other end extends a cloth that is upheld by various metal wires ... lets all be happy . i've got pancakes . i'm assuming your boyfriend is full aware of such manipulation , and willingly abides to it . puppy dog eyes .. from the girlfriend can be enduring if used correctly . that's playful manipulation i ... i'm deciding if i should pour myself another soda . wondering if i should get up to grab my smokes . waiting for spartacus : sand & blood to finish downloading . i'm a bit tired , so i get real ... in the last year , i have made it a goal to be more ' outgoing ' and meet people . despite this being successful on many levels , most of the people i know are merely acquaintances , and don't truly ... immortality , ageless . silly , apathetic , curious . i have a very addictive personality , something i'm not fond of , but i'm well aware of now , i constantly keep myself in check . my first realization was when i had a mishap with an illegal substance ... i was actually a bit distraught after realizing i was a type 7 . you know something , i've been busy attempting to interpret such dreams , but i often find it difficult , due to the fact i have a fascination with demon lore . you do have a valid point however . i am ... my dreams are a bit odd . most dreams i recall are dreams of demons , devils , and spirits . i do a lot of research on such things on my own time , however , and yes i'd consider these nightmares . i ... sex is fantastic with a beautiful female who is a bit submissive and open minded . whips , canes , bondage , bruises , knifes , all tools of the trade . if they aren't kinky , i suppose it's okay ( then ... saboteur , i like you rational in regards to socializing . i've tried to explain the exact same thing to an enfp girlfriend i had , and she was totally spellbounded and shocked , as she stated , i've ... this mainly focuses on being an introvert , yet to possibly see more similarities , i'm merely sticking with the intp's . when people hear introvert it usually means to them shy which is somewhat ... i'm a huge flirt , with my lady friends , and lovers . i suppose it's because of my type 7 sx / sp thing going on ( if we wished to make an excuse as such ) . my current girl is an intp , and a very cliche ... i would venture to say intx . sounds as if you found yourself a decent guy . it was ' pretty ' and graphically .. the attention to detail and ' world building ' was nice . million dollar hotel , disco pigs , the secretary . a select few good movies were it doesn't happen as much . avatar was horrible . it was highly predictable , and the plot alone is cliche and over ... often find that females tend to find value in themselves not only in physical appearance , but social status . it's somewhat irksome , but i often find that females tend to have pictures of a group ... mm , well thanks everyone . http://pics.livejournal.com/byronic_sisyphe/pic/000262f6.jpghttp://pics.livejournal.com/byronic_sisyphe/pic/00027y1g.jpghttp://pics.livejournal.com/byronic_sisyphe/pic/00028qcr.jpghttp://pics.livejour ... i enjoy lurking , in fact it's probably what i spend most of my time on the internet doing . i'll stalk people , forums , and blogs . it's some sort of fetish i simply can't control . anyways , i lurk these ... '