' mine is throughthelookingglass , password is a variation of ' i can see it all . ' i just went in to buy food , and bought a lot of water i didn't need , but no food . got an hour down the road before i realized why i felt hungry . a couple days ago i released the wrong parking ... you're scientists were so preoccupied with whether or not they could , they never stopped to think if they should . i can turn invisible , but only when no one's looking at me . never ceases to amaze me how long it takes for it to sink in that , no , you're not just slowing down a bit for an exit . you'd think they'd just go at 60 , maybe 55 if they're really patient . for the most part . my co-driver doesn't want to run as hard as i do , and weekend dispatch is retarded , so i'm getting a little fucked though . most miles we've done in a week was like 6k and some ... you're in the wrong sub to be worrying about looking sane , homie . also , reply with quote may be helpful . there's only one real candidate in my eyes : https://limberbutt.com/ meow is the time . kind of shitty . it seems a lot of people like anal . never understood that . i prefer da pussy , they look better , taste better , and don't stink when you penetrate them . yes , this is really the new thread . when i was sixteen a girl handed me a slip of paper with her number on it . i stared at it for a few minutes and handed it back . eight years later , i'm still single and probably will be my whole life . where's yes , but i didn't want to / regret it ? i did that one . what do you do about internet ? i hear the verizon plan sucks , and the at & t one is expensive as shit . do you have internet on the road , or do you use the truck stop wifi ? you otr ? i just got my permit . i shower ever other day , and every work day before i leave the house . you want dark ? ! fine ! i would stab the coca-cola polar bear in the throat and use its blood to drown a litter of kittens ! meme recycling ? ok . achtung ! alles turisten und nonteknischen lookenpeepers ! das komputermaschine ist nicht für der gefingerpoken und mittengraben ! oderwise ist easy to schnappen ... everyone at ea , ign , ubisoft , and activision . https://youtu.be/Bifmj1O3D24?t=43 all tasks at hand have been cleared . this thread has been dead for over three years . stop , just ... stop . so , i'm a month into an impossible project . my friend and i wanted to trade engines . trade my heavy-ass v - 6 for a lightweight , high-revving , and awesomely torquey inline 4 ? hell yeah ! they're in the ... it seems to me like an anime thing more than type . i'm all about them . a comprehensive answer was required for a nobel prize only . you did not specify the desired comprehensiveness of the requested answer . i would like to note that an answer can be anything , and doesn't have to be correct or even relevant to count as an answer , thus anyone with fingers could answer this question . / logic'd they can be cool when they aren't bitching at me for doing something that society says you shouldn't or when i forget their birthday . incidentally , one of your kind thinks that i'm a psychopath , but ... i can be pretty biased when i talk to someone about a subject that i put research into when i didn't want or care to . i obviously didn't care the first time , and i have better shit to do now , so i'm ... c . c . and rakshata from code geass . how many lines did you snort ? turning one addiction into another doesn't change the fact that we have a problem . i would . 22 years and still not even started . all i can say is that i hate it , but it seems to be worth it . i've made a lot of personal progress . i love doing my job , but the other 90 % of this bullshit makes me want to slit my own throat . i ... every intp is mistyped . my head hates humanity without me having to concentrate on it at all . my favorite conversations always seem to escalate . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mk7VWcuVOf0 i do this level of beard when my work allows me to . unfortunately , i have to give my moustache a month's head start or it just looks weird .  ... or maybe a miata ? losing the ability to think properly . ( i . e . alzheimers ) coming to the realization that all of my hard work and struggling to make it through life was wasted effort , and that my goals have no meaning ... i used to be outdoors-y , but i watched a bit of tv . it was mostly cartoons and anime , but i liked science and history shows , too . i remember my dad grounding me and putting the cable on the history ... http://i1293.photobucket.com/albums/b598/seanph1/Untitled_zps13c56c4e.jpg fuck that , i've put too much effort into learning to live as an intp , why would i want to be something else and have to rethink my life ? you just wrote a thesis , so what's the method of experimentation ? what are the variables ? will there be a control group ? a logician . i hate math classes . the only way i can do math is when i'm actually finding an answer that i need . x + y / blue =p urple ? what ? how am i supposed to interpret this stupid , meaningless , jumbled mass of ... and some of us see the dark side of humanity because we find out that stoners and such types tend to hang out in small groups , or that one goth person no one talks to knows a lot of random science ... you ate all of his powers ! ? shame on you ! you'd have money , spend some of it on food . that's impossible . also , here : http://1-media-cdn.foolz.us/ffuuka/board/tg/image/1341/25/1341254928726.jpg '