' y'all interesting to watch series 0 , thanks for the explanation . you've helped a lot . oh , where did i say this ? eheheh .. honestly , because of the correlations with attractiveness and success . it's a sort of ... thank you for this analysis . i think you're right--i've always typed as a 4 rather than an a 3 , but i just related strongly to my 3 aspect as well . as you explained , it's probably because both ... sorry , i know there are a lot of these kinds of threads , but i've genuinely looked through all the different threads and still have had difficulty pinpointing where i am . so , a bit about me : ... go for it ? if you're truly an intj you'll probably believe that anyone who has a problem with you being gay isn't worth your time . dead (: addictivemuse congrats hehehe oh , i mean , i'm curious about what people would say about me . i'd feel weird tagging ' em . yeah enfp . i think you were considering entp at some time ? sporadic aura , i can't remember where we talked , but your name is familiar and i've seen you around the forums . grr . oh ? i didn't realize you had studied me and my behavior so much . how fascinating ! you're not an intj . : laughing : what did you want my opinion on ? no . i don't . you just fail to understand enfp cognition . on second thought , the writing-style is a little se . so , esfp could be something to consider . yes . <3 this doesn't quite match up with my experience as a fellow xxfp . i tend to love xxtjs simply because they're often able to provide me with the te that i need ; organization , competency , distinct ... bumping once more ! just bumping for noticeability ... . see , you say believe types can change , but it seems you can't spell the word ' believe ' . how can i trust your opinions ? ? ? edit : damnit , stunnedfox beat me to it i attend uc berkeley and i just wanted to see if there were any other people that stalk the forums that also go there ( or somewhere close-by ) . i want to make a group that talks about ... could you highlight her examples ? you're not being all that specific . this is all rather assumptive of you and my typing skills . it is , quite honestly , out of line and offensive . either way , its seems you're only looking at one indicator , which i don't think makes ... have you ever met a male esfp ? either way , what do you suggest ? if you're the one who voted entj , can actually see that . all . this set of information isn't really all that helpful . what the fuck ? the others are wrong . you strike me as an esfp . i thought you were rather funny and blunt , with a sort of intensity i would expect from a gamma . i'd say you feel like a gamma type . intj who's mistyped themselves as an istp , likely because of aspirational se . touché . yes ! i was getting dual vibes , as i read . easily an ixtj , but it felt almost too matter-of-fact to be ni ; there wasn't an of the ni quirkiness . glad to know we're on the same page here . saw you ... hun , you're an enfp . past analyses are only confusing ; we only remember the past as we remember it . it's hard to explain , but her frame of thinking . she's hard to type for some reason . yeah , i can see that . he's some weird istj / intj hybrid . spoilersgdi i ran out of them . do you know where i could buy some more . fair enough . i mean , at some level , i think the only way to get a decent understanding is to take what the system is and really try to build something that gets at the root understandings that the ... are you saying thats the reason why my typings are unpopular ? i mean , yes . you have to probe their minds and see what they do and why they do it . also how they communicate and interact with others ... lol u funny my typings : scar from lion king : isfp ben wyatt from parks & recreation : enfp cersei lannister from game of thrones : isfp i might have more , but let's talk about these . oooh . you're off . alisha : i also want to be an esfp , but she's not . some sort of extraverted fe user . honestly , esfj would be my best guess . nathan : estp ; fi polr is obvious simon : istj ... the bolded sounded so te . you must be rather well-developed , then . thanks ! it's not particularly that . i feel as if i make fine decisions . i just insert myself when people that i care about are fighting . do you not do that ? it just feels like an fi + / ne sort of thing . there are many times where i find myself in the middle of an argument or a fight . i put myself there and i don't know why i do so . do you guys have any reasoning for this ? i imagine this a problem ... to be honest , i can see that . i might be confusing cognitive traits that i should be associated with delta rather than just ne-fi . i can understand that . in my case , i'm certain i'm an enfp , ... thats more introverted feeling than it is introversion in general . extraversion is a general disposition that works in congruence with outside , external factors . mind you , enfps are the most ... i understand myself intimately ; i know what it means to be an enfp , thus , i know what to look for . that's how i'm typing , if that makes sense . she has well-developed thinking , but does it come off ... heh , heh . do you want me to type you ? do you have type me threads up ? that sounds about right , actually . and true . it's just i'm more inclined to see someone as similar to me than as different . the burdens of te + , i'm afraid . but yeah , i'm adamant about enfp for ... are they ? and how would you know this ? this girl just screams it . you sound like a very healthy enfp , xforgottenone . i could relate to a lot of the things you said , albeit , a good amount of it was behavioral . i think the others have misled you . look at this ... i mean , yes lots of ne and fi . initial gut was enfp ; just wanted to keep options open is all ! who knows ! could just be a very well developed istj . hehe . i wasn't even trying to be . but i can't help a natural bias . <3 explain more on loras ! don't doubt yourself , bby . you know who you are all along . : kitteh : ayumifey , absolutely ! look more into socionics : type descriptions , quadra descriptions , reinin dichotomies and model b . iee , eii , sli , lse . those are all of the delta types . i've found socionics to ... '