' this is my bald eagle . his name is sam . http://i62.tinypic.com/ae1dsi.jpg this is my dragon . his name is aiko . http://i60.tinypic.com/2ilzrkn.jpg and this is aiko's best ' intj face ' . build your own dreams , or someone else will hire you to build theirs - farrah gray i have the house to myself for hours . hair tied back , track pants on , music volume up , copious amounts of tea at the ready and best of all , nobody to pester me . ahh , it's the simple things . i was in this exact position over my prom , or as we call it , debs . i'm an introvert too and have little time for these outdated ' debutante balls ' . ( so outdated in fact , that google chrome does not ... brother : intp , e5w6 . ( tested ) mum : istp , e5w6 . ( tested ) father : unfortunately , my father died and i never got the chance to accurately type him , however , i suspect he was also an intj , or ... name : alexandra astrological sign : scorpio personality type : intj ( e6w5 ) age : 22 i'm not into astrology but i've read a few scorpio descriptions and they seem to be accurate , but then again , ... it appears that i have been summoned , to participate in a game . 109554 i personally would never use the term robotic to describe myself , it sounds hilariously stupid . i am human before i am intj and no amount of willing away my humanity would ever change that . i ... walls : made entirely of mirrored , one way , privacy glass . i need to be able to see out whilst allowing light in but it is imperative that nobody else can see in . floors : made out of sponge , ... apathy and a lack of curiosity . woah , blast from the past with this thread :P as others have said already , it's pretty simple , he likes you . so get in on that intj goodness gurrrl , cause us intj's have a steady and constant stream ... pleased to meet you too :) we need more females around these parts . if you need any help with anything on the board , feel free to shoot me a pm :) ooooh , lookie here , we've bagged ourselves another lady intj . join us on our quest for world domination , mirjam . :) thank you , sir . : tongue : timeless can you please change mine to praxidike . merci beaucoup :) ( posting again because page 105 appears to have been accidentally skipped ) 1 . if a girl sleeps with you on the first date / a guy tries to sleep with you on a first date , for instance , do you put him / her in a not girlfriend material / sleazy box or lose interest in him / her ? ... could you please change my name to praxidike . thank you . when you have just realised , that there is a general chat sub-forum on personality café and people actually use it . who knew . don't judge all intjs , some of us are actually quite proud of the fact that we are neither assholes nor psychopaths . unfortunately , it has been somewhat of a trend around here , to claim that a person ... i have successfully completed both undergraduate and postgraduate degrees in law . i'm currently contemplating further education , given the current state of the jobs market . i very rarely drop a close friend because i don't allow people to become close friends , unless i'm fairly sure that i can trust them . disloyalty , dishonesty and disrespect are the primary reasons as ... ... people look at you funny , when you tell them you intend to spend your day in the library and much to their surprise , you're actually happy about it . corporate law , which i fully intend to practice after college . tá gaeilge ( beagnach ) líofa agam , so irish and some french . i also have a few random , little phrases in spanish , italian , german etc . which i refer to as a wee bit of everything :P agus sin é ! haha , seemingly you should add , smoke less weed , to the list of improvement points : s 69 ... giggity company law ii constitutional law ii european law ii tort law essay ii accounting business finance management of organisational change we can't choose our subjects separately . my degree is ... estj , entj , intj . two of me in one relationship would just be far too much for anyone to handle . also estj / entj tend to also want to be very dominant and in control in relationships , i reckon it ... oooh i have loads :) where to start ... - when they love you , they love you with every fiber of their being . - they genuinely wish the best for others . - they aren't judgemental . - they live in ... i've got a dog , and 4 cats at the moment . i will always have at least one dog . i've also previously had a hamster . i don't think i could survive without at least one animal in the house , so yes they ... sometimes ... if i barely know the person and they're crying at me , moaning and just being overly emotional i'll try harder to avoid them . if it's someone who means a lot to me and they are visibly ... - 19 - female - 3-5 ( i have chronic insomnia ) i use facebook everyday too as i find it's a cheap and efficient way of keeping in touch with friends . i have a dear friend living in trinidad who i wouldn't get to speak to if i didn't have ... nah not at all . especially considering i'm not like most of the other intj's on here . i have a life outside mbti that has remained unchanged by the discovery of my personality type . i find it ... people of any type who think that nobody else should be allowed to post in ' their forum ' . also , people who take the forum too seriously . ... your ' lazy day ' quickly turns to a ' lazy long weekend ' and then a ' lazy week ' and all you've managed to accomplish is some online trophies in blackops and call of duty . age discovered : 18 age currently : 19 type : intj ... although i'm not your typical intj . you answer the phone reluctantly and respond to the other person's questions by nodding and shrugging . thanks . thinking about getting it as a tattoo but it will need to be hidden . don't fancy my chances as a tattooed lawyer :P 1 - yes , i do have girlfriends . 2 - i have a few best friends and many acquaintances i suppose . 3 - i have no intj friends ... thankfully , one of me is enough . my best friend is an infp who i love ... thank you . it has gone beyond a joke . it's like a little playground around here with the little cliques and bitchiness . really mature behaviour by some :/ ahhh what the fuck ... why do some people on here feel the need to comment on someone elses post with random irrelevant shit that is just rude and not funny . no surprise half the people on here want ... my father died a couple of years ago shortly followed by my grandad two months later . my mum three months after that was given a few weeks to live ( thankfully it was a mistake and she is fully ... yeah i love the outdoors ! i love playing any type of sport or just going for a walk or a cycle around the village . i always go for walks in the rain cause it chills me out . i love going to the beach ... you guys are so fucking cute : crazy : i want me some infp lovin ' i feel like the me i portray to the outside world is an intj but inside me there's an infp trying to get out . i completely agree ... that's exactly how i act when i get jealous , and i would never admit it , so yeah to me it sounds like he is jealous of the relationship you have with your friend . oh and i study out loud too , anyone else do that ? yes but only when i know nobody else is around ... i can't have people infiltrating my mind . that's techincally cheating ... you are god and are omniscient . cén chaoi ina bhfuil sibh ? tá an thread seo an suimuil , chomhgairdeachais dexter . agus is breá liom cáis : crazy : '