' arion is a spin on orion , the hunter constellation . i never really gave it much thought , but i would probably change it now if i could to make it latin , maybe something like incendia e ( the fire ... right now ? mozart's fantasia . most of the time i'm in a pathetique sonata mov . 1 mood when i'm passionate on pursuing something , and an adelaide ( 1795 , beethoven ) mood when i'm longing for ... red dragon ... still 3 more chapters ' till they introduce hannibal lecter ... blast . :d ry : this is beautiful ( in german , but jussi is swedish ): http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ajdbVlTkiAE music composed by ludwig van beethoven 1795 , written by friedrich von matthisson . jussi ... pantalaimon - i'm in . most of you seem to hate / have hated the junior / senior high school social environment , but luckily many children in my school seem to be ns , thus ' fitting in ' does not pose a ... kind of curious about your username wien 1938 ... wasn't austria invaded in 1938 ( plus the vienna reference ) ? lol seraphiel . i haven't read nature by emerson , but now that i look him up it seems an interesting read . i swear , this is the funniest thing i have ever read . everyone i know with a decent sense of humour has laughed . http://philosophy.eserver.org/chicken.txt i dare you . keep a straight face as ... ... entp on a sugar rush ? or are you guys normally like that ? :p roud : well , sort of . i admire the wolf's ability to be adaptable , but about 80 % of my inclination to my avatar was due to the ... what is it about cats that draws us ... their mysterious allure ? the independent air about them ? not minding being ignored as master does their multivariable calculus assignment ? :p roud : what do you ... well , i'll tell you guys how my life is progressing . i currently have a thing for mozart's requiem - i listen to confutatis almost every day . my brother calls me a morbid child , unsurprisingly , ... what do you think his type is ? thanks for the link . yes , i knew that he had stood on the entrance of auschwitz , pointing and declaring , left , left , left , right , left ... left was the gas chambers . apparently the angel of ... hm . no , not that the e or i could have proven relevant to anything in the modern day ... it seems that the historical figures which so intrigue me are either my or remarkably close to my type . the ... does anyone have an idea ? there are people in history who deeply intrigue me , and mengele certainly is a mystery . i get a xntx impression . also : albert speer is an intp , no ? i'm an identical twin , and though genetically we are exact copies of each other , we are not so in a psychological sense . of course , we have many similarities . but in contrast , my twin seems to be ... i put seven , though as i look it over it could have been anywhere in the 7-9 range . generally , life for me is simple and non-problematic . when i do stumble over something , usually i mean so ... regarding pride and prejudice : mr . darcy is simply awesome . i do respect the character elizabeth bennett though , for her strong opinions and refusing to go by society's rules simply because of ... i'm sorry , i did mean 2,000 pages . excuse my error ... a simple sentence to describe the whole twilight series : what a waste of two thousand words . spare me from this torture . however , i am curious to know if anyone thinks carlisle is the only ... thanks perseus 3 usually , if asked something . 4 if i'm with people i trust or the subject is way too interesting for me to be on the sidelines - then i will probably explode into lecture , and people just watch me ... all that was given to me word for word is hamilton hated dueling , ... however , can we conclude from that that maybe hamilton did not find it a logical action to solve relations ? i do not know ... i read in history class that hamilton was killed in a duel . i now hate aaron burr with a passion ... okay , that's illogical , but hamilton didn't even want to shoot at burr and he was murdered ... [ originally posted in the general what's my type ? forum , found this more suiting ] 1 . alexander hamilton ( interesting figure ) 2 . ludwig van beethoven ( mozart was a bit annoying . i much ... 1 . alexander hamilton ( interesting figure ) 2 . ludwig van beethoven ( mozart was a bit annoying . i much prefer beethoven and can relate to him more . ) 3 . herbert von karajan ( a simply amazing ... generally ? i like to discover things on my own . the classroom is a typically a limited learning environment - directed at the general student body . thus , the assignment , directed at the average ... i always had a lot of s tendencies - i took another mbti test today , and came out 50/50 with n and s . for the sake of being an intj , let's see if we can settle this . :p roud : - i love astronomy ... i would appreciate that very much if you could . i'll have to do more research on the wings since i'm a bit undecided on that . hm . i'll ask . i see . i do suppose i'm a type 5 then . is an ennegram wing sort of your second function ? thanks , i'll make note of them . 1 . can you explain the differences between an enneagram 5 and a 1 ? i fit both , but i am leaning more towards five . 2 . what is an enneagram wing ? thanks . i'm new to the enneagram . it's different there i guess . the girls at my school fuss over the same stupid things , but they know never to bring up the subject because apparently i already give them the first impression that if ... i love music . i'm learning to play piano , and i can pretty much memorize whole movements of symphonies in my head . i mainly stick with beethoven , bach and chopin , but a bit of mozart and satie is ... arratez , you're definitely not alone . and those two ignorant kids said the earth was made 200 years ago ? i have a sudden desire to yell in their faces with objection . ohh ... that irritates me ... there's a good friend of mine who i'm pretty sure is a j . okay , he has always been getting bounced back from regular to advanced classes back to regular again . this year he's in advanced in math ... i don't like math . useful , yes ... fascinating , hardly . science and history are more like it . i like language arts solely for the creative writing . the grammar is boring though my grammar is ... welcome gladiatorqueen ... give me a moment so i can think of something worthwhile to say . hmm . oh . well it is refreshing you like mythbusters . do you ever watch those astronomy showings on ... obsessions . they've been piling on my bookshelf for years ... examples : 1 . the holocaust 2 . frank sinatra , bobby darin ( two rs or one r ? ) 3 . sci - fi / star trek ( recently acquired obsession ... hah ) ... thanks for the posts . 1 . the people seem very friendly 2 . their country is beautiful 3 . my interest in the holocaust 4 . the language in very nice sounding 5 . i'm up for a challenge ... thanks guys - that is established ... polish is slavic . it sounds nothing like the east slavs though that tend to use the cyrillic alphabet . russian doesn't flow nearly as well as polish . definitely ... well , i like studying languages . right now i have a lot on my plate - spanish and german . but after i'm done studying these , can anyone tell me about polish ? it sounds like an awesome language ... thank you guys for all your takes on those ... dark times . fortunately , i have another 5 years to go till i graduate high school ... see where that takes me ... : mellow : yeah , my brother has asperger's and is exactly as described - a sensitive intp . however , i think he would be just the same without asperger's ... of course , that's not very accurate , since i've known ... harry potter and the goblet of fire by j . k . rowling heh , cold shower type . my bro loves cold showers ( literal sense ) . i never see him as cold ... but i may be biased : laughing : . hmm . i have a lot of j characteristics , but unfortunately i am quite a procrastinator . that is , unless i get to do a project i ; m really interested in . but math ... eh , not so much ... i , too , regard being social as alien to me . however , unlike some people , i have no problem with that . if kids tease me it's behind my back because they can't say anything to the physically disabled - ... '