when i am with my family and everything is calm . this isn't about friendship , its about alliance . this is me http://a3.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-ash4/216873_2212671512063_1105775919_32635009_1312122_n.jpg i second this , my first impression was that he likes you a bit , but just likes the fact that diana gives him so much attention and doesn't really know how to deal with her ( or whether or not he wants ... i was ( coughamcough ) convinced i had learned very minor clairvoyance , i could guess very accurately what side a coin was going to land on given that i could see it while it was spun . apparently i ... not necessarily , i know an intp who's not flexible in the slightest . every statement becomes an argument with him , it passes through the set of truths he has gathered about the world and then gets ... i think i need to earn more experience points before i can be as deep as some of you guys . is that mischief though ? dictionary.com defines it as : conduct or activity that playfully causes petty annoyance . under that definition , i would say enfps . i'm really short , so i try to find shoes with low separated heels and lots of grips on the bottom that way i can take long strides . my friends are an estj , entj , intj , and an esfj . i love them all to death , but lately i've been feeling really ... boxed in by them . i've been friends with nfs before , it was great while it lasted , ... my parents are fairly laissez-faire so i don't really have many issues with them . but my infj dad still calls me by a nickname and i don't have the heart to tell him to stop . i tried to ... the majority of the time when people tell me i'm smart it's because they're either trying to ostracize me or feel better about themselves by creating a distinction between us . yes . 1 ) early childhood 2 ) vague unease 3 ) contentment 4 ) unease 5 ) depression 6 ) contentment 7 ) vague unease , maybe i'm not imagining it after all androgynous people http://3.bp.blogspot.com/_ZCM5cADGYMc/SwwgYI1wT1I/AAAws/DHHFtBB0nxA/s400/Androgyne_large_portrait.jpg ... in my personal experience , intjs seem complex until you figure out how they work . but that might not mean that you'r not complex , just not overly perplexing to the individual you're relating to ... i read about this , that men's brains are evolutionarily hardwired to objectify women , whereas women are hardwired to seek intimacy and relationships . that would put traditional porn - the statistic ... i have the opposite problem , i won't use people's names with them until they've properly introduced themselves . if they know i should know their name this just annoys the piss out of some people . ... usually , i want to go into neuroscience , but i suppose my dream job would be a klezmorim or to write movie scores . i paint and sculpt , i've actually made a good deal of money for some things when i was younger , i would write and draw children's stories and kept an ' inventions journal ' but it was mostly ... yeah , i used to do the same thing in junior high , i would actually imagine a wall to hold back the tide of my emotions , before that i had a reputation for being overly sensitive . some people can ... when i feel an emotion , it's as if it bypasses my conscious mind and goes to a inbox above my left shoulder . i get a little ping and realize i have to empty my emotions box through meditation or ... don't worry , i doubt she will be creeped out if you still like her by summer :) : blushed : i need to read the whole thread before posting ... if you're into manga , read uzumaki , the art is sublime . hey , i have the same thing ! 7 is a wimp , but it was 6 who would bully him . numbers also have colors for me . when i was really young ( 9 or less ) i heard on the radio , people rallying for gay marriage equality and i thought to myself , ( i didn't realize that people don't necessarily get married at the time ) ... yes , yes we should thanks , i'll look them up ! i have to go download itunes now ... what should i do to get the intj to take what i have to say seriously ? even if its not work related , they just don't care . it took longer maybe , mostly i just feel inconsequential . intj's what ever anyone else says has no meaning until it blows up in their faces . and the worst part is it usually doesn't blow up , it just could have been slightly better had they listened to the ... so i was scheduled to go watch star trek with an intj ( yes stereotypical i know ) but i started working on a composition assignment for my music class and lost all sense of time . the calculous ... intp's can blend in better than intj's but they seem more like aliens on the inside . i second this , i was reading a magazine article that said that the ( i can't actually remember the parts of the brain , ) but when making a quick decision the rational part of the brain over powers the ... well , my parents are infj and esfp , i get along with them fairly well and they credit that towards having learned to effectively tune me out at times ... i was watching home videos a while ago , ... yeah , i have no interest in medical school , but i seem to have come across the same thing . oh my god , that's nightmare material right there . i get what you mean , i do the same thing by basically creating these elaborate plans to avoid p pitfalls . for example , i might set out enough cloths / food to last the week on sunday if i know i won't ... arched bridges , i actually have nightmares about my car getting to the top then slipping back down ; high speeds . not an infp , but i hope you guys don't mind if i join in :) . http://fc05.deviantart.net/fs71/i/2011/189/3/c/glance_by_vintageseatcushions-d3lejzy.jpg ... 47 , it reminds me of family , and it has nice colors . about a month ago , i was laying in bed when i had an idea for a painting , so i ... painted it . i didn't get any sleep that night but it was worth it . i love dissections , but then again i have no sense of smell ... yeah , i would want to do research , cognative and behavioral namely , but neurophilosophy seems awesome if i can manage it . anyone who has ever been in , is in , or knows anything about college , is neuroscience a bad major for an undergrad ? i want to major in neuroscience , i like that it's really interdisiplinary , but ... when i experience emotion i can't identify , paint how i feel , then see what i get a picture of . one had me really stumped for a while , it was this face being consumed by a vortex . anyway , it turned ... she's right , just because i have never met them doesn't mean i haven't seen them at the comic book store . i was fencing , and in a fit of ne i whipped ass . it was surreal , i have no hand eye coordination and all of a sudden it all just clicked . http://www.popularmechanics.com/cm/popularmechanics/images/ib/aptera-8-doors-up.jpg oh man , no in real life i drive my mom's ... howdie :P , yeah , i want others to find joy in my idiosyncrasies too .