' my birthday is on the 3rd of july . sun sign cancer , moon sign capricorn and rising sign leo early 90 ' s :D thank you for your response ! :) the other alternative was esfp , and well , i don't really see him being one . i'm having a hard time defining my bf's type , he fits well the description of esfj but the thing that bugs me is that esfjs are often described as organized people , and well , my bf isn't really what ... what makes you guys fully fulfilled and happy in a relationship ? what do you expect from your significant other ? sorry , i tend to take anything personally and blow up immediately ( damn 468 ) . when i'm sober , if i meet someone i really like and can consider a relationship with , i'll take my time , make sure ... what is your mbti type ? infj what would you consider your deepest rooted fear ? growing old , failing at something important for me , being abandoned , not being true to myself , being humiliated , ... it is true for me too . i have a very good clear-sightedness concerning others , i generally give good advice , but when it's for myself ... that's an other story ! i'll definitely start a journal . i ... yes , i suspect that stress is at the origin of my problem . but the weird thing is , i've got no reason to be stressed right now . maybe it is some kind of social anxiety ? i'm gonna have to look more in ... thank you ! her and the trishas are the best ;) wow , judgemental much ? did i even define in which amount of time ? no , because that's not the point of this thread . i am a single woman , who ... that make sense . with some people , i'm totally blocked , i have nothing to say when we are all together , so i become nervous and i drink more . but i share a lot with my friends , the same things i'll ... it is one of my most important issues lately . i can be super quiet at times , but when i start talking ... it's very embarassing , it's like i can't control it . when i'm drunk , i can't stop talking , ... yep , here too ! :) i grew up in paris , so i've seen it multiple times but i've visited it only once when i was little . when the weather allows it , sometimes my friends and i have a picnic on the ... it is a beautiful city indeed ! and it's raining at the moment ;) i am currently in paris at my parents ' , it's 27 ° c and with the pollution it feels even hotter . but i can't complain , it rained so much where i live these past few weeks . for a girl , samsara , sophia or frances . for a boy , i like seamus . well , i don't relate very much to the description of isfp , only for the artistic part and the interest for aestethics . then , i got pretty odd results , especially the 8w7 . if i must be an 8 , it ... type 1 perfectionism 50 % type 2helpfulness | | 10 % type 3image focus | 62 % type 4individualism | |8 6 % type 5intellectualism 46 % ... i'll check it out . thanks for lightening me :) the fears though ... hard to identify with only 3 . well , 468 is my tritype . that i'm sure too . my trifix is 4w5 5w4 9w1 , according to the comprehensive enneagram quiz . don't know what it worth though , i've never found an other test who determine ... first test : id 60 % ego 47 % super-ego 30 % 2nd test : your brain is sliced ... 39id , 27 ego , 24 superego https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cH_rfGBwamc stuck for quite a long time now , since i continue to listen to it almost daily . 1 . before you came to this site - were you happy with your life ? did you think you were happy , but on reflection , probably weren't ? where would you be now if you hadn't discovered mbti ? well , ... i think it is because the person doesn't know . but i'm not a 100 % sure . and i'd say xntps , i guess , as ntps would seem weird . hm , i feel you on this one . but you might scare the guy away by asking directly , maybe try some hints ? us infjs , and 4s as well , we like to feel that things come naturally . that's why we don't ... welcome to you too ! :) yeah , sometimes i think gosh , i'm too weird for a relationship . maybe because i didn't fell in love with types who could understand me correctly yet , but most of the ... you're welcome ! i don't have the chance to have any infj around me in the real life so it's always refreshing to talk to people who actually feel the same as i do :) haha i couldn't stay in a ... welcome :) i'm exactly at the same point in my life as you . working on my things . i love it . and as they say , do what makes you happy , and the right one will come along or something like that ... it is a type of the enneagram . there are 9 . you should check it out , it is really revealing . when you notice each freaking detail / particularity about people and are , consequently , seen as a psycho :) haha amen sister ! concerning the infj / type 4 guy , as it has been said many times already , i think you should only go for the dinner first and then see what happen . if he has a good time , he might ... i've lived in a big city all my life and i just moved out this year to a smaller city . it's less stressing , there are less people in the streets , it is relaxing for someone like me who hates crowds ... i can relate to this quote . literally , it put words on my thoughts . although , by loving humanity , i'd say that i love the virtue / feeling of humanity more than the concrete idea of the mankind ... idiocracy . kind of prophetic in my opinion . i agree . wait till college . even if the potential damages on teenagers haven't been scientifically proven , they are scary enough . and from my experience , they can be real for some people . yep , totally normal if you smoke pot . i started early too , but i don't smoke regulary anymore and i must say that the loss of memory only happen when i smoke again . so don't worry , you will recover , ... yep , same here . i remember when i was a child i prayed for ' being sent back to my planet ' , i think that speaks volumes . reading your post just broke my heart . i know what you feel , i've been there too , mostly for the family situation , the never enough thing . your mom , wow , she seems just like mine . with the mean ... this is all the complexity of us infjs . i can't really help you , as i haven't reached the point where i'm able to ignore criticism yet , but i'd say that you have to believe in your talent , and the ... personal ~ * name - what do you preferred to be called ? my name is alice , i don't really have a nickname , since alice is already a short name . i've chosen the username beatrix kiddo , as in ... '