' lol for some reason i think you would have gotten more sympathetic counseling over at the nf forum . i have an enfj friend . we get along because we have some similar quirks . that's all friendship is , right ? finding someone who shares your same weirdnesses ? hmmm , maybe . i'm obviously biased , but i like to think of myself as entp in the style of jon stewart . that is to say , someone who is argumentative and interested in intellectual debate but at the ... macbeth : to-morrow , and to-morrow , and to-morrow , creeps in this petty pace from day to day , to the last syllable of recorded time ; and all our yesterdays have lighted fools the way to dusty ... hey , so , i've been thinking about this for awhile now . when i first took the mbti test when i was 13 , i got enfp . and when i was that age , i was really feely . i was religious and the whole ... you are so sweet , i'm worried you're too sweet and this guy is taking advantage of your kindness . i know what jerks entps can be . i'm not even kidding . some of us are complete assholes . the thing ... update : i asked him . he said yes as long as we could go somewhere where it wasn't busy . he hates crowds . i'm like wherever you want . so he names off a bunch of places he doesn't want to go , and ... i like the istjs , but have a hard time with the isfjs or the esfjs he lent people money ? ;) my favorite is the rat . any other nts not really have any hobbies ? i'm pretty boring . if i had a hobby , it would be arguing with people or watching star trek . my advice : go to community college . it's cheap and you can take classes in different fields to make sure what you want to do before you spend a boatload of money and time . indiagrace lmao , i had not seen that video . wow , charlie sheen is completely insane . i had some idea , but i hadn't realized the exact extent . i don't know what his personality type is , but ... i don't think so . he strikes me as esxp . he seems to me to be more interested in having fun than in intellectual thoughts . absentminded , i'd like to criticize you for suggesting that you support string theory despite the absence of good evidence . as a side note , can you tell me if i'm correct in figuring out the ... wow , i'm surprised you did that too . why am i afraid that this person was entp :P i'm not sure what the correct word would be . it was a seminar . so , you know , it was a big circle of people . and the teacher started talking about how truth ( including morality ) is subjective . i ... you think that's bad ? i once got in an argument with an entire classroom of people , including the professor . i'm in complete agreement . attempts to stifle new hypotheses are a sin against science . that's , in part , a valid point . i didn't mean to suggest that scientific data cannot be corrected or advanced . to the contrary , it's encouraged because that's how we get better scientific data . ... as an entp who will argue with anyone about anything , i understand getting frustrated talking to people who are wrong ( or who we think are wrong , or whatever . ) it has lead me to mostly surround ... ok , i'll keep that in mind . thanks for the heads up . i think what i'm learning here is that it's my role as the extrovert to put myself out there and ask him if i can eat with him , and that i shouldn't pussyfoot around about it , trying to figure out if ... i'm not sure there's much i can do but commiserate . we need some of the enfp inspirers to step in , hehehe . entp <3 ? ( should i try to fish for compliments more subtley ? i think i would try , but i'm not very good at subtle . ) do intjs here think that spock is intj ? i know a lot of people claim he is istj , but i'm not sure i believe it . hey , don't be discouraged . istjs are cool ! us nts need someone to keep us grounded . you have a very important role in society , and you're excellent at a lot of important jobs . thank you guys for ... intj ( i swear , this is meant in the most positive way ): http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_Pk3jJ8hnWXo/S8_8-993UDI/AAADM4/OMzy8I8aDP8/s1600/praying_mantis_india.jpg entp : ... hehe . in my experience , the more i try to hold tight to schedules and plan things , the more the world seems to slip through my fingers . if i just relax , the world comes to me :P ahahaha . do you guys really allot specific amounts of time to your eating ? man . how do you guys not go absolutely insane ? i guess the world needs istjs for things , but i would go absolutely crazy if ... i'm not trying to set-up a date with him . i just like talking to him . you don't think it's kind of weird to ask someone days in advanced if they want to eat with you ? to me , then it becomes like a date . ok , next time i'll just come out and ask him . it's tough for me because i worry sometimes that i'm pressuring introverts into hanging out with me when they'd legitimately prefer to be by themselves . sorry , let me clarify . i'm being ambiguous which is muffling my story . i walked with him from class back to the dorm area , and then i said i'm going to go head this way to go eat at this place ... ok , so i met this istj guy in a class . he's really smart and i like talking to him . i usually walk and talk with him . he always eats by himself in the same place every day . one time i kind of invited ... i am entp . i fear becoming incapacitated in public . i fear bees . i fear brain damage . forget her . she's not worth your time . find someone else . i criticize you for not just using the word pussy . errr , well ... i mean , i think this is in part true , but perhaps not the whole story . math isn't my strong suit . it's too detail-oriented for me . er , well , i think it's okay for you to view things however you want as long as you don't contradict the scientific data . i'm guessing that it's a genetic condition that has little to do with personality type . however , i had a slight speech impediment when i was a child . i had difficult with s words . i took speech ... i wrote a paper recently on mulholland drive , so i agree that there are themes which tie the movie together ( i wrote about the relationship the movie has to mythological stories ) but the weird , ... i'd like to criticize your attempts at starting controversy . we should be trying to build a community , not start a war . also , i'd like to criticize your username because i don't understand what it ... really ? i saw mulholland drive and thought it was one of the most illogical movies i've ever seen . am i wrong ? relevant : i participated in a sleep deprivation study conducted by the u . s . military . i didn't sleep for 88 hours . ama ! : iama ok , here's a question for intjs . what do you believe is the most important trait that a human can have ? a ) rationality b ) hotness c ) empathy / compassion d ) humor e ) courage f ) strength ( both ... well , to be fair , magic exists in his universe :P i think the reason people associate nts with supervillains is because everyone associates intelligence with evil-ness . i think it's society's way of keeping down intelligent people . why ? i have no ... it's been awhile since i saw american beauty , but i remember it being very cynical . i thought spacey's character was entp . i could be mistaken . why do you think it's sf ? '