' i'm inclined to say that you're is a ti user . i really don't see factual details in your written-out thoughts so much as i sense clarity and precision in the presentation of ideas . that's not to say ... hi pik--thanks for the cultural perspective . i'm aware that my mother loves me , although we've learned to keep each other at somewhat of a distance most of the time . i have a hard time conversing ... hmm . i will consider it nonetheless . plus , the chance of me changing her mind is practically zero : rolleyes : i don't believe she knows much about mbti beyond each of the basic binary traits . well i don't think mbti and the enneagram are necessarily independent . 5 - dom people are predominantly ixtx , 8-d om exxj , and the list goes on . and when i say she's out of the house a lot , i mean ... not being well-versed in mbti , i'm not familiar with either of those types , but i'm inclined to say that she's more enfj in that respect . for several months , several times a week , she kept attending ... yeah , that's something i thought about , too . i think women in southeast asian cultures are expected to be more submissive in public . she is capable of having quieter , more relaxed discussion , and ... the context to that quote , life is centered around conflict and stress , is when i tell her that she doesn't need to be so demanding and upfront . she has said that several times , but in particular ... so i'm an infp , and for some reason i'm naturally averse to the idea that my mom has the same type as me . she's such an inflexible thinker , so surely she can't be ! but she claims she took a ... now that i think about it , you seem reminiscent of infp in several ways . as an infp , i'm very emotional , but i have strong skills of analysis . i think you're drawn to science ( esp . cognition and ... well , each mbti type is formed by a functional stack , consisting of one introverted judging , one extroverted judging , one introverted perceiving , and one extroverted perceiving function . for example , ... ahoy , ye lasses . glad to have you two in here--you both seem very enthusiastic . us infp's are just so lovable :P i'd also advise you check out the enneagram , since you're here . it's a wholly ... there have been important people with less-than-genius iq's . feynman had an iq of 125 , and crick's iq is purported to have been 119 . they both received nobel prizes . on the flipside , though , those ... eh , i didn't think about the fact that infp is te inferior . i suppose it's easily possible . usopp from one piece . hmm , i've never thought about this before . some people say he's an esfp , others enfp , entp , entj .. i even saw infj once . he's imaginative and tells stories . he tries to lie , ... on sd16 , yes . 160 sd15 = 164 sd16 , whereas 160 sd16 = 156.25 sd15 . i'm assuming you know that the difference is small but not trivial . i'm not sure where you live , but i'm thinking in sd15 because ... mbti and socionics ( not socionomics ) assesses personality traits and how you process information . i think you should consider socionics , though . it's a novel pursuit of adding more rigor to mbti , and ... when i was 8 years old , i got around 135-140 . now that i'm 16 and on adhd meds , i test closer to 145-150 . i suspect that my iq is closer to between 140-145 . but in any case , those iq's are sufficient ... phew . that was quite a ride , lol . you definitely seem very ne-fi to me . you're attuned to possibilities and ideas in the external world ( ne ) , and you search for them according to your personal ... i don't see any te in you , so that rules out intj and infp ; you seem more ti . your concern for others and ability to influence or cheer them up also suggests fe to me . my brother is an intj , and ... my first guess is intp . you're perceptive , open-minded , and laid-back , and you repress your feelings in light of whatever is considered to be the objective truth . you're definitely introverted , and ... you seem strongly isfp . i hate being misled is very characteristic of se to me--you're acutely aware of personal space and territory . i also think that your gut feelings about people and your ... good lord , you're being dodgy . he's not asking how you see se , he's asking how you personally relate . how does it connect to your experience ? what qualities of your experiences are se-like ? dude , ... : you seem more infp in that you lack precision when you express your ideas . grammar and spelling mistakes also aren't really inconsistencies , per se . i get the impression that you're more fi than ... instinctively , reading op suggests to me that you're a 5w6 . you hoard knowledge like a 5 , and i feel that you are more of an independent thinker than a 6 . the 5 is an ego type , while the 6 is a ... pardon me for playing devil's advocate here , but i thnk infj's are about as evil as anyone else . perhaps we are predisposed to falling prey to false causes , but it's not as if we're the only ones . i ... born unto this earthiness , dirt under your fingernails shrouded in darkness , placed into a world of no meaning ; no fulfillment ; no joy this endeavor is futile . dig away at the emptied earth . the ... 1 . no one 2 . a panda 3 . glance at it and move on 4 . huge 5 . no 6 . candles , artifacts , paintings , glass objects 7 . plastic 8 . glance at it and move on 9 . lake 10 . fly over it though i understand why some people are not as proficient at certain academic subjects , i never really related to that too well . i've always been very good at most subjects in school . i am not as ... the infp's dominant and auxiliary functions are fi and ne , respectively . by extroverting our intuition to support our introverted feeling , or emotions , we create a reality based on our intuition in ... haha , i know that feeling to a great extent . i've had a bit of a disaster in the past year after falling for a certain girl . american society is so strongly centered on hedonistic principles ... infp's have a habit of idealizing the world around them in order to cope with reality . unfortunately this is not a healthy coping mechanism , even in the situation of two people maintaining a romantic ... africa - quartered i cant say ive been successful in dealing with my depression , but here's a few coping methods i've discovered : listening to happy music . music is an excellent tool for controlling your thoughts ... i've been practicing the sport of fencing since i was 8 . it's a neat sport and encourages individual development more so than any other sport i know of , both mentally and physically . i'm ranked ... docs.google.com/document/d/1stlrqlssbe_w92wkewumsjo-atwen30lftxhi0x9now/edit please don't judge me ! t_t also , my failed attempts at displaying vocabulary was merely a strategy to raise my grade ... this is literally the story of my life lol . i try so hard to characterize people :p although i prefer enneagram for that purpose . i personally agree with your final statement there , although my idealist skepticism is uncertain of it ^ _ ^ but in any case , i myself am internally elitist in my judgment , though i reserve this aspect ... i'm pretty much ok with positive remarks , haha . generally negative criticism will make me feel anxious or depressed , although i can usually cope with those negative feelings . i'd prefer not to answer this question - - the notion of living with the love of your life forever seems too good to be true ; it is my belief that such a partner could not exist .. otherwise , i would ... '