' low degree of confidence across the board , but to get the ball rolling : cassandra ixtj iron bull extj blackwall isxj varris extp sera isxp cole ixfp solas inxp vivienne xntj yes . i don't think there's much room for ambiguity here . i'd say esfp , but i can see why you'd lean estp . clearly she extraverts perception : intensely curious , uninterested in commitment , ... my advice would be to stop empathizing and instead locate agency at levels other than that of the individual . it will help you suspend judgment and is good historical practice in its own right . and ... weird is , very often , the s term for n . it needn't be derogatory , either . non-weird people can appreciate weird people , just as the weird can appreciate those who are a little more grounded . oh , i'm not complaining that we discuss philosophy here . ( if anything , i wish there were more parallel discussions on the other type forums so more direct comparison of intuitions could be done . ) ... based on stereotype you'd think we'd be better about defining our terms , though ; sheesh . women get a lot of messages on online dating sites , and the vast majority of them are incredibly boring . ( of the minority that are not boring , about half are genuinely interesting and half are ... yup , this is an sj's game , as a look at any military in the world should indicate . almost certainly not , because both of those beliefs are incredibly rare . don't fall prey to the base rate fallacy . ( i'm inclined to the view that if there are such things as qualia then they're ... present in this thread , and every one i've seen like it over yon internetes : yeah , i'm not a feminist because they hate men . not present : yeah i'm a feminist because men are the fucking worst ... don't knock on hate . struggles for justice often come from a place of hate , and gain fuel from it - hatred , if nothing else , of prevailing conditions . if people hate their oppressors as individual ... it might be worth thinking about the ways in which different types are able to genetically and memetically reproduce themselves , and the ways these interact ( assuming we're credulous about all of the ... you have to have some sort of belief before you take any sort of intentional action . so i'll certainly lend my assent to the idea that opinions ( in this sense ) are the root of all evil : if we didn't ... this and fear . most violence - especially large-scale political violence - is rational in the sense of being a ( n often very effective ) means towards achieving concrete ends . every social system of ... my ti-ne p-ness . infps are the best . :) any man can be accused of rape - but most who are are guilty , and most who're guilty aren't , and most who are get reflexively defended . any amount of default confidence we place in accusations is ... oh , huh , i somehow inserted a not in there . sorry about that ! oh , i'm absolutely not saying they aren't horrible , just that i'm not sure i agree with the idea that they're worse on account of being stupid . i hope i didn't say anything to trivialize your ... at the most abstract level , patriarchy . at a more concrete level : many rape myths are prevalent because , sociologically , they help to reproduce patriarchy , and psychologically , they protect people ... if you take a look at communities organized around occultism or fundamentalism or conspiracy theories , there are pretty much always people who are interested in the stuff at a theoretical level , ... this thread is interesting because it's kind of a window into how people who pride themselves on orthography think people who don't spell . natural misspellings are quite different - this seems to ... i get it and i'm still facepalming . incidentally , it doesn't really apply to wolves either - the greek alphabet stuff was inferred from how wolves behave in captivity , not the wild . ( arguably one could say that humans are more in ... all of these are of the form here's why < unpopular idea > is actually true , which is perfectly intpish . take this one too and give us the results , even if they appear cryptic . you can likely go without the membership , depending on the layout of the gym - just make a beeline for the shower as though you're intending to work out afterwards . both intj and infp are fi-te , whereas intp is ti-fe . would you say that you're more fluid - thinking critically , but responding to peer pressure - or solid - having a clear internal sense of what ... better yet , throw a party . friends are always valuable in a pinch ; invest sooner rather than later . abbie hoffman's steal this book - you can comply with the title by clicking here - is the classic work on this . there are necessary updates , obviously . if public facilities are enough to get you ... one aspect of jungian function theory seems directly falsifiable : the degree to which the ordering of the functions depends on the combination of axes . a 1 - n counterexample to the theory : i reliably ... the subset of feminists who say that all porn is bad actually do define porn as the subset of masturbation aids that are bad , so the statement is analytic , not synthetic . this doesn't quite jibe ... giving up porn is really easy , though ? i know because i quit cold turkey successfully ( for my own reasons , not my girlfriend's request ) and i have basically no self-control at all . it's not something ... i love being a nerd ; i hate the ridiculous ressentiment that infects groups of people identifying as nerds . just because non-nerds have little to say of interest to nerds doesn't mean they need a ... the difficulty of ascertaining this - and the indication of reports on the industry that my prior chance of a false positive is high - are why i quit watching porn . with the professional stuff ... i think this betrays a fundamental misunderstanding about what moral non-realism is . relativism in the sense we're discussing doesn't say that there are no objective truths , it says that there are no ... different people fundamentally value different things , and the universe itself doesn't care about anything . the relativists are fundamentally right : there's no a priori argument for why any agent in ... i really can't emphasize this enough . not even grad schools care about what you majored in as an undergrad . i would so pay for a print sep with crayon illustrations . if you want to read capital , read smith , then ricardo , then fine and saad-filho's marx's ' capital ' , and then vol . 1 ( epub here , if that's ... oh , it's not at all about agreement - i think rand's basically right on metaethics , although the way she phrases it is really weird , since she wasn't in dialogue with contemporary philosophy ; and ... there's a great deal of good material out there , so if you can narrow down what it is you're looking for , do so ! if you're not quite sure , i would recommend j . l . mackie's ethics , marx's german ... precisely . this is why scandinavia , the only region with near-parity in parliamentary representation and parental involvement in childrearing , is so famous for its poor governance and dysfunctional ... i believe in apostolic succession , the authority of the bishop of rome in matters of faith and morals , justification through the sacraments and hylomorphism , but please don't call me a catholic ; ... like others , i don't know representative an intp male i am , but 1 ) i would not say i was interested unless i was very interested , and 2 ) i am spotty keeping up communications with people even ... the brain isn't centralized , it's massively parallel . there isn't really a single answer to centralization is more efficient or not ; it depends on the substrate , the tasks you're trying to ... the universe of adoptees has unusually low environmental variation , and birth and adopting parent characteristics tend to covary . inferences from identical against heterozygotic twins aren't plagued ... most of your peers who repeat phrases back to the teacher aren't dumb people who can't see plain and simple lies - in fact , i guarantee you that most non-nerds are much better at detecting lies ... failed my test six consecutive times , which is more than it ought to have taken me to realize that a luck passing would have just made me a danger to myself and others . since i don't intend to ever ... yeah , i think that's still incoherent : if human nature means anything , it means the range of molds that are possible . if you see a human doing x - rape , snowboarding , theoretical physics , whatever ... no , it's clear that that's your belief ; it's just not clear how to interpret the quoted passage - but discussing this particular point further seems useless , a trap for the conversation to become ... '