' time to bump and see what the great estp president has been up to . he stopped 221 million from going to america's enemy : trump admin puts a freeze on obama ’ s $ 221 million payment to palestinians – ... every single point that's written applies to infp . damn you guys are so salty . i thought we could have a civilised discussion . not a bunch of leftists crying all over the place , boy was i wrong : cool : now that there's a strong leader we can't go wrong . trump , you will not only make every other estp proud to share the same type , but you will make every mbti practitioner see how great the estp ... that's certainly not the difference . but i get what you mean . what the fuck is the difference ? i just checked and it seems i do . i think got it for free with my cpu . the last counter strike i actively played was 1.6 back in highschool . 540930 oh boy i'm gonna get rekt . my steam name ... wrong comment . willing to stand up for your type ? i play a wide variety of games . if there's any game you feel confident in where you could take me down let me know . i'm always up for a ... lately playing this cursed game from blizzard called overwatch . it's pretty fun but most people in pugs don't voice chat . i'm looking for people to play overwatch with . especially if you're an ... does he pass out after drinking ? if so he's definitely enfp . esfp are too collected to pass out after drinking . you can also try to punch the guy , if he has shit reaction he's sure to be an ... books for getting your ass in gear : - elon musk : tesla , spacex , and the quest for a fantastic future - total recall : my unbelievably true life story ( intj author ) books that stimulate the ... intj son . he's going to be greater than elon musk . could you explain what loop holes exist within the cognitive function arrangement ? you don't say . while i like entj's and i know some good people , i can tell that entj's can't handle intj's in the long run . intj's are too harsh and rude which the entj takes as immature . it is also nice to see ... when elon musk does what elon musk does best , that's when ni is at its best . i'm sometimes skyping with random people from this forum . we usually talk about about personality type theory . shocker right ? : glee : if you're up for personality type discussions on skype , feel ... why the need to have a conversation ? if it's in a direction of interest i can talk all day . if it's small talk i'll do something else . but hey , sometimes even i'm forced into situations were i can ... are you guys fucking kidding me ? intj's are great to be around . very humble and very professional at all times . they have manners and do what is in the best interest of everyone , even if that ... as you can see in this thread , it's an infp thing . the best thing you can do is to let them be , as all retarded stuff like that is simply a result of weak to no rational functions . i'm an intj and i play jungle , mid and top . rarely support or adc , but if the need arises or i'm in an experimental mood it can happen . if there are any na or west-eu players it might be cool to ... there is no such thing . you either are an intj or you are not . you either use the functions the functions in a certain order or you do not . when untyped people start pondering about fi there's a ... i'm not an isfp but intj is close right ? i mostly play nintendo games with the occasional rpg , like witcher 3 . i've played starcraft 2 for a while , never quite made it to grand master as i didn't ... edit : nvm : smile : intp by a small margin . but both of them fit into society just fine so it's alright . for some insight on this matter you can look at this intj and see that he laughs at certain jokes . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZsCnLqY8iB0 as an intj i know very well why every joke is ... no . no . yes and a little bit of no . no . it is not possible she wears a mask that will fool the highest caliber of people who can type , this is because the reason why the mask gets created and how ... everybody can read emotions to an extent because people are born with the ability to do so . we're all capable of seeing when somebody is happy , sad , fear , anger , surprise , disgusted , etc . even a ... amazing , i'm sure that a lot of people will become a lot more productive by following your tips . but if you don't mind , i'd like to make a subtle change which i think you can agree with : 255690 debates are usually done by either extraverts or quick thinkers who can give ' good enough ' replies they thought off on the spot . sometimes debates are done to win over a crowd . in this case ... my mother is an esfp and my father an isfp . i grew up with them and i understand sfp's better than most other types . i've had a job in street sales , most of the people consisted of estp's and esfp's ... and statistics show it goes bad a lot , doesn't it ? ;) music does not help me cope with anything . on the other side , my best moments in life were without music as well . i don't consider myself ' strong willed ' and my own mind helps me cope with ... the only thing marriage is , is : you , your beloved and a third party . why was a third party needed again ? now i know why i think everybody around me is stupid ... and it's not because everybody around me is stupid . since you're alive and well enough to make this post i don't think he would let die either : wink : don't mind me when i'll just focus on the issue here and let the others handle the other stuff . i'm better at this and they're better at that so it works out for the better : happy : any true ... that's boring . : rolleyes : not sure if i understand you correctly so i'll ask : you're asking about a ' what if ' scenario ? if the hunger games was real , what types would willingly step up to participate in such an event ? if ... 100 % lol , i've never aced a test that easily :p roud : always manages to be a social genius . i can't wait to hear what comes out of their mouths next . i'll talk about this as objectively as possible , so there won't be any bias . group : c - 4 intj : manages to have no downside , which pisses a lot of people off coincidentally being perfect could be ... you invite me to talk smack about your type ? don't mind if i do : happy : - all talk with no action . unlike the isfp who uses se to put fi into fruition , the infp uses ne ... that's either words or ... that would only encourage them to talk , they're esfp's and love banter , anything social will not work because that's their thing . if you didn't understand the situation , it's an intj not wanting ... none of those , if you're an infj just go for the estp . all the articles that you've read about pairing intuition with intuition are complete garbage . if you're going to find a partner through ... i like that you defy the idiotic intj + entp combo . understanding that ne + ni doesn't match is a valuable lesson . i know an intj millionaire , he works 3-4 hours a day . i asked him about procrastination and he told me ' when you don't feel like doing it , do it anyway . ' what he did early in his life was wake up , ... in threads like these you will always get the most ' thank yous ' if you talk about how you're capable of getting along with any type , how labels are bad and that you shouldn't judge based on ... the problem is that i don't know if your personal experience is exceptional or if mine are . with that statement you just made you've decided that there are more intj's with issues then there are not , ... you asked me a question , i answered and i showed you another intj that also doesn't have the problem you claim ' many intj's suffer from ' . i could make the list a whole lot bigger but i already ... '