' * huggle-cuddles * hehehe . i knew you would . =P i think it's important that you apply for things that might seem slightly out of reach because one day one of those opportunities is going to surprise you and it will be amazing ! as far as the ... bebe . i haven't stopped watching you since i first laid eyes on you . < 3 i have found that my reaction in such circumstances varies depending on the person who is making the suggestion ( and how strongly are they making this suggestion , why are they making this suggestion ... i think i relate pretty intensely . chronic discontent seems both apt and lacking , almost like flipsides of a coin where the matter has two defining aspects . inevitably , it leaves me with the taste ... squeee ! * huggles * as always , it was incredible talking with you . so beautiful and understanding a person ! thankieees . <3 i am terrified of dying , partly out of some ridiculous appreciation for life and partly because the idea of not being here if my son ( or other family members / friends ) needs me is distressing . i'm ... don't listen ! the pizza ones are - hands down - the best ! mm . <3 maybe i want to be a cat . maybe i am a cat . maybe i was just born this way . mew ! if juju is collecting intps i want access ! hehe . i'm an enfj and my mum is an enfp . our relationship hasn't always been perfect , but she has been an amazing mother and is a beautiful person . i really love her parenting methods . <3 oh my , i just saw this . i would love to meet you , too , dan ! hehe . <3 ( in fact , your entire list is full of awesome people i would thoroughly enjoy meeting ! ) oh yes , tinychat is another option . i have skype premium , though - so whenever i'm on video calling is a possibility . :) your top character strength kindness you are kind and generous to others , and you are never too busy to do a favor . you enjoy doing good deeds for others , even if you do not know them ... i've only participated in one google hangout ' session ' before , but what i've seen of it is cool . if someone starts one there too , let me know please ? i'd love to join in . =] i would love to be your friend ! hehe . on the skype topic - there is an enfj group and there are also a few infj skype groups ( that have two or three of us enfjs as well as a few intps ) . some of ... wow , talk about waking up an old thread , but i have to get this out somewhere : i confess that my heart is breaking without you , but i'm doing the right thing , right ? the right thing for you ( even ... i'm also an enfj and have experienced this ( i would tend to agree with the above comment that it is a typical self-preservation response / coping mechanism ) , but also something along a similar line ... please don't think me rude ( it is not my intention to be abrupt or mean ): my understanding is that bi-polar disorder and borderline personality disorder are actually two clinically different ( on top ... after much deliberation : 6w7 - 4w3 - 9w8 | | so / sx hey ... please add me to this ! littlemisssith is my skype username . i love my time on the intp and infj chats - why not with my enfjs ? ^ . ^ trying to attend ? bahaha . i think you mean assistant-coordinating and definitely attending . ;] dan , you know i'll be there in a heartbeat , as long as it's possible . haha . i vote for either australia or somewhere in the northern states or maybe canada , then i can see something different ! i'll ... ehehehe . thank you . ^ ^ ; 5999599975 9998 i thought i better take the plunge and post in here , haha . i typed infj for a long time , but it's pretty obvious to me and everybody else that my fe comes first . ;D orange is ... i confess that , at times , i have doubts . about me . about you . about us . i also confess that these doubts are consuming more and more of me and i think it's starting to show . anyways just curious on a scale of 1 to 10 how much do you enjoy sex and / or being aroused also how high is your sex drive in relation to those . enjoyment of sex / arousal : 10 sex drive : ... another vote for the internet , hehe . i do agree with one of the previous comments , though : perhaps focus on learning to spot us infjs ( no we don't all look like kittens ;P ) and go from there . =] and it was 45 today ! haha . no , really , adelaide's weather is fantastic . i've lived in fl and in the uk and it beats both by far . =] metro adelaide , sa . finally got my permanent residency ! ;D hey there fellow infj . i hope you enjoy your time here at the cafe . i know i have so far . =] i don't have a big picture for the world or any grand plans for change . i simply want to become a midwife and help women achieve the positive experience they ( and their babies ) deserve out of birth ... i'm glad somebody else feels like their change from teenage years has led to a now me . i feel like i'm still learning who my now me is , but i can feel the change is significant enough to ... thanks for the welcome . i will go find the gaming forum and have a look around . =] i used to try , some years ago . mostly when i tried to write a song , though , i had started out with the exact intention . i always found the words fairly easy , but a melody and the rest ? haha . nooo , ... birthday : october 22nd sun : libra ascendant : libra moon : sagittarius chinese zodiac : metal horse i am very much a cusp libra / scorpio ( the scorpia , haha ) and i can also relate to much of ... so , aside from my avatar / profile photo , here's me : http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v448/crazynloveless/PerC/2012-12-2112-00-13008a_zps59a14901.jpg ... because i am sat here reflecting on what once was , what is and what could be , i am feeling nostalgic . please excuse the ___ present throughout the poem ( if you can see them , i made them white ) . i ... i have found myself wondering many times whether i would have been better suited to an extrovert of any kind . i feel some times that both of us being introverts leads to us living in our own worlds ... i feel like that is so true ( when they feel like it in particular ) . my intj husband keeps all of his computer files perfectly organised and compartmentalised . the same goes most of the time for his ... that pretty much hits the nail on the head . i have had to make an exception at work , though , as sales ( as previously mentioned by livingunique 333 ) does tend to hold it as a requirement . i have to ... hiya , fellow infj . =] what was it about the relationships with intjs that you feel failed the relationship ( if i may ask ) ? i find i struggle a lot with the t / f differences ( and it makes me want to ... the only people i know who have actually typed themselves ( and made me aware of the fact ) are an infj and a few intjs . so i couldn't say definitively how many intps i've met and spoken with . always ... sun : libra ascendant : libra moon : sagittarius venus : libra hmm . a whole of lot libra going on there . after a quick read on having my moon in sagittarius , i can definitely see some serious fits ... i am the oldest of two children , my half-brother being born seven and a bit years later than myself . i'll have to ask him to try out the myers-briggs test , but i'd say he's definitely introvert as ... hi all . i'm new to the cafe and also to enneagram typing ( so mine could potentially be off ) . however , i'm an infj and apparent 4w5 , 9w1 , 6w5 - sx / sp . i'm twenty-two and live in oz . i'd be pretty ... ooh , sounds fantastic . thank you . ^ . ^ i wonder where they're lurking ... =P thank you to both for your welcomes . =] hiya , fellow infj . oh my goodness , yes please on the manuals . especially when i consider the possibility of the following generation going through the same emotional roller coaster with as little ... apdenoatis : 1w2 , 2w1 , 5w6 sx / so ( probably ) perspicacious : 1w2 4w5 5w6 milli 66 : 1w9 - 4w5 so / sp pterodactyl 1w9 - 5w6 - 2w1 so / sx younique : 2w1 , 5w6 , 1w9 sp / so txwolves : 2w1 , 6w5 , 1w9 sp / so ... '