' sounds like something my crazy istp friend would do hahaha (: i always have butterflies in my stomach cause i'm usually so stressed ... they're more like frickin hummingbirds hahaha with my lover i become calmer and so so happy ! like nothing wrong is going on ... 592 ! the problem solver :) this is so true for me ... i can super easily read other's body language and facial expressions ... but also this makes me feel extremely anxious , and i can't seem to just shut off this reading into ... attempt to read his mind and charm him into leaving me alone , all the while nonchalantly texting my goodbyes to my loved ones hahaa my isfp boyfriend is really clingy - and he admits it ... i think it stems from insecurity ... he needs to know that i love him and am there for him , etc ... :P i'm in a new , and very serious relationship with a wonderful isfp man ! my fears are many : fear that i won't love him as much as he loves me . he is overwhelming to me at times ... his love is ... that's wonderful ! ! ! (: my twin sister is an infj . ^ _ ^ i wouldn't recommend the pair as friends , though , tbh . my sister and i are very close , as we would be , having grown up together ... but i feel like i give sooo ... hey you all ! so , i'm recently in an almost official ( long story ) relationship w / another isfp ! it's been a whirlwind , let me tell you ! the emotions between us both are always nuts , haha ... ... i'd always thought an istp , enfj , or maybe an entp ... i've never been interested in dating an isfp , but that's actually the personality type of the man i'm dating now . ^ __ ^ awww , too bad that you think you might get slaughtered here ... especially since us isfps are generally seen as non-judgmental people ! o : i don't know if i know any esfjs in real life , but from ... find yourself an isfp ! they would give you everything . or maybe that's just my opinion ... hehe love you isfjs c : ahahaaa , i was just waiting for someone to say that ... ^ - ^ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JLI41hJ8MxM i'm not particularly fond of this song especially , even though i like abr , but the lyrics are absolutely wonderful ! show me the way . take me in ... they always have to be right . always . x__x my ( former ) best friend is an enfj ... we've been friends , best friends , for years , but lately it's all been going downhill . we rarely if ever see each other anymore , and i admit that i've been ... my parents are these two types ! my mother is an isfj ( though she has ' low feeling ' ) and my father is an estp . they've been happily married for over 20 years . they rarely ( if ever ) fight , and often ... i'm not a very physically affectionate person . the most i do is hug my family , and if you initiate the hug as a friend i will hug you back , but rarely ( if ever ) do i initiate a hug . i don't even like ... what type do you all think mark ruffalo is ? i can't have explained my beliefs any better than trigun 64 did . thank you all for your suggestions - you have been most helpful ! hey all ! i think i've posted on you isfj's board before about how i'm interested in an isfj , and was wondering how you could tell if they were into you too ! anyway ... this isfj i'm interested in ... i'm not necessarily artistic either , but i really love to just look at or experience forms of art . maybe that also counts , in a way , as being artistic ? o : ahhh , exactly what i was trying to say in my post above . ^ you definitely said it better than i did luul . c ; i have one friend who i believe is an isfj ... either an isfj , or way less likely an infj . but anyway ... i really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really like him . more than i ... you remind me of clive owens c : entjs and estps . o___o welcome brandon ! another infp writer , eh ? haha (; have fun on the forum ! i have always seen that live and let live idea as more of an isfp thing . same thing with the not wanting to tell others what to do . just an idea for you ... they are daa bomb , eh ? ? c ; it wanted the excitement sure to be on the other side ! i'm in the same boat , and understand where you are coming from , though i am an isfp ! i think that maybe it could stem from not being confident yourself in what you are able to do , and just who you ... definitely need to get to know you first . but , i think i can usually tell just from observing a person w / o talking to them how much i may like or dislike them . i hate it . i usually refuse to repeat myself . if they weren't going to listen the first time , chances are they don't care anyway . - __ - and if they accidentally missed it , i just hate repeating ... i too have an isfj friend i'm interested in getting to know better , but he is extremely private . i've never met someone besides myself as private as he ! i am hesitant to share what is happening with ... hallo , pitchblend . welcome to the forum ! c : does your username have any specific meaning , just out of curiosity ... ? ahhh ... any male isfjs want to answer ? x3 sounds exactly like my infj sister and i ! ^ ^ ^ haaa , okayyy ... thanks for your reply ! c : perhaps not , but just out of curiosity , i'm wondering . c : my sister will tell about how her day went , and exaggerate what really happened like crazy ! ex : if so-and-so was talking a little rudely ... is exaggeration a common infj trait ? my infj sister exaggerates like it's going out of style . just wondering ... : ninja : requested deletion of post xd lucid dreaming , hmm ? how exactly would you go about ' doing ' that ? any websites that you find especially informative ? welcome to the forum , by the way c : they know what looks attractive ;D i wish ... <3 i'm very shy , to the point where i have a hard time actually going and doing activities and things with others . :/ mrrrhhh ... another one ! types of zachary quinto and chris pine ? what do you think paul bettany's type is ? do you think ? here's a free bump for the board , either way . ^ ^ i find it interesting that you would try to look at the good side of her , because it sounds like you don't really like her . you remind me of my infj sister - she's always trying to look for a good ... '