' trust your guts . if you feel like what you are doing is right , then keep on doing , no matter what other people will say . there will always be haters . trust your guts . if you feel like what you are doing is right , then keep on doing , no matter what other people will say . there will always be haters . so i have a problem . i met someone , a guy that i met on the net . i really like him , he's smart , handsome but the most important is that he makes me feel like i'm the only person that matters on ... you guys h . a . v . e . to watch la vie d'adèle ( blue is the warmest colour for the english version ) . it's ... hugh i have no words . i got out of the cinema feeling lost , my heart was empty , my whole body ... i'll only write two words today : people s . u . c . k . ! i am very misunderstood , and it used to make me anxious , not being like everyone else . i would always blame myself about that and think i have issues . now i grew up and i am at peace with myself and ... truth is , everybody's gonna hurt you at somehow , you just have to find to find the ones worth suffering for . i apologise for my english ( i don't master this language as well as french ) and for the long post . yesterday , i was having a family dinner home . my two sisters and i being born in september , my ... heat , job hunting , city . when the question that is the most asked to you is ' why aren't you talking ? ' . when people say this , i just want to chop their tongues off . in highschool , i was really brilliant in french , englis , history , theatre , gography , biology . i hated physics , every bone of my body would ache each time i was in physics . yes , i speak french ( mother tongue ) , english , dutch and have notions in portugese , spanish and kinyarwanda . yes i ' m a language lover ! poster below , do you believe in destiny ? i hate crushes . i'm always tortured when i have one . i guess i was begining to be used to the torture and this is why my twisted brain decided to spice it up a little bit . i have a crush , a huge ... conclusion : we infps are beautiful ! ! ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ci8LRHfoQd0 i love it when people fall down , am i sadistic ? dark infp revelation http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mD-4cQz0s8E 1 . small talks 2 . bad driving 3 . people that don't stand at their right hand in the metro 4 . when i am having those music connection moments and i just seat and listen to every melody and someone ... brussels , belgium . when was the last time you did something for the first time , and what was it ? fashion is my little péché mignon . i love dressing and i have to say that i have really good tastes and can assemble clothes well so that the whole outfit looks good . my thing is colours , i love ... just ... let me be ! putain , elle / il n ' a pas inventé ( e ) l ' eau tiède ( funny french expression to say that someone is stupid . ) i would like to see you naked right now ! i'm feeling like not ... last sunday was the 19th commemoration of the genocide against the tutsis in rwanda , in 1994.  1000 of us walked from the parliament to the stadium with lit candles . whilst we were walking , i tried ... oh my god , thank you guys ! thank you , thank you , thank you , thank you ! ! ! i am so relieved ! i thought i was not normal . i also make up little scenarios in my head , how we'll flirt , our first kiss , ... i love watching people sleep . you can see their true selves , no games , no masks , no nothing . just them without their shield on . my head is telling me to stop . but my heart ... my heart . i think my dad is an infp . he is the person that knows me and understands me the most on this earth . we don't talk a lot , we don't need to say things out loud . we understand each other with silence ... with pleasure ! en jij ? from which part of the country are yah ? ohhh , i hate you for eating one ! i've been away for six months and i am craving for some . that and durums , starbucks and waffles and ... 1 . in which european country are you ? belgium 2.what ' s your area of study / profession ( doesn't have to be too specific ) too complicated 3 . would you ever meet up with someone from perc ? ... i'm wondering , if you could choose to have two superpowers , what would you pick . i think i'd go for reading in people's minds . i'm obsessed to know what people think and how they are feeling .  ... i hate myself . now that i look back at it , she was really into me ! if only i had the guts to do something , and stop thinking that a girl so beautiful would have never been attracted to me , i'm ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bawbk71Qh_g http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EcaxrqhUJ4c http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=isIABK-0ohQ love this one in particular ! ... i have a friend that wants to do it in a graveyard . i've always found it ... well , uncommon . : tongue : sex , the breath , hotness , eyecontact between me and another person . the look on her face when she's having an orgasm . the connection you have . the bodies moving at the same rythm . and the pleasure ... it actually is the same with belgian-french and france - french but i've always found that the difference between flemish and ducth is stronger than in french . i have learnt dutch ( flemish ) and was ... some good shit actually ... héhé :p roud : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EjFBWM6Jf2s soul music has the power to get me high , no weed needed ! : tongue : my mothertongue is french , but it ' s , i think , one of the most difficult language ( and one of the most beautiful aswell ) , i always make mistakes when i talk ( so don't worry guys , french is difficult ... i totally get what you are saying , people think i am really weird because i can stare at random things for hours . when you make a shopping list and forget it home ( everytime ) when , you rarely don't forget the list but never stick to it anyways . when your bedroom is a mess 10 minutes after tidying it up ( the ... this is brilliant ! thanks weirdly , i find somethind poetic in melancholy . you just put into words what i was feeling but couldn't express . thank you mate ! :) yesterday in the evening , it was raining . one of those tropical pouring hot rain that i love . when the storm was getting closer i stayed outside , smoking a cigarette whilst feeling this heavy ... firstqueen wow , you are really beautiful ! ohh , yeah ! i know what you mean ! i have this with my best friend ! we knew each other six years ago but became friends four years ago . at first it felt like we had a lot to say , when we started being ... hi guys , i'm going to start at the university in september and i still have to choose what to study ? i was considering take the social anthropology and developement studies course . has ... well first thought , i will look my self at the miror for hours , touch myself to see how it feels to have a vagina . have an multiple orgasms . i heard women take more pleasure during sex . and i think i ... i have a very good sense of fashion , i don't follow trends but i like wearing what i like and feel good in my clothes . everyone says that i have a hipster style which is true , i wear ray bans with ... i wanted to be a pilot . it's not the practical , mathematical , scientific side that iterrested me , but flying . i have always loved airplanes , the feeling they procur ! i thought it would be wonderful ... 1 . the smell of my 2 year old little sister's cheeks . 2 . the smell of the air when i get off of the plane when arriving in rwanda . 3 . the smell of rain . 4 . the clouds before a storm . 5 . falling ... i'm fed up . i am tired of my emotions being on a constant rollercoaster . i am tired of not knowing what i want to do with my life . i am tired of people telling me that i am too calm . i am tired ... '