' i've been there ... and i believe in god as well . i saw a sad young woman on the bus last week and had the urge to embrace her . ok , the intj's i've known had emotions too complex / deep to be expressed . this guy i don't was asking me about my feelings , my past and saying all this i love you stuff ... weird ! ! lol ! ! unbearable sometimes . but it comes through my poetry . tonight i was so exuberant i went out alone and danced barefoot on the pavement for a while . sometimes the rage or sadness is killing . the whole point was overwhelm and not its antithesis . how are intp's perceived any better ? intj's are private because our level of emotionality tends to overwhelm most people . i desire to balance parenting a small child with furthering my education ! yes , definitely . i feel dizzy if i am around too many people and i cannot think straight . the ending of merlin was so touching i almost cried . nice advert . keep it to the personals page . i don't care for narcissists i replied to a friendship ad in craigslist . i hope i get one back . i get into terribly vulnerable moods where i feel intimate in a disgusting and overwhelming way . it makes me want to hide under a rock . i really cannot fully explain the feeling . :P crap ! debroglie was a physicist--i am trying to be non-intj and i still make a science reference . #lol #yolo #swag #hashtag lol . the obvious , the logic , the ethics will never matter to a narcissist . you can try but ... won't get anywhere . :( i am so afraid you . here it is ... * hands over money * oh , mighty eminence , i rush at your command ! your eminence , someday ass-holiness will get you killed . not that i care :) your boyfriend is distant , so you start researching what do to when bf is distant a few i've gotten from different people and what i want to say : ~ you look frumpy today with your big belly hanging over your pants . need i mention your sweatpants ? ~ i'm mad at you .   ... awesome rant . i think i complain too much . to smash certain people / things responsible for fining me for an overdue book i renewed two weeks ago and should not be due till next week . ( science 1001 ) when you turn you surprise pregnancy into a psycho-natal experiment . ah , yes ! ! the technical term for ice-cream headache is : sphenopalatine ganglioneuralgia : crazy :: blushed :: sad :: confused :: shocked :: crying :: frustrating :: cool : when you turn your new pregnancy into a big psycho-natal experiment . : cool : ? not smart enough to evoke the intellectual compatibility excuse me ? ! intj's are the deepest souls i've known and the most intelligent . one is a theoretical physicist ( not smart enough ) , who is a ... i was going to say love ya ' girl , but i realized your profile said intj . :P so based on that one intj you think we're all boring ? what fallacious logic , a generalized statement . just like you isfp's i suppose , we come in all sorts of packages . in fact many of intj's i've ... i'm sure you do ! what do you like to do ? a pair of stylish winter boots that go with almost anything , yet practical enough to shovel snow in . more skirts / hijabs . my hair to grow back . have a wonderful christmas vacation with my hubby ... when your friends say things like this : for somoone so logical , you're so spacey ... for someone so analytical / intellectual , you lack a lot fo common sense ... for someone so scientific , ... some narcissistic dickheads need to get over themselves and realize that other people have feelings , that other people have pain and that the fucking world isn't all about them stupid selves . i usually prefer to study alone , privately . i listen to fast paced music like rap or trance . i like to read throughly and take extremely detailed notes . some times i draw pictures and diagrams and ... i had a strong magnetic attraction to nt's and a secondary one to nf's . somehow i ended up marrying an sp--don't ask me how that happened ! i feel so upset about that . i hope you find someone better . but then again , i've been in that guy's place and have done the exact same thing . i wondered why i couldn't date them both since i like ... you develop intrapersonal awareness by taking different tests repeatedly over a steady period of time and creating a holistic psychobehavioural model or yourself based on different models of ... you can be extremely emotional and still be a thinker . perhaps that's what you are . i love your intelligent way of explaining it . i grew up with strong logic which i think i had above all . even i think at the age or 5 , 6 or 7 my father would tell me i was very intellectual and ... you seem like an intj who developed a shadow function . from living with my infj father , that's what happened to me . grr ! you can't just tell him ? i know what that feels like . :d ry : haha ok what kind of engineering do you do ? what's going on ? how are you an intp ? that's the way i've been feeling about my ex and a dear friend i almost got engaged to . nothing can replace them , and the only consolations would be to feel their embraces and hear their sweet loving ... i really miss my theoretical physics post-doc friend . we used to have deep conversations on science and religion , we used have an empathic relationship , one that was beautiful and we loved each other ... you are researching the most efficient way to fold your laundry . ( while watching a documentary on physics ) when you want to deeply understand your friends , so you study their personality types and different models of those and then create your own working models of their behaviours . : cool : i did that with my ex . also an intp thing especially . '