' insightful post . but i'll add ... being the enfp that i am ... what you value most is a very personal point of view . its subjective . its an arrogance to assume sole role of judge , jury and ... never said they were :) just didnt work out in my case all in twilight speaks of a profound truth . deep inner happiness is to free your mind from the conditionings and layers of ego and habits . meditation is how you experience this truth . do not believe ... this happens to me all the time ! ! not the confidence in what i feel / believe / think as i often feel very strongly and want to express myself passionately . but i can never quite put it into words and so ... that there are even darker places in my heart and mind . that i'm able to lose all faith and still keep breathing . that i'm not to trust myself or the universe . that i'm safest alone . under 20 ' s julia bell ladybugnat 20 ' s alysaria ayasullivan married an infj ... didn't work hello to those who remember me from when i was a regular to this site in the first half of 2009 : happy : just wanted to say a big thank you and inform you all that i met up with and married ... for me i don't know anymore ... i used to always say that i am in no way afraid to commit , but now wonder if that's because i like the idea of committing , that it fits into my ideals not because i ... no , i don't think so , i'm less e than i used to be though . i guess i just woke up , opened my eyes and observed lots of horrible people : laughing : interesting thread . i'm afraid i doubt i'll have anything significant to say that will help but found it interesting that i too struggle with empathy . i feel for others but often i just , kind ... loving this thread ... tell me how to keep my infj happy for he means the world to me : blushed : ... you have my sympathy err stereotype for enfp ... un-stereotypical ? : crazy : kidding : tongue : - moody - fickle - energetic - fussy - childish interesting : happy : i don't know what ' type ' i morph into but i am calmer and centered when i am introverted , to use your description . i feel more like myself when i am not around anyone .. i am more ... i am similar in that i take on negative emotion and find it hard to shake it even after i am away from the person who i felt it from . if i'm close to someone or care about them deeply i can ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JM8MLJjwT84 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eZU6EDSu8ho http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kHOSEcmZvG8 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-LYyfod-kyY : unsure :d arn it ur so rite ... * attempts to cheer up * .. tomorrow i'll feel better : crazy : edit : i'm tired but i aint done yet .. ps wots an emo kid ? i am grateful that my life ends , that i will not be eternally here .. that i get to go home . tell me bout it : frustrating : working towards a better tomorrow gets old omg ... i love jemaine and brett .. you are now officailly uber fantabulous just by association of said flight of the conchords :p roud : i'm no intp but it's so my humour .. on a serious note this ... wow am totally loving the enfp apprecaition society develoing here :p roud : .. does wonders for my ego , am totally loving the infj's btw .. ( plus am in a relationship with one : cool :) .. they drive me ... same ! i wanted to find people i could relate with and i wanted to discover more about myself ... i voted self discovery . the forum gave me what i wanted and is now a good resource for my work ... 209 loving seeing people's handwriting : happy : yer i tried that , but then the board made my kitchen look scruffy with all the messy writing and random smudges that occured , seeing a messy board on full view is unpleasant and distracting : crazy : ... yes i so agree :p roud : here here ! i feel incredibly healthy being flakey or fickle and enjoy flitting .. adapting .. , moving on when things are stale .. i'm sick of society telling me what traits ... i abhor housework ! ! but i can be very organised at times .. i don't know how that works into my type , but i like lists and working through it , i get satisfaction from completing things , knowing they ... my avatar isn't classic movie star : wink : piss head thread : laughing : hi , you sound like a nice person so i hope you take what i say here in the helpful manner it is intended .. and no doubt all the other advice so far will be helping you see that you need to end this ... i can't even begin to answer that question without first spending hours considering what a child means to me ... what it means to the world at large .. and what ' at heart ' represents to me also .. then ... thankyou ! and i agree on all counts : happy : i'm an enfp in a relationship with a infj and he is ... fantabulous :p roud : it was an all too common occurrance .. still overly wary .. old fashioned or possibly new age ... either way i agree :p roud : it's not so much that i'd change , i'm always me , i cannot be anything but .. its definitely something i realised after , i was never consciously aware of it . i guess when i became so overwhelmed with ... i wish i had a time machine so i could travel to a time before mankind tookover the planet and i could travel freely and see and experience the world in all it's untouched glory .. with no tourists or ... enfp here ... it pains me to relate to this , but relate i do ... : sad : i agree with dls re instant gratification . plus , i don't take it personally if they take time to reply because i take as long as i want to reply ... sometimes i'm busy , like very busy .. sometimes ... you mean if they don't reply within a particular time frame ? or they just don't reply or respond at all ? i obviously like more people than this but these are those that i especailly like for varying reasons ; be that their wonderful posts and / or our chats or just that i sense how interesting i think they ... again you are wrong ! you don't know me , you mistype / misread me often .. it is very tiresome .. you are so very bias in your assessments ... :d ry : er you dont say .. : bored : thanx starry : happy : [ i / enfps who have developed both their nt and sf faces can present a capricious image of contradictions . they can engage in logical dialogue at a conceptual level ( nt ) and ... don't even get me started ! : frustrating : forgot this thought provoker ... yep know what you mean completely .. one of my ex's i came to so disrespect that he literally turned ugy before my eyes ... i couldn't bear to look at him , hug him , ... i love threads like these ! ones whereby straight off i think .. well for me ... .. and then as i read through the posts my mind alters , i think deeper on my original thought and i try to define my ... bearing in mind i was last in school in 1994 , these were my most and least favourite subjects , way back then ... most favourite : - ( in descending order ) drama , english , dance , art , ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V6GXV0FNEeI http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KwM65-ll23s * sigh * : bored : i am not offended and would not suggest this thread belongs in spam , i was merely pointing out the moronic nature of the posts ... implying nem is childish and then to post about penis's in avatar ... : frustrating : .. '