' how does entj react to what may be perceived as rejection ? will one withdraw somewhat to process ? i might have accidentally and stupidly given him the wrong idea and he seems a little different ... - hmm yeah , i do have a strong feeling it was mostly the alone time thing . so i did text him because i didn't want to risk calling him in case he was in a meeting , and you were right ( of course you ... okay i think i will . and i think it should be good to bring it up to clarify and clear the air if he agrees to meet up ? it was kind of not nice imo that there was no update at all , i mean he should ... hahah stand-offish would be quite accurate . true , except that i guess i expected him to at least update me regarding the airport trip , but there was nothing at all . i'm rather tempted to ... honestly i don't think i have the guts to tell him directly , i also prefer if he'd initiate it first . after all , don't entjs want to be in charge most of the time ? haha . so you kind of knew ... if i'd just eff'ed up with this guy . can't figure out if i might have said something wrong , and if i did , which was that ... argh ! intj female most : entj , intj , intp least : esfp , enfp , esfj rofl it's very highly unlikely that i would do something so forward : laughing : how did it start with the two of you if you don't mind me asking ? yeah i agree , if he was too dominant i think it ... thank you for the kind wish : happy : that's true , we do have similar views on r / s , long term plans and goals . last night he was telling me about his staff who seems unable to formulate proper long ... okie cool . i'm just going to go with the flow for now and see how things develop . thanks for your inputs , much appreciated ! :) haha @ the last sentence . okay . he did take me to the airport last week when i was going back to my hometown - he had to wake up at 3am on a working day when he usually wakes up at 8: 30am , is this ... how fast / slow does an entj male usually make a move on a female he's interested in ? i know it varies from one to another , but is it going to be like almost daily contact or weekly ... ? i'm wondering ... socializing . so weird . lol . probably not but based on my observations of co-workers , nts are the straightforward blunt types whereas the twofaced / fakes / backstabbers / gossipers / sycphants are not nts . our team is sort of split up ... intj , backpack disposable latex gloves antiseptic wet wipes normal wet wipes tissues disposable masks tiny bottle of liquid castille soap cellphones powerbank + cable so dangerous . lol . imagine you dropped the sushi ... : eek : ah i am seriously craving for some now ! maybe i'll get up extra early tmr and get some . lol . i myself would love a gibson lp ! a strat would be pretty awesome too ... and a taylor 814ce . and i shall go back to my imaginary world where i own all these and more ... - have a twisted / weird / scary / dark sense of humor ( and ideas ) that seemingly only acceptable by our own kind - blunt and direct , no sugarcoating - hate incompetence and people who exhibit that - ... i think it really depends on the person , but based on the nts i know irl ... probably entp .. but then again , this is because i've yet to see him lose his cool / expresses his frustration in front of ... yeah , he did make a guess . you're right in that it's not something to be mad about and that it was a reasonable guess on his part . but it's the pattern that made me feel annoyed - as much as i was ... if i'm really that cold and insensitive , not just as perceived by others , but really truly that way . cream crackers dipped in coffee . unhealthy , but , meh . yeah , i've heard the patience is a virtue advice for this sort of issue from a couple of my friends too . not really from people much older than me though ( in this case i'm referring to my ... can't imagine how one can walk with an umbrella , chopsticks and food container all in his hands at the same time ... lol . walking into puddles is still less embarrassing than walking into a pothole or ... i am in need of insights / advice , male infps , so please enlighten me if you would . i actually typed a long post earlier but it wouldn't post and now it's gone . ugh . i'll just try to rewrite as ... haha yeah , the list only sways a little bit for me . i still like him despite the cons . i agree with the time and space thing , i think this is what i need , i'm not gonna reach out anymore . if i see ... salmon sashimi . it's been a long while ... steak sounds pretty good too actually . gah i'm hungry but it's raining outside ... why my cognitive function tests always come back sort of funny ... not ' haha ' funny , but you know ... hmm actually i don't know if you know . anyway . watching haven . dried chili . on its own . it's just too good ! yep , i acknowledge that i am human . and trying to accept the fact that it's normal to have these sort of feelings . ugh i hate how un-human i sounded , but well , a new experience , so it is pretty ... haha i'm glad i amused you ! the personal space thing , we both have this thing where we consciously keep everyone at a certain distance away physically . but yeah , we did have those moments when we ... i suppose this may be like my first ' real ' crush , that's why i'm feeling overwhelmed . trying to let it go slowly ... unlike most other females i guess . :p stupid people . stupid people asking stupid obvious / unnecessary / irrelevant questions . people with no manners . people who constantly interrupt when someone else is speaking . cleaning up incompetent ... another phone ... another laptop , netbook maybe ... after all , one can never have ' too many ' gadgets . :p i think i don't flirt . or , don't know how to , more like ... but for some reason ... guys that i don't like in that way ( as in i see them completely as buddies / friends ) sometimes think i like them ... to get inside his head . to understand him , see and hear his thoughts . to see how his thought process occurs . to find all the puzzle pieces and fit them together perfectly . to get inside his heart and ... nothing and everything . yeah pretty extreme hehe . now that i think back about whenever i had my ni telling me things , i always regretted when i chose to ignore cause something bad often happened . taught me to trust ' gut ... how do your friends act differently ? i mean , what is so obvious ? i'm genuinely curious :) and well i guess that sealed it . everyone says i'm intj . hehe . my fe is apparently very underdeveloped , so that will be on my to do list , develop it . edit : thanks for thinking i'm not cold and calculating ! i rarely get that . lol . but when i do care about people , it is genuine , although it does not come that often . i care about family and close ... lol depressing . well , wasn't the first time i've been told that ;) hehe what i meant was , you have some sort of vision and you brush it off only to watch it actually happen soon enough . e . g . one day while i was driving back from out of town with my ex , i had ... someone to talk to . how stupid i was to believe that idiot . how stupid i was to ignore my gut instinct . how stupid i was for not seeing him for whom he really , truly was . how stupid i was . stupid ! ! i desire to be completely rid of this silly resentment . it's of no use , i don't even care about him . just my pride is bruised i suppose . how long it will take until it's my turn . how i thought i didn't care anymore but i still feel resentment inside . how i wish i could talk to someone who's willing to listen and is impartial . because ... '