' - - - background - - - i grew up in a small 600 sq ft apartment with my brother , my mom , my dad , and my grandma ( who eventually developed dementia ) . we were related by blood but i don't believe we were ... yes , i do this a lot . it has always somewhat embarrassed me . i would be listening to someone , and my brain just kind of uncontrollably stops listening for a brief moment ( which always seems to be ... sounds like my behavior when i don't have an interest in someone . unless i feel a click between me and the other person , i usually don't bother forming any kind of bond . in the case of when i'm ... i was this exact same way when i was depressed / gad . i didn't think anything of it at first cause i always had the habit of analyzing interactions between people or with myself but then when i became ... yea , i live in the usa . my video is probably the only real evp known to man ! yes ! i have an evp that my friend and i accidentally recorded ! link : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9bAYekGXSLU this is wonderful . destroyer of worlds infj face ftw that sounds awesome ! especially cause i love the beach . if i want any kind of light in my world , i have to force it to happen . yes , all the time ! the dark room is interesting in the sense that its both infinite and finite . a wall is there only when i need there to be a wall . i also have memories swirl around me when i'm reflecting on multiple ... i've always wondered how other people visualize their mind / inner world and thought i'd ask some of you to share ! when i go inside my head , a physical form that represents my soul ( and looks just ... i've often thought i had adhd but eventually learned to control myself by entering a routine . however , it got extremely bad when i developed gad / chronic depression and started experiencing what ... my reaction when reading this sentence : it does ! yes it does ! ! i swear it does ! ! ! hate may be too strong a word . but they are definitely not happy to see you . = hello everyone , i have recently been reflecting on the differences between dependency and attachment . i've come to realize that i cannot be happy by myself , and i depend on social interactions ... i usually type my notes during class . but then it gets to a point ( roughly 40 minutes later ) where my brain just stops listening and i completely zone out for the rest of the class haha . that's why i ... i want to try using pomodore to enhance my overall attention span . i would like to keep working completely focused for at least 1 hr 30 mins . i think this would be beneficial for my classes since ... this is an interesting reply . i used to do something similar but i could never maintain that level of attention and sensation simultaneously for very long ( maybe less than 2 minutes ) . i'll practice ... i spend too much time in my head . probably like 80 % of my time . its gotten so bad that its really affecting my concentration and productivity . i could be trying to study and then 2-3 minutes later , ... i saw both of these a couple of years ago . they're very good ! anyone have any favorite motivational videos ? share it ! i used to use anime videos of my favorite shows as motivational videos . i like this one right now : ... i can relate . i've felt fine to unhappy , and to the level of depression , 85 % of my life . in my early years , i considered my life an air of melancholy . however , i was rather okay with that . it ... haha , i'm also from northern nj ! jersey city area . people also consider me very warm and friendly . mostly for the same reasons you have listed . no one has ever seen me as cold ( as far as i know ) . i'm also from nj . maybe it's a nj-infj thing haha ... the concept of knowing you are in the middle of falling in love is hard for me to understand . for me , there was no middle experienced . it was just one day feelings are normal , and the next day i ... i feel in love once . i thought it would never happen . now i wish it never had happened . it was the biggest mistake of my life and i'm never letting it happen again . once was enough for me . are any ... cowardly 260554 2605 62 nevermind : thanks to an inferior se and dominant ni combination , infjs can often make predictions that make them seem clairvoyant . though i only realized the source of my psychic powers last year , i've been ... i think telling him the situation with isfj's boyfriend would resolve this too but right now he's in no state of mind to openly listen . also , isfj doesn't want to tell him because of how he's acting . sherlock 4869 we're all 23 . i did take him to a coffee shop to talk . the location was a good choice . it made it much easier for me as well . dug thanks for the replies . i recently finished ... so i recently made a new enfp friend . he and a third female person ( isfj ) became friends not long before i joined their social group . the isfj has a boyfriend who doesn't go to school with us ... haha , i suppose it's because the character i create in my head that represents an infj based on how people perceive them ( serious , mysterious , sometimes cold , etc ) didn't match how i viewed myself ... i guess its just that i don't think i'm as serious as everyone thinks infj are lol . i've met two infjs and both of them were also pretty serious people . also , for socionics , i got iei ( infp ) , not ... i feel like i'm unlike infjs . whenever i read about how someone perceives an infj , it never really fits me . here is me : i ’ m always greeting people with a smile . i consider myself very friendly and ... i've been called someone's truest friend or truest best friend by at least 4 people , which is a lot for me . i wonder if this is a typical title granted onto infjs by others or if its just a ... hahaha . i think i get this sick pleasure from scaring people . i just love seeing the look of terror on their face . granted , i don't do it every minute of the day but if the opportunity arrives , i ... i'm not sure if this is an infj thing , but for some reason , i love seeing emotional responses from people . i love watching people get scared and / or scaring them myself . this kind of sucks for my ... just out of curiosity , how many people have you door slammed / houdini'd ? i'd say i've done it to about 13 people , and i'm 23 . my best roommate in college was infp . we would have a blast together . * sigh * miss those times = haha , yea i agree . i'm a scientist so experimental confirmation has been ingrained into me . my grad school example is actually a true story btw for a long time , i've wondered if i had some sort of psychic ability . there are times were i seem to know the unknowable primarily because i can “ feel ” something has happened . for example , i feel ... well , i guess it could be if you think about it from a conscious mind point of view . however , pattern recognition is more of a subconscious activity for infjs . so basically it's what the subconscious ... hey ! that reminds me of ... i had the exact same experience with my professors ! in fact , i think that was what kept me away from a's . same with speaking too . i need ample time to prepare and organize what i want to say . public ... do you remember how you felt when you first realized you were infj ? and by that i mean when you understood what infjs are like and realized you are an infj . i remember it was basically an epiphany ... would you consider yourself to have good writing / speaking skills ? a lot of what i've read online indicates that infjs are naturally good writers and / or speakers . however , i think my writing sucks ! ... i have an infp friend who said the same thing about his childhood ( being alone and going against others ) but i would have never considered that as an option as a child . i felt too outcasted already ... hello everyone , i believe i might have done something interesting with my personality type and wished to share my thoughts with this community . i believe i might have changed my personalities type ... '