' leonard nimoy's passing . i read about it during a work break and had to take myself to the restroom for quiet sobbing time . : sad : i care that i like myself first and foremost . everyone else tends to shake out from there just fine . either they like me for who i am or they don't . for the latter , our personalities / work ethics ... i enjoy visiting japan for fun but would never live / work there . while the aesthetics and certain conveniences are appealing , the japanese culture as a whole is not particularly conducive to ... my boss and i were brainstorming - boss threw out some suggestions while getting a little more excited each time . i nod and verbally agree with some , then noticed the look directed at me . boss : ... http://s3-ak.buzzfeed.com/static/campaign_images/webdr06/2013/7/31/20/one-direction-best-song-ever-parody-worst-date-ev-1-16743-1375316296-23_big.jpg may make it true for you . doesn't for everyone . peanut butter what i appreciate in others in a workplace setting is them getting their jobs done efficiently , well , and in a timely manner with no whining and a minimum of socialization which basically wastes ... most recently ... thinkgeek . i had to cut myself off . : bored : others include ( d ) betsey johnson , thrift stores , nordstrom , mom & pop shops , ruelala , ideeli , gilt , macys . chuck williams studio solves that problem : authentic 66 ' batman utility belt by williamsstudio 2 on etsy type c . http://images.amazon.com/images/P/1416508988.01.LZZZ.jpg sentient battle tanks ! ! ! love this series - literally had to take the book to bed with me last night . since i didn't read it in ... i need to get back into it as i always felt physically relaxed and mentally refreshed after . have taken classes in various styles and liked them all - bikram and vinyasa really synced with me ... efficient intjs are too efficient . they set a bad example for others around them . beer-braised oxtails with carrots and mushrooms . sorta looked like this : http://www.deliciousmagazine.co.uk/images/recipes/4773/4773_3_380.jpg going back to sherlock ... by type definition , istjs value and conforms to traditions and rules of society and disapproves of those that do not . intjs only do so if it makes sense to them , not ... i've matured over the years to become a more well-rounded person . that is , i've learned better how to filter myself to decrease the amount of foot-in-mouth spewing that used to come out which has ... cognitive process level of development ( preference , skill and frequency of use ) extraverted sensing ( se ) * * * ( 26.6 ) average use introverted sensing ( si ) you believe what sherlock does is just a job . from his behavior , actions and words , he sees it as him , his life . it is who he is and wants to be . sherlock conducts scientific experiments on and ... north and south by elizabeth cleghorn gaskell . i love project gutenberg and the people who make it possible . 1 . the rapist isn't a masked stranger . approximately 2/3 of rapes are committed by someone known to the victim . 2 . 65 % of offenders were non-strangers . fbi crime statistics 2009 : table 27 and ... omgomgomgomgomg ! ! ! a world first ! success at complete quantum teleportation http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f5vOfr1dl4o ah , i feel like i need to lie down and close my eyes . too many fluctuating emotions hitting me , and it's making me feel dizzy and headachy . blergh . : crying : quoted as it bears repeating . ugh , stop trying to bring other people in to pressure me into talking to you . that isn't how i work . you doing this just makes me not want to even more . nasa ladee mission launch this conversation demands ! : kitteh : no , i'm just realistic and understand that women aren't submissive by nature and that a woman is still a woman when she's of a neutral or dominant nature . that when a woman is dominant it is not ... * gasp * you cut off all your long red hair ! : tongue : no . just no to your sexism . : giving him an instruction manual might be the best way if he shows interest in doing this . perhaps something like sm 101 : a realistic introduction or the loving ... http://img.gawkerassets.com/img/18yhje0oj6087png/original.png : laughing : barbra streisand on lady gaga : [ / font ] [ / color ] corrected . : wink : not wrong at all . your roommate is trying to take advantage of you even if she doesn't view it that way herself ( of course , why would she ? that would require self-reflection , which is much more ... i'm an introvert but that hasn't stopped me from approaching guys that i like , and several long-term relationships have come from my efforts . for me , if i like you romantically , i will make it known ... i enjoyed school for being able to get out of the house , have free run of the library , experience orchestral music , hang out with the teachers , learn from classes , do club activities and sports ... why yes , virginia , there are such things as stupid questions . :d ry : congrats , swede ! you're now officially a robot ^ 2 . ;) trimethylxanthine , hfcs , sucrose . the first doesn't really affect me . i cut out the second one a while back . the last though , when i'm not careful ... highs and lows . highs and lows .   ... no option for this so will comment here instead : i use both mac os x and windows 7 ( in xp mode ) . didn't mean to give you such a shock . ^ ^ dressing nicely is certainly an area of fun for me and certain fabrics feel so much better against the skin . you should try some on if you're so inclined . :) ... aww , i am happy to share the trophy with you , swede . thank you and flaviagemina ~ : blushed : lol . who the heck knew ? i surely didn't . [ / i ] swede , nooo ~ whyyy ? also , i have a new favorite dream that i just saw last night . wrote about it in a different thread . if only i could lucid dream . i would so very much like to go back into ... , sci-fi dreams are so much fun . do you recall if your spaceships and planes are based off of the type of machinery we have now or do they play around with ( earth ) physical laws ? did ... whoa , whoa , whoa ... , forget what i said before . i have a new favorite dream that i experienced last night . i dreamed about the doctor and river song bending time and space all ... deathmint : hopefully you haven't had any in some time and won't in the future ~ one of my favorite dreams was where i was in a 1st and 3rd person perspective flying overhead watching / experiencing a ... yay ! dreamers unite . what has been your favorite dream so far ? : kitteh : ( though i could have really done without the dream where my cousin and i had to jump out of a window to flee ... what you're describing does not compute as unhealthy to me at this point in your life . if you're really worried , use the m & m method . masturbate and meditate . obviously okay to do even without ... and here i am wishing i were snoozing away in lala land . : laughing : i love to sleep . some of the dreams i have are better than watching movies . '