' idk let me try . lying by omission isn't lying ... we're all a little introverted , we all need alone time ! if someone needs time alone , give it to them . they'll be a lot happier . cocaine https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tZ8W-aq6Yko ow ! save some for the rest of us ! ( me to a rather large woman at the golden corral ) stfu you're really earning your cookie . i find myself giving advice all the time ! i don't think it's just an infj thing . i think anyone can give advice ! the worst pain i ever felt was shingles ( only time i've ever considered suicide . ) what about ya'll ? i'm korean , irish , italian , german , cherokee indian . people aren't sure what to stereotype . D: teenagers - my chemical romance like a porcupine ? intj women are the same as all women ! treat them with love , attention , honesty , and not overly aggressive affection ! why does it matter ? getting hit on by a girl i am not attracted to is uncomfortable , but being hit on by a dude who plays for the pink team is much more uncomfortable . it's a simple matter of ... thank you . i had enough stupid for one day . how ? i want to block this blueberry . he's totally blowing my mind with his nonsense . i would feel much safer inviting a woman over to my house to drop off the wallet then a strange man . i didn't like the vibes he was giving on the phone . and sure enough a day after i stood him up ... get over yourself dude . no one is going to read all of that . for your information i haven't gotten high once in the last 30 minutes . killing blueberrrys . what's a joint have to do with it boy-o ? sorry i didn't have my wheaties this morning so i'm a little ansy . the gay dude calls them sweeties . i get to see my daughter in a week ! ^ . ^ she's the happiest thing you'll ever find . i still have no idea how matt danger could produce something so perfect <3 i'm not hating on gay people at all . ya'll petty ! ! ! he told me how he was into my voice . i was going to hit him . i type in all caps at the end of my profound post , my names littledicky and unoriginal should listen to me . i'm aware of that ! oh my god give me a revolver so i can blow my head off ! ! i get it not all gay men do this . each post is verbatim what the last said , it's a tired theme . i don't hate the dude for ... this has nothing to do with personality types . this has to do with poor matt danger ( me ) getting sexually harassed by another man . sadface this is bananas you're missing the point - . - . it looked weird lol . it looked like a piece of bacon with a toenail strapped to it > . > ya'll petty ! he threw it away :/ dude he sent the pic and then apologized for it . that he was drunk and confused . idk what else to think ? i'm not conceited . maybe he's into average height half asian men ? idk i spent my whole day with my mouth wrapped around a big black cake no one likes a hero . pc isn't fun to troll on . runescape / yahoo answers <--- my shit nigga i'm lost huh ? i know exactly what violation is . i'm being hit on by someone i don't want to be hit on , and having harassing texts sent to me . yes obviously ... i'm sexually drawn to women not men . i have nothing against gay men . i don't necessarily understand them . first of what the fuck is typecasting ? this has 0 to do with the wallet at all , and everything to do with the fact i was violated and sexually harassed by a man ! i'm 5 ' 9 and 150 lbs . i'm pretty average i guess ? i have never felt so violated before ... i lost my wallet at the grocery store and the person who found it reached out to me on facebook . he seemed like a really cool dude just trying to do a good ... herro i'm comfortable in my own skin . i took my profile picture naked . contacts are a means of allowing me to function in daily life . i just happen to prefer the blue ones . no one is arguing , mr . conflict . she can put her big girl pants on and deal with it ! they make me happy ! they're not hurting anyone . pretty fucking awesome i bet . what's wrong with half life ? you're just a hater . '