' thanks to all you guys , i really thought i was alone in this . it feels so good that someone else understands the struggles you have with others . i will take your advice and not give my attention to ... i'm 22 years old and i just transferred to a new college in dc . luckily i have an aunt who lives in dc with her husband and two kids . they have a nice townhouse and allowed me to have the guest ... all the nts , i really wanted to get a good outlook on this , intjs and intps give great advice to me . lol ... yes i do . in a way , it's scary to know you know so much about me without ever speaking to me . tell me about it . i have too many stories not enough time to type them all . good tip . thanks for sharing and you made me laugh as i agree . thanks i need to hear that . entps don't seem to agree with me , and i only got one intj who experiences the same thing . thanks , i need to hear and know i was not alone in this world on that one . i posted the same thing in the entps forum and they believe i am trying to control my friends . i only want what is good for ... i am only trying to help them , i know what is best for me and them . i have been around these guys for almost 2 years , i can almost always read what they are thinking and know what they want out of ... i'm sorry you feel that way , however please don't make it seem as if i am a bad person . i was in no way trying to offend anyone with my opinions i just simply want advice on how to handle this ... what is that suppose to mean ? i hate to admit it but you are right . i just don't want to be seen as the bossy asshole . i am so much more than that , they need to realize i know what is best for them and if i don't i'll research it . what does that mean ? so , i have quite a few friends who are feelers and i hate listening to their problems and giving them advice for the simple fact that they'll either get offend or will not listen . i even go as far as ... so , i have quite a few friends who are feelers and i hate listening to their problems and giving them advice for the simple fact that they'll either get offend or will not listen . i even go as far as ... so , i have quite a few friends who are feelers and i hate listening to their problems and giving them advice for the simple fact that they'll either get offend or will not listen . i even go as far as ... so , i have quite a few friends who are feelers and i hate listening to their problems and giving them advice for the simple fact that they'll either get offend or will not listen . i even go as far as ... think of jesus of nazareth , barack obama , abraham lincoln , john paul ii . they are the reformers in the world who for the most part . what makes an entp woman different from all other ? ( include all common pros of cons of her please ) what are enfp women like ? ( please give great detail as to how she would commonly dress , care herself , what she would like about a guy , her more than likely life goals ) someone who is extremely intelligent and is very passionate about something that i consider to matter in life . it was still good advice thanks well thanks guys for the advice , it was really helpful i talked to josh after midweek service in our church cafe and he apologized as did i for things that were spoken and came to a common ground . i ... thanks guys i actually will be seeing this guy again in half an hour and will take some of the great advice mentioned above . wish me luck we are both males , he has a girlfriend and being gay at my church is not necessary a good thing i attend this christian bible group every tuesday , and recently i have had some issues with this guy name josh ( who's an intj ) . basically in group discussions he undermines everything i say or ... i am currently a college student and have read a couple of blogs and articles online about what careers are great for entjs . i like some of the jobs that were listed but don't know if i would be ... well said ... i can't think of another way to say it and you made the home run . i agree 100 % to what humility said . best of luck ... 1 . enfj 2 . infp 3 . entj i thank you for your opinion however finding this girl and apologizing is just not going to happen . on the next date i will take the advice of what was said here , some was very helpful and continue ... i hate to be a cliche but i seriously felt nothing and it was alot going on with this video . lol typo thanks i think you are right as far as empathy but being honest sometimes i don't understand why people do some of the shit they do , and if i don't understand it i don't care enough to understand it . it's ... i so say france , i love france i've only been to paris twice but it is amazing , not to mention the culture , history , and amazing language . i was suppose to be a frenchmen i love the way intps think , my bestfriend is an intp . i asked him what he would do if he won the lottery his answer was give it all to charity and keep some for a house and other basic needs . best ... i took the test once more and i got entj . no madam majority of my nice life is in the wonderful city of dallas with trips all over the northeast . the texas stereotype is for those nasty savages in south texas , i don't think i have an inordinate amount of self-esteem and arrogance . some people do think so . at least i feel i can see where they're coming from before i decided not to change . [ / quote ] okay ... thanks for your opinion and i somewhat agree with you . however , i don't consider this to be rude i mean i really wanted to help this girl and being rude by definition according to webster is as ... read over the comments everyone is saying i'm an inconsiderate asshole . i'm not . i used the analogy to communicate that there's nothing wrong with hearing truth it doesn't make you a bad person to ... and yet , the point still remains - - the world doesn't tolerate unfiltered opinions and you have to adjust to that sooner or later . there's a line of what is acceptable in society . you seem to have ... how can you say that ? are you sure you are an entj because you're not relating to me at all . i am not being a kid . i expect everyone i talk to , to be the best they can be or don't talk to me this is ... welcome to the city , more people more problems more attitudes > why do you consider yourself rude ? can you not read i only want entj to respond . please never comment on my post again fuck off you sound like a complete idiot why should i give anything to this guy if he's likely to make me feel bad for doing so , why couldn't ( you ) just say thanks and not use ? if i don't want it , ... whatever , you don't know me and have no right to tell me what i need fuck off seriously . thanks for the advice it was very helpful ... i must admit i would tell the person who brought an awful gift why did you buy this awful gift ? is that what you think of me ? i can't help it , i must say ... okay so i am a entj , at the church i attend there is this guy named josh who says he is a intj . i can agree because he fits all the descriptions online about intjs . me and josh don't get along ... '