i would say ixxp are likely to enjoy sport and working out , though of course there are exceptions :) personally , i've gotten really into running and lifting at uni ! aztec ? nice haha , though i'm not sure they count as ancient :p most people i know would be really surprised if they found out i'm actually introverted haha , i tend to be really talkative among friends . i also get the whole ' oh , you're so nice and upbeat all the ... me and enfp's normally get on really well , but i guess that's to be expected haha haha i don't know , i think it would make me feel quite uncomfortable . how rich are we talking here ? :p personally , my dream job would be one where i really make a positive difference to the world while making a good wage at the same time . i'd hate to be super rich , but i'd like to be quite well off =) i'm a mix of healer and dreamer =) personally , while i love going out i prefer going to bars / parties rather than clubs . i mean , then you actually get to talk to people / make new friends which for me is the whole point :p i really ... haha yeah , i was half asleep when i wrote that . putting those five in the same post is cruel to the kim family . agreed , even us infp's have plenty of skeletons in our closet haha . i would argue that in a way it's important to type these guys partly to remind ourselves that they were human as well and so'd ... i'd agree , i feel like an old soul sometimes but i'm also definetly a kid at heart . it can get quite confusing sometimes haha haha , i wouldn't say i am at all anymore . i used to be weird in an artistic way if that makes sense ? i was a little bit of an emo when i was a teenager haha , but i'd say i've matured last that now . ... honestly man , i'm not sure how old you are but it gets better / you get better . we kind of learn to toughen up and recognise our strengths . over the past year or so , i've noticed i'm incredibly ... enfp or entp , definetly haha . the ones i know are all amazing people =) personally , i think as we get older we can become very thick skinned . it's almost impossible to insult me now haha , though when i was younger it didn't take much . however , most people's impression ... i think it's hard to type a lot of these characters since they're all just so messed up . levi , mikasa and eren in particular . it's funny , cause i'd say my personality as a kid was half butters , half kyle . they're both nfp's i think , though butters is painfully naive and awkward compared to kyle . kyle : enfp / infp ... i'd say introverts in general , since i'm quite loud and outgoing for an introvert so i try and encourage other introverts to do the same , and stick up for them if my extroverted friends make comments ... the isfp's i know are definetly some of the most extroverted introverts i know , honestly i'm really jealous of you guys because of that . my isfp friends are some of the coolest people i know , you ... to be fair man , a lot of girls are touchy about the subject of going to the gym / weight loss , although it's usually the introverts , most extroverts know to laugh it off . or at least infp's who usually make an effort to be social , i know how hard it can be to get out of our heads hahaha . i always try to be extroverted as possible around people and be as social as ... enfp's make me jealous , but they can also make me quite glad i'm a introvert . they do everything i can socially only with much less effort and with a wider group of people , but on the other hand i ... nagato from naruto is a good example of an infp villian . usually infp villians are incredibly tragic , since they started off loving people but were pushed past that point . that's true for a lot of nf ... the way i work is i definetly come across as an extrovert in most situations unless they're too hectic / nosy / busy . in the restaurant where i work i seem really introverted because so much is going on ... as an infp who acts extroverted / worked hard to come across as more extroverted i get the same thing , people seem to think i act like i have no troubles / worries at all . some people love it , others ... i'm an athiest , purely because i think humans by themselves should be good enough to make the right decisions without blackmail by some omnipotent spirit :p haha yeah , i'm a total night owl , although i don't wake up that late in the mornings , i think i just go without sleep really :p ahaha yes , definitely ! i think i might even have a hero complex tbh : l ever since i was little , any job i wanted to do has been involved in saving lives / helping people in some way , such as being a ... it's especially funny because infp and real estj's can get on well in real life : l everyone becomes more s and more e . i act enfp i think =) i agree completely , as an infp guy with an entj dad i think he encouraged me to develop extremely well . i've noticed i'm a lot more rounded than a lot of infp's i meet , more outgoing and a little ... i like infj's a lot , and i'm actually pretty envious of you guys , i want your fe-se . i've also noticed some infj's - and not to be a dick to the guys here but i've seen this more in the girls - can ... as a scottish infp i'm torn , but i think no wins out just . yeah , i can get excited over the possibilities of an independant scotland and i want to take that leap , but logically in this economy it's ... i've never really understood the whole ' infp's are the outcasts of mbti ' mentality . i'm sure some are , but you get outcasts of every type , although yes , some are more likely to get that way . other ... i think i can be , but i try to spend a lot of time around people so it isn't that noticeable anymore :p yeah i felt like that as well - i work in tgi fridays as a student job and the place is swarming with enfp's and esfp's . i used to wonder why i wasn't as outgoing as them and used to get really angry ... for the longest time i thought i was an enfp , but now as i'm getting older i'm starting to realise i'm actually introverted . if i'm in smaller groups or in a situation i feel comfortable in i can be ... i'm enfp / infp and i love wolves :D a few fictional werewolves are infp too ... lupin from harry potter and jordan from mortal instruments if anyone's read those =) the hilarious lack of social skills :p i have a love / hate relationship with estp's , sometimes we get along great but sometimes we clash and you said we compete for the same spot socially . though i think enfp / estp are more similar than ... i agree with this actually . a lot of us , myself included occasionally tend to seem like istp's which is why i get on so well with them i think . we're both awesome types so who cares ? :p most actual spies would be esxp types , surely . the controllers would probably be either extj or something . come on guys , n's aren't the best at everything . it's a stereotype n's aren't as athletic ... 1 . enfp 2 . several times actually , turned it to my advantage too when the dream was some psycho was trying to kill me or something > . < 3 . i know i usually have at least a couple a night 4 . yeah , ... enfp 6/7 =) i was on the popular end of the middle kids i think the dalai lama's an istp =) despite the stereotype's , a lot of the ones i've met can actually be very warm when they want to be . pope francis is definetly an xnfp oh boo fucking hoo . you should still be able to talk and get on with most of them if you're any good socially . people who only want to talk be friends with certain types are gonna find it very hard ... this is seriously one of the cutest things i've ever seen eh , i used to play but not anymore really =) yeah , i actually find esfj's are one of the more introverted extroverts =)