' i'm still trying to figure out how i attract people . i don't know how i do it , i just do . there just seem to be some kinds of people who become irrevocably attracted to me , but i can't figure our the ... - i'm considering an artistic career . - i can be very social sometimes . - a times i am very expressive . - i don't plan ahead . i'm messy and spontaneous . - feeling feelings - cute guys showing interest in me ( always takes me completely by surprise ) - really clever comebacks - people who understand my obscure sg1 quotes the first time i say them ... a hollow book box . seriously . how to make a hollow book ( with video ) - wikihow i would laugh manically and declare , no ! i can never truly be defeated ! and then i would explode in a burst of flames and colorful sparks . oh yes . i'm going out with a bang . : cool : no . intjs can do much better than that . i don't rememberd if i posted in this thread already or not , but : sleek , all-black outfits . ( yeah , i know , the all black thing's a shocker . ) comfy but nice black pants , neat black t-shirt , belt , ... ooooh , yes . especially when they won't stop talking to me when i'm giving off vibes that would roast anyone with the intelligent to pick them up . i can echo the sentiments of ... okay , so we're all a little biased ... it's entirley possible that she is an infj . i voted for intj because i ' ve seen more intjs who express their fi than infjs who express their ti ( for girls at ... judging from your answers , i would say that you are definitely an intj , perhaps with high fi . you said you like efficiency and that you value rationality , both traits found in intj's more than infj's ... you lack ambition . what makes me happy ? ... search : define happy searching ... no results in databanks . search : past experiences of happy searching history ... error ... error : happy does not ... you know you're an intj when a guy hitting on you says you're cute and your response is so what ? ( that guy was annoying . ) hmmm ... what is starcraft ? my best friend is an infj . we get along very well . from the outside , i think our relationship looks emotionless , but it's not really . we're both very secretive and intense . science fiction with all sorts of quirky nt characters whipping the bad guys with their brains . and the occasional istp to give a one-liner to disturb the nt's perfect rythym . oh wait ... they already ... spring : spring makes me nervous . it's volatile and unstable , and i can always smell summer coming ( not good in my book ) . plus there's the added frenzy and stress of finals and end-of-year assignments ... ... what kind of a villian would you be ? ^ was world domination involved ? i voted a 5 . my dad and i are both intj's , which means that being close involves playing hours of original trilogy collector's edition star wars trivial pursuit . it's his fault i'm a trekkie , too . my current plan requires : 1 . government funding 2 . all cumulative , up-to-date knowledge on nanotechnology , as well as neurology 3 . a false epidemic of a false disease as for all the other ... i thought of something ; if this isn't girly i don't know what is : feminism . i'm looking for some books on it , but i seem to be having some difficulties in making it to the library . :d ry : lightsaber . in purple . an intj sleepover ? that's such a novel , mind-boggling idea , it's almost an oxymoron . i'd like to see that . what would we intj females do ? discuss physics ? watch old star trek episodes ? compare world ... girly ? * confused intj is confused * i'm not sure what girly is . here's an artist i love ( my profile pic is by her ) . i don't know if this counts as girly , but i think her work could be ... i do this all the time - totally zone out or just stare into space . my brain's kind of tangential . i'll just be paying attention and then , oh look ! an interesting thought . then i'll follow it around ... i get depressed when i realize i've made an error somewhere in my analysis of something , or when i fail to live up to my own expectations of myself . both of which are continually happening , leaving ... both at once ! i like what radzell said : is there a difference ? i think the world incorrectly views art and science as being two completely separate ways , but i see them as being so closely ... oh ! yes . sorry , it completely slipped my mind . it was george , speaking to lennie . but where's the hope in george having to kill lennie ? i think it's also about the way the great depression ... background : i missed an in-class assignment in school , and since it was a text discussion , it's a little hard to make up . so my teacher told me i could post it on a forum for discussion and then ... that wolf is the intj . that bear ... the enfp ? i'm going to assume that you mean reading for pleasure . i like dark , creepy , quirky fantasy , stuff that makes normal people have amusing reactions . i also like science fiction , especially ... cats . especially black cats . i'm doing some research into science fiction . since all literature is ultimately subjective , do you think science fiction was better in the earlier decades or is it better now ? where do you think the ... what kind of tattoos do you have ? as for convention , i don't think any intj's actually care about that . they just do their own thing . my sense of humor is morbid , dry , cynical , and usually has some kind of questionable double-meaning ( which most people don't get ) . one incident that springs to mind is the time my mother wanted to ... i want a pair of wings ( either feathery or leathery ) , spreading across the back of my shoulders , and between them the words contra mundum , which is latin for against the world . i really think it ... hugs ? oh , the horror ! * twitch twitch * no ! haven ’ t you ever the humanoids ? it was popular in the 1950 ’ s ( i think ) . it ’ s a good book . a guy name mansfield did this exactly , and it ended badly . their prime directive killed freedom and ... ha ! * snorts derisively * who said anything about nuclear missiles ? we ’ re much more subtle than that . if an intj did take over the world , you wouldn ’ t even know it . yes . i ’ ve considered that ... ooooh reeaallly ? power ? do tell ... we're not hiding ; we're just naturally drawn to places where extroverts don't go - like libraries . okay , maybe we are hiding - sometimes . it's just that society is so loud and annoying and expects ... i love tattoos . i really want wings tattooed on my back - the ideal place for a tattooed , to be exposed or covered at will . i'm not yet sure if i want feathery or leathery wings , but i want them ... http://1.bp.blogspot.com/_3hyaG4pNj4Q/Sr6vXeTTemI/AAALQ/vptqeCcnn4s/s400/intp%20poster3.jpg the key to learning to socialize is being able to access your recessive functions ( especially the spontaneous function , i think ) . which is easier said than done . i hate to socialize ... i don't really see eye to eye with them , but there are some similarities between us . both types seem to be coolly cynical and very kick-ass , but the istp's let things be while the intj's analyze ... reality is the pawn of ideas . it's easy to think outside the box if you were never in the box anyway . just movies ? what about tv shows ? they're more like echoes of emotions , pale shadows in comparison , and i find them fading as i grow older . i'm sure they're still lurking somewhere in here , though . aren't they ? they're so buried ... you have to look at the other person's elbow . it works . honest . '