' my love language is quality time . so while i don't necessarily expect regular quality time with casual friends , i do expect that out of my close friends and i definitely expect it from a lover ... my very best friend is an intp . we've been best friends since 2nd grade and we're now almost 30 . she's more like my sister . but i think it's because we've grown up together , that we really know how ... my boyfriend is an istp . we are six months in and it has been really good since we have a lot of the same hobbies , and he is a good man , and we have strengths that really do compliment each other ... 1 . small talk . if i just meet you and want to be your friend , i want to skip the month's worth of so , where were you born ? what's your favorite restaurant ? blablabla . i just want to skip to the ... i have a confession to make . i farted in class , and let my 9th grade students blame each other . i care what i wear , but i don't always follow the latest fashion trends . i like things to be a little bit whimsical . i like natural fivers and organic looking shapes , i don't like things that look ... i'd prefer face-to-face communication , or i will call . i feel like a lot of information gets lost when you communicate with just texting , and so many people rely on texting or hide behind it to ... i'm an isfp and i hate casual sex or short term dating . i prefer to be either single or committed . also don't like shopping for the latest fashion trends . i don't follow fashion trends , and i'd ... elephants . 1 . elephants are family-oriented . a matriarch controls each and every elephant herd ; they adhere very strictly to this family unit . 2 . they recognize themselves in the mirror . they ... i will take it once and awhile if i'm feeling stressed out to help me sleep . but i only take it on a friday or saturday night when i know i can turn off my alarm and allow my body to wake up ... depends on the tasks you're being assigned . even a fast food restaurant can have a professional atmosphere , it can manifest itself in being courteous to customers , keeping things clean and running ... yikes , we're not an exclusive club , haha . the reason why mbti can work is because no one is strictly limited to a specific type ... different rooms in a house , and you can travel to different rooms , ... yes . i teach high school and have to be a leader for my students . it isn't a natural role for me , and my first 3 years of teaching were brutal . it took a while and i had to learn the skills needed to ... i'm 27 - - once or twice a week . with small groups of friends and / or coworkers . i hover between i / e though . when i was younger , i went out less . i'm becoming more extroverted with age , possibly because ... i only have one friend who is an istj . we get along well because we enjoy doing a lot of the same stuff . he wanted to date me for the longest time before realizing it just wouldn't work , ahaha ... he ... . when people are on their phones while with company . to me this says i'd much rather talk to the people on my phone versus talking with the people who are actually present . my friends are actually ... i used to think i was an infp for the longest time , because both my parents are ns . but , as i moved out and became my own person it was very clear that i've always been an s . the difference was ... that sounds a lot like me . when i really have strong feelings for someone , my actions are determined by whether or not i sense they feel the same way about me . if i sense that it is unrequited , i ... it depends on the situation and how comfortable i am with the other people . for example , at my schools holiday staff party , i stayed mostly quiet . it's not that i'm not participating , i just prefer ... usually yes , it depends on what is done . if a so ever becomes physically abusive or cheats on me , he's gone . no second chances . i'm not enabling those choices . for arguments , those are simple , i give ... usually when out and about with friends , i dress like a hippie with fair trade colorful things like agan traders and global mamas ... but , this is my typical wear now , since i spend most of my day ... i've dated two istp's . one when i was very young ( 19 ) and it didn't work out because i was too emotionally immature and needed someone who could validate my feelings . i was insecure , and he was not ... possibly intp tmlt skip / frolic in public . i like anything that tells a good story and makes me feel something . i've just finished reading a few books by sherman alexie , which i loved because his writing made me laugh and cry at the same ... i have a few friends who are female intjs and we get along swimmingly and have the best conversations . but i've dated two , and both times it turned out disastrously . i often have a hard time ... i can relate . our culture today highly values efficiency and an industrious work ethic . isfp's are slow-moving creatures who like to chew on things for awhile , and often we get pegged as lazy ... mikazaki movies . i just love the artistry that goes into hand-drawn animation like this . there is something about the fact that a human hand crafted this with traditional methods . i can see the ... oh , i feel ya . i'm a teacher and it's so difficult for me to assign grades . i hate grading , especially since it's fine arts that i teach . how can you assign a quantity or number to art ? how can you ... she's an intp . we've been best friends since 2nd grade and we're 26/27 now , so she's more like my sister than anything . only 7 parents signed up to see me for parent / teacher conferences ( the only time i'm okay with parents not taking art seriously as a subject ) but i still had to be there for 3 hours . so i drew this ... i was bored during parent / teacher conferences . i had to sit there , but only had 7 parents show up to my booth because i'm just the art teacher . so i made this instead , i'm not finished with it yet , ... i was raking my yard the other day and found this giant oak leaf . i measured it , it was a foot long . then i ironed it out and framed it . 428698 if you read the books it's a bit more obvious because it's written from harry's perspective and you can read what's going on in his noggin . i would think he's either isfp as well , or istp ( it's kind ... with little crushes i tend to run hot and cold . one week i'll like the man , the next week he's off my radar , and then back again ... if i have deep feelings for a man , i will not make a move ... i will ... my dad's an isfj ... it's a very long story , but here are a few contributing factors : 1 . he had a stroke two years ago . he still hasn't quite regained all his strength . 2 . he's just hit 60 , and is ... i felt like that all last year ! ! ! i still feel like this sometimes . brain fog i call it . i found out it was because i was basically running anemic , because i went to donate blood and couldn't ... 1 . yeah , this sounds quite familiar :) 2 . growth . i love seeing things grow and change . i work as a teacher , because i love watching my students grow as artists . i love to garden , because i love ... i thought i was an infp for the longest time . i guess one of the biggest telling clues is that isfps tend to be very concrete thinkers . even in my art , i have a hard time breaking away into abstract ... when i experience something really negative , i will usually give myself a time limit for how long i can wallow . it's okay to feel sad when bad things happen . if you try and stifle your feelings you ... who put a stick up your ass ? first off , mbti is not a definitive answer to everything . it's just something fun and interesting to think about , how everyone sees and interacts with the world a little ... sp with add and i am a teacher . i can confirm this . although i never struggled with hyperactivity , i do find i can connect more easily with students who have attention problems . it also helps them ... isfp with add diagnosis . never struggled with the h . i've gotten better with managing it as i've gotten older , but it's still a struggle particularly when my students are acting squirrelly ( half of ... i thought it was just me ! i definitely have this problem . my problem is that i tend to go for what is in front of me at the moment . i have a hard time with online dating , because it just doesn't ... girls are people too . they have anxieties and fears just like you do . when talking to a girl , you are talking to someone who has stories from her childhood , who has good days and bad days , who has ... the reason i went into art education instead of freelance art is , even as a freelance artist , in order to make a profit you still have to make what other people want . there are two kinds of art : art ... i don't think gender has anything to do with how good a person is as a leader . i've had an even split of female and male bosses . females : first one was okay . second one was mean and nasty . we ... if i am stressed out , my f just kind of takes over and i'm incapable of making rational decisions . i go into avoidance mode . i get all emotional and overwhelmed and i won't know what to do . i don't ... i'm not much of a poet either . i'm a very concrete , hands-on artist , and poetry is something that is often very metaphorical . i do enjoy poetry though . i love robert frost and edna st . vincent millay . i will answer by quoting one of the wisest fictional characters of all time . x93many that live deserve death . and some that die deserve life . can you give it to them ? then do not be too eager to ... '