' i've driven off-road since i was about 12 or so ... i grew up in the sierra nevada mountains , so we went wood cutting every year for fire wood for the winter , fond memories of those days ... =) so , ... water ... i'd want to keep water for sure ... i mean , it's a key component to so much beauty ... waterfalls , mist , rain , splashes and drips , mud puddles , lakes , rivers , rain , clouds , snow , ice , and rain ... hints tired , chaos , headache .. too much work > . < those of you that have never been drunk , believe me ... you're not missing anything ... i can't think of anything i've ever done drunk that wouldn't have been more fun slightly buzzed or sober ... but i ... i really only isolate myself when i really just don't want to be around people ... the underlying reason could be just about anything from just being mad at the world to stress to too much contact or ... rofl it looks like the pig character from one of those kid cartoons that has farm animals in it ... don't remember the name though ... i'll prolly remember the name at some completely random time in ... i hate war , but people can't seem to figure out how to make peace without fighting over it ... so we fight ... kinda seems stupid to me ... i will gladly fight to protect the people i love ... though ... life is not a box of chocolates ... it's more like a flea market ... some times you find exactly what you're looking for , some times you look around and ask yourself wtf ? ! don't spend money you ... hate my family lol as a child i didn't even need to hide to be forgotten about ... when i was two years old i was left at the ice skating rink , my parents didn't even notice i wasn't there until they got all the way ... depends mostly what i'm shopping for ... i'm tall and slender , so a lot of places don't have clothes that fit me well ... for jeans it's usually wranglers from walmart =p , for my darker moods i go to ... 32808 me , being a dork , at work ... lol =p 3280332804 3280532806 32807 the 1st , 3rd and 4th are my and my youngest just after he was born , the 2nd and 5th are me and my oldest ... =) in the first one i was like are you really gonna freakin ... here's a couple pics i dug out of the archives ... =p 3279832799 3280032801 32802 me and my best friend at yosemite are numbers 1 , 2 , 4 , and 5 ... # 3 is me and another friend out hiking near half ... mother - esfj father - entp older brother - istp younger brother - esfp sister - enfj ok , as promised ... i dug up my old high school art portfolio ... here are two of my watercolor's ... i was 16 or 17 when i painted these . 3246932470 they got a little hammered over the years ... my ... i had to lay my camera to rest today ... = . ( one of my kids ( i don't know which one ) broke it ... it was a very sad day ... but on the bright side , while cleaning my cabin i found my old art portfolio ... 29784 i don't have the greatest handwriting , but it works .. =p sorry for the large pic , i don't have any program installed at the moment to re-size the picture ... guess i need to download and ... i think i understand what you're trying to say , but you can have imagination and ambition without selling the soul of what makes your culture what it is . ambition that is blind to consequences is ... wait , ... huh ? ... so ... what are you saying ? and you're too nice for your own good i let my anger simmer and then wait till i can explode on someone who desperately deserves it ... or i vent to my closest friends ... occasionally i'll go blow off some steam at the gym or go ... lmao ... awesome ! ! ! the best way to get to know an infp , in my experience =p , is to just be casual about it ... hang out with him , truly get to know him , appreciate him for who he is , that will make him feel special and ... the biggest problem i see with the pairing in question is when things become very personal . both infp's and enfp's in general are prone to take things very personally ... they're also very prone to be ... no , i don't think it's cheating ... i agree with others here that if you're masturbating instead of engaging in sex with a willing partner then you're creating other problems and perhaps you should ... the day my ex wife told me she slept with a friend of mine ... betrayal from two people at once . the enormity of it still nearly crushes me when i think of it , even to this day ... and that was nearly ... i love to travel ... i haven't been anywhere near as many places as i'd like to go though ... so far only mexico , korea , stopped in japan for a layover , and visited about 22 or 23 states here in the ... i have always loved the exploration of new ideas especially where it deals with flight and / or space flight ... i love science , and theoretical science ... i guess you could say i've always been far ... pandora - solo piano radio ... and it's playing opus 23 by dustin o'halloran =) army ... instructor at the moment . i teach and work with radio's and computers . i enjoy most of it , it's relatively non-repetitive ( something i couldn't stand about working in a factory , the ... have him take the mbti test ... better yet , have him take several ... then you'll know for sure . if he's an intp or infp just tell him a little about what it's all about and he'll be intrigued enough ... the only advice i can offer , from my own experiences , is this . don't get caught up in the trap of thinking you have to do it all .. if you can , delegate ... it will help you keep your sanity . any ... for some reason , when i talk with people , i look at them and they just start talking .. somehow i manage to acknowledge at all the right moments and they keep talking ... and i keep listening ( sometimes ... i know for sure i'm not right in the head ... =p all too often i'll be lost in thought , think of something funny , and just start laughing out of the blue ... everyone in earshot starts just looking at ... i was a total daydreamer as a child ... my parents had to fight with the school to keep them from holding me back a year in 2nd grade ... because i daydreamed so much ... but my mom tells me that of all ... almost all the enfj's i know are cool as hell ... i really don't have much negative to say about the type ... some individuals are a different story , so it makes it a very difficult thing to ... absolutely . don't know when , but it's gonna happen . my view on it all , though , is that since we won't know the day or the hour , all i can do is live a good life and just take it one day at a ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tuf61OjvoPQ i got a black wool coat and some cocktail flavored jelly bellies ... =) merry christmas all =) merry christmas all ! yes no good at - yes , desire to do - no for math yes for science yes and no - depending on circumstances . if there was nothing i was supposed to do , a week or two of absolutely nothing to do is ... i have to say that most of the time i don't post on someone else's wall because i don't want to bother them ... and i don't visit everyone's profiles because i don't want to look like a stalker ... hey , i'm on board , my wall has plenty of room on it ... =) and i don't bite either ... well , not hard anyway ... =P i'm looking forward to : another year of watching my kids grow . sending my son off to his first day of school . ( i'll be so proud of him ) getting out of debt . getting my car 100 % fixed ... or ... i have two boys , michael and meric . i don't think i'm going to have any more children , but if i did ... girl names : melinda , kaitlin , kaileigh boy names : eliot or collin sorry it took me so long to reply , i was tdy for training and off the air for a bit there .. =p i view my position as one of being able to help a lot of others , to stand up for what's right , and to ... in my experience , living in a world where aggressiveness and leadership skills are demanded ( military ) , i've found out that turning off the emotion / sensitivity side is highly counter productive and ... very well put ! my experience as well . '