' okay , you all were right as in i can't control people and that the feelings would pass . to clarify though , at first i think i felt hurt because i more felt lied too or betrayed in some way since ... i have no idea but today i felt disappointed in a friend that i really care about and i think it more the fact i knew she like had this value of not going to drink or rarely smoke until she old ... do you believe in past lives ? yes , but i also believe we go through cycles in our lives to learn a life lesson we didn't know before like love , pain , betrayal , and etc . the difference between a ... thanks guys , i always pride myself being a guy who just doesn't leave friends or people without really having a reason unless things just fizzle out in time like all things do . anyways , i was saying ... i don't know how many of you know about my one thread of me and the girl i truly liked with the whole friend scenario . well , i found there was a possible chance she actually liked me more than a ... since , i am finally in a good mood and not looking at myself completely negatively i thought i take time to post more picture that represent me that aren't the worst side of it .. ... well , today i been dealing with this issue in my head with common sense or logic in something my mom said to me last night . i understood why she did it but it bugged me because she barely even ... first off , i like to say welcome to the modern world or at least in america where at least being perfect is the way to be . okay , now let take a little history lesson and learn that once upon a time ... sitting alone and torturing myself with heart break songs ? jk , i probably just act like it any other day and just go what i normally do unless this girl i asked to be my valentine ever changes her ... i am just curious if anyone on here is a wwe or tna fan ? i like both but i don't really care for wrestling in the same way as i did in my younger age . as i gotten older i found out that as infp i ... i am 19 yr . old male from utah . no , i am not morman nor do we believe in polygamy . sorry , i don't like those things being assumed based on my state and religion i use to be active in when i was ... i honestly have no idea what i got myself into this time , but i can't believe that me and my best friend ( girl ) flirt so much and yet , she says doesn't like me that way . normally , i am okay ... so , i have taken a good long week and half break from the pc or at least limited it to like only a few minutes to check email and apply for jobs . honestly , before this week i would of said it would ... so , recently i decided to read the giver again after a few years . i remember the first time i read it i was about in 7th or 8th grade . i usually did it for an english class to pass and enjoy reading ... well ... there is nothing i like about myself .. jk that probably would been me a few years ago or even on a really bad day . but .. i love my .. 1 . eyes - i always feel like my eyes tell a story ... hehe , i have an account but i am not that active at all but if i get on every so often i guess it wouldn't mind seeing other infp post .. basically it my generic username for the most part i am kind of person that likes to be out of the house but not around a lot of people . basically , i love nature or my few close friends and the outdoors . yet , since i really don't have a job , a car , ... 60338 me listening to some music while on a walk . yet , i don't like looking at the camera if you couldn't tell ... more poems :) the connection the air is still , and the warm breathe mist stuck in cold air as we both continued to stare . but which ones to choose o . o ... goodbye ( 2 ) a tear run down his eyes as he chokes to say the words that associate with good-bye . as he turned and walked away , note by his side . he walked ... which ever type thinks i am cute , attractive , and the whole 9 nine yards :P ouch , this post hurt a bit because the poor guy sounds like me at the moment in life , and some past relationships too . yet , there is no way to be soft about it because it will hurt no matter what you ... 1 . 6 year old boy and girl in burning build , which child do you save ? i would try to save both , but if i can only save one then i probably end up saving the closest one because then i know i can ... honestly , i usually have trouble telling other types besides the exxx and the ixxx , but all i know is i am just naturally relaxed , comfortable , and attracted to them what ever type they are ... trust ... so , i could help but want to show you all a better picture of my handwriting from the original post that i am too scared to look up . yet , i think it be fun to see others handwriting in a very short ... 59972 59973 59974 59975 59976 depends on what you mean by writing because there the more modern typing through email writing or old school hand writing . i personally enjoy my handwritten stuff in cursive because it an extension ... so , i use to love math when i was younger because it was logical and made sense but than as i got older i started question things with what ifs and what not making math less appealing since you can't ... oh , the irony just because i am a pisces as well : o so , it been awhile sine i actually was taught this information , but this a brief history on the u . s . government that is usually taught in america . now , what made bring up this post was the topic of ... i have no clue if anyone said this but i didn't think i could get through 5 pages before losing my thoughts on capitalism . to me , i actually like it in truest form of the idea just like how i use to ... so , i recently been trying to find happier songs that i think are cute for the lack of a better word . since , i mostly get stuck listening to sad songs which are great when i having a bad day and i ... i honestly think , i start of trying to be an evil dictator but than see all the pain i am truly causing and somehow do a complete 180 degrees to a benevolent ruler . i think the reason we would ... i don't know how many of you are from the us or even care about the us . i personally live here and i kind of deal with other opinion on president , government , etc . because to be honest i am not the ... i guess i am a semi redditor since i go on the gw2 subreddit . i been meaning to want too expand across others but eventually feel overwhelmed on wanting to read them all :/ i don't mind showing mine ! : o 59247 i would like to die after sharing my internal wisdom with somebody who truly needs it . it be the ultimate note to know i truly changed somebodies life for the better or even the worse since they can ... the title may be a little deceiving but this more about the idea we throw at kids , and people in general of utopia , perfect world , and shielding them from the horrible and bad . i never believe this ... i don't know about any of you guys but i loved the google chrome web browser but apparently it gotten really slow , and i really didn't know why ? i heard about chromiumos but apparently their is a ... i love when it rains but not too hard to point it miserable to be standing in it , but not to soft that you can barely feel it . i also love it even more when it like sunny outside still , and the ... i love america or at least the idea of it . i don't know what to think right now as far it goes because freedom really has changed since 1776 . now , for brief history lesson of our founding fathers ... floatingnotthinking i think you said it best when it comes to how do i apply it with set curriculum ? but i also like the idea of off-topic discussions too . phil i think it is deist first off , it true some people can be close minded when taught beliefs of another religion . yet , i always been the kind to say that it possible to have some things right in every religion while ... i really am indecisive what i really want to do with the rest of my life . i mean i want to go back to school and be a teacher or a counselor . i think this helps feed my need to really help people ... i wish i could say bambi :/ but he keeps running away every time i get close ... i love dogs ! ! definitely love my basset hounds ! i mean we are suppose to be attracted to sad things , and their faces always look sad ! ! then you add in the long ears , and stout body and it like they ... hell yea ! ! ! ugh , i mean i can cook , but most the time i am just to lazy too . yet , when i do .. i make so good cuisine . recently , i bet some of you read about my post earlier , and if not that is fine because this one is totally different . i made a conscious choice to walk away from most social sites , and other things ... thanks , i really appreciate the bluntness of it . i am trying everyday to not be so judgmental , and more helpful . i guess , i just get worn out by the complaining when they put themselves in those ... '