' ina garten seems different , in a good way , than the other female personalities on the food network . genuine , unaffected , quietly comfortable with herself . i used to allow her giggle to annoy me but i ... yeah i get impressions and i don't see them on the page but i do see the words from the page as impressions of images in my mind's eye . i think my mind does this searching for patterns . ohh that's what i look for . you should do it . ohhh that's interesting ! :) you post implies you seek the meaning of the search for meaning ... i trash talk a lot when i play video games too . :) silence isn't what i need ; but for some reason when someone tells me what i should do my heels dig in as a reflex and i feel compelled to stop ... hahahahahahahahahahahahah this is great . the existence of this thread is sooo intp . i never do either . it would be a technical loss of integrity . an allusion to the folklore of the middle ages ... i agree . and sex works well too . short circuits the verbal , opens up other modes of perception . when i am stressed out , or sad , or unable to understand what to call what i feel except that it ... ok is a personal one but this is the place to share what frustrates us ... ok . when i am having an intimate session ... when i am really in the pocket so to speak , sexually , with my partner , not ... yo ... what is up with that ? ! ? ! people who can't stand being alone are weird to me ! like beyond clingy . unable to thrive unless they are leeching onto someone . what creeps me out is trying to ... made sense to me on the second read through . it's about expectations . i think lot of our social issues arise from the intp sensing a disparity between who / what she is and the exterior state ... i let spiders live . i'll cohabitate with them any day . you've injected some meaning / value into mine , just now . i feel like i could cry . oooof . .  .  . okay , it passed . i want to look into your eyes and shake your hand , brother . essentially , you're a hero ... bless their extroverted feeling hearts . painful is the word . and i make it more painful by being incapable of small talk so i respond in the only respectful way that occurs to me : delve into their ... i am equally confused about this phenomenon ; sorry i have no answers to offer . but i experienced the same thing . at age 10 , i'd stroll up to the completely cute boy , and introduce myself and say ... sadly , intp females are likely to be pressured into taking some kind of medication at some point because something seems to be wrong with them . man is defined as a human being and a woman as a ... till now i always got by on my own , i never really cared until i met you . and now it chills me to the bone . how do i get you alone http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Cw1ng75KP0&feature=fvw are you talking about facial expressions specifically ? few things truly piss me off , but facebook used to . i unsubscribed it says something - - i'm not sure what , but it says fundamentally disturbing that almost everyone is on facebook . awww ... this is beautiful , guys . amen . it's like a tennis player who studies the footage of the matches he has played regardless of the outcome of the match , or because of , or in spite of . the end point provides some context . but ... cutest . post . ever . :) i got your jarring right here . jar this . ( _ / _ ) ( _ | _ ) ( __ ) : shocked : excellent point : intps can seem creepy and jarring . i know this is off-topic , but it's a valuable point to note in any event . hiring a sitter in order to introvert is as justifiable a reason as any , in my book . i think intp parents are especially ... i have been frustrated by the unshare-ability of the word pith / pithy . not only does it mean something great that other words ' meanings only approximate , but it also holds potential for a ... ok , i don't totally comprehend the difference between fi and fe but i am reading a lot of posts on here and i am starting to catch on . if someone feels particularly able to elucidate the theoretical ... wow , this forum is validating ! happiness = knowing that i know something . the feeling i get from this has no equal . i wonder if js get this feeling all the time ... perhaps it feels more ... i think there exists a category of people that finds intps attractive . not only have i experienced this phenomenon firsthand , but if there is any genetic basis to personality , then our sheer presence ... ^ 5 hahahaha i was about to post this . i even creep myself out . i received ( drumroll please ... ) an antfarm . :) i am waiting for the ants to arrive by mail . i sent off for them today . i also received a rubik's cube . good times . i spend waaay more ... instead of lazy , i'd echo this sentiment by saying i wish i knew how to better set short-term goals and motivate myself to reach them . :P ( semantics , i know ) and i definitely wish i were better ... haha , a man after my own heart ... i have learned to embrace this . i have been doing it my whole life . i think of it as keeping the farmland in my mind in rotation . putting a non-fiction book down ... youtube - i am a rock - simon & garfunkel lyrics youtube - off he goes : pearl jam very well said . wow . this blessed me , forreal . i used to think there was something wrong with me because rarely does something move me to smile , or laugh . i am very playful , and i pride myself on ... oooh i loooved the sting . i watched it with my dad when i was 12 . and then i got the sheet music and taught myself to play the entertainer on the piano . ^ 5 i can see an intp being kind of alpha in the sense that they require no leader and no follower and are largely detached from the social game . so if you find an intp actually within a pecking order , ... ok , here goes : you know you're an intp if the following expression of an inner monologue of a risk / benefit ratio analysis makes sense to you . premise : presence of ocd-like urge to correct ... wow . resonance . nerd rage huh ? it's hugely validating for me that you have named this . thank you . anthropomorphizing sucker fish = fail . i attended a christian school and in the third grade i ... i tend to get headaches when i max out socially . then i have to retreat because i am puking . good times . on the other hand , when alone , i can be rather oblivious to sensory cues such as hunger , ... ohhh you are being all esfj now , i surrender . : wink : dilaudid iv push until i stop breathing . i can only speak for myself here , but my gut says that if an intp is married to you , he probably encountered a superlative degree of clarity and certainty about you before making the decision to ... this thread is amazing to me . i am , like , turned on now . : blushed : male infj ... ooof . powerful stuff . wow . this whole thread just slays me . i thank god for making the infj . ( me = female intp ) i don't know about smarter than ... i suppose i do know what you mean , but i still have issues with ranking one flavor of smart over another . one thing that makes me happy to no end is when i ... my dad is intp and i never knew i was so like him until i took the test for a class in college . but my interaction with him is nice because unlike talking with my mother or my sisters , when we have a ... i feel most comfortable in classic pieces that are timeless , simple , and high-quality . i don't own many clothes , but the ones i own mix / match well and i have no problem dropping money on something ... when the bulk of the guilt you feel in your interpersonal relationships refers to your ever-abundant honesty . furthermore , you cannot honestly feel guilty about telling the truth so instead you feel ... shopping a . i get pissed off when i have to face the situation of buying something with specs that i haven't figured out and researched ahead of time . b . even more unpleasant is the experience ... '