' i used the test on a number of my own posts and documents . the results varied between intj and intp . i also used the test on some passages out of jung's psychological types and got results of intj ... is that in the same format as the original article ? if so , i would conclude that the individual who wrote it has an under-developed asthetic sense , but a real concern for making the world a better ... absolutely . charts and tables , or any sort of diagrams , help to give an overall view of a system at a galnce . they are a way of simplifying the data . i don't think i need to say anything more . : tongue : i'm usually good at the disappearing trick . ( in the corner with a book ! ) ok , why is it that nobody wants to be typed with jesus , but everybody wants to be typed with hitler ? i once clippered most of my hair really short , but left a mohawk and made it blond . that was a very scary look . i've always wanted a set of those animal eye lenses for when i go clubbing . the only way that i've found helpful when learning complex mathematical formulae is to work out and understand it's application . once i understand how it is used , i have no trouble with the numbers . i've known a couple of people who thought that they were intj . but after discussing and exploring the way that they approach decisions it becomes clear that they are indeed infj . the important ... i primal screamed a bully once . he wet him self , and then started crying ! it is the the nature , or attitude , of the judging function that is the important factor . the perceiving function may gather information , but without it's judging counterpart it cannot do anything ... your premiss on the possibility of knowledge of reality is incomplete , as it lacks any reference to a limited but true knowledge of reality . ( which i have incidentally just demonstrated . ) i reject your subjective assessment of intjs . a functional overview of the intj reveals extraverted thinking ( te ) as a supporting function . as a result , most of our rational judgements are made with ... c.g.jung ' s standards . you'll find that consciously exercising a function with both introverted and extraverted attitude at the same time will usually cause some kind of a neurosis . why would i ... the fact that mine and other's results are inaccurate is evidence that the assessment is not able to produce a correct result every time . to the degree that it produces inaccurate results it is ... i'm starting to believe that you are indeed ti dominant . from a functional perspective , you're misunderstanding the objective criterion by pushing your subjective ideas onto it in order to get it to ... anahata - i know this is supposed to be for intjs , but we all think your input in our threads is extremely valuable , so i just wanted to say thanks . :) i hate being intp , is there anything i can take to change my typing ? cyanide should do the trick ! but don't do that . welcome :) thankyou for your useful input , though despite the difficulties and even the technically perceived improbabilities of finding an objective solution i'm still going to keep looking . i agree that ... look at the results ! my case proves that the assesment can provide wildly inacurate results ! ( even though i answered the questions honestly . ) my result had nothing to do with what i expexted . my ... it's not that difficult really . what's even better is considering how to tear out their throat . ( i know it's off topic , but anyway ) did you know that once you tear a person's throat out , they ... lol , what an utter waste of space that test is ! your result for the hopefully good mbti test ... entp ne > ti > fe > si you are most likely an entp . okay , this is your result . your functions are ... still having trouble or want more info , go here --> interaction styles - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia i found this model more useful for working out workplace team dynamics . we do not ! we are completely controlled and nothing escapes our calm exteria ! lol : tongue : what's there to smile about anyway ? ! : bored : yep , we stand out like the anti-mainstream christmas ... the questions , in the test indicated , are extremely ambiguous and open to misinterpretation and confusion . often they seem to be asking about two different functions at once . this test , personality ... intjs appear strange because ... - sometimes we actually are strange ! : shocked :: crazy :: confused : instability due to lack of information - result - nothing gets done , or make up something and hope for the best . instability due to too much information - result - * overload overload , aaagh ! ... what's your point brightteyes ? currently reading psycholoical types by c.g.jung . the first half is quite heavy , but very interesting , as jung goes through a number of historically based philosophies and points out the psychology ... i don't think we have them in oz at all . at least i've never seen one , and i've searched up and down the east coast . : frustrating : ( marketing opportuity maybe ? ) if you were arguing in their shoes , you'd probably have sore feet too , and as arguing with sore feet is no fun i think i'd rather loose quickly so i could put my own shoes back on again . : tongue : could it be the magically glowing staff , you thought would make a good walking stick , maybe ? my thoughts : i can see that you are strongly intuitive , that you can recognise something for what it is without having to see it in it's entirety . what stands out to me in your descriptions of ... this is intriguing , are you saying that you test intp when depressed and intj when manic , ( or the reverse ) ? if this is the case can you describe what you think it is that makes you one or the other ... totally agree with rez . functionally he's se ti fe ni when i get nervous , all i want to do is sleep . an intj village would need intjs sorry , i was trying to be funny . i do however disagree that it is irrelevant . on the contrary , i think it is very relevant , and important , that you value a fact , or idea , as it corresponds to the ... i'm an intj . in learning , i ' pull in ' information from all over the place , ( text , audio , visual impressions , behavioural observations ... ) then i think about it in relation to myself and other ... logic , philosophy , the sciences , all as ends in themselves are nothing but a set of rules or a grouping of data . their value lies in how they correspond to objects , to things , and to life . behind ... so , you value facts more than you value value ? what's a drama bananna ? i can't take it any more , i have to vent ! i see it over and over , from two types in particular , people complaining that mbti doesn't or can't tell them accurately who they are , but they refuse to ... i've expressed many similar ideas in a thread i posted 6 hours before you posted this : http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/36457-assessing-errors.html i agree that there are ... i thought it was all to do with his horse , binky . the thing i like most hearing said to me is : yes , yes , yes , oh god yes ! i don't know if it has already been said , c.g.jung is thought to have been intj : happy : i don't ususally have any general relationship issues with my isfj mother . problems only arise for us because we lack the skills to make ourselves fully understood , we do try however but the result ... being 6 ' 7 and built like a brick shit-house doesn't help either , ( or maybe it does help depending on the desired effect . ) '