' the types and modules of the theory are templates . the goal is to get a perfect descritption of a person . or at least head towards being more specific . it's the person who takes it as pigeon-holing , ... im going by the cog func order , not overall description . esi is is mbti's isfp . fi se . socionics isfp = isfj mbti . capitalization denotes whether we're talking soc or mbti you can also tell because sle ( estp ) , lsi ( istj ) , are mirrors esi ... i found the answer socionics - the16types.info - socionics romancing styles so you take the underestimated plant-predator simile and replace it with a stressful college application simile ... > < ya , female . so be a venus fly trap . position yourself , and when something comes near , clamp down . lololol . i can just imagine . yeah , i think you can catch any type's attention by appealing to their first ... my entj friend has observed that isfp are aggressive in pursuing and escalating relationships . i don't go field-testing too much , but so far this has been so from all my limited data . so isfp also ... the shock isn't about your outlooks , but rather , the thought of being on the receiving end of a d placement . sometimes , you hating it only makes them want to do it more ... with the fantasy ... subscribe to pages like awaken the mind and america : police state are isfp actually pretty aggressive when it comes to initiating a relationship ? ahha lazy is the stereotype . just embrace it and let the creativity flow ! that's you how produce , and if you produce , how can people say you're lazy ? fuck add . i personally think it's bs . you're ... graphic designer for webpages r . i . p burntoinge age 96 way to maximize the curiosity factor . you can come off as a weirdo , or mysterious . good shit . http://24.media.tumblr.com/f63c14bba909eeb6fc86fa464c391682/tumblr_mgg5ke4QGM1qdg9dlo1_500.gif give this lady a mfing cookie ! http://www.reactiongifs.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/06/tyra_omg.gif lol dancing_queen , always managing to flirt * thumbs up * : tongue : i find that i really enjoy having fun with enfp . but i always try to avoid debates or clarifying inconsistencies with them . high highs , low lows . i find enfp great because they are random , ... i like this a lot . i've phrased my questions to be outlandish / funny / trolly , but i was hoping someone would say something like this , that's genuine , real , useful , not socially awkward , and actually ... lol what are you guys even talking about ? i come back , and like there are unrelated debates spawned everywhere llol pwn yes . twitter is the stupidest thing ever . a moment for a serious confession : i am an anarchist because i want peace , and think voluntary interactions are better than coercive ones , and have experienced , seen , and understand the power of free ... those are great ! im laughing so hard . hahaha leave it to an intp to come up with great trolling if you get stumped by the question , how are you ? or feel utterly bored , indifferent , and mildly annoyed when someone says , nice weather today , then this is the thread for you . why not open up ... word . working on mustering the courage currently . i'm getting more comfortable with myself and have recently gained far more clarity regarding morality and people . and it recently hit me : i feel like if i met someone who i really felt comfortable ... i'm not one to preclude that assertion . but he did not develop his point from ground up , or able to communicate it on any level . he and he had this subtle smug attitude of i'm so lofty that i don't ... he enjoys trolling a lot . so even when he's being honest and serious , he will undetectably troll . lol wow . =] i'd say exactly the opposite . hahaha epic epic way of framing it . gawd i could fall in love with you . #nohomo . which brings me to ... how to give intj a braingasm : say things insightful , succinct , and productive . i found the holy grail of answers to the op question . http://personalitycafe.com/socionics-forum/114854-model-socionics-cognitive-function-model.html i see . thanks for your post ^ can easily get stalkery lols it highly depends on the person . and i don't extend my rude thoughts i had to that person to all intps . let me separate it again , i notice intps have a trend towards definition , and that intj and ... witty satirical humor . colbert report he is socialist . he's f . jk , i just trollz . what makes him so smart ? his speeches are typical political fluff that sounds good . he relies on ghost writers and campaign managers , and has a shit ... he is socialist . he's f . jk , i just trollz . what makes him so smart ? his speeches are typical political fluff that sounds good . he relies on ghost writers and campaign managers , and has a shit ... i find myself attracted to estj women . perhaps the same overt attraction is there the other way and you can try estj men . it's not quite socionics theory kosher ( or typical mbti theory kosher ) , but ... sorry , i feel like youre have some good stuff here , but im having trouble understanding you fully due to the brevity of sentences . could you expound ? avoid out of indifference . not sure what yo ... it's not a statistic , but an anecdotal trend personally noticed based on small sample sizes limited to a single intj . @ kjo idk how to define it . their look is overall better than the ... yeah i was surprised when i noticed the trend myself . my image of male estjs is bill oreilly or an egotistic , stuck-in-his-ways army sergenat , or douchy bullies who end up even more douchy in frats ... very insightful . thanks . this is all and well . in a debate / discussion setting though , people have to point things out . the guy i talked to also had this attitude , but to the point of even applying ... ^ it definitely depends on maturity . the guy i was talking with had a large difference in views with me . but i thought we could talk it out based on logic from the ground up . however , i found all ... i'm intj . there . lol i'm ni not ne . i hone in on ideas and am driven to make a conclusion . i'm te not ti . i don't care about definitions unless it makes a difference in the discussion . if not , ... i normally dislike the idea of estj , and ones that haven't developed their other functions do tend to clash with my intjness . by your 20 ' s and in work settings , people are pretty civil , or at least ... i can get into that dominance mode , but normally i'm not . i get that way when i really have a good idea that i want to implement , or when people around me start being pussies and dragging their feet ... '