' start swans so i realize i'm raising this thread from the dead but happened to find it and just wanted to share that i'm 2 months away from marrying an intj and i think we're awesome together ! :D since i'm such ... i think it would depend on the personality type of the person in need of comfort . for infp's , or for me specifically , actions speak louder than words . if someone important to me says they hope i ... hey guys ! i'm editing my original post because it was way too long . i just basically want to know how intj's generally feel when someone they care about is hurting . is it something they feel is out ... well ... updates are that mon . and tues . of this week , i messaged him first online ... and then wed . and thurs . he imed me first . there was one point that our conversation dropped cause i got busy with ... haha , that made me laugh , thanks ! i do believe he's interested , i'm just not sure how careful to tread with him being somewhat scarred from his past marriage . infp's like to jump in when they're ... yeah , definitely . he did ask the other night to hang out , so i know he wants to spend time one on one . it was just kinda late so i said i didn't feel like going out again . he wants us to play ... hey so i took the advice and initiated talking with him online today while we were both at work and we talked for about 2 hours . i can't emphasize how much this is different from past ... haha , i'm not so sure ! i hate rejection ... well , everyone does . i haven't done a lot of initiating because he's so hard to read . i messaged him while at work one day about how i had the makings for ... hello there ! i'm so well aware of how obnoxious it is that i use this site as a means to read the mind of mysterious men ... but here i am anyway , a confused little infp , trying to figure out the most ... so , ironically enough , the enfj i mentioned in my first post ... yeah , ran into him tonight , after like 3 years ! it was one of those shoot me now mixed with i can't believe it's him ! moments . i ... to answer the original post ... i love enfj guys ! ! ! <3 i honestly rarely feel lonely . i love being alone due to my introvertedness . as far as longing for a future husband ... sure , i have that , but it doesn't create loneliness in me ... it's just something ... so i know two esfj dudes ... one is always noticing the nice things i do for others and making mention of it . and one day , he randomly told me that i looked very pretty . the other guy compliments ... you know , i sometimes think i come to this forum just to feel a little more normal ... and sure enough , always does the trick ! others think i'm morbid and pessimistic when i talk about the possibility ... so i stole this idea from the enfj thread while i was lusting over their personality type . i figured us infp's have just as quirky status updates . :P my last one was from saturday night : ... 1 ) describe your parents in one word each . dad - narcissist mom - insecure 2 ) choose one : - family if i'm not married . if married , my husband comes first . 3 ) which statement do you most ... i type people pretty quickly ... i've been entirely ruined by this dang mbti . i can't even appreciate a tv show anymore ... i'm typing people always ... always i tell you ! :P so the way i do it is by ... hugs to you , dear infp ! my best advice is to not try to rush the process ... it simply takes time and there's no way around that . i think it's healthy to allow yourself to feel the sadness and slowly ... my initial reaction to your post was agh ! from my own personal frustration because you sound just like my guy infp friend that won't ask me out ... but this is about you , not me ... haha . so , i would ... oh what i wouldn't do to have an enfj be writing this about me . :) dang , i'm so badly wanting to run into an enfj dude and have that magical chemistry that i wouldn't care if he proposed on the ... that's so funny you all say that . i like having cafeinne , esp . coffee and mtn dew , but it usually makes my anxiety worse . i've gone through on and off seasons with it and currently i'm off it . i ... i feel like infp's + emotionally distressing childhood = depression / anxiety . i feel like we're prone to dwelling in the negative , so when we're surrounded by it from a young age , it becomes our norm ... it's hard to talk about religion and christianity in a group with people that have varied forms of belief . i personally believe in one god and have a relationship with him that means everything to ... hugs and kisses to you , sam ! i'm sorry you've been treated so badly . we're good people here at least ... so vent away ! we're all ears . :) for me , pseudo dating involves high amounts of emotional attachment and doing things with each other as though you were dating , but you're not . with my enfj , we would stay up late talking on the ... i noticed you're listed as an enfp .. if that's true , it would explain some of the loneliness . maybe you're not just craving a romantic relationship , but relationships in general . i actually love ... the little things keep me going ... when i get all down and i think about what i would miss about this life ... i think of listening to my favorite songs on the radio as i drive , the taste of chocolate ... this is what i would fear most if my friendship with my infp guy became romantic . i would be the estj , i've already seen it in myself in our friendship . i think that this doesn't always have to ... thanks for all the great responses ! i feel so refreshed when i converse with you all ! i'd like to think we're the best mbti forum . :D i agree that there's not necessarily just one person out ... i have to agree with the post above ... it seems like you could get hurt badly . i fell for an enfj once and it was amazing , nothing ever felt so natural ... but the hurt of losing him was simply awful , ... hello my dearest infp buds ! so i went on a date today with a possible estp and it was nightmareish . to recoop from the terrible experience , i wandered aimlessly around a big lots store , picking ... understandable ... i don't know what it is really , why i don't get back to people when they contact me ... though i will say that it's a turn off to be repeatedly contacted before i've responded because ... so this infp , i believe , was meant for a different era ... one in which i'm not so easily accessible ... think sense and sensibility . :P does anyone else repeatedly ignore when the phone rings , not ... thanks guys ! i haven't told him yet but we've been talking a lot more ... we have the funniest / interesting conversations ... i'm sure you can only imagine , us both being infp's . last night we ranged ... welp , not surprisingly , mine are quality time and physical touch . :) physical touch needs to be affectionate though to really count . when it's purely sexual , it doesn't do much for me . and quality ... been there , done that ! it was by far the worst relationship i've had , ended badly too . but ... by no means do i compare every other person with the same type to him . i have an infj female friend ... p . s . welcome to the infp forum ! ! ! everyone here is lovely ... visit often ! i hope you begin to feel at home here .. we all , like you , love asking and answering questions .. so never feel like you shouldn't ... hm , i've definitely had moments of losing my temper quickly , but i try to not let it be the norm . i had sort of a rough childhood , so i don't know your story , but maybe your moments of anger are ... i would follow it up , if i were you , at some point by saying that you hope to marry your best friend . that way , she will know you're the type of person that considers close friendships as ... i'd probably seem confident , happy , friendly ... not really sure how i'm perceived on here ... :P if you're really quiet , than i would compensate for it because i hate awkwardness . i've also ... thanks ! i feel entirely fortunate , like you said , to have him in my life . guys like him don't come around every day . we were more or less talking about our future children in a separate sense , not ... lol , you guys are awesome ! this is why infp's rock ! :D to answer colysan , i realized i liked him when after others guys disappoint me , i always think of him and how he's always been consistent and ... yeah , i definitely agree ... our close friendship entirely changes the dynamics . there is a good chance that we'll never move anywhere if i don't come out and say something , because i've treated him ... hey everyone ! i've been friends with a male infp for years now ... i found out through someone else last year that he liked me . naturally he never gave any hints away , or maybe i'm just blind . :P ... haha , who knows ! and maybe i am assertive , i am a new yorker after all ... but it just all boiled down to the fact that i wanted to hear positive things from him , and not negative . sure i have my ... hahaha , you and him would make good friends i'm sure ! i'm not even a pushy person , honestly ... it was in relation to weeks earlier when in a restaurant i had asked for the bread before they brought it ... what i don't understand is how in a romantic relationship , you could entirely care about someone , possibly even unconditionally , and yet criticize them . that is foreign to a feeler ... if i care about ... i really don't like name calling ... i get very uncomfortable and defensive when someone is being called either of the terms mentioned . i've learned over the years that if there's garbage outside , ... '