it has been almost 2 years ... two years . i concur . his article was posted on the infj board and several members went and changed their type to confirm infj or infp . he ’ s going to write one for isfj vs infj soon . perception is a tricky ... well , we have to keep in mind that he ’ s taking an outside perspective of infjs and infps . it would be nice if an infj or infp wrote something of this caliber in the differences . maybe even a ... there ’ s a really good article written by simulatedworld on the cognitive differences between infj and infp copy and paste this into google search : infp vs . infj : a functional analysis that ’ s ... i ’ ve got a similar , burning desire . the hardest part is taking that first real step . * volunteers * i would stay to see mother russia entp section liberated from vermin ! ix92d even go as far as to bring shai gar back from his icy hell ... we need a tribunal that decides who the real entps are . put them through vigorous tests and weed out the impure scum . we need an entp master race ! we ’ ll have a list of all the pure entps as a ... i think simulatedworld would probably be the favorite and also the best choice . down with crappy , cyclical threads ! down with other personalities types responding to entp questions like we give ... very true . close to being an oxymoron ... forget promedome we don ’ t need half breed entps running around being mods for us . i nominate calysco , simulatedworld , and myself . * puts battle armor on * that was an awesome post . yea , well you love this micro penis . how x91bout that ? ? ? wondering what is wrong with sex , sex , sex ... :-D entp ’ s rock . entj ’ s rule . i have no interest in all the responsibility . welcome to the forum ! wondering how i ’ ve only racked up 400 posts ... another pet peeve : reminding myself of pet peeves . stranger than your sympathy this is my apology i'm killing myself from the inside out and all my fears have pushed you out i wish for things that i don't need all i wanted and what i chase ... as an entj , i have to say that we ’ re very self centered and it comes off as being very mean . is the entj you ’ re thinking of a female ? the idea of being able to feel to completely control my emotions to the point where i can turn the on and off at will is definitely a fantasy . havenx 92t seen the movie though . looks interesting . well besides all that have been mentioned ... i can ’ t stand when someone types “ alot . ” hyperbole and a half : the alot is better than you at everything i also can ’ t stand when someone says , ... if you ’ re a close friend or more , then hugs are fine ; otherwise , you shouldn ’ t touch me . this thread brings tears to my eyes ... top 5 characteristics mercurius mercurius mercurius mercurius mercurius top 5 physical features this resonates with me . i tend to be the problem-solver who wants to help the person with their issue , instead of just sitting there and soaking it up like an emotional tampon . there are times ... grey , sweet 16 . legal in most countries and several states . i could write about all the things i like about you , what you mean to me , etc upon etc . instead , i ’ m going to just say “ happy ... again , why are you doing this ? he may have started it , but you ’ re 35 years old ! ! ! you should know better . if you want to piss him off more then just ignore him . good advice that you may not ... why are you wasting your time again ? whatx 92s the point ? i donx 92t want an answer . thanks ! i got the best personality :-D yes : blushed :: blushed :: blushed :: blushed :: blushed :: blushed :: blushed :: blushed :: blushed :: blushed :: blushed :: blushed :: blushed :: blushed :: blushed :: blushed :: blushed :: blushed :: blushed : i believe that you believe you donx 92t personally see anyone lesser than yourself ; however , i donx 92t believe it one bit . this is what we call a lie . i ’ ve never done this intentionally . besides , 90 % of the time it wouldn ’ t matter . people are going to do whatever the hell they want despite what you have to say . i just give advice to hear ... no : crazy :: crazy :: crazy :: crazy :: crazy :: crazy :: crazy :: crazy :: crazy :: crazy :: crazy :: crazy :: crazy :: crazy :: crazy : : sad : it might have to do with ne . we remember just enough to get the jist of an idea , and then we let our ti make the connections for us . maybe ? oh come on ! that canx 92t be all you see from talking to me ! hey hey ... this thread needs to be moved to the debate forum ! no debating from infps or any other type please . keep this on track . private forums for everyone ! ! ! oh come on ! donx 92t throw logic into this ! ! i want a private forum too ! ! ! this is such an exciting idea ! i want to petition for a private intelligence sub forum . in this area you must take a timed iq test before making any type of post . i think a simple test of ... i was thinking the same thing . i took this test based on my experience with an esfj . this would of been a lot different based off my relationship with an intj and my age . according to your questionnaire responses , your attachment-related anxiety score is 3.67 , on a scale ranging from 1 ( low anxiety ) to 7 ( high anxiety ) . your attachment-related avoidance score is 4.25 , ... youtube - total eclipse of the heart : literal video version it ’ s all been done ... it ’ s all been done ... it ’ s all been done before ... i watched the gaga video and then somehow got to this ... i am astaroth , the shadowlord of hatred . i live as a physical manifestation of the darkness that reside in the souls of this kingdom . i am true evil and can never be destroyed ... ... i ’ m a 7w8 , 3w4 , 8w7 . i ’ ve heard arguments that i may be a 3w4 before a 7w8 ; however , i haven ’ t seen enough evidence to conclude that is true . regardless , i ’ ve been told that i ’ d be the ... my bad for not specifying . i assumed that nobody would think i jumped off a 40x92 high cliff into nothing ... and be here posting about it ... yes ! lots of water . why would you need a rope ? donx 92t jump in like an idiot and there should be no problem . the rope could actually cause more problems : snagging on other rocks , snapping , etc . ix92d be more worried ... you have no clue how right he is . i constantly find things i ’ m afraid of and go face my fears . afraid of heights ? jumped off a 40 ’ cliff . afraid of small , dark , and cramped places ? went ... wow , and not a single esfj responds . maybe they ’ re all out having sex right now ... i get caught off guard when a certain intj robot shows any type of serious emotion at all . the rare instances make me feel like i ’ m witnessing a special moment in time . i also appreciate them ... you know you ’ re an entp when you think all the negatives about your personality type are positives too . wait ... wrong thread !