' i adore that channel i don't have the space for a shop so i was delighted to find a drop in workshop in this town . they're set up for stone cutting and polishing , casting and woodworking . yay :) rip cassini some conversations make me want to peel my skin off . mostly it's when people start talking about how smart their kids are , or if they talk about planning their wedding . it's actually less of a skin ... gory details please . or guns ? i am surviving off of granola bars , coffee and a lack of oxford commas . fucking thank you . tomorrow is but a wish that when granted , dies . which country ? i'd say your best bet is to lay your cards on the table , say what you want and ask what he wants . then believe his answer and act accordingly . seems borderline s waffles with blackberries that i fought a bear for . for dinner i actually had diced spicy garlic pork on risotto . i love cooking . nah it was brown gravy eh , fit for a poutine . not that grey shit you ' muricans call gravy and put on biscuits :) another istp hugging a tree . 711906 canadian istps get to smoke cigars in cuba :) 711914 i had a lovely dinner tonight . it was a double handful of snow with gravy eh :) whereabouts are you ? eh ? no , because my province happens to be ridden with wildfires at the moment so i though you were referencing that . no , but the blanket of smoke that blew this way all day took the temp down by about 5 degrees , so there's that . didn't sleep very well . it was 100 degrees last night . this is my kitty . hi name is frank . he has asthma and eats foreign objects to test my love . 711634 i'm not referring to my gender preference . i'm saying that no individual of any gender appeals besides him . i am with a man even though i'm not entirely straight . probably a 1 on the kinsey scale . i would absolutely never cheat on him with anyone though . i didn't intend this , but i am fiercely monogamous ... i had no idea until i did the test on 16 personalities . my results rated me as extremely istp and the descriptions of this personality type rang out loud as true for me . i'm out of the canadian closet now eh . you still love me ? haha . i was talking with a man from texas on a forum recently and revealed that i am canadian . he replied so do you guys have like , jobs up there ? . i was very tempted to tell him no , i paid for this ... yeah , it's perfect lol . not overly needy , there when you need it . . there ignoring you when you don't :) as an istp woman i am attracted to istp and intp men . they seem to be the only kinds i've met that can ' handle ' me . unfortunately they aren't the only kind attracted to me . thankfully i am with an ... is there anything childish that you do as an adult ? i do . example : when i go to check the mail , if it is boring i put it back . i was raised in a colder clime , it's wonderful for clothing options . also not a lot of exposed necks , so less temptation there . kcul doog ah , shit . i love a good spooky story . what was the prize and which story was it ? this one mostly : https://www.youtube.com/user/Aylingater77 but i also enjoy doctor horror and ghost husband . i like to stick to allegedly true stories though . i love them . they rarely scare me but i relish the feeling if they do . lazy masquerade has a particularly good channel . yes . does anyone else enjoy listening to horror stories on youtube ? looks a bit light for outlaw but it looks awesome . you'd like tarte fomo i think . it's nude with a slight purple tone . tarte fomo tarte rose kat von d outlaw ( which is fucking fantastic and get it now ) ginningpuma 4011 i have a problem . can't stop buying expensive lip products , but fuck do i love them . i want to punch your dad . whitetail i made a killer meal the other day , sounds weird but it was good . shaved venision loin stewed with tons of thin cut mushrooms in herb gravy . served on a potato pancake with pickles , sour cream and ... whole or chopped up ? intriguing . what form is the pork in when you cook it ? no idea what . nope too dense tonight i guess . yum por que ? heeeheee : wink : this is what happens when you trust your bf to take a picture . 703602 '