' i just don't like the personality my dad is a very strong one , i have worked with them , and now i have tried dating them . i have met a lot of them and they act in way that i find difficult . we do ... i do not like istj's they take the game hard to get and play it on insane mode , i lose interest . i went out with a guy who was an istj seemed really cool . then went on a date after talking to him for ... sanari the show you described as sounds interesting . there was some interesting research i read that lead to some interestind questions . one was the origin of the dog . genetic research showed that ... measured_eye i read your response and it was very thought provoking . as to your questions i will answer them in order . to your first question , yes there is a reward to being being good and that is ... i read your response and i am confused by what you mean by it comes to a lack of faith . when people reach adulthood they reach a level of enlightment and realize that their parents really were ... hey i am sorry for the delayed response , my tests fell together this last week . as your question i think that people are are somehow linked together . by what i don't know many great philosophers and ... i study all the time and i drink tons of coffee . since i am female i am not limited to 10 manly calories so i add cream and sugar . then i move at the speed of light . bad at spelling anf grammer . just can't seem to get it , but good at math and science , they use symbols . i don't know could be me , but i still have to do l's for left and right . hey fun questions if you play any sport what would it be ? if could in any type of house what would it be ? no you did not overlook anything . the help i was offering was in a general sense , like if you an idea or thought and want someones opinion . hahahaha ... that's smart and i will have to use it . yeah sometimes its small things that speak the loudest , yeah i do the same , it unnerves people . example on one my birthdays i went to a very nice resturant and this lady with her date was really loud , annoyingly so . i didn't ask her to please be quiet ... i have to admit that i found that article to be very enlightening . as i have said most introverts are tough sells but intj's are difficult because of the iq aspect and cynicism . yes that's true but the number of deaths are too low for me to consider giving up any freedoms . for me freedom is great and sacrifices will be made . just because a couple of thousand people die ... i hope you get korea and start you find out more about yourself . if there's anything i can do to help just ask . research is the reason why i chose engineering over chemistry . engineering flexible problem can be solved in more than one way and math can be like a puzzle . chemistry , biology , and natural sciences ... i am a 7w8 and yes people have always been hostile to me . i just can't seem to fit a particular group . on the surface i am fine then when things get deeper people just don't like me and this has been ... i have seen some cases of police brutality , some were pretty vicious , and more times than not the cops are harshly punished . to stream the camera footage from the car sounds good on the surface but ... you should try to contact sanari she too is interested in korea . although for anthropological reasons . that is great that you want to go to korea for someone like me i would have been too indecisive ... awesome anywhere in particular you want to go or is the world at large your destination , and is learning a knew language difficult ? i too hope to someday travel i don't know if i could move though ... thank you taneka for your reply . i am very excited to find another sports fan , do you watch , play , or both ? what sport is your main interest ? for me i love football , play soccer , and the olympics ... masured_eye it takes an open and flexible mind o be able to see the world from others perspetive . tell me as you have seen the world from other point of view have you never felt compelled to make ... have you read half the stuff in there ? if this true for all intj's no wonder why the guys in the relationship forum think they will die young ! seriously planning your death , i don't think so , you ... that's something i would like to understand . how does south korea view north korea ? they interact and create policy with one another or have barricaded themselves ? from what have i must read about ... measured_eye it too bad i didn't get to read the long post , but hey computers do that . i really enjoy this website because full of people who have strong ideas in my life i don't find that very much , ... sanari i think your right that all humans have the same orgin , but because adaption and survival decisions i do not think that some cultures can really coexist . humans are interesting to me because ... he is right about online dating my friend is trying it and he keeps getting really burned . just know that the selection goes both ways and don't put much into the potential relationship off the bat ... watch any of these there fun and get you thinking , okay some get you thinking : walking bad dexter breaking bad big bang theory fringe battlestar galatica firefly homeland spartacus the best combination if possible , i think from from reading and experience , is a dominant entp with an assertive intj as a partner . entp will bring new ideas and drum up moral needed for their ... that's great a book buttefly i am going to have to use that . i love reading as well mainly in the areas of chemistry , theoretical physics , biology , anatomy and physiology , leadership , and current ... i have taken thes abilities into account in fact it was the fact its the main attraction . i am really very creative i push the bounds , i go to far into the deep end and get lost . in a realationship ... optimistic yes that's me . in a better sense i am goal oriented so reguardless of what happens i will reach my goal . if something happens to my goal i adjust and stay the course . plus people respond ... aj2011 i don't think they make books covering the subect matter in my last comment . or maybe i am wrong and the subject could be replacing people's will with your own . i am bad at how to's and i dont ... hey sanari are you a book worm like me and if so types of books do you like to read ? if not what other things spark your interest ? thank you measure_eye i do aim to empress and am glad when i do so . the insight you gave about yourself was interesting indeed . if you mind me asking what are your unconventional ideas ? i enjoy ... this thread just took a turn . the stubbor gatekeeper / guardian is my champion . remember a lot of people don't like me off the bat . what your thinking is i will sell them my idea i argue some points he ... yeah that ' s about right i am entp and i see what is and what could be and change it to work . in order to start a business you don't want investors unless you need them . every company needs a strong ... i beleive in god i was raised both catholic and baptist , parents wanted both . my faith is my cornerstone reguardless of religion and outside factors because they just don't matter . what does is the ... at this point i don't care my father was really mean growing up saying like i have forgotten more knowledge than you will ever learn , they don't make colleges for whores , or your useless . when ... eternalequinox i don't know why you are so angry , your entire response radiates with insecurity and unnecessary anger . i did not contradict myself , in fact its one of the few times i was completely ... thank you sanari for comments and sharing yourself . as it happenes today i met a girl in cafeteria who was sitting by herself and i sat with her . she was really quiet until i brought up what she ... for you lughna the horse was just a decoy . for people like you i have plans within plans . mwaaa-hahahah i have tried to be happy , but in almost every instance their feelings get hurt , they're predictable to a stupid level , or i don't spend enough timet . its sucks too when someone is devoted to you and ... no vocaliziation is most of the time not necessary . i people watch and see the different signs , and stereotypes are very real you don't beleive me then a attention to certain ethnicities or sexes ... 1 . how idealistic are you ? very , i see what is and what can be . i have been very blessed and feel responsible to share those around me . 2 . how opinionated are you ? absolutely , i have been through ... i vary in style because the different appearence , but i have to look good . comfy is nice but i like looking put together and ready for the task at hand . its not that convoluted because its along the same lines of plan for the best , but expect the worst and you might be surprised . however , i play a higher stakes game because i don't mind being wrong , ... i swear you guys are so negitive i am not going after the last unicorn , and now that i have some pointers i just alter my plan . besides luck favors the prepared , and seek and you shall find . for a regular friendship i don't like alot of physical contact , but when passing through a somewhat real relationship i crave the intimacy . probably why i am looking something that can last longer ... it is usually after i insult them or prove their statment false . you know you made someone mad or they lost some important point when they say you just don't understand , you need to be more open ... '