' to me , lyrics play a big part in music . sure , a nice beat is a good addition . but listening only to the beat is most often like only eating the white cream in an oreo cookie . it might be sweet , but ... oh , this again .. i clearly remember the day i lost my faith . as a young child , i prayed for the reincarnation of dinosaurs . since it was not answered , i quickly lost any faith there was . though on ... i usually have a milkshake on the side to get the rest of my nutrition . ;) it all depends really . these days i don't put more than 10 minutes into my cooking . and that time consists of sitting by the pc as my pasta boils . usually i'll just buy something simple to toss into ... 65409 i do like the intj's on this forum , but i'm assuming that an unhealthy intj would be my worst nightmare . it's a love-hate relationship i suppose . other than that i'd have to agree with you in the ... why would you want world peace ? my best friends , i've found in the worst of places . honesty and loyalty is rare , giving it a larger value in comparison to everything else . it's in the peaceful towns ... tell him this . http://youtu.be/KM4B1U0VS4g i think this is a pretty safe bet . the majority of the world would cringe at this , but i think in your case , it would sting just a little bit more . found it over at the ... i think any introverted type is more prone to becoming pessimistic . however , i think it's a personal thing , rather than a type thing . assuming that the istp is most likely a pessimist wouldn't be a ... when i actually have something to say , about something i care about , it feels as if everyone around me just goes quiet . i'm not sure if they think i'm too foolish to engage in any conversation , or if ... that second rule is harder to follow than it might seem .. ;) how to most efficiently kill stuff . sounds sane enough , no ? : wink : though over the past year or two i've also grown interested in how to save stuff ( and by stuff i mean people ) . i like the extremes , ... my photographic - anything - is horrible , i'm afraid . even after trying hallucegenics out i couldn't see anything aside from a differently tuned reality . it's difficult for me to even imagine images in ... perhaps . but the celibat , and the religious rules ( and views ) i can live without . but believe me , there is nothing i'd enjoy more than to wander around in robes eating cheese all day . oh god .. curious as i was , i decided to visit my neighbours at isfp . the very first thread i enter proves to be filled with not only extremely sensitive people , but bossy , egostroking e's aswell ! ... you seem mad .. are you ? be honest with me now , i'm a good listener .. there's no need to keep all that anger to yourself ! i'll help you through this , just talk to me . - .. sorry . i couldn't resist . ;) i don't think there's anything embarrasing about the ones you mentioned . have you checked out the famous male istp's ? we've got tom cruise ! :d ry : on a completely unrelated note , that's one awesome cat . a while back i used to get a bit grumpy over my friends never contacting me . then i realized that i wasn't contacting them either . nowadays , i try my best to give them a poke and ask how they're ... victoriab , my eyes literally went like this ; o . o the entire time while watching your video .. i hope that show is scripted . i got cable , but i haven't plugged it in . i only really watch tv when ... as far as i'm concerned , there was one post i did not understand . the others i've dismissed much because when i ask the question is there anything i can do to fix this , is there anything i'm ... wow .. i've had contact with this guy for 3-4 years now , i think it would've become clear if he was a 15 year old kid . as for being a married man , i don't quite care . it's not a relationship i'm ... no . i literally have no idea what bago's on about . i don't understand what she's saying here . sorry if i seemed dismissive . :) no . i've promised to help him with the process , and that's what i've done . i'm afraid i have no idea what you're on about .. i'd say , let him know what's on your mind . and after that , well .. whatever happens , happens . you're both entitled to your freedom . of course there are ways of luring faithful men into sin . you as a ... i'm not a very clingy person , and he's most definitely not my pleasure stick . but if i remember correctly , it's been about two to three months of almost consistant silence . if there's anything i'm ... it's better than a guru answer in my eyes . see , i love being straightforward with people . there's nothing i enjoy less than going through a middleman with these matters , as i'd not like it if others ... this old song ? thanks for sharing . i almost forgot about this song . love it let's play with the thought that your guess is correct , because it might very well be . is there anything i could do to help ? he knows that things take time . he's one of the most well educated people ... scratch him behind the ear and i'm sure he'll cuddle up in your lap like a good little kitten . poor hazardous trees . on a more serious note , it would be fun to try . but working with it ? i can only imagine getting bored of it after a while . hello . i've been chatting with this infp for years now , pretty much every day . despite never having met , i'd say we have a pretty strong friendship , which is saying a lot . i've even been trying to ... can i have my socks back ? poor trees . thanks ! didn't know that was possible with these sheets . you are a director as a director , you combine an unusual openness and passion for beauty and style with confidence and a down-to-earth sensibility that allow you to realize your vision . since i assume there are a lot of car fanatics in this forum , i'd go ahead and recommend looking into bus workshops . it's one of the better internships i've been at . the mechanics are getting old , ... i wish i was gay , women drive me insane . i'm not sure which type my last stalker was , because i could barely call it a relationship . but i know with certainty that the f in her type overshadowed ... i wouldn't . i'm not sure what would make an istp wish for such , unless they simply enjoy creating costumes . but i don't mind watching . mostly in the hopes of spotting a pretty girl in a cute outfit ... of course ! but then again , i'll always hand things in late . anything else would be silly . i'm still waiting for a filthy rich istp to spill his secrets . oh god , lol . when it comes to choosing a project , i'll mostly state that i don't care about what's chosen , the ones i'm working on are free to pick it themselves . but once a project is chosen , i'll ... 64530 i think that judging an entire mans intellect based on his grammar , no matter if it's his first language or not , is a very foolish thing to do . i myself think it looks awful wen dey type like dis ... ah , so that's why .. everytime i visit the local pub , i keep seeing guys chat up girls in the cheesiest , most cliche ways possible . it seems to work most of the time . i've always assumed they were ... a monk ? well , that's interesting . where are you planning to become this ? i assume it's not a western religion you're aiming for , since you said monk and not nun . why not wish for a million wishes ? ;) i'm afraid my search didn't go too well . i have 3 + folders literally packed with images , an unsorted mixture of cats , erotica , generally amusing pictures , wallpapers and - .. well , anything you can ... i know i have more pictures following the same genre , collecting dust somewhere . i'll try and find them for you . '