' are you asking whether or not you should look in someone's computer or diary or something ? is my saying yes or no going to affect what you do ? that's a little silly . i think you need to make the ... i would consider myself talented when it comes to art , particularly drawing . i would not say that my intp-ness conflicts with my creativity in any way shape or form . in fact i've always believed ... java was the first language i learned , it's pretty easy but a lot of people don't like how bulky it is . python is a very easy yet powerful language to learn as well , however i'm not really a fan of ... i have an intj mother , essentially the same functions as infj , and an infj sister , and my pride drives them nuts . i totally see where you're coming from . howdy new guy . i'm a programmer but i'm not good at chatting ... and psst ... guys i swapped all of the intj's weapons with nerf guns when they weren't looking i can't stand when people are okay with ignorance . i don't mind if people are unable to understand something or if they just aren't interested , but when people just believe anything that they hear , ... if you're asking for relationship help on the internet , you should reconsider your approach . however if you are just curious , for me i am not in a relationship and haven't really been in one . i've ... til that n type logic can be a pain sometimes . i got an d on a presentation for skipping a detail i figured was obvious . 3d projection - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia i spent my last two years learning c + + and opengl and i've been interested in how the math works behind 3d graphics for a while now . i've been on ... i'm afraid i have some bad news ... you have a bad case of being-a-normal-human-ism . i'm sorry but it's lethal . idk , i've never been a really materialistic person so desire doesn't really drive me . what drives me is curiosity , however i wouldn't call myself intense , i'm pretty calm . and i don't think that ... lol then you're probably not an intp . jk but , intps tend to not be very confident in their arguments . they tend to want to know the right answer however they often try to defend their argument as ... if you're suggesting that we do something like that in this thread i'm going to have to tell you that that would be impossible . it's an interesting idea i guess , however the sheer amount of questions ... i completely agree . i think it's especially visible on this forum . i see lots of intps who sound as if they're faking it just to fit their description . i'm sure it's not just intps either . i've ... yea i know that java is very similar to c # , it was just my first language so i can't hate it . xd i have kinda stopped using it recently unless i need to make a quick gui program . also java has ... yea , i agree with a lot of you , it's not the actual coding that i'm interested in . my favorite part is the problem solving , coming up with algorithms and such . learning languages is the speed bump ... why is it boring ? also , from what i've noticed istjs aren't the programming type . in every class i've been in , it's been the n types , especially the ntps who excel in programming . back on topic , ... * twitch * txt talk * cringe * i have an infj sister and i'm an intp so we often discuss introverted and extroverted intuition . what we've found is that introverted intuition is using your already developed schema's and ... intp true neutral . here's a link to my ludumdare entry : http://stateofdaniel.com/projects/ludumDare.html please excuse any glitches , it was made in 48 hours so its not perfect . also you need java 7 to run it . i know exactly how you feel , i've been programming for 4-5 years now and have made a couple of small games but i always get bored halfway through . my advice would be to try something new . intps ... i do taekwondo and practice parkour if you count those as sports . i just started taekwondo and am at a green belt however i've been doing parkour for 3 or 4 years now and i'm pretty good . okay , for no particular reason , if all of the people of earth created alliances based on their temperament , who do you think would win ? i think that the sjs would win honestly . they tend to be ... 32 / 36 , i'm good at recognizing emotions just not dealing with them . while ( intp.isalive ( ) ) { if ( intp.isbored ( ) ) { activity a = intp . thinkofwhattodo ( ); if ( a ! = null ) { throw new intpsarealwaysboredexception ( ); } } ... i'm a senior in high school this year and i know what you mean . my intp-ness just kinda kicked in recently . up until 11th grade i had straight a's then in 11th grade i failed 2 courses because i ... as a child i was always told that i had good leadership abilities however i really dislike the idea of leading people . i think its my desire to lack responsibility . i also don't like to be lead ... intps and intjs , at least when it comes to the way they think , are very different . i come from a family with two intjs and i've noticed that we look at things very differently . an intp's ti and ne ... i've always been a big fan of the animal crossing series and i'm really excited because new leaf is coming out this sunday . are there any other excited intps out there ? i am kinda worried thought , ... wow , i didn't expect it to be so hard to think of intp villains . all i could think of were the architect from the matrix , itachi from naruto , although he becomes kinda feely later on , and l ... actually i am getting an internship this summer and i'm required to learn sql so that's cool . probably something on ios or android because it's easy to publish and i spent all summer last year learning the sdks . i have no idea about the genre but probably some sort of platformer . i personally enjoy teaching about things i like . being a teacher is actually something i'm considering . ( i'm in high school ) from what i hear from my siblings , friends etc . i'm good at explaining ... i want to start developing a game and not stop halfway through when i get to the boring repetitive parts . don't worry , it's not a skewed intuition . it's probably just your perceiving side . i think that you cannot truly be an intp unless you struggle with demotivation . after watching that i kinda just stared for a minute wondering if they were serious . i still can't tell if it was an act or not but wow . it's ok to care about the environment but these people need ... when i'm at my desk i tend to take a sock off , put my leg on my desk , and touch my toes . idk why but my mom gets irate when she sees me with 1 sock on because i forget to put it back on . to be more sarcastic . ( darn , there i go again . ) i don't care much for listening to a teacher lecture me but i very much enjoy math . i really like matrix theory and vectors if you were curious . wow that is exactly how i've felt . i've offended many people because i've always thought of love and trust as really serious topics and refused to say i love you or i trust you to some people . it ... i'd love to do computer science or game development if not i'd probably teach math because i've always been good at explaining it . remember causation is not the same thing as correlation , for example even though america has more public trash cans and advocates against littering , america still has a much larger littler problem ... banning guns in the us will do absolutely nothing . i honestly think that it is completely stupid how the government and many people think that rules are gonna stop bad things from happening . it's not ... the guy who never payed attention but somehow understood everything . also the guy to come to for math help . xd i thought that intps were supposed to like things that are pointless in reality . my favorite games are probably tf2 , all of the mario karts , and yoshi's island . tf2 is great because i really like how all of the characters are very interesting and how the gameplay is pretty unique ... i'll agree with peace being a stress-less calm feeling . i occasionally experience it and i would like to more often . i will also agree with the cool night thing . my favorite is when your sitting ... this isn't particularly the same , but i'm into game development . i want to do it as a career and it really excites me . there are sometimes when i reach issues though , for example , i don't know ... java was my first language but i prefer c + + . i know c # but i don't really like it . i'm trying to learn assembly but i can't find any good tutorials and i can do html / css / javascript '