' technically we met when we were 5 . we were in the same class during our first day of school , which i only remember because he was always getting himself into trouble . he didn't take much notice of me ... i don't think i have a concrete personality in my dreams . i'm definitely more straight-forward and less caring , more impulsive . but that's because i know the consequences don't matter . perhaps ... haven't reached the outloud stage yet , normally i keep conversations with myself inside my head . unfortunately , though i keep the words to myself , my gestures and facial expressions tend to ... oh whoops , sorry was just trying to keep it short ! the argument , like i said , was stupid . i have a younger half-brother , who my stepfather sucks up to . this guy is turning into a spoiled brat ... i rarely send friend requests , but i seem to accept anyone who adds me first . and i'd have to dislike you or be immensely bored with our conversation not to reply to a message : tongue : i've had some really bad run-ins with infjs , both online and in person . it depends on the infj in question . some infjs , such as yourself it appears , come across as humble , kind , wise , ... despite leaving a long time ago , i recall this site containing some very insightful members . sorry in advance for the length : frustrating : verryy long story short : my stepfather started an ... my boyfriend : esfp , he's the one person i can talk to about anything ... and he has to listen : wink : closest friends : infp , enfj , esfp , entp my father : istp , didn't get along with him much when i ... eek , haven't had the best experiences with them . it really depends on the individual for me . one that i'm not fond of - she's a stereotypical feminazi who's deluded herself into believing she's ... i have this problem . i use it like a two-way shield ; i'm protecting them from the potential intensity of my personality and i'm protecting myself from any harsh judgements they may make about my ... haha , aw . my relationships with isfjs vary greatly , but i'll try not to focus on the negative ones . good things : - you guys are very loyal ! i could always rely on one of them to be there for me ... we definitely have the capacity to be judgemental . infps with overbearing fi tend to be irrational assholes when people don't adhere to their own values , which is something i've often observed in the ... alright , i've been dating one of these ratbags for three years , so hopefully i can give you some sort of useful insight . we had a lot of issues at the start . he'd never had a serious relationship ... i'm going to say no to one , but that's only because my boyfriend is an esfp and he likes to stay in constant contact with me . so i'm always hearing about his interactions with everyone else , which ... i believe they were supernatural , but i'm open to other options . it's not my weirdest encounter , but one thing i would really love to figure out the meaning behind : my boyfriend and one of our ... it used to be a huge passion of mine , i see it as a means of gaining understanding of the people around me and hopefully be less judgemental of their choices / decisions / behaviours ... and indeed , it ... a lot of estps i've met seem to have no qualms about jumping in for a hug whenever the opportunity arises , whereas istps seem to be much more reserved about their personal space and touching other ... i feel like this is a really stupid question , but i am really doubting my infpness . even though i relate to the results , someone's decided to step in and trip me up over it once again . and then even ... i've been arguing with the most presumptuous , ignorant infj in the known history of mbti who believes that sensing automatically means you're an idiot , can't tell the difference between ne and ni , ... one : apparently my control freak tj friend thinks i'm manipulating the rest of the group against her while she's away on an exchange in america . oh sweetie , i don't need to use your silly games for ... age : 17 gender : female sexual orientation : bi age when you lost your virginity : 15 number of partners : 2 so i'm fucking sick of this enfp friend i have . i make myself too angry ranting about the full story , but basically she's a rude , conceited , superficial , needy , jealous , manipulative , ... my first boyfriend was an estp , we lasted pretty long given our differences and age ( about 2 years , which was a record for teenage couples at the time , pathetically enough ) . my second boyfriend ... i don't view myself as bi , let's just get that straight ( pun totally intended : 3 ) . but if i'm attracted to someone i'm attracted to them , you know ? i can't say there's anything in my mind that says ... i probably should have thought this through but i've now made my esfp friend really want a duck and he's like freaking determined he's going to get one and he asked me if i knew any duck dealers and ... i spent a whole lunch time ( almost an hour ) with two people i couldn't stand a couple of weeks ago , and my god i think it was the best lunch of my life so far this year . i haven't laughed so hard , ... i half-purposely put it there to see how many people would trip up over it , i'm sure your instatype is just fine . : kitteh : eh ... i was having a good day , what can i say ? one of us had to brighten up the photo from the norm , haha . the little one in the middle trying to hide ? : wink : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qPc4m_DGMMM i've never met an enfp male to speak of , but i don't know of anyone i've ever been attracted to who resembled the enfp type . whilst i normally take a liking to enfps at first , the females i've met ... oh , but i am # 4 nope . though i wouldn't mind looking like my isfp friend tbh ;) good try , but no cookie . : tongue : not the best photo , but spot the infp i suppose . : kitteh : 94385 you guys always make me feel like a heartless prick whenever i come back here , how are you all still so nice ? : confused : wow , i should have hated my primary school . one of my teachers was a total bitch for starters . i remember her full-on raging at me for writing with a semi-blunt pencil once , making a big scene ... what were you like during your childhood and / or teenage years compared to what you're like now ? whatever the hell i can find , to be honest . most of my favourite pens ended up turning traitor and spilling ink everywhere , sah : rolleyes : omfg , i love you guys so much ♥ one of my closest friends is enfj and even though sometimes she can overthink some things that cause her to unnecessarily freak out , she's still the most ... i've always thought of louis as an enfp . as someone else said , he's always brimming with random ideas and outbursts that would probably stem from the use of ne . i wouldn't consider him entp , to me ... im beginnning to think that i have a tendency to like the more despised members of my family , and look down upon the other members . there's a very clear popular few whenever you go to family ... i'm facing a huge dilemna about one of my friends right about now . she's an isfp , turning 17 in november , and sounds like she has some ( ok , alot , i'm just not sure whether she perceives them as ... everything you just said kinda reminded me more of the esfj i know , than any of the esfps and estps i've befriended . i can say i relate to this somewhat , but the esfp i'm close to isn't as bad as ... i know most istjs from a distance , but from what i understand , you're all very lovely people . the one i'm closest to is an overseas friend , and i value how she's capable of bringing the group ... i have a mixture of friends ; nt , nf , sj and sp . though i do have noticably fewer sj friends compared to the others . i love most of them , but the ones i'm closest to are an isfp , entp and esfp . i do ... i think some people are forgetting that its not the type , its the person that really matters . afterall , somebody up there ^ somewhere said that infps only like consistent relationships ... which i , ... the facebook mbti groups make me want to stick hot pokers in my eyes sometimes . the infp group is either subject to i know so much more than you , but i'm far too above you to share my knowledge ... on the surface , infps don't appear to be considered the type of people to do anything fun / wild . so , this could be anything that general society might consider abnormal or behaviour that is frowned ... new zealand i have slightly abnormal ones , such as aliens , commitment and umbrellas closing on my head . '