' hi wanted 188 ! which country are you from , if i may ask ? i feel like the u . s . is overwhelmed by extroverts ( that or we're just super loud ha ha ) , but certain european countries have more introverts ... hi breanna , questions about life are always good ! what kinds of things are you questioning ? sorry to hear that you're having a stressful year , but sometimes , that's what helps us grow ! here is an ... thanks everyone for all your advice ! i appreciate it , even if some of it's not what i want to hear lol ( that's why i go to you entjs ! ) . you help me process my feelings in a logical , rational manner ... speaking of avatars , what part of the body is your avatar tattooed on ? anyone into licking weenises ? : blushed : jesus , you're 21 ? ? ? it's like all you entjs are born enlightened ! sadly , the friend zone definitely exists , and it's why i've never been in a relationship :/ guys prefer someone manipulative and ... omg . you guys are amazing * starry eyed * i love you even more because i know i can't have you . yes , you guys are sexy and unattainable . tell me about the crazy ways you have sex ! we can has ... oh , of course , so sorry ! have reposted to that thread . hello entjs ! i have wandered over to your part of the jungle ( careful with those teeth D: ) in order to inquire how an enfp could snag herself an entj coworker . i'm coming to you folks because you ... i was just being playful about the rocket comment . :( i'm sorry , i should havhave worded things better . i should have explained myself better in the beginning . i didn't mean for this thread to come ... ... that went over my head , in typical nt --> nf fashion , ha ha . did you write that word on your rocket to jupiter ? aww , i think esfjs are sweet . unfortunately , i've run into quite a couple who have seemed to have low self-esteem , and didn't have the best relationships :( . but they will always bend over backwards ... yes , exactly ! cat ? check . evil ? check . chess player ? check . definitely an intj ! hi hayden ! nice to meet you . my name's alisa . i'm really happy there are so many infps on this board ! what is your concept of the ego ? i've been reading a book that discusses the idea of having ... hi matt ! it's nice to meet a fellow enfp :) . i'm alisa ! lmao i feel you on the procrastination . i'm procrastinating from what i'm supposed to be doing right now , in fact . what's something that ... hi matt ! * waves * infps are like human versions of chocolate . sweet and comforting :) 3 of my best friends are infps . yay , infp dudes exist ! hope you enjoy your forum stay . hello má ! nice to meet an infp :) i treasure your kind ( enfp here ) ! you're all so sweet and very much appreciated . what got you interested in mbti ? 104914 hi ubister ! sorry , i don't know how to make images bigger here . but if you click on the link , you'll see a picture of the intp / intj difference . ^ _ ^ my best friend's an intj , too :) i'm ... 104906 yay , another intj ! welcome ! might i inquire as to what your username represents ? hey y'all ! figured i'd stop by since we're practically neighbors ( enfp here ! ) . so i miss having some entpness in my life ( yes , i know what that word sounds like when you say it out loud x_x ) .  ... hello entjs ! i have wandered over to your part of the jungle ( careful with those teeth D: ) in order to inquire how an enfp could snag herself an entj coworker . i'm coming to you folks because you ... hmm , interesting . i think that was the case with one of the guys , but the other guy was obviously very sexually attracted to me and seemed to like being around me . i think he was just immature . welcome , fellow enfp ! lol , it's creepy , i feel i could have written this xd * hugs * let's skip the small talk ! what do you believe is your main purpose in this life ? what were you put on earth to ... ha ha ! i should have clarified that my intj friend is of the female variety , and i'm looking for a male intj specimen ;) also , i think she's half cat . not sure yet ! hmmm , that's interesting . as an over-emotional enfp , i usually * like * having calm people around me during difficult situations . if he were trapped in a car full of enfps , they'd be crying , panicking ... where would i find your sexy male intj brethren in chicago ? : 3 you introverts make yourselves hard to find ! xd omgomg i love infjs and i love your insightful , deep questions ! can we be besties ? * puppy dog eyes * as an enfp , i am magnetically drawn to you folks . and i would totes love to share creative writings ... hi hubcap ! i live in the midwest , too . in chicago , so the metropolitan feel makes it a bit less midwesterny ( not so much mom hair around here xd ) . what brings you to the midwest , and how do you like ... hi zaiya ! nice to meet you . what kind of kitty cat do you have ? i'll bake a cake with you ! what kind of cake ? my real life intj friend and i once made an orange rum cake . it was very good ! though ... hello , fellow enfp ! how are you doing today ? : 3 hi torrnickel ! * waves * i'm an enfp , so i guess not much for adding variety xd . what brought you to the perc forums ? what are your hobbies ? besides slowly and subtley taking over the world , of ... ha ha ! you guys are a riot :) i'm actually an enfp ! but my mom's an istp , so she'll join your party ! ha ha , there's the enfp general idea thing going . not so much a details person , but i'll try . i'm talking specifically in regards to romantic love . i've had some pretty crappy experiences where a ) ... * cries sensitive nf tears * yes ! ! ! this is exactly what i'm referring to ! it's like , i'm naturally flirty , how do i up the ante from my natural flirtyness for someone i'm truly interested in ? i mean , i even am flirty with ... hello intjs ! i figure you guys are the ones most likely to take a scientific approach to dating , so this enfp's curious : how do you approach dating ? do you feel you utilize your nt logic ? and , if ... oh , thanks for the tip ! what kind of test do you recommend using ? t'is a pleasure to meet you , good sir ! i like what you had to say about connections in life and valuing the few , precious ... i normally get enfp as my test results , but according to the jungian cognitive functions test , i have a lot of fe . weird , i know xd awww , you guys should try to meet some nfs , especially enfjs . or , really , any type with a highly developed fe ( entps work , too ) . personally , as an enfp ( with a lot of fe ) , i try to include everyone ... awww , thank you ! i think he's just really confused . he's also 22 years old , so it could just be a maturity thing ? i did have fun talking to him about my crazy invention ideas . like a portable butt ... i shall take you up on your suggestion ! awww , don't be sad ! i love you infjs ; i just think this guy was a borderline t or something . he seemed more married to his work than open to dating , which is ... ha ha , i tried a male infj , but he was a little too serious for me . on the first date , he asked me how many children i wanted o_o . is that a typical infj thing ? also , he admitted he didn't really ... hi boheme ! a very fitting username for an infp :) welcome to this forum . i hope you get the feedback you're looking for ! hello fellow enfps ! so , embarrassing as it is to admit , i don't know how to flirt with guys i actually like ( i'm 24 and never been in a relationship t_t ) . i'll do a little enfp flirting with people ... omg , you folks are every bit as amazing as the infps i know in real life <3 i hope this letter gave you a confidence boost , because you deserve it ! i see all the things you do for people that go ... hi lisa , no , you're definitely not in the wrong group ! there are a great many enfps here :) aw , rescue dogs are very sweet , but they do tend to scare easily ! mr . cheetos sounds like a cutie pie ... i've never actually met an intp before ! what are you folks like ? :) you can have baskets and rainbows , moonlight_echo ! just no nt experiments on the kittens xd awww , no offense meant , disguise ! i actually quite adore entps ; in fact i got my heart broken by an entp this week :( perhaps you could restore my faith in entps by reminding me of all your wonderful ... aww , i love the name belladonna ! reminds me of this song : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0pxD5xmHwGw thank you ! my hair's colored ombre , so brown on top and lighter blonde at the bottom . i'm ... self portrait by leonora carrington emotional invalidation , rejection ( that's a big one ! ! ! ) , harsh words , blunt speaking manners , and injustice all make me cry '