i clash so hard with intjs and istjs . they're easily my least favorite types . nevermind free will . suppose the universe is mechanistic and deterministic . what about qualia and emotion ? they are real to me , but not found in any universe . where does the explanation for sensation ... so meta k 304 the violin sonata dunedin nz that's very rude . stop mocking people who need legitimate help with their intp boyfriends ... proselytizers never been in one i hated abstract mathematics . real analysis and number theory were so boring . always seemed so pedantic and couldn't relate to any of it . more applied flavors were interesting to me . stochastic ... hypochondria and schizoid are probably the main ones , if they count at all as ' disorders ' . sorry but you are a high school student with no formal exposure to physics yet you claim to understand some of the deepest topics in theoretical physics . nobody is going to take you seriously . if you ... i understood this as consequentialism vs . deontology , both of which i cannot disagree with as a moral nihilist . but finding consequentialism less objectionable than deontology , i voted for the former . people seek in their partners what they lack in themselves . so it could also be a statement of humility . such a rebel . regardless of whether it's dead , philosophy is not science , and shouldn't be treated as such . this seems to me to be the root of this conflict . that would really suck . there should be a rule to forbid new threads on iq tests and religious affiliation ( or lack thereof ) . these threads come up over and over again , and without exception , tend not to provoke any new ... it's like drake's equation , only more depressing . three books that changed my world : dawkin's selfish gene wilson's on human nature feynman's lectures on physics three-volume set it's just a farmer's almanac . people mystify it too much . if the i ching really had anything relevant to say about the universe , what is the source of it's power ? u3000is it logical deduction ? or ... i thought the title was an euphemism for masturbating or sex . i'm sick minded ... recalcitrant tear gas you might relate to this politicians are wont to cant . does that count ? also i like using uncommon meanings of common words , like : pace the bulls , the economy's performance last quarter has been quite pedestrian . gender stereotypes , when applied broadly to the entire population as a whole , tend to be empirically true . hence why people make them . there is no reason to be infuriated . people who make ... take him to caltech jet propulsion laboratory clearly you seem to care about nihilism 219586 venice . they suck , so it's more challenging . :D woah ! ! i knew von neumann was smart , but i didn't know he was so smart that he could theorize things despite being dead . ( john von neumann died in 1957 . ) i would choose all intjs , maybe with one entj thrown in to act as their leader and manage external relations . the intj quality is best suited for achievement in this world . my 2 rules : 1 . never live by any life rules . 2 . never create any self-referential logical paradoxes . lol , so caustic ! :d ry : that sounds like something i would do too ... we're very afraid of initiating emotional or physical contact . when you sent him mixed messages , in his eyes , you rejected him . if you want him , i ... yes . iron is an essential mineral ; a lack of iron will cause severe anemia and / or death . sounds like you need nt friends . :D are you in college ? why force ? aside from eating and breathing , we don't have the motivation to force ourselves into anything . intp shyness is more likely due to nihilism , solipsism or laziness than anxiety . up until college i had no social life . i had acquaintances but lacked friends that i connected with on a personal level . i only started having a social life when i met other intps with similar ... how recalcitrant of her to be so non-amorous ! i like your use of the word ' defiantly ' there . on first glance it seems to be a typo for ' definitely ' , but the sentence nonetheless makes sense . a very ... what is the universe ? bubbling quantum fields and curved space-time . one day we'll figure it out ... i have to challenge the assumption in the thread title . do intps and entjs get along at all ? i can't speak for all intps , but my personal answer is ' no ' . not that i dislike them , but interactions ... in freshman year , on weekends when i was bored but didn't want to deal with people , i would walk long distances in random directions to explore the city i was in . that was a fascinating and memorable ... watch tv convert to any religion become a politician he's doing his phd ? he's probably busy as hell ... possibly so busy he can only respond to your messages once every few days . that's the only insight i can offer ... intps are terrible people . if ... 1 . middle name , mbti type , and enneagram if you want to include it : n / a ; intp ; nope 2 . what is your favorite color ? pink 3 . what is the capital of assyria ? you mean ' what was ' the capital of ... emotionally manipulative , rude , an asshole - i'm all of the above ... so i can't really help you here . but at least i'm honest ? : crazy : we're no good at relationships . our natural state is solitude ... wouldn't work on me . i go to the bookstore for the books , not the unexpected acts of courtship . i can sort of relate to the op . going into college i had broad interests and it was difficult , even agonizing , to pick a college major . how i ended up deciding was i just tried everything i could ... it's intpish to not conform to stereotypes . therefore , everything i do is intpish . but since everything i do is intpish , i just conformed to a stereotype , and therefore everything i do is not ...