' well , here's the deal : i wouldn't let you house sit for me , but i would drop my kids off at your place to watch for the night ; yet , i wouldn't lend you money , though i would ask you for help in ... hello , joup , i am an intj 5w6 sp / sx . why are you wondering where you are ? do you suffer from short-term memory loss or dysplasia in your cerebral cortex ? did you wake up in a strange place with a ... it'd be a good night if i could find where i stashed that damned litre of redbreast 12 - yr-old irish ! it might even be a good morning as well , if i find it . * cheers * what i mean is that you leave far too much room for interpretation : are you interested in what i think of my next door neighbor , my friend across town , or the entire lot of human civilization ? ... regardless of the amount time spent on resolving whom is wrong and right , everything is nothing and nothing is simply what matters most to you alone . arguments are merely distractions from the ... it is my opinion that the value we see in certain people is created by our perception of them , a direct result of interpersonal experience . we form friendships and see attributes in people through ... two of my late literature professor and my behavioral science proctor . outside of the academic realm i have met only one other person whom i regarded as more intelligent than myself , yet i believe i ... within this context , you are doing well . unless you are a humanitarian , in which case , you would be doing good . i was joking . i tend to be more dry than i think myself to be . avoidance was the point of the comment ; compliments - - no matter their intent - - generally make me feel put-on-the-spot , therefore nervous in light of perceived expectations . what was the question ? you have stroked what little ego i have to the extent of perspiration . not all , just yours . your perspective sounds far too tainted by previous objectors as to be accurate . i believe you've been mistyped . 1 . ) i have had a rather faineant day . 2 . ) i am thinking about how many litres of liquor will render me inebriated . 3 . ) i don't any particular way and i can't go into detail as to why , simply ... don't diss my aruarian dance , man . something tells me that if i used old english text mt on a regular basis people would think i aspire to work at a renaissance fair , or colonial williamsburg . i don't . tell him to buy his ticket now , before the prices are jacked up around the middle of fall . i personally haven't met many intjs in my life so i dont have much experience but i feel the same way about friendships with anyone in general . if we have some common interests ( like that nujabes in ... and that's a fact , jack . that isn't a question . : ghost : that's hilarious . do you get in trouble if you're caught reading late at night ? parents are the worst . thank you for the compliment . i tend to like keeping one side of a room darker than the other , certainly when there is a television in the darker end . i find that it is far easier to be swept up in ... a lot of things remind me of a georgia o'keeffe painting . damn woman , imposing vaginas on everything . i've added you . i have no preference as long as you can provide interesting conversation . i would choose a 10ftx14ft room with wooden floors , four walls and one medium , square window on the wall facing the door . i would paint the walls black ; hang thick , white drapes over the window and ... i worry more about the talking heads getting to me . are you still accepting applications for the dungeon management position ? as i begin the process of putting my thesis together , i realize that i have a desperate need for new music . as someone who plays an instrument i can find something to appreciate in almost every genre ... * are there any i don't believe so , but i personally prefer times new roman , or helvetica if i'm feeling particularly festive . as it pertains to the realm of social interaction , i hardly have enough of an attention span to make it this far in the conversation . unless someone has demonstrated their worth beforehand , or ... depending on the person , yes , i would have to agree with you . however , response time is essential to my belief in another person's responses . i am a very skeptical and altogether paranoid person , ... small talk is not a necessary evil - - at least in my field . truth and novelty are more respected in my realm of study than anything else . - - - as it relates to the first major interaction with my best friend ( cyrus ) , i asked him what he saw as the outcome of his lifespan . naturally , he thought i was joking and responded with light , ... as far as i'm concerned the initial meeting and inherent response of a person is the most important . past the primary interaction , i leave little to faith . i have found similarities and camaraderie ... in my experience , it is most necessary to consider your own reaction in the face of such an event . sadly , i can't respond as objectively as i would like to : as i have been on the receiving end of ... as one intj to another , i would say it is most helpful when you vocalize what you are feeling or experiencing . even in romantic , long term relationships , i have found it more helpful to voice my ... i'm sure that it isn't anything more than your overbearing sense of camaraderie and familiar sensibility that spooks people . other than that , i can't imagine much else other than severe facial ... giagigi @ i didn't read your post , but i had to say that i appreciate your profile picture . michiko and hatchin is a great series that leaves me reminiscent of black lagoon , save for all the ... during the earlier portion of my undergraduate degree i was taking an english modernism course and was assigned a group writing project , with the intention that each group consist of four people ... i'm doing well enough . that sure is some comic sans font there . how are you ? i have to say something , because it's going to gnaw at my brain stem if i don't : why would you bring up the fact that ... in my experience infjs are simply too warm for my liking and take criticism very personally . additionally , it is difficult to understand the stringent sense of morality surrounding them . this is my ... ( in response to creator of thread . ) whose nipples are you talking about ? what kind of nipples are they ? what are they attached to ? are they vestigial ? are they your nipples ? how do you know they ... this is an interesting - - albeit slightly unusual - - secondary option to the mbti scale . global 5 : sloan rcoei ; sloan + rc | o | ei ; primary organized ; r ( 72 % ) c ( 54 % ) o ( 90 % ) e ( 68 % ) i ( 72 % ) rcoei ( 2.4 % of ... depending on how practical the villain's motive and execution are , i find myself siding with the antagonist of a story more often than the designated protagonist . the valiant hero trope tends to turn ... quite frankly , i think the term misguided is more appropriate as far as my perspective is concerned . regardless , it has been my experience that those ruled by emotion and indecision are the most ... it is my opinion that fairy tales hold great importance in child development , being that they are some of the first lessons - - aside from religion - - children learn concerning moral scope and ... polonium and cyanide are incredibly toxic chemicals , consequently leading me to read his / her name as poisonpoison . although , cyanide is not a known compound of polonium - - synthetic or otherwise . you've done splendidly , thank you . http://manvsdebt.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/05/you-did-it.jpg i'm asking for you to give me an example of your perception of time and reality as you see it : the purpose of this is provide me with an alternate , external perspective to compare my own with . ... recently , i've been examining my perception of time and the difficulties associated with an inherent , loose grip on reality . as i can only use personal experiences to a limited degree - - or run the ... '