i have a similar desire to have in my relationships that you expressed ( an unspoken mutual affection and understanding of one another ) . i did not go without that in my relationship with my entp . have ... my full experience is found here . any relationship will work when two people want it to . the way i figure it is se is my weakness . because of that i have to work to master it . usually over indulgence is my downfall . i have become more comfortable with physical sensations and work more to ... 1 . blood transfusion . save the patient or respect the families religious beliefs and effectively let her die ? respect the parent's beliefs because they don't violate my own . i will however inform ... hello ! thank you all for your replies . * update : i ended things with him shortly before thanksgiving . previously we went to a military ball and i was thrilled ! i've never had an occasion to dress ... tj's of the forum , tell me - if you knew you had a power and could not control it , wouldn't it make sense to you to spend your time locked away learning how to control it ? application of ideas ... i'm unsure how much you know about islam ... in any situation when one is giving up their upbringing to go their own way , there will be things that stick . as an ex-christian , i'm sure there are some ... there's no girl back home . i have considered that as well . i have expressed to him however , that if he's ever unhappy to just tell me and leave . there is no need to drag anything out . thank ... fair enough . he too used to be a heavy drinker as well . mainly while he had to be deployed . i guess i'm starting to understand his behavior and his ways . it makes sense for him to want to be ... i see what you're saying then . in our more intimate moments he has proclaimed he wants me to be the mother of his children . he has told me how many kids he wants to have as well . let's just say he ... do you speak from experience ? i could see that being his reasoning . if i had to guess it his enneagram would be 7w6 / 6w7 . i'm an 8w9 / 5w4 , a bit conflicted on that but i identify more with 8w9 . as mostly an 8 i am assertive but i ... thank you for the reply ! i have found your post very insightful :) the thought of eating pork is absolutely repulsive to me . there are other reasons why i don't eat it beyond my religious ... he seems to want to go his way and do his own thing aside from his duties . he is a performer but an artist above all . he write most of the songs for bigbang . cultural deviance seems to be his thing ... i'm looking for a little male ( or female :) ) entp insight . thank you in advance ! question / situation 1 : so me and my boyfriend have been together for some time now . our relationship happened pretty ... do you create images in your head via external stimuli or internal ? are you imaginative ? ixfp i would choose for him . he's like a male kpop lady gaga . deff type 4 . hyorin ( sistar ) esfp min ( miss a ) entp this is based off their personal social networking accounts , interviews and variety show appearances . estp would fit . she ( medea ) kind of avoids responsibility for anything that has nothing to do with her . she's loud and impulsive . but can harness tertiary fe to be helpful . all the while maintaining ... mother - ixtj . she has typed and self-identifies with being an istj but she loves to discuss the abstract though doesn't see its practicality . understandably so . she is a traditionalist in certain ... in all 7 pages , i have made 2 posts ( 3 including this one ) . so much for trying to control the thread . in the first post i made , i asked under what circumstance ? there are many where the ... this discussion is going to go nowhere ( hasn't gone anywhere - _ - ) if the conditions to this question aren't defined . too many are left to their own devices trying to connect dots using vague lines to ... i think of it more as an educated guess . following the patterns while referring past , future and present to draw typically accurate assessments . i don't see what the problem is . my consciousness would no longer be active there . i would not be aware in my old universe that i've ceased to exist . it would be something similar to death . i think you should give us a situation where there would be need for that divide before i can answer the question properly . generally speaking , i'd say the collective . but this all depends on the ... * facepalm * you're offended . whomp . my insistence upon lincoln not being an isfp has nothing to do with sp types in general . but i wouldn't expect you to pick up on that . that inferior ni . no ... then you should reread the post as well lol you should reread the post . carefully . i'm working under the idea that clarke is a stressed / unhealthy istp , if she is one at all . which is why she differs from raven . though she doesn't need to be a stressed or unhealthy istp to exhibit ... lexa has a serious hard-on for her people's traditions and ways . that screams sj to me . has no sympathy for clarke despite admitting feelings for her , t over f . she's a leader above all else . estj . ... i personally think emily is an unhealthy intj than an infj gone bad as others have put . we need more sources for descriptions of the ni-fi loop to paint emily's behaviors in a way that it can be ... there's a lot more to the infj / infp divide than undecided j / p . the cognitive functions operate differently as well . infj : ni fe ti se infp : fi ne si te you're an enneagram 4w5 . that's clear ... hahahaha , my best friend and step dad are enfp's . you people are all over the place ( ne-te looping ftw ) . it's refreshing for some . a little strange for the sj population sometimes . overall , just know ... clarke - i'd be willing to make a case for istp . i don't see her as a dom or aux fe user at all . maybe fi , but not fe . lexi - estj bellemy - entj octavia - esfp jasper - isfp ( ? ) . he took lead when he ... brb , watching frozen again . this time i'll take notes . will return with results . i'm actually not . * facepalm * introverted functions tend to be subjective . i used si as an example . feel better ? anybody can be selfish , fe user or fi user , if you're leading with a perceiving function like si . else uses 0 % te . let's not imagine things here . the case for istj is closed . no type loops ... lana ? fe dom ? * facepalm * archer : entp . leaning more towards estp based on cognitive functions . entp based on his personality and mbti description . lana : entj . her obvious no bullshit attitude . ... i don't like anime , but i have enjoyed certain series . inuyasha , full metal alchemist and case closed are my favorite . but i've seen a bunch . i am half japanese so , there's my appeal . xstp's i say isfj . fe is not just about emotionally vomiting on everyone . its about being selfless and considering others feelings . all those for istj - where's the te ? seriously . let it go is not the fi ... i wanted to be dictator for a long time . devised a plan for it and everything . still kind of appeals to me , but eh . don't make me vomit . there only 2 true intj types : mature and immature . many fall within the latter . many feed too much into the hype and try to live up to the all mighty intj mastermind title . they're missing out if you ask me . intj or not , i'm still me . which can't be confined to 4 letters . consistency . to answer the question simply . be who you are always . i agree 100 % on the initial enneagram typings . kagome : infj . a young one . has anybody who typed her as an esfj actually met an esfj ? seriously - . - inuyasha : estp kikyo : infj . the key dynamic of ... you're joking right ? fe and fi operate so differently , i don't see how you could be confused . xntj would be better . she has a clear preference to making decisions that are objective and not ... yeah i'm a gemini and i'm an intj . i'm not social at all . i cant stand to be around people . i guess you could assume based on the common description of geminis that we'd be esxp types but nope ...