' mbti - intj enneagram ( with wing ) - either 8w7 or counterphobic 6w5 alignment - neutral good instinctual variant ( so / sx / sp ) - sx / sp or sp / sx hogwarts house - gryffindor that's what matters . j / p is fucked up for introverts . i honestly believe that in many cases people who score ixxp or ixxj on traditional tests are at least as likely to be the opposite j / p type in ... also , i think it's kind of funny that you mentioned the possible slight correlation between the n / s and p / j scales as though it's somehow relevant . even if they are broadly correlated , that says ... if the dichotomies are all independent scales that isn't necessary . the idea that introverts as a rule are softer than extroverts is obviously not true . as we've been over before , it's also very ... reviving an old thread here but i don't agree with this at all . i think e / i could be equally hard or soft depending on the person . for example a bubbly , fluffy , chatty enfj is going to be way , ... you made multiple typos in the same post in a manner that was too consistent to seem coincidental , asshole . first you say that intjs don't do well with extroverted thinking despite it being the ... it's all right , i just don't care for people presuming to know me better than i do ( again--fi ) , certainly not random people on the internet . i was probably a bit too harsh in response myself ... tl ;D r : i like belle and will type her whatever type i think i am . the idea that belle is anything but an inf is pretty ridiculous on its face . infj i could maybe see an argument for , but not ... uh ... no . i'm not looking only at the inferior to judge , i am looking at the whole picture , the dynamics of the functions in the stack ( including the repression of the inferior ) is the entire ... is it really any different from the animated version ? in that it was : belle - infp beast - intj gaston - estp candle - esfp clock - istj i don't think even socionics does that . though honestly i don't even know what the fuck to make of socionics , i decided i wasn't going to take it seriously as soon as i heard about visual ... uh ... what the fuck are you talking about ? intj second function is extroverted thinking , infj is extroverted feeling . either infj who spent much of his early years in the grip of inferior se or istp who integrated ni-fe functions really well later in his life . i have no doubt what his function axes ( ni-se and ti-fe ) ... as i've explained elsewhere , the inferior function is the least conscious , the least accessible , the most alien to a person , the blind spot that is repressed . so having the most distant connection ... i get it , xntjs are often pretty damn arrogant . but extps can also be extremely arrogant . though i suppose in the former case it comes across more as true arrogance that gets under people's skins , ... well yes , it's a product of inferior ni . the desire to present everything as the best , the biggest , the boldest , the flashiest - - that kind of ridiculous hyperbole ( trump himself called it ... it absolutely boggles my mind that there are people who cannot see that trump is the living embodiment of se , specifically estp . like , how is there still any debate about this ? trump is not te ... guten tag ! sehr gut logic , mein freund . https://media1.britannica.com/eb-media/58/129958-004-C9B8B89D.jpg also he , you know , didn't actually win the popular vote and was only elected ... you stole my line . even if that is the case ( and i'm not sure why you say it is ) , is the fact that snape--the half-blood prince--clearly disregarded the by-the-book instructions , came up with his own innovative and ... not really , as the lower functions ( at least or especially the inferior--there is debate about the role of the tertiary that i won't get into here as it's not relevant ) are suppressed . they are the ... mike is clearly an intp . jay is probably more infp . both are snarky pretentious geeks who love to over-think films , but jay is usually a lot softer . god only knows what the fuck rich evans is . ... i've changed my mind , decided i'm an intj after all . the te-fi axis seems to be undeniably present in me despite my attempts to rationalize it as a product of dominant ti , and i think i have inferior ... i don't agree with any of this . it's completely inconsistent with his characterization in the series . yoda , a 900 - year-old sage we are meant to accept as a source of ultimate wisdom , and who has ... i start writing and figure it out as i go . this has never failed me . personality is not nearly as stable across the lifespan as some believe . children and adolescents , in general , are more extroverted , more open , and less conscientious . ( i . e . are pulled more in the ... i'll put explanations next to typings that go against the consensus or are otherwise unconventional . qui-gon : infj obi-wan : infj ( he acts more like an istj in the prequels - stern , irritable , ... to return to the op : the reason some say he has been typed as isfp is that for some inexplicable reason he was listed as one on some early internet type pages . i can't find any of them still standing ... i'm going to be serious myself for a second . you can argue that trump is smart in the same kind of way a lot of sociopaths ( and estps ) are smart : good at manipulating and conning gullible idiots . ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ztVMib1T4T4 the point is he's accusing people of being retarded self-typed sensors simply for not agreeing with him ( which in his mind means you're dumber than him ) , implying s is inherently retarded unlike ... again , i do not see what there is to interpret . it is clear . you are the one who evidently does not understand what you read . let's break it down again . he's not entirely wrong , but ... no . no it was definitely sweeping generalization .   ... what ? what he said and what he meant was abundantly , obviously clear in context . like there is no doubt about it . he's saying the reason ... no , only i am . he only thinks he is . what is a critical hit if not calling others retarded and variations thereof , directly and indirectly ? if you mean only that my insults had more wit ... because it did . and notice i was still attacking only the statement , which he still had not clarified at all , not the person making the statement . he was most definitely the first to get personal ... uh ... it's true that he thinks that , clearly . but what he thinks sure as fuck is not actually true . i understand that , but he's still wrong . if he wants to start a whole new interpretation of jung of his own , fine . but to claim that somehow the mbti test indicates the opposite preferences for e / i ... jamaia so apparently you are illiterate as well then ? let's consider the facts , slowly , since that is apparently necessary with you people . 1 . it started when he said the following : ... there's nothing to assume . it is an objective , verifiable fact what myers and briggs were intending to measure with the p / j scale ( which they invented and you are now trying incoherently to ... oh the irony . by the way , this ? yeah , that wasn't a mere relational example . the only serious validity mbti has is its correlation to the big five . when that goes out the window , it all goes out the ... okay , you're not that bright . you've made that clear , because we just fucking established that he started the whole fucking conflict and escalated it despite my attempts to de-escalate it . this is ... i treat others as they treat me , and i give their ideas only the respect they deserve . no more and no less . how about this : instead of being a condescending prick , why don't you actually read ... this is objectively false and is in fact the complete opposite of reality . you are clearly woefully misinformed on this matter . yet you have the nerve to state blatant falsehoods definitively as ... this is not accurate . i am highly aware of the actual correlations between mbti and big five . mbti n correlates with openness . not p . neither correlate to extroversion ( which is of course another , ... just to remind everyone how all this began : so this is him literally saying that everyone who is not the same type i think i am is a retarded idiot . in the exact same post where he is ... the point was that they are inseparably linked . i . e . the ideas are proof of your insanity . i stand by this claim . i absolutely did not . i suggest making use of your browser's back button . i would have if he would have defined his claim in a coherent fashion ( and also presented it in a less hostile ... i don't have a point other than that your point is bullshit . and it is so obviously bullshit on its face to literally everybody except you that attempting to seriously deconstruct it would be a ... you know what's really funny ? you talking about proving things . that's funny . you know what else is funny ? implying it's somehow less mentally healthy to not spend five years and ... '