' i want to get better grades this semester , get back in shape , and get a job at a lab somewhere ! fredward put it very nicely . just like gender is a social construct , so is femininity . there is nothing inherently feminine , or , likewise , masculine about anything and it's just society categorizing ... i've been wondering lately why presidential libraries are called libraries , if they don't hold any books for people to check out . thank you , fsm , for gracing this world with pirates , even if we were too blind too see their greatness at the time . do your laundry . clean your room . organization is key to a successful life . because i said so . [ insert interest here ] is bullshit . reading fanfiction while pretending to be asleep . i don't actively seek friends . i mean , i want to , but i can never work up the courage to initiate contact with strangers . so basically , i just allow whoever approaches me first to show me around / sit ... i'm pretty sure that most of my post count is due to these sudden urges to interact with someone ; in real life i'm a lot more receptive to social interaction after spending a long time alone ... congrats , freyaliesel ! sherlock ~ ! as a fan of crime dramas , i have to say that this is one of the best ones i've seen . i was very disappointed to find only three episodes ; i don't want to wait till 2012 for the second ... congratulations ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iEPTlhBmwRg&ob=av2n it's been in my head all day . i hate how in action movies they just whip out some badly developed romance out of nowhere . stick to the action , i want to say ! that was an awesome read ; so entertaining to pronounce the words and see where you slip up ! i've always considered myself a ravenclaw , although when i take my sorting hat quizzes i usually score high in both slytherin and ravenclaw ; but ravenclaw is most often the highest score , and i like ... are you me ? i do this , almost word for word , whenever i'm not not focusing on something . i usually mouth / whisper my script , with all these hand gestures and i'm hardly paying attention to anything ... is that a wand in your pocket , or are you just excited to see me ? when i'm done with you , they'll be calling you moaning myrtle . if you don't shut up this instant , i swear to the god that ... money comes with a lot of freedom , so i want it , yeah . i am a bit of a materialist ; i like having little trinkets and toys and want to buy things when i feel like it . i also couldn't live in a little ... congrats mrshatter ! you devious mafioso , you . : tongue : i just finished a slice of my mother's birthday cake . i have too many from creating rp characters . indiana , innocent , ira , ezra . i like alexandra and michaela too . they all sound cooler than my actual name . i start 11th grade tomorrow ( well , today , because it's 2 am and i'm an idiot for not sleeping ) , and i generally like high school ; the closer you get to graduation the more flexibility you have in ... this is me . about a week ago i tried to explain the mbti to my family , and it was a complete disaster because i couldn't translate my knowledge into words . my dad was able to get me because he had a ... digiorno pizza . a ) hm . yeah . if i've spent a lot of time alone , i'll be more willing to socialize and spend time with others for more time than usual when i finally come out of my shell . b ) i don't know . it ... i would love to spend my time being busy , but only with things that interest me . so i wouldn't mind , say , reading two books in a day and then suddenly deciding to teach myself a language ; that would ... i have no problem answering phone calls , it's just calling people , especially strangers , that terrifies me . my dad has a habit of asking ( read : ordering ) me to make calls to order pizza / take out or ... i can be extroverted sometimes , when i'm comfortable with the situation i'm in or with the company i'm with . i can't tell you when or exactly what kind of situation i'd need to be outgoing and stuff , ... oliver twist by charles dickens . no organization at all . when i'm in the mood for character a , i will daydream about a for a while , maybe switch to character b if i feel like it . or i'll pair a and b together and just ... watch ... as far as i can remember , i've always daydreamed in some way before going to bed . letting my mind wander helps me relax and i simply like to do it . bedtime seems like the only time i can daydream ... i have a whole harem of fictional characters that i'm crushing on and i don't see it shrinking anytime soon ... not infp , but i wanted to throw that out there . . _ . i am going to take advantage of itunes and learn a new language . japanese . or maybe latin . edit : http://www.openculture.com/freeonlinecourses i will be perusing this website . chemistry , ... you are suddenly one of my favorite people of the day . i think i distinguish visual patterns more easily than any other kind . and i have to second chrysantheist ' s interest in predicting human behaviors based on pattern . although i'm much less proficient ... george carlin , jeff dunham , and gabrielle iglesias are my favorites . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sDkhzHQO7jY http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1uwOL4rB-go ... i don't really like math , i actually really dislike it , but i really do enjoy graphing equations ( when i have a calculator , of course ) . y = mx + b , y = ax ^ 2 + bx + c , y = a ( x-h ) ^ 2 + k . i really do like my ... it depends on the idea . if it's one for a story , i'll pretty much drop everything i'm doing ( or at least try to finish everything as quickly as possible ) and try to write it / develop the storyline a ... i hate bugs . i don't care if i'm a thousand times bigger than them , if i see one i will freak out and get someone to kill it for me . and then i'll be worried about more of them lurking around and ... depending on the situation , i laugh it off or act like it didn't affect me and i'm not feeling like a complete idiot . then , later on , i'll dwell on my idiocy like a madwoman and wonder if the fates ... if you'd asked me several weeks ago if i was worried about moving to a new place where i didn't know anyone , i'd have said no . but now that i'm one month from starting a new school it seemed to just ... to me it would seem that i wouldn't be able to have valuable / entertaining / deep conversations an anti-intellectual or bounce ideas off of them , and my relationships with people are generally based off ... there's always the possibility of pairing it with another major , like biology . i guess it would all depend on what you want to do when you get out of college . for example , if you were to go onto ... nothing tickles my funny bone like a good dose of irony , anachronisms , and sarcasm . puns and good old juvenile humor also get me smiling . and i do smile or chuckle at some of my own jokes , because ... i had shrimp egg drop soup ; made it myself , i'm proud to say . i haven't died yet , so i must've done well . before i got my laptop ( in seventh grade , i think ) i'm pretty sure i spent all my time reading or writing , playing imaginary games with my cousin whenever she came over . i definitely went out and ... i'd still have sex with myself . maybe impregnate my copy after a while , see where that goes . chances are that if i woke up as a male , my clothes would probably look ridiculous on me , or just not ... i actually do this a lot , just playing out different scenarios with people i may have seen or know . i can't remember if i had any imaginary friends as a child , but i have them now . they're not ... i'm not that bad at it , especially when i prepare myself ( practicing in my head , being ridiculously familiar with the topic , knowing who my audience is , etc ) . i can get really nervous right before ... i'd probably poke her , see if she's real , ask a bunch of questions . i might just let her loose in the world and have her act as my proxy whenever i don't feel like going out and see if anybody ... '