' i hope that all of you guys know that what happened to the titanic was real and true ... oh yeah .. ' titanic ' movie : 21 fans who didn't know that the titanic was a real tragedy also , titanic was an ... perc should give us an option for choosing our type just by saying nt , nf , sf , st , etc ... cause i honestly think i could relate to entps , intps , intjs , and entjs throughout my life ... i'm just a solid ... i'm scared of them . seriously . nah , i used to think that designer clothes were important in high school , but when i started college , i gradually started to wear simple clothes . i tend to look at target , h & m , or levi's as my ... i do these sort of things as well . though i don't know much about the functions so hopefully someone can help you out with that . she reminds me of that type of girl who's incessantly talking about nothing of significant value ... yeah . it's fun to visually imagine things and map them out and build them up . sometimes i like to rotate a few visuals around , like you would do in a cad program . this sort of thinking works both ... visual - 13 kinesthetic - 3 auditory - 0 i love listening to music ... a lot . first off , stop watching those crazy drama shows where people talk behind each other's backs and end up backstabbing the hell out of anything ... after that ... your world . your life . everything . will ... non-existent . kinda . i usually don't let my guard down .. but only to a few , select people , who i sometimes open up to but not like every time i talk to them . i have always done an annual assessment ... it varies . if it's something that's important or that i'm passionate about then of course i'll make myself clear . otherwise , i'd probably be oblivious to my mysteriousness unless someone points it ... i've haven't been in a relationship .. or so i think .. i just read the thread title and thought ... yes . it is possible to move between an intp and entp . only if there are two such people within the same vicinity as you are . though the intp probably ... youtube link or this never happened . nevermind , i managed to visualize it whilst reading your horrible experience . but seriously ? a slim jim ? i never knew that people still ate those meat sticks . nope . i have a watch to help me out with that . eureka ! to doctor who ? well , from the current doctor , matt smith . when you watch him whilst he's thinking of a plan and comes up with it , you see his facial expression ... and it's somewhat ... lightbulb ! > eureka ! > doctor who > geroooniiimooo for those visualization examples - - i know that it says visualization , but i don't know if that's for us to visual or if that's what you ... woops . i voted , but i didn't read that extra requirement where we had to be straight . to be honest , i don't think it matters . photos or it didn't happen . did it ever occur to you that he was only staring at you because he was trying to draw you and put you in a comic book that he's creating ? 48528 this is what the moon looks like from space . this is what the moon looks like from space | space.com everything in its right place . my place happens to be clean . nothing is on the floor besides my furniture . not much mess on my desk as well ; i tend to clean it off before i go to bed unless i have ... the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy - don't panic ! chronicles of narnia - i read the whole series when i was thirteen and enjoyed it immensely . calvin & hobbes - love this . 1 the originator 1 ' s are originals . coming up with new ideas and executing them is natural . having things their own way is another trait that gets them as being stubborn and arrogant . 1 ' s are ... major in product design . that's what i did . i see it as a combination between art and marketing . with product design ( industrial design ) you end up being a jack of all trades so to speak . you need to ... desouza : 1w2 , 7w8 , 3w2 sx / sp splashedcolors : 3w2 , 5w6 , 9w8 boxter 9 : 3w4 , 7w6 , 9w8 saltare : 3w4 , 7w8 , 8w7 marzipan 01 : 4w5 , 8w9 , 7w6 ( sx / so / sp ) o_o : 5w6 , 3w4 , 1w2 agent blackout : 5w6 / 7w6 , 9w1 , ... i tend to ramble on when i'm thinking out loud . it confuses the people that i'm talking to so i have to verbally tell myself to stop talking . then i walk away . it is hard to not say something and i ... wait . did he say that he liked you just out of no where or did you ask him if he liked you ? or was it more of a like where he was comparing you to someone else ? or are you actually in a like ... fantastic . when i'm stressed , everything just seamlessly comes together . i tend to just .. talk . with an accidental disregard as to whether the person understood what i was saying . though , every now and again , i'll ask if they understood my train of thought or whether they ... don't you hate it when you're walking with your friends and you cross the street because you don't see any cars coming by ... then you turn around in the middle of the road just to see your friends ... entp 7w8 your noble score is 6 your socratic score is 3 your reflective score is 1 if your noble score is higher than the other two , you are a noble . the noble is direct , straightforward , ... i like to guess and check and learn along the way . but if i know that it's something that's super important and will have dire consequences in the future if the work isn't done correctly , then i will ... oh , please don't talk about naked people doing random things or throwing feces and stuff about horrible monsters . all of these images in my head start popping up and i actually see them . it's a gift ... a good friend of mine is going to be leaving for the other side of the world , soon . lately we've been talking about our experiences together during the time that we've known each other . i'm going to ... keeping it simple with a black t-shirt and dark denim jeans . i read an article about a few designers who wore something simple everyday . one of them was about how steve jobs kept wearing the same ... question : so does this mean that the intp had more knowledge about the idea beforehand ? i'm not really interested in the nightlife ... whatever that may be to any of us . i've noticed that my friendships with people tend to last an average of two years . i don't have any childhood friends nor have i kept close contact with the friends that i have made during my high ... are you kidding me ? ! i have a super active imagination . i hate scary movies . and when someone mentions ones of those crazy people that you see in those scary movies ... i can see them automagically ... animated inventor inventor your imagination , self-reliance , openness to new things , and appreciation for utility combine to make you an inventor . you have the confidence to make your visions ... paranoid 26 % 49 % schizoid | | 58 % 53 % schizotypal | | 90 % 53 % antisocial 50 % 47 % borderline | 18 % 47 % histrionic 22 % 43 % ... let me guess .. you're the lowly secretary ? to be honest this entp probably doesn't know that they're doing it , so yes , do tell them if you wish to unless you're scared to do so . actually , why do ... fringe , house , eureka , doctor who , bones , leverage , castle , etc . i love giving direct eye-contact to people . i sometimes do it as a test to see how long they can sustain such eye-contact and if their the ones to look away first . it's sometimes funny if they do as ... gotta teach you how to kiss the next time around , buddy . that's not crazy . that's pretty normal . a clusterfuck of awesomeness would occur . sharks with knives ? reminds me of that snickers commercial . i was eating nutella with this really great bimbo pre-toasted bread just now and it's delish . i used to be interested in greek mythology , ... if i initiate the conversation to someone that i know who would understand the subject that i'm going to talk about , then i will be enthusiastic because i don't need to worry if they aren't on the ... '