' estp people are amazing . they build pyramids , skyscrapers , governments , societies , corporations , organizations that help the needy , etc . i mean , the list just goes on and on . not only that , scientists are ... type 5 , 1 , and 9 . those are the ones i relate to most . i'm not sure i'll ever really know my heart fix truly ... i see this a lot in intp forums ( back when i frequented this place , it has been a while ) but for me looking back i was probably the least mature out of my friends and siblings . well , it depends on ... i'm still a child ( as in not an adult ) at 21 . i guess for me being an adult is more of a feeling of being settled down with a job and a family . still not there yet . it doesn't bother me which one someone uses but i always used extravert and the spell check on the posts tell me it's wrong which always made me mad . that squiggly red line underneath the word just ... i don't know . you seemed to have a lot of fi from i saw . feeling alone and that no one understands you . i feel like i am generally unable to express my feelings , its much easier to remove ... i was going to put it was poorly worded and i suppose it is . i still think it gets its point across . edit : oh and that's what i meant if you call a tail a leg than it is a leg . i accidentally ... the point he made actually did reinforce my point whether he knows it or not . the butcher example explains it perfectly so does the quote . words are just representations of something in real life ... someone here can't grasp simple concepts but trust me it ain't me . i have a feeling you are trolling me . once again calling something a thing doesn't mean it is that thing . if you call a leg a leg it doesn't make it a leg . a leg will always be different than a tail . * sighs * i don't know how else to ... this is the point of the quote of lincoln . he is saying the exact same things as feynman said . there is a difference between knowing the name of something and knowing something . a tail is a tail is ... a leg and a tail are two different things though even if you call it the same thing . there are only four of the body parts that hold up the dog . if you say there are five of the body part that ... you don't get the quote ? what lincoln is saying here is just because you call a thing something doesn't mean that is what it actually is . i thought this was obvious from the quote ... the tail is not a ... how many legs does a dog have if you call the tail a leg ? four . calling a tail a leg doesn't make it a leg . i am a firm believer in the people . if given the truth , they can be depended ... i double click on the screen and then i can see griphook in front of gringotts . i try clicking on it but it doesn't do anything . there is also a lock on the arrow that says harry and hagrid visits ... pottermore is annoying me . i've been stuck in diagon alley for last few months and have no idea how to make it to gringotts . :( i believe it was the joker in one of the nolan batman movies that said , what doesn't kill you only makes you stranger . i was just thinking of putting that before i saw your comment . obviously , it ... never doubt a small group of committed people can change the world . indeed , it is the only thing that ever has . - margaret mead 3w4 7w6 8w7 so / sx freaky ! i was just doing this for the heck of it because of my boredom . i'm an intp and i got the same picture . these are my answers : 0 . 20 year old female that lives a very unstressful life ... isfj and intp both have the same cognitive functions which makes it a lot more difficult to type you . maybe you should look into the different cognitive functions or take one of the tests to try to ... oh yea because completely derailing a thread is not bothersome . / sarcasm on topic : i think it is important to note that most of the work should be done by the one who is typing themselves not the ... went to the pool , argued with my brother over video games , ate chicken , and had some cake . now i'm listening to all the fireworks go off . not really in the mood to go out and watch them . ~ 85 % introverted i have eczema so touch would be the most irritating . also , light bothers me to an extent . i like it dark . other than that nothing out of the ordinary . same there's a time that the operation of the machine becomes so odious , makes you so sick at heart , that you can't take part . you can't even passively take part . - mario savio i tried to be ... you remind me of someone i know . she had the same kind of manic episodes and was also diagnosed with bipolar . i always pegged her as an infj because she was always worried about how other people saw ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?list=ULujUqFPg4nDc&feature=player_detailpage&v=ujUqFPg4nDc go to 3:50 . he says , if i can see the road map , if i can see the road , i can get to the end . i know it . i ... urgh , it is 3:30 in the morning and i am wide awake ... plus hungry . unfortunately i have nothing to eat in my dorm and nothing is open . * sighs * what do you do when you have the midnight munchies ? i'm guessing this is why you thought you were ne dom ? sounds ne at first glance . my ne is auxiliary . i don't get overwhelmed by ideas ; i crave them . so are the ideas in your head something you crave ... i'd go to the future . 2150 at the latest though . i want to be able to converse with people and not sound like shakespeare so they don't have to translate every other word . i just want to see how some ... have you looked at cognitive functions ? estp : se-ti-fe-ni estj : te-si-ne-fi istp : ti-se-ni-fe estj not only has different judging functions but also different perceiving functions from estp ... it tends to be more difficult to find your type when you are depressed . just a forewarning . i love the sims ! my people always cheat on each other though ... i wonder what that means . ;) i love when they get into fights . i just find it fucking hilarious . my little brother used to try to burn ... wow ! that was a really long test ! ! o . o 38 25 25 36 50 31 37 29 i like fantasy more than i like science fiction and i like psychology more than i like astro-physics ( i'm thinking about becoming a therapist of some kind ) . not all intps are the same . i'm constantly ... at the end of the page of the link you posted there were two images . one of them said : this site is certified 16 % evil-the gemitriculator with a wiccan sign and the other said : this site is certified ... ... actually never mind . i think he is an istj ... i really should get him to take the test . did you figure it out ? need more help ? i despise bullies . they are the worst sort of people . i personally have never been bullied though . lies ! i laugh easy . oh and i know you weren't being serious ... just saying . you sound a lot like my older brother . i first guessed him to be an istj then an istp . now i think he might be an estp ... nah never mind he's an istp . all the seriousness of an istj without the ... what he said . they wouldn't have . * correction : i wouldn't have . * you have many different hobbies which might suggest a higher ne positioning . i would say this might suggest a higher fe / te positioning . ... i should probably read his books but i remember ( the late ) christopher hitchens once saying that obama didn't like the slogan of yes we can . i would say obama is more of a pragmatist than an ... this comment is totally off topic ... but how do you make that ' c ' in facade look like that ? mature ? next to my istj older brother ? yea , that never happened to me . i was always considered the immature one . it's a categorization . think of it as a social construct that myers briggs created in order to better understand personality in individuals . you don't believe that social construct exists ? think of ... age : 19 21,100 words i read a lot ... but it's mostly fanfiction so i put somewhat . ;) i am lower than average on this chart but that makes sense since : however , note that these ... '