' on all 8am to 5pm jobs i have held , i usually show up around 30 min to 1 hour early to avoid the traffic rush , and enjoy the extra quiet work time before employees arrive . i rage clean , often when i can't find something , or when the roommates are out of the house . i do not like non-fiction ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8tYIaqXAKC0 lol i'm tidy with data , mostly due to being it support for many years . thanks to sites like pandora , all my old music is archived . my personal data is little more than 50mb never deeper than 2 sub ... for you older gamers , castlevania - bloody tears done on the piano http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_MM_Q0nfaG0 so many goosebumps : bored : same for me . when really drunk , my body just shuts down and puts me to sleep before i ever get to embarrassing levels of drunk . here is my favorite short enneagram test . ( the 6w stuff yb mentioned ) enneagram test with instinctual variant results usually i walk faster or slower to prevent this , but still it happens ... 42294 i rarely feel stressed , but workload can rapidly change and throw you a twist here and there . oh the things i have accomplished working by myself while in crisis mode . : cool : what are the results of this one ? personality test dibs on isfj ! bummer our types are not floating above our heads . google goggles needs to work on that . my step mom is an isfj , she smiles all the time . you immediately challenge , debunk or start listing scientific facts when a friend or family member tells you about their bad day at work how do you know this person ( or how are you related to them ) ? cousin what is their career and hobbies ? telecom support hobbies change quarterly . ( same with me lol ) what goes against the ... remember to cheat and use sun glasses . that or re-roll a dh . i'm having an easy time in act 2 inferno at the moment . after 3 mil gold , my barb is not :( just finished the book linked in the op , awesome read . i have always been oblivious to body language , my own and others . play this song ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ipE9QFiWhzQ at the same time mute and watch this : cool : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1GFkN4deuZU in my freshman year in high school , i was a teachers aid in a science class . while putting equipment away during a test , i came across a big beaker of a clear liquid . forgetting my science training ... thanks for this , are there more urls for the other types ? i like this list style a lot . : happy : internal re-experiencing and internal body awareness resonate with me a lot . my thoughts / stance are : i love to drink , but who really drinks it for the taste ? :) i'm in my mid 30s , so i have some experience i will babble on about . hope it helps . its bad stuff . first of ... i can only have nightmares if i eat anything chocolate 1 hour before bed . i also often have lucid dreams . it helps to log them each morning when you wake up , if you do that first thing when you wake ... this guy dances like this live , no editing . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LXO-jKksQkM actually that's a great addition , thanks much ! it will be interesting to see others data , and see what differences are noted between intuitive and sensing . your description of touch is ... after noticing odd ways i take in data using my 5 senses , i have yet to find common ground with a few of my friends . i wanted to see how many others use their senses in odd ways . ( i didn ’ t post this ... i usually just grab the closest card with the correct theme and that's that . http://images.icanhascheezburger.com/completestore/2008/9/19/128663437891640260.jpg it's new hobby time and i'm motivated ... what can i master next ? i can only learn by doing it . go go ( s ) sensing . i'm an istj and my office and home desk are both cluttered . and i have been very flustered during panic mode because of its disorganization . my desk is a mess but has everything i could ever need ... yes , i also hate moving to a different area / house . i have strict requirements , it just took me 3 months to find a place to rent that fit my requirements . i also hate little changes to the ... no plans to do anything other than decide to give out candy to the kids ( we only get 1-2 small groups each year ) or turn off all the lights and pretend no ones home . where is niss ? he answers this stuff easily . :p i sure hope i'm not like that if i have kids . i understand , op . i have tried to show others how to solve problems , but it doesn't work like that ... i feel you op , i stopped going to community college after less than 2 semesters also . then again , i feel college degrees are useless compared to experience . one should get out and get the ... not sure what your looking for exactly . i have been doing the same thing for 14 years , and same job now for 6 years and loving it still . yes , i'm the mean it guy at work . lol , its fun to be an ... this is by far my favorite ! i got 42 . i knew a lot about empathy before discovering mbti . enthusiast my 8 is a 2 ! anyway type one : 44 type two : 22 type three : 18 type four : 16 simba your profile gender is listed as female fyi ! back to istj stuff , how does this relate to you ? portrait of an istj http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=swQi4CAzmrA i love this song . anyway ... this is how i answer my door on sunday mornings . when he makes that comment , just smile at him and roll with it . your dad will change subjects to nag about when your older . trust me ! k . i agree with you , mmo gaming and internet meme's tought me that , a simple k responce is meant as a minimal response to offend . reminds me of my sociology class in community college , 3 hours of lecture , and very boring , all on a subject i didn't care about . i can only recommend , studying for your other classes during that ... other than an anxious , or empty mood the day after a rare saturday of binge drinking , i am never depressed . i came to this conclusion after reading all known symptoms . i'm in my mid 30s , so maybe ... the only writing i have done in the last 13 years is writing a check each month . its actually getting harder to do . notepad.exe is my friend ... i'm always in-front of a pc :) if i do write , its ... all i can add to this thread ... to easily move things along , you would have to ask me out . this allstate ad cracks me up . they are as good as the late 90 ' s budget rent a car ad's . blind spot http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ndHOmYCMaXQ any my favorite budget rent a car ad ever ... - construction , framing houses . tried this with my best friend who did it for a living . i quit after 2 months and went to community college . - staples , retail electronics - pc support job 1 4 years ... after much reading and a few more tests , 5w6 every time lol . introverted ( i ) 81.82 % extroverted ( e ) 18.18 % sensing ( s ) 67.5 % intuitive ( n ) 32.5 % thinking ( t ) 79.41 % feeling ( f ) 20.59 % judging ( j ) 65.79 % perceiving ( p ) 34.21 % ... '