' this happens to me , too , and i'm a lady . :P i think ryan ross thought he was john lennon , so i can agree with this.xd although some of panic ! ' s post vices & virtues stuff is kind of infp , too . i've seen people typing brendon as an enfp , which ... esfp ? when you think all of your ( maybe ) friends ' passive facebook posts are about you . £ i act hyper when i'm extremely exhausted because tiredness shows weakness and vulnerability :p i seem tired when i'm kind of sleepy - but i cover it up if i'm really exhausted . no energy boost , ... young me was * very * stereotypical infp , now i'm much less stereotypical . or if they accidentally hit / elbow / run into you . all the time . istps are endlessly amusing and hilarious . i'm rarely offended and often have great comebacks when people try to offend me . i can have a rather sharp tongue . i've never cried during movies . and rarely do i come close to it.xd sorry , internet . :P can't hear tone of voice , see expressions , etc etc yeah , this . i have a special place in my heart for intp's , mostly because people often mistake me for one . i tend to get along rather well with them , though . i am actually pansexual but i tend to attract very dominant guys / girls , too . :P i was being sarcastic . but , like i said , you can't hear a tone of voice over the internet . yayyy , more ixfps ! welcome ! welcome to perc ! oh , dear - i'm surprised that this is an intp post - considering intps and infps are similar , in some ways , i'd think that you would be a bit more hesitant to insult such a similar type . :P ( oh , ... lost girls - tilly and the wall girl , i know the hall looks dark and the storm it seems so scary your face lit up on beats of lightning you start , you start running and your eyes are ... introverted / extroverted intuition / sensing feeling / thinking percieving / judging ( check out the meyers briggs board ! ) ah , see , i'm actually a musician myself , but yes.xd writing / music / creative outlets and things for ixfps . i don't think there's anything wrong with isfps . (: some of the people i care most about are isfps and you're all very creative , intelligent minds in your own right and don't be afraid to embrace ... crowds and stairs . welcome ! don't worry , perc is a very infp-friendly environment . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5FR_MA7KHwg i feel like this song's lyrics are very infp . ( i'm sure other panic ! songs are , too , but this one really stands out to me ) i can hit a c6 with ease and a g6 with a little effort i don't really have a type . i use this forum to vent when i can't directly vent to a person about things . :P which , usually i don't need to tell someone , but . basically i have this pretty good friend at school that i'm a ... so , i've been a vegetarian for five years . i refuse to eat things that require the death of bugs , as well . :P i try to be conscious of what's on the ground to not step on anything , and i will not ... a bit lonely . :P silence , for the very first time today . i do worry about offending people , contrary to common belief - i just expect most people to understand my dry sarcasm by now . i only cry alone . for whatever reason ( ego , fear , idk ) i can't bring myself to cry in front of other people . i have this acquaintance i vent with and sometimes i want to actually cry in front of ... i'm feeling a little down right now ( big surprise , right ? ) . so i've come a long way since junior high ; i've always had social anxiety , but back then ( my worst years of school , hands down ) , i would ... i'm taking tally of how many times my mom threatens to kick me out ( seriously kick me out , not a petty mother / daughter fight ) and planning to hold onto it . that way , when i move far away and don't ... ( yes , i'm quoting myself ) turns out this came to bite me in the ass because i took a pop quiz and answered the questions with things that we hadn't gotten to yet , lol . what do we learn about ... ... when you smile a little reading this thread because it makes you feel a little less crazy . my parents haven't let me take driver's ed yet and i don't have a permit yet , but i have gone driving about three times in a large parking lot . it's funny , because i'm really little and prefer my ... when people are convinced that they know everything about me . unreliable friends ( or people in general ) putting more into a friendship than the other person / people always being sure to ... 5/10 . a lot of people know of me because i guess things that i do / happen to me make their way around the school a lot . ( e . g . getting a pixie cut in a tiny school , hitting a top c during chorus , being ... i come off as a bit over-confident , loud , bold , dry , optimistic , apathetic , like nothing can get under my skin / on my nerves . and many people would probably say i am this way . when really i care ... possibly make jokingly harsh comments so that no one suspects i like someone . love makes you look weak , and people can smell weakness . :P welcome ! (: enjoy your stay . i had to grow up really fast because my oldest sibling is autistic and i had two very special needs foster brothers . i was the ' normal ' child so my parents focused on them instead . :P i can act ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b2hV2OUDDS4 so ... as a vegetarian of 5 years ( ! ! ! i don't know how i do it ) , and the only one in my entire family and ( practically the only one ) in my small , ... so , i'm a theatre kid and i have an excellent poker face and ability to store up all of these feelings so i can channel them into a related scene / monologue / character . :P it's my secret to my acting ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TpUP0jjicqY beautiful song , awesome band , everyone should listen to them . ( this is one of their slower / softer songs ) all the light that you possess is skewed by ... i may have bothered my spanish teacher by being stubbornly introverted today . we were working on pre-test worksheet things , and i was actually focusing and being productive . she said we cna work ... so this might make zero sense to everyone else . there's this guy in my grade who just blatantly dislikes me for no reason ; i've never even really talked to him , so i don't know why . we have a few ... see , most people i know do not care much for this sort of thing so i kind of attempt typing them in my head . i get a lot of knowledge o types here , but when i notice traits associated with a certain ... i just think that , by now , we have an idea of what we're good with and what we're not . but when graduation requirements come into play , it's hard for people ( in my district , at least ) to take the ... sometimes i'll squeeze my eyes shut instead of smiling and assume people will take it as an expression of happiness . my sneezes are always really dainty and high pitched . sometimes i''ll throw ... '