' try guys : keith - esfp ned - isfj eugene - estp ( he took a test and got intj , but he just comes across as estp to me ) zach - intp ( a lot of people type him as an f , but the guy has a quick wit ... whoa ! i don't even remember making this thread , lol . it's been so long ! that said , after playing the game several times afterwards and seeing the story all the way through , these would be my new ... i dunno about this . ash seems more social 7 than a social 2 to me . he doesn't show anywhere near as much intellect or political / social savvy as soc 2 do , and he doesn't really care about social ... final fantasy cecil - ffiv edward - ffiv lenna - ffv cloud - ffvii tifa - ffvii kimahri - ffx aphmau - ffxi basch - ffxii vanille - ffxiii dunno the answers to most of your questions and i actually have the same questions as well , but here are my thoughts on the matter : * with chloe , i lean more towards estp simply because i see more ... so / sp , and i prefer more story and character driven games , making rpgs my most favorite genre . generally speaking , my most favorite games tend to be ones that have an ensemble cast such as saga ... i'm surprised no one has mentioned the dreaded ' infj doorslam nonsense . i agree with most of what you have , but here are my differing thoughts : cheren : istj . more logical than inquisitive and assigns value to the champion status with si than ni . bianca : esfp . way too ... 1 ) i can agree with this point . so twos probably seem more manipulative since their manipulation of groups seems more grandiose than just the manipulating of individuals like the sx two does . 2 ) ... good idea , i never thought about that . yeah , the characters correspond to the types . and i was thinking about making a list , but i figured it'd be too long for the description box . no , i'm saying that i agree that i see people thinking the first 2 , but not the latter 2 . agree with the bolded , but not really the rest . ehhh ... a lot of these sound kinda flimsy . i haven't been on enneagram boards for a while , but i don't remember people being this absurd and simple . the only ones i really see are people thinking ... thanks ! :) for those that remember , several years ago , i made enneagram videos using video game characters , but it was chockful of grammatical errors , awkward sounding sentences , and based around riso-hudson's ... type 2 , especially social , in a heartbeat . i'd love to be charming and intelligent , cleverly helping both myself as well as others . so after some more reveals and revelations , here are my typings for the characters now : steven : enfp 6w7 - i thought 7 before because of how exuberant and hyper he is , but he doesn't rationalize ... max - infx ( i can see fi because she has a lot of personal feelings regarding items and people , but she's stated to be nosy and she can be a bit overbearing when scolding someone like with fe ) chloe ... dao : alistair - esfp morrigan - intp leliana - enfp sten - intj wynne - esfj zevran - estp oghren - estp shale - entp loghain - entj i was also thinking enfj to estp because he seems to be quite charismatic and popular with his students , but he can be a bit of a smartass in an estp way . archer - estp lana - entj . i was also thinking esfp because she has very high morals especially for an extj , but her te seems just as high as her fi . cyril - xsxj . i can't really get a beat on him ... max - infx . i'm leaning towards infj just because she seems more personable than infp , but she has a lot of feelings regarding inanimate objects which feels more fi than fe . chloe - istp victoria - ... steven : exfp 7w6 so / sx . i can see a case for both s and n for him . garnet : istp 9w8 sp / so . lacks the lust and intensity in type 8 . more relaxed and go with the flow til something causes her to ... the way four acts when she gets a fit from drakengard 3 is pretty much me to a tee at my most unhealthy : i hate you so much ! all of you ! i despise you ! i know i'll never be lovable like two or ... for those that have played it , what do you think the types of the companions and advisors are ? cassandra - estj varric - entp solas - infj vivienne - entj sera - estp blackwall - isfp ... from the little i've read , this guy seems to have his own vision as to how he believes things to be than what they are . i , of course , can't say for 100 % since i don't know the guy but he seems to be ... the grass is always greener , as they say . i haven't played p4 in ages and i never did finish the moon sl ( even though ai was one of my favorite characters in that game ) , however from what i remember , ai is an esfj 4w3 sx / so . her fe + si is ... meh . i'm not a believer . it just seems to me that everyone wants to have more than one enneatype , especially when you add in the even sillier subwing nonsense ( which i hope won't ever be a thing ) ... even though i don't think all mbti types can be any enneagram type , i imagine a xxtj 4 would be a sp or sx . the sp instinct makes 4 seem more like 1 ' s and 3 ' s with a little more emotion in there , and ... for those that know who the character is , here are a couple of links about her : four / novella - drakengard wiki kid fenris : drakengard 3 : four basically , i can't decide whether she's a 1 or 4 , ... the anger bit is why i'm thinking 9 than 2 . there's absolutely no fire in him , whereas 2 ' s exude it . yeah , 3 and 4 were definitely the ones that actually looked like their e-type which is why ... that could've been a much better video had they asked funner and more interesting questions . anyways , here is what i think about the students : 1 : did not stand out to me in any way whatsoever ... my username comes from my favorite beverage , tea , combined with the ancient roman sweetener , sapa , which contained huge amounts of lead in it . i chose to use lead instead of sapa , because i imagine a ... holunder has got it . i'm also writing a story using the enneagram and i find that having characters that have similar motivations , but with different enneagram types really does make for more ... mordecai - isfp ; not too much of an ideas or big picture guy . just sorta goes with the flow . rigby - estp ; seems i due to his laziness , but much more outgoing and spunkier than mordecai benson - ... i think having se is pretty crucial to being a detective , though te is also very useful . in the end , i think istp or istj would be great as detectives . i'm not a huge fan of anime , but from the few i've watched , my most favorite would have to be red garden . the plot isn't amazing and it has several holes and contradictions , but the character ... the chorus pretty much sums up the main motivation for 2 ' s . you're welcome . :D / swollen head no , it's fine . i didn't even think of it that way . i wasn't planning on creating a thread for these videos at all , so i don't really care . if anything , this topic is really inspiring me to do my best ... hey ! these are my videos ! ! :D in twilight thanks for bringing up these videos again . it's funny that you started a thread on these videos at this time because a week or so ago , i started ... mordecai - isfp rigby - istp muscleman - estp high five ghost - isfp benson - estj skips - istj pops - enfj margaret - esfj eileen - infp ( not too sure ) honestly , apart from acceptance , none of those needs are high on my list . anyone else watch the anime or read the manga ? i've recently been on a jjba craze and want to know what other fans think of the characters . part i jonathan - enfj dio - intj speedwagon - esfp ... charlie - estp 7w6 sp / sx alan - isfj 6w5 sp / so jake - istp 9w8 sp / sx evelyn - enfj 3w2 so / sx rose - esfp 2w3 sx / sp berta - istp 8w7 sp / sx judith - istj 1w2 sp / so chelsea - esfj 2w1 sx / sp 2w1 so / sp cloud - istp 6w5 sp / so ( in ffvii ) , infp 4w5 ( everywhere else ) i've only played ffvii and watched ac once so i may not have the entire character down , but from what i know , cloud was an istp 6w5 ... i can see how mostly every type could be more stressed than the other . the only types that seem like they wouldn't get stressed out a lot ( at least to me ) are entps and isfps . '