' i'd like to read it also :) hmmm ... um ... just about every thread i've started ;) don't usually start one unless i'm being a downer though ... so that's probably why . dunno why ... but can't get enough of it ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kn6-c223DUU&ob=av3e i owe an apology for brooding . wow . i needed your blog right now . okay one example lol happened last week ... i have plans with a friend and they cancel at the last minute saying how sick they are , then later the same day text , hey i might go see [ whatever movie ] ... did i post the wrong link ? uh oh ... d'oh vocaroo | record and send voice emails here ya go peeps . lol okay * goes to record * you all shared so nicely , but i have no idea what to record . i think it happens to people a lot - unless youre in that honeymoon phase of a relationship . i would just look at it as some kind of attraction to that person - maybe it's their sense of humor ? i ... fun times . * goes to spam walls * i suppose that's what i'm working on - being self satisfied , then others actions hopefully wont have as much weight in my eyes . thanks . i needed a reality check . by people you think are real . and i feel like a child . texas for now . thats me exactly . i know for me it's partially the introversion and also i just like soaking y'all up . love this link . thank you . i write lyrics , but no tunes to go with them . just curious - starting for january :) lololololol ! ! ! sigh . also from norcal originally . i don't see being a hippie as a bad thing ... open , honest , genuine people full of love ... :) same here . though i occasionally dig retro wear ;) best advice . get to know you . try to learn to love yourself . high school might be odd , but in college ... you'll be spectacular ! i don't think you're barking up the wrong tree . maybe it's that we present ourselves innocently so it contributes to the youthful vibe . okay ... so i'm always alone , because i always pick the wrong people to spend time with . the whole what i think i deserve vs . what i really want / need . so yeah maybe it's a self-esteem issue not an ... <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 it is difficult , especially in technical fields . this is how i function almost exactly . i get information from different places and at times it's from talking with someone . okay so these totally reminded me of beauty and the beast ... i'm interested :) exactly . : ninja : icky mood swings suck right ? seriously it sounds like you're at a crossroads right now with some decisions ... i bet you'll feel better after they're resolved . hugs . i feel like this some days too , but until i read this i thought i was alone . thanks for posting . to the original post ... you might not feel dying early would matter now , but by living past today ... okay so i am right there with you . it's the worst too when men say , you're cute . seriously . bite me . oh and “ imperfection is beauty , madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring . ” ― marilyn monroe love this one . “ i'm selfish , impatient and a little insecure . i make mistakes , i am out of control and at times hard to handle . but if you can't handle me at my worst , then you sure as hell don't ... i sometimes listen to hypnosis tracks - not so much for the content , but the relaxation and feeling of refreshment after . wow - it works ? i'll try it with you . i love that . stealing moments of happiness . wow that's actually beautiful . um ... something along the same lines as tyty said lol nice ! don't forget us little people when you get there ;) totally - i didn't realize the differences between my natural behavior and learned behavior on my core personality until now ! figure out what makes you happy ! ! ! at least that's what i'm trying to do ... not super successfully - but hey it's sound advice , eh ? why egypt ? i visualize sometimes , but clam up more often than not ... i may try visualizing more now ... i took an mbti thing for school awhile back and was given the infj temperament - but in finding this site and taking the test here - i've found my new home ! just saying hello . your preferences : ... '