' https://youtu.be/PdZSFVlnbz0 i wish to participate ... in this ... 5899385899 38 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_5DHZOWKG8 garden city movement best of times https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sLjnfqllMvU i like to spend the early mornings overanalyzing all of my past failures until i fall asleep . no , but i do like that name ... i'll keep it in mind later in life . meh , no . very nice though . meltedsorbet using my logical way is your name melissa or megan or mary or miranda ? the first one is fairly close with the first 4 letters . meh , i think my name has made me even more shy . constantly having to correct people gets tedious . haha here's a hint , it starts with a y ... not a b . challenge accepted ? i want to sleep my life away . or at least sleep for a year and try this whole growing the fuck up thing later . no , my name is terribly difficult . i like your creativity ... i literally guessed a name with the same first letter since i'm so logical . it just dawned on me i know literally no one ... ha ... haha . is it bad i only want to participate in this since i know people will fail terribly ? if everyone fails there should be a prize ... like ... ... while infp is warm , curious and friendly towards everyone initially , then later they become more critical and dismissive of some individuals as they get to know them better . i do this ... everyone else's answers sound all philosophical ... oh well , i'm an artist because it's literally the only thing i've felt adequate at , and because it's my coping mechanism . sigh . i feel so self - absorbed whenever i go to post infp related . any who , it depends on their interests . perhaps weird band concerts , museums , book stores , etc . you can't make someone like you . i for ... i literally just found out this intro forum existed ... wow . is it too late to ramble about who i am ? hmm ... i suppose not . so , i'm an infp , still questioning it since the descriptions are sometimes ... does anyone else get a weird high out of knowing people dislike you for no reason ? i don't know why it makes me happy to know i'm affecting people's lives without trying ... i'm only replying b / c of this weird need to correct you that it's a dress and not a skirt . sigh ... thanks for the flattery though . ^ _ ^ 1 . is it easy for you to maintain eye contact during conversation ( in general ) ? depends on the person , is that weird ? the more comfortable i am with someone , the more like i'll look them in the ... this thread makes me so happy ... you don't even know ! i have no idea what this is , but i think it's edm like ... or maybe idm ... i don't know ... thom yorke a brain in a bottle ... 1 . are you generally good at flirting ? no . terrible is an understatement . 2 . do you find it easy to tell when someone is flirting with you ? no ... i have a feeling all of my answers are going ... i'm only posting this b / c my freckles are magical ... 404554 yup ... very hard to live on ! i totally agree about the respect part ! i always have to do kids clothing to toys ... the parents are vicious . they get so testy when you clean up their messes - __ - haha those are very funny habits ! well , this is a relief . at marshalls there's too many departments , too few people . the funny thing is that everyone gets 4-4 . 5 hr shifts so that they don't have to pay us for lunch - __ - oh and ... is working in retail really supposed to be this awful ? people are such terrible creatures when they're shopping , it's like cleaning up after 100 four year olds ! then they're rude when you try to help ... cementality king krule shittastic . spiders and bugs ( especially moths ): they are evil . literally , evil . not finding my purpose in life : i hope i find out before i die , that'd be disappointing if i didn't . rejection : i just ... yesss ... i literally just said this to someone else , but whenever i'm with a group of people trying to participate in a conversation , there's that one asshole that kindly dismisses everything i say ... you know you're an infp when ... you plan imaginary conversations that you hope to have with specific people the next day , and to your dismay the conversations don't go how you expected , so you ... yeah ... i kind of fear overjustification . external : appearance and talent . if we're talking about people outside of family , appearance is a big one , i dress strange , but it works for me , so i always get the oooh i like your eyes / clothing , ... external : appearance and talent . if we're talking about people outside of family , appearance is a big one , i dress strange , but it works for me , so i always get the oooh i like your eyes / clothing , ... depends ... there's the you're dead to me anger , this is why i have one friend . then there's the crying anger b / c i can't actually harm the person , mostly with family and people i don't know ... people who bash the things i'm obsessed with . like it's totally okay if you don't like edm but that doesn't mean you have to talk crap about it , and especially not in front of me . ooooh and people ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=86j7wswta9A oh stop , you're feeding my ego . anywho , thanks , and i just like makeup , it's like drawing on your face ... so i guess ... i love drawing much more ... ya know ? wow , you absolutely get my logic :D i would ... bahahaha ... i wish , and thanks i'm very colorful when it comes to makeup since my clothes are mainly black and white ... those are my fingernails , thanks for noticing my intense effort ! i was so ... i'm intensely infatuated with king krule ( archy marshall ) right now and i'm pretty sure knowing his personality type would make my life ... a wee bit better . :D so yes ... 227194 i really really like makeup ... i can't think of anything magical to say , so ... yeah haha mehhh ... maybe tomorrow . i literally scrolled through 20 pages of this ... you're all so lovely ... now i want to participate ...  . _ . i honestly feel like life is punishing . ever since kindergarten my best friends leave me . i'm in college now and my best friend won't talk to me anymore ... i try so fucking hard to be everyone's ... silly ... but then again ... people usually laugh when i'm serious and think i'm serious when i'm joking ... sigh ... what books are like the metamorphosis by franz kafka ? ? you know you're an infp when you create little movies in your head that correlate with the song that you're listening to ... or maybe that's just me ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-9d9FA3fCf4 this makes me so happy inside ... '