' it's certainly true that there are many mistyped intjs . there are many mistyped people in general . typology gives some people an excuse to revel in their flaws and flaunt them around like ... i only dislike surprises if 1 ) it's embarrassing or 2 ) invades my personal space . if you surprised me by invading my house and rearranging everything in it and getting me new furniture or ... the mbti is fascinating because it helps us understand each other and ourselves . however , it generally fails to describe how various psychological conditions can effect or change a person's ... this is true . sadly . i give compliments to people i like , but almost never to people i don't like . if i tell you i love you without you saying it first , that's more of an indication that i genuinely ... situation like this happened to me before with an enfp ex-boyfriend . only person i ever allowed myself to love . i loved him more deeply than i can even describe . turns out he was a psychopath ... intjs have emotion the same as everyone else . intjs believing themselves to be unemotional is ludicrous and only serves to further stunt their acceptance of themselves and growth as human beings . i ... aang - enfp . probably along the 2w3 vein . katara - i always got the infj vibe from her . i don't think she's a sensor . she seems very okay with new ideas and breaking from tradition ( remember that ... yes . intj . not the organized religion type . i stopped going to church because i was tired of the groupthink aspect . but i recently became a christian around 3 years ago and would consider myself ... i agree that this is a problem . the likely explanation is what has been said in earlier posts , that either people want to fit into a certain group or that the average internet asshole is mistyping ... i am an intj with add . i do not have hyperactivity . i mistyped myself for a long time as an intp because of it . medication helps a lot though . i have been taking concerta for 3 years and i ... speaking from personal experience , i tend to do well with enfps . all the men i have every been attracted to are enfps . i am a more emotional intj than most ( not my enneagram type ) , so perhaps this is ... i had done my fair share of research and i would say there is plenty of evidence to prove that a person's consciousness does continue to exist after death . this i would call a soul . many studies ... chyeah brah gryffindor pride ! i am dating and deeply in love with an enfp boy . we are both enneagram type 4s ( he is 4w3 and i am 4w5 ) . for those who put any sway in astrology , we are also both aries . i would say that the ... when your honest and caring comments are taken as offensive , rude , and insensitive . when you are forced to apologize for hurting people's feelings you didn't mean to hurt . i have discovered something profound : your enneagram type is just as important as your mbti . to explain : i am a type 4 intj . a paradox , according to some . type 4 ' s are artistic , emotional , ... sweetsurrender arclight nox jenecis guys . i figured it out . i am a type 4 intj . a type freaking 4 . what . my life has taken new meaning . continue on . complexity is a nice term used to describe people that are difficult to understand . in real life , you know it by the word weird . i would say that i am extremely difficult to understand . in that ... no worries , i won't abandon you at the intj boards . ;) i think i must be some special case of infj . but if i were an intj , i would be some special case of intj also . i can't figure it out . these ... arclight by definitions of the system it would be impossible , yes , but i wonder if it is possible to be nifetise and use ti more than fe while still being a feeler ? see what i mean ? i find myself ... after reading this i'm fairly sure i'm an infj with a very very very low preference for feeling . if anything , perhaps i am an infj with a thinking preference ( if that makes sense ) . do you think it's ... by tomboy you mean ... a . you weren't afraid of getting your hands dirty if the situaiton called for it . aa . you were rational , rather than emotional in high stress situations . ( depends on ... or have i ? now if any of you are aware ( though i assume not ) , i have had some trouble typing myself . when i first joined the site last year , i was an intp . a few months ago , i was certain i ... i think one potential pitfall for intjs is their impulse to categorize everything and often refuse to alter these categories because they have already deemed them to be logical . here's what i mean : ... do any intjs feel that they are maltreated in human relationships ? are any of you often taken advantage of and abandoned by your friends , significant other , etc ? in my life , i have found this to be ... that is how me an my enfp boy are . we dated for a while , then we broke up for complicated reasons , but we are still best friends and talk to each other every day . it's rare that i talk to someone ... it is difficult for me to keep an interest as well . personally , i have found quite a good match in an eccentric enfp boy who has sustained my interest like no one ever could . enfps , i've found , will ... people come to me crying all the time . i have such a stoic nature that i can take it without getting emotional myself . oftentimes i will talk them through their emotions and have them come to a ... english minor over here . writing is my passion in life . it allows me to spin beautiful worlds that could have never existed in reality . i can provoke tears with just a few sentences . anger in a word ... dark flare i was under the impression that we maintain our personalities from birth . emotional aspects of ourselves may change and mature , but the way you see the world ? i have a hard time believing ... masks as in fake identities ? too many to count . i'm seriously a different person around everyone i know . for instance ... - around some people i become boisterous , loud , and sociable , constantly ... i'll admit that i'm wrong ... if someone can prove it to me . often , they cannot . and so i am forever branded as the assholish know-it-all . hear me roar . ahhh ... this whole thing is not getting any better since i posted last . it's a living agony . i can barely think of anything else . i feel like one of those stupid , giddy , mindless schoolgirls who talk ... so the world must think me to be some sort of sappy romantic now , since this is the second thread i'm making about this topic . but truth me told , i need some help from my fellow intjs . you see , i may ... just be sure you know what you're talking about before you quote supposed real bible teachings . urwhatuthink infjs have completely different cognitive functions . people don't just swap letters ... no . and the fact that that's an assumption kind of proves how much stereotypes have seemingly now become fact . as a former agnostic , i can see how you would make that assumption though . i'll leave ... it doesn't matter how many tests you take . tests are bullshit and they will always lead you astray . you need to do your own research . every test i ever took told me i was an intp . i believed it for a ... my sister is an enfj . she is related to me so naturally she is quite charming . i enjoy the company of both entps and enfps . it makes sense , considering how they are our natural counterparts . my experience with entps is having a refreshing counterpart that compliments my own ... oh , yes . sure , i think that's generally the idea that i hold onto too . gifts can be a love language for some people , and i definitely understand that . a meaningful and well-thought out gift is ... father = istp mother = esfj older sister = enfj how it affected me : my parents love me but they will never understand me , nor do they want to . they are convinced that my intjness is a subject of ... i am heterosexual but i am not threatened by the same sex . i will not hesitate to point out if another girl is attractive . as a woman with a traditionally masculine personality , i think i am drawn to ... you are looking at this from the perspective of an infj . from the perspective of an intj , those things don't matter unless they are specific and meaningful . i would honestly be more upset if someone ... nearly all of my friends are female , but i tend to get along much better with men . the only reason why i don't have more male friends is because they always try to date me and then refuse to talk to ... it's interesting that you should mention this because i have felt for a long time that i am continuously ignored by everyone . not ignored in the traditional sense , but ignored in that people see you , ... i normally don't care about what people think unless they have proved their worth / capability and have thus earned my respect . i try to love all kinds of people , and i try to look at all sides of a ... sorry , but i only like men who eat their garnish with their right hand . the left hand just ruins it for me . my enfp teared up a little and said thank you , i forgive you . and we left it at that . two years later we had a class together , i apologized again , and we were friends while i had that class . things ... this is a tough situation because i encountered a something similar with my enfp friend a while ago . i flat out told her that we couldn't be friends anymore and she should just leave me alone . at the ... my best friend is an enfp . my next closest friends are infpx 2 and entj . my used-to-be best friend who i never really talk to anymore is an infj . my other friends are isfj , istp , esfj , esfp . my ... '