' blood welcome , hope you'll feel at home here . and i'll just add , since introverts are heavily misunderstood in the world , that introversion doesn't mean that you're a people hater . what i understood ... ok . i'm going to use my words here . i have two . both involve endings of films , so spoilers ahead . 1 . blood diamond at the end , when dany archer realizes that he's so close and yet he's not going ... dull i've never heard of this feature in infps . i'd actually guess that'd be an enfp feature , since they are the ones who like human contact . i hate when strangers touch me . i can manage a handshake , ... yes . constantly . in my case , i think , apart from the idealism there is also perfectionism at work . i expect what i do to be of the highest standard , already perfect and i focus so much on the outcome ... ok i'm going to add a small advice . might be nothing for you , might be something . i'm not going to get into the whole discussion on depression and what it is and what it's not . mostly because i don't ... quarterlife crisis my boyfriend is an intp and get along perfectly fine . i'm not sure if that's a match for every infp but his sense of logic can balance my emotional reactions quite well . i don't imagine i could ... you have a point . rejection of people with views that are completely against logic , like racists , sexists and homophobes is a natural reaction , not only for infps , i hope . obviously you're not going ... i don't think you can simply decide to be an introvert or an extrovert . if you say you are just calling yourself those terms and simply naming them gives you a different feeling is interesting . i ... hi sorry , i'm going to throw in my infp opinion , i hope you don't mind : wink : my boyfriend is an intp and it seems that a lot of people on this forum think that infp and intp are not a match . but ... i think i sort-of understand what your ex was feeling . but in a different area of life : the professional one . when it comes to my career i behave like your ex . i keep saying i love it and don't want ... if you still need people , i'm up for it :) it's till not completely clear to me when daydreaming becomes maladaptive daydreaming . there are lots of opinions here that this is just some made-up bullshit , but some people also wrote that it's an ... so if i understand correctly , you're trying to actually re-define the phrase ? that is interesting . i guess i didn't read your earlier posts with a full understanding . i wonder what's the phrase in ... first of all : holy shit , man where are you from ? the description of your country really freaked me out ! further : i think , above all , don't be too hard on yourself . what you're going through is a ... i think you don't understand what i'm saying . i'm not saying i don't want to develop myself and just stay on the intellectual level of a 10 year old . i just don't like the phrase growing up , ... growing up is a lie . there are no such thing as grown-ups . just different humans who seem better or worse adjusted to the current society . we can try and develop ourselves , gain more knowledge and ... thanks , i'm still pretty new to the jungian personality types , so it's always good to have some tips on what might be interesting . i also like what you wrote about breaking some foolishness with ... wow this got me thinking . i actually got scared for a while . i've never heard of maladaptive daydreaming . like op , i'm a hypochondriac , so whenever i read something about a disease or a disorder , i ... i actually used to be fluent in spanish . i've forgotten a lot though . when you don't practice , languages fade . anyway , i like your drawings . i don't know anything about art and i can't draw ... i don't know about other types , but i'll write what i dislike about myself : overanalyzing what people say and trying to find out if they are making fun of me or criticizing me . being my own ... well i can't say if all intps prefer saying it first , but i do think that when they are ready to say it , they mean it . but my intp boyfriend said it to me after 2 months of our relationship when i ... bismuth everybody is good at something . you might just not have realized your strengths yet . instead of trying to plan your entire future , try focusing on what you like to do now . it's pointless ... wel , i'm not sure if i identify with the old soul description , because i'm not sure about the soul and what it might or might not be , but when i was a kid , people frequently told me i seem older ... oh , thanks for clarifying . shows how little i know about that :) i always hate when people are being negative and discouraging . some people in my field also keep being negative and say stuff ... i don't know if somebody mentioned it already , but i'm just going to name one film . my absolute favourite : big fish i considered writing something about it , but seriously people - watch it ! i ... haha i love this ! not to mention the pronunciation . i thought english has some weird ideas on how to pronounce some words ( as opposed to how they're written ) but french is a whole another level of ... rainbowphin i'm sorry to hear what you're going through . i'd say your parent's are the ones who need therapy . this such bullshit , telling people they can't make money with something . there is no such ... basilisk adonnus don't give up ! i probably can't help you a lot because my method is understanding grammar and i go insane when i don't know how a senctence is constructed . but i think you have to find a ... my boyfriend is like that . i'm never sure if he's having fun when playing , because he just looks so focused . probably running 10 different strategies in his head . it's funny how some stereotypes ... well , sorry for the confusion , i meant that as a joke , actually . i have to work on makug my jokes in writing . i agree on the tv-license issue , but we have to pay for the potential tv-watching in ... you can also look up the results of the election : wink : we prefer seeing the weather forecast than trump's stupid face poland i'm actually hearing the once and future king by t . h . white and also re-reading god is not great by c . hitchens ( not at the same time , i can't multitask that well ) i don't like the choice they made , but to be honest there wasn't much to choose from . i guess we'll wait and see . i actually suspect he will get overwhelmed by the whole thing and leave the ... i find it ridiculous too . i'm not even sure if it's ever been on the news . but then again , a lot of things don't get media coverage that they deserve . i'm the same . i recently didn't get a job ... leictreon have you considered talking to a professional about your problems ? if it is depression , you should treat it . have you talked to your parents about it ? all i can tell you is don't feel ... thank you for voicing your troubles . it sounds a lot like a quarterlife crisis , which apparently is quite common in young people . there is quite a lot of information on it in the internet and ... atamagasuita it's usually great , we actually want to get married next year . we have a lot of fun together and i love him very much . this is just a disclaimer , because i have a feeling that wat comes ... if flirting is an infp trait then i need to take the test again . i have no idea how to flirt and i don't know when people are flirting with me either . ive never even flirted with my boyfriend , but ... maybe i just misunderstood your message then . thanks for explaining . i sort of got a lot of negativity towards emotional people and you said my bf deserves my gratitude for accepting my gifts , and so ... i'm feeling frustrated and misunderstood right now . and very anxious . i have a job interview tomorrow ... : unsure : i've just spent some time in the intp forum . i think we're being seriously misunderstood there . or are you guys really the attention - and romance-craving , crying at anything , logic-hating emotional ... seriously ? do you people think that all we want are romantic things , watch romantic films , cry when seeing any bloody proposal and get upset at anything ? i can't speak for all nfs but that a ... hi guys i'm not an intp , but my boyfriend is and i'm browsing this forum to try and understand him better . i just wanted to tell you that in 4,5 years that we're together i've seen him angry once ... hello good people , i'm not sure if anyone here would be interested in my situation but i thought i'd share anyway and maybe complain a little about a life with an intp and , finally ask for ... i think i know the feeling you are talking about . i'm not sure how to call it , but in my case , i think , at first it's hostility and defensiveness towards the speaker and then come sthe self-disgust , ... '