' you have a funny view of the world if you're just going to keep making up my implications . as well , i will reply if i wish to your royal arrogance . or the reverse and a much worse situation occurred . i got more of an intp vibe from this . so the entire point of this was to bolster your own sense of superiority ... well , you can't spell irony without iron , which is a metal , and piles of bodies is metal as fuck ! oh , you ! that's our rascally j squirrel ! i'll accept this only if you do the same thing to the other types . seconded . all in all , i suppose our collective answer to this is : and ? i don't feel bad , just warm , smug , and all fuzzy on the inside . 90479 u200bif this works , then it was meant to be ... the complete balance of body and mind as i train both every day . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=469KLGY6WCQ&feature=youtube_gdata_player sheisse , never mind , ignore this ... not familiar with that one . i'll have to check it when the new one comes out . as far as studios are conerned , lately i am starting to take issue with j.c.staff . sure , they've made some great , ... i appreciate the beauty and form of the female body , but i have no interest in relations or contact and find the stigmas regarding virginity ( quotes for emphasis ) to be somewhat silly or delusional ... hmm ? im sorry ? are you pissed at something ? you look like a rapist ! has it really been seven years since my first con ? the confusion ! the wonder ! and the memories resultant of those two factors ! i got into anime near the end of 8th grade , when i needed something for ... sometimes a show comes around that just feels like it deserves ... more , and sometimes , maybe less . and nothing creates quite a divide among people while bringing in new fans as adaptations and ... well you never know what you're gonna get . the result of this morning's rant with myself . my ibanez afs 75t has been really good to me . i received it as a gift and was somewhat doubtful of it at first , but it has since grown on me . it is transparent red with a gorgeous cream binding along ... yeah , i can assure you that if i woke up a woman , all of my anime fantasies would very quickly come true before it's over . ... it's not so bad being single ... dress in the sluttiest maid outfit i could and spend the day groping myself ... but as a woman this time . more than anything , i'm venting to get my own thoughts in order . looking back at this , i'm actually kind of laughing at myself for saying something so dumb . i think it's just me being on the verge of ... being a thoroughly confirmed intj with asperger's disorder , i should have a highly stereotypical brutality at pursuing my interests . yet , at a very important time of my life , i have very little merit ... yeah , i've noticed this trend as well . the closest intp i know is my brother , from whom i adopted my sense of philosophy . essentially , we will develop contrasting ideas from a similar source ... make an implausible statement from a skewed fact . ex . no assassinations have been linked to me , therefore , i must be the world's greatest assassin ! it cannot be truly understood unless you have ever held a sleeping two-week-old puppy in the palm of your hand . my vote , as always , goes to the great anomallusc . it's protective shell is denser than a neutron star , and it knows all before it happens . as for a teacher , i did have one , but i am a slow learner and he came off as impatient . as of this summer , i plan to take lessons at my local music store . i suppose i should apologize for not responding to any of you ( last month of the semester ) , but thank you for your input . as for skill level , i would say 2/10 , not complete beginner , but certainly ... i suppose i haven't been following my own rules . any art requires perfection of the smallest details . thank you , i needed that kind of motivation . i have been learning to play for over a year , but have begun to stagnate . it is not that i have gotten bored with the process of learning , rather though i find it difficult to break through the ... 5w6 , 1w2 , 3w4 it's difficult enjoying dragonforce while surrounded by metalcore and neo-metallica fans . the latter are always the quickest to judge . actually , i could probably view this as more of an issue with the perceiving functions , but that is just a loose guess . i like them when they don't have their heads up their asses . but then again , that can improve anybody's image . i have no way of overanalyzing the implications of this without legitimately responding to the op , what honestly do you expect of me ? ! i'm the opposite problem . i tend to walk away when somebody is in mid conversation with me . in my own limited experience , stupidity is typically measured by a lack of judgement ( not to be confused with the j designation ) . it really has nothing to do with it at all . i've been considering a nice archtop les paul . don't worry , it just means you're full of shit . i should know , i am the same way . don't worry men , it is perfectly safe to operate a paper cutter in the nude ! this was also pretty true for madoka magica . at firss i thought it would just be another typical magical girl series ... ... i was wrong ... my advice , watch it . no questions , just watch it if ... azumanga daioh is this a zombie yotsuba & they can't catch me if i'm on fire - dan mcninja '