how self-assured i am largely depends on the situation for me . you're right , confidence is often equated with those qualities in our society , or they go hand in hand . i mean , the line between confidence and arrogance is often very blurry . there's also overlap , ... esfj ? never even considered that , lol . i do feel she's more of an introvert , but probably kind of an ' ambivert ' , more inwardly oriented , though she can be pretty social , but it's mostly asking ... hmmm , yes and no ? i mean , she'll notice things , but then seem sort of oblivious ... but i can't fully say . i don't know how she goes about her work much , so i can't really say that much . i'd say she ... you always impress me with your intelligent , insightful responses , aelthwyn . i pretty much agree / see it the same way , and said similar things in the mbti facebook group . extraversion can very well at ... yeah thought she did test infp , i'm beginning to think infj would fit her more . i hesitate to equate insight or instinct with intuition , but she does seem like an intuitive , and definitely seems to ... do you think some types exude more of a natural confidence or are more likely to be confident or present as such ? sometimes overly so ? are some types more prone to lack confidence and be self ... i've been curious about what type my good friend is . it's not that important , and mbti is really just one facet , but i have thought about it . i actually got her to take the test ( forgot if it was the ... yeah like i said , fi should essentially be familiar with their emotions , and put them in the context of some sort of ' emotional logical framework ' , so that they aren't overwhelmed by feelings that ... yes , of course there are many other influences . someone who grows up in a culture that values the wellbeing of the group over the individual , a more collectivist society , might be swayed more towards ... yes , stereotypes etc can certainly affect things . i think fe definitely does tend to be more prone to being conscious of and blending in with their social environment , so if their social environment ... if your fe was really as developed as your fi would you still really be an infp ? maybe the introversion / extroversion for feeling , thinking.etc can be balanced , like for i / e in general ? like i tend to ... and what about infj ? really , though , aside from the whole intuition thing infjs aren't any closer to infps than isfjs . maybe your enneagram plays a role , i think you're probably not an enneagram 4 ... yeah i'm more basing it on feedback from my parents . i don't think they think i'm that selfish , but that i have a selfish side , which isn't that untrue , but sometimes fe users see fi users this way ... infp and isfj are very different . my mother is a textbook isfj , and i can see where we clash a lot . fi and fe tends to probably clash the most of the two functions . i think an isfj who mistypes as an ... i think it depends on the individual . i think ' feeler like ' intps could mistype as infp , and more thinker-type infps , like say an enneagram 5 ( i'm an 5w4 myself , and feel on the f / t borderline ) could ... people say on the surface infp and infj often seem similar , but i'm not sure how true that is , really . in my experience , infjs do seem to give off a different aura . maybe this is hokey-talk , but it ... what is not necessarily introverted feeling , or rather , what things don't necessarily prove you're a strong fi-user / fi-dom , but isn't necessarily not caused by fi : - being overly emotional , ... yeah i'd say fe and se would be the main functions behind it , maybe a combination of fe driving se especially . but may especially the strong fe users .. i think whether it's viewed positively or negatively can depend on so many factors : content , intention , who is using it , your past experience with people calling you by name ( especially by parents ... one thing i noticed awhile ago is that i don't tend to address people by name very much in conversation . like some people will frequently mention a person's name when talking to them , like , ' yeah , i ... match an occupation with an mbti type ( in the most stereotypical sense ): accountant : istj activist : enfp actor : infp / enfp architect : entp artist : isfp / infp athlete : estp banker : istj ... yeah i'd agree extroverted feelings are more that way inclined . introverted thinkers probably the least . i don't think so , really . maybe any extrovert tends to do it more than their equivalent introvert ( so enfp vs infp , entj vs intj etc ) because of a dominant extroverted function . personally i feel se ... i know there are many factors , like cultural background , other personality aspects , your mood , what you're talking about , but i wonder if any generalised trends exist with how much each type / function ... i was actually wondering if it was about how much we use our hands when we talk ... but that gives me a good idea for a thread . do certain types seem to ' grow up ' faster , or try to act all old , responsible , grown up , or adult or ' mature ' earlier than others ? like in childhood and adolescence , but also avoiding any perceived ... do you think intuitives tend to he drawn to the spiritual , mystical or esoteric more so than sensors ? more likely to believe in what is not immediately apparently to the five senses ? i mean , even ... yeah i've noticed infps end up writing these short dissertations , i'm no different . i think we want to explore a subject in-depth , and want to convey what we have to say with as much accuracy as ... leading on from my previous posts , i think it's a bit simplistic to say which type tends to be quieter / louder , more or less talkative . i think it largely depends on just what they tend to like ... what's your opinion ? do you agree / disagree ? i think we have to distinguish between those who just like talking , and those who have the most to say . the most substance . i know i'm biased but in ... we're all ( almost all ) feeling beings with emotion . without feeling , life would be pointless , we'd be like robotic automatons , so the idea of dismissing emotion / feelings is in itself sort of ... isn't the need to stand up for your beliefs so passionately often part of that though ? haha . well obviously we can respond in differently ways , being mature about it frankly stating our position , or ... i don't really see bluntness or honesty as all that particular to tps , although most tps tend to be more this way than others . but yeah , probably broadly true . i'd say a lot of nts , especially extps , ... in descriptive terms what would you say the similarities are between all those in the delta grouping ( as in typical behaviours / thought patterns ) ? damn , how could i have forgot ? but you did a better job anyway , and i agree with that . honestly , i think i'm pretty borderline between infp and intp . not simply because of the f / t dichotomy , but in function tests my ti is quite high , and while i relate more to infp , i relate a lot with ... yes , though maybe she's more maternal than she gives off , and not all sfjs will be . she seems like she'd be fairly accommodating . great idea , i commented on a video she made , 50 things about me , i ... most and least ' open-minded ' ' freethinking ' types , in the true sense of the word , not merely being ' liberal ' or slavishly following anything that's popular . i'd say ntps the most , sxjs the least . that infps / fi-doms are all easily offended little unicorns without a backbone ... fi is probably the most powerful function when utilised or aroused . and it means an internal system of values , not just ... i think isfj / esfj is most common , then istj and estj . though it really depends on what you're looking for , and how ' accurate ' your observations and conclusions are . stereotypically though she doesn't seem like an fi-dom . isfps also seem quite moody , at times , though we shouldn't assume they're all moody . i get an fe vibe from her , she seems pretty easy going , ... wow you're only 13 ? haha . tbh i think it's still a bit young to really be sure of your type , though your personality kind of is quite set from an early age , i think , it sort of just matures , like ... my personality type is definitely very different to my parents and siblings , though there have to be a few similarities . you didn't have a ' both but not necessarily equally ' option . i'd say it's a complex question that requires delving into biology / genetics / social-developmental ... i know jungian feeling doesn't equal simply being emotional , of course . many people think fi means just being highly emotional / sensitive , when it's about referencing your internal values , and infps ... basically , i think each type might have a tendency to excel more in certain types of intelligences . i'm not sure one could really conclusively say one type trumps them all , or a few types are much ... of course , it's just one example , and there are a million other factors , but i know one intjs who gives off the impression of being cool and rational , but gets pretty arrogant and condescending when ... thanks to david keirsey we usually divide the 16 types into four temperaments : the sjs ( guardians ) , sps ( artisans ) , nfs ( idealists ) and nts ( rationalists ) , as if they share most in common with each ... calm that fi , child ;) , this wasn't to be taken too seriously . you must be new to the forum lol .