' i find that poster and your facial expression , along with the fact that you are intp , so ironic . lmao . 10/10 points i can definitely see how this happens . i used to do this too and jump to false conclusions . but i think once the function and the individual mature and develop , this becomes less of an issue . this ... gonna have to say esfjs ... reading through your posts coupled with people saying you should seek professional help reminded me of tate from the first season of american horror story . do you relate to him at all ( if you've ... a ) pick the few you relate to most , and rank them from most to least , with a brief explanation if you're generous . unconscious childhood messages : type 1 - it's not okay to make mistakes . type ... when you remember small things people mentioned that even they don't remember mentioning - _ - when you unintentionally collect little tid-bits about people just cause you pay attention . i honestly did not like the first episode . it was really low on the horror factor ( both visually and plot wise ) . i expect that show to leave me psychologically distressed , but it wasn't too bad at ... i guess i'm not outwardly emotionally moody . if i have turmoil going on outside , i won't act moody towards a person so i can't be considered emotionally moody . i dunno . that's what i meant . and ... the fi and fe clash is real . i saw those descriptions before and thought the infj one was rather negative and exaggerated . also , me personally , i'm not easily offended at all . but i am easily hurt . there's a difference . if you ... alphonse from full metal alchemist lindsey lee wells from an abundance of katherines :p roud : and justin from let's be cops . did anyone watch it yet ? i thought he was so infj . it's simple . well , no it's not . but i think it's because individual acts of selfishness are rewarded in society . and those rewards are usually tangible which makes all the difference in the world ... all my suitemates talk about is sex and / or drinking , but mainly sex . it's kind of really annoying . i feel left out by them intentionally because i'm not in to that stuff , even though i can go along ... quick ! act like a cool extravert or a psychotic introvert ! divert attention and don't let them figure us out ;) ) ) - a few months ago , i was at the mall and saw a man walking in the opposite side . for some reason , i had this strong feeling that he was a specific user from this site . he turned around , and the back ... no you're totally right . maybe it's more appropriate for females and / or younger people ? i suppose if you have real world issues like career , finance , etc , typing them in a website won't help . but ... i had to get fancy with the formatting . i'll go first with some really stupid examples . so once i was walking to class and had this cool shirt on . i passed by a glass case with a reflection , and i ... because it does much of its work subconsciously , ni can seem to have a certain magical quality about it . in fact , it is not unusual for injs to be viewed as having some degree of psychic or ... hmm , i see what you mean . well , i didn't develop those websites so i don't have control over that . i merely described what they are . the incentive for the first one is that it's venting . the music is ... well i'm glad you could stop . i've been close to it , but i've never done it . but i understand why people do it and the mentality behind it . it is a sort of addiction for a lot of people . and yeah , ... oh man , that's unfortunate :/ well at least you tried ... why did she do it ? i'd never approach her about it , i just wanted to make random conversation . maybe she's lonely too , idk . but i'll try next ... sat next to a girl with scars on her wrists ... they weren't new but still , always breaks my heart when i see something like that :( because sometimes it's people that you'd never guess . and i'm pretty ... friendz . how ? is there a manual for that trying to rationalize life has only led to logical fallacies in your thinking process . because really , life can't be rationalized . it's just random chaos . sometimes we need to stop trying to ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MGfhQTbcqmA i guess . ohh , i thought you were performing or something . i tend to get you and bubbleboy mixed up a lot for some reason . well , that's cool too . everything is fake except for what the cavemen / nomads did . that's how i see it anyways . it's a complex intricate system of man made concepts and things , some decided because we need them to survive , ... oh :/ i don't think i could get anything done if i stayed home lol . and yeah , i'm in my third week . i think we get 2-3 smaller midterms , thats why . thanks ! good luck , kill it ! wait , for poetry ? yep . it sucks ... single + haven't made friends + 2 midterms soon ... lol . and 4 8 a.ms ? god , i feel bad for you . jaysh the weather is the same where i'm at . just last week it was all 80s , now it's ... i'm cold , i'm tired ... the school stress is starting ... oh , the feelings i haven't missed . oh and lonely but you know , whatever . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e8xni3EcIbc isfps are one of the easiest s types to get along with . i find that a lot of the time , they make great friends because a lot of their interests and their general style is similar to mine . they ... if anyone uses the websites in the thread , like the thoughts room or the dawn room , please post what you thought of it . i feel like most people are seeing this thread as another one of those ... and ... i haven't seen the movie but i read the book . i related to charlie's awareness of things and people around him . just how deeply he felt everything that was happening and how he analyzed situations ... this asdfghjkl ( zombie apocalypse ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PhhyHOCMl78 after everything ends ( victory song ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OGPD0ZBiMs0 basically , this whole ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BGh0CcbVoPQ nostalgia :( resurrecting thread - quality or quantity ? - compassion or justice ? - is or should ? - altruism or egoism ? - optimism or pessimism ? - confidentiality or honesty ? - oppressor or oppressed ? ... lala ~ lmaooo i'm sure you'll find a lady . the question is , will you find the right lady ? we'll all be tuned in : ninja :: laughing : in a field that is so technical skill / talent based such as computer programming , having a masters in economics probably won't help you . of course it may depend on the company hiring , but most likely ... what is gained by sacrificing personal beliefs for the sake of collective beliefs ? what is gained is peace and an avoidance of conflict . fe is like a neutral alignment . if something will benefit ... gotta find me some intuitives for this crack . going through withdrawals :P http://31.media.tumblr.com/a7a5a762aa533f32e277de6058d3b86e/tumblr_n7iqejzDY01tbvnyyo1_500.png http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oUou-eBxFNE hmph . thank god i'm dorming . i best not come here anymore . yes , i can relate . i went through a long period of not caring and then i just started missing these old friends . there was one period in my life ( 5th - 7th grade ) where i had this group of friends ... deep philosophical conversation . blasting music in the car with someone who also loves that music and being able to bond with no conversation or pressure . literally my favorite thing . 1 ) when we say something to you , listen attentively ( i . e : nod , comment back , smile , just reply somehow to show that you're engaged ! ) too many people don't do this and it makes me never want to speak ... yeah , true . i know there are too many labels when it comes to rock / metal but they have a unique sound . and i can't believe that really happened to the drummer , that's rough . well , soad's lyrics ... 189658 shit , guys . should i go over to the intps for some help ? : laughing : it's the matrix . i love them so much . i've been on a soad spree . favorites are chop suey ! , byob , lonely day , aerials & toxicity . for some reason though , the you don't care about how i feel , i don't feel her ... '