' perhaps it's not reasonable to expect the benefits of saying something like we should make our computer passwords ' iloveporn 420 ' to exceed the costs ... it's also strange how these people don't seem to be nearly as anti-neo-nazi as they were anti-nazi ... my mom is an estp . every day is say whatever pops into her head day . i'm exhausted within 5 minutes of being around her ... that must be a good feeling to be part of a likeable group ... : rolleyes : to anyone who likes watching documentaries , check out forks over knives and what the health . not to mention that dogs need to be walked ... outside ... where lots of strangers will want to stop you and talk to you about your dog ... : shocked : among other things , being able to distinguish between intimacy and passion helped me to realize that what i really want in my friendships is intimacy as it is defined in the theory . i had always ... my infj friend introduced me to this theory a few years ago , and i found it very useful . i particularly like the distinction between intimacy and passion ( as those are commonly conflated ) , and i ... to be fair , there's no such thing as an asshole or a bigot : those are just labels that we apply to people when they appear to display behaviors / characteristics that we ( subjectively ) don't like ... because estjs are the most common personality type ( https://mypersonality.info/personality-types/population-gender/ ) ... i've never been that way , until very recently . i have always been the person that wanted to stay in touch with good friends when life has taken us in different directions , but ( long story short ) i've ... i've thought a lot about whether cats have personality types and / or whether they use the cognitive functions . i'm pretty sure all cats are sensors , and i also tend to think that they use both se ... there are multiple different theories about what constitutes a perfect match . one of the most popular is the one that suggests that a perfect match involves sharing either the n or the s , and then ... the general explanation for why jesus performed miracles was to provide evidence in support of his claim to be the son of god . as you know , i am an older intj male who has a younger infj female friend , so it seems like i should have something useful to add . i ’ m not sure that i do , but your comment “ i guess he doesn't like ... it makes sense that the most similar type to any given type is the type with the opposite e or i and the same n / s , f / t , j / p , which ( as you note ) for the infj would be the enfj . perhaps the ... according to this psychology fact #451 ( psychology ) being unable to get someone off your mind indicates that you are also on that person ’ s mind . i could believe this if it said if you know ... infj - it is completely mind-boggling to me that you are coming back to my city today , and that you still haven ’ t contacted me since july . i have to say : i am disappointed in you , and in how ... i guess i've just struggled to figure out whether i am in or out with my pal . she has said several things that made me feel more in and more c3 , but her ignoring me for the past 5 + months makes ... thanks , rebecca m . so it sounds as if there are 3 categories of people for you : ( 1 ) those that doesn't deserve any of your energy , ( 2 ) those that do deserve your energy but whom you nevertheless ... are you like this with everyone in your life , or only people who are a low priority for you ? put another way , if you treat someone like this , could that person reasonably conclude that you don't ... my infj friend ( who moved to a different part of the world a year ago ) emailed me on july 23rd to say that she would definitely schedule a phone call with me in august . i haven't heard a peep ... don't miss these exciting aapprriill threads , coming soon to an infj-forum near you : 1 . what's your real name ? 2 . what's your birthday ? 3 . what's your social security number ? 4 . what's your ... sounds like we have the same friends ... :d ry : the infj : everyone's favorite feminine hygiene product dear infj , intjs aren't flaky people , ( i'm pretty sure te is anti-flake ) , so i think your lunch date should materialize on friday . intjs also typically have well-thought-out reasons for the plans ... being around my estp mother makes me completely exhausted , in a manner of just a few minutes ... huh uh , you said ass-ume ... thanks for asking . i'm happy to weigh in . yes , i tend to regard these social conventions as silly and just ignore them . i'm completely oblivious to this kind of thing , and if i need to know ... we all know that christmas is a big commercial racket . it's run by a big eastern syndicate , you know . thanks for explaining , ladies . what you said rings true for me . my ex-infj friend was usually the one to bring up an unspoken conflict between us that i was inclined to leave unspoken . she used to ... where does infj's alleged need for harmony fit in ... ? interesting . is this the same intj that was involved in the wedding schedule kerfuffle ? not sure whether it's an intj thing or not , but i definitely don't enjoy discussing subjects that have ... i think i resemble this remark . care to elaborate ... ? ps : nothing like a surprise visit from gene parmesan ... that must be a really good feeling . i hope to someday get there in relation to my ( former ? ) infj friend ... that's great ! i'm glad it worked out that way ... were you the one who initially suggested getting together with him for tea ? if so , he will probably expect you to be the one to follow through on your suggestion by also suggesting a particular place ... at the risk of repeating what others have said , your conclusion here is almost certainly incorrect . for starters , i think he probably cares a lot about your feelings , which is why he asked your ... thanks , igor . that was very touching to read . from what you've written it sounds like there have been situations where you have cut people from your life , even if ( 1 ) you still liked / loved and cared ... yes . if you say you're gonna do something , do it ; if you don't think you can follow through on something , don't commit to it in the first place . out of curiosity , 1 . how did those female friends respond to you cutting them from your life ? 2 . did you ever discuss this with them ? 3 . did they ever try to contact you ? dear infj , as you know , it has always bothered me when you cancel plans with me or when you don ’ t follow through on some commitment you ’ ve made . it took me a long time to realize that i am ... i can't speak for all intjs , but i actually think i am quite aware of how other people are feeling , at least more than the stereotypical description of intjs would suggest . the issue , though , is that ... not sure if you know this or not , but highly sensitive person ( hsp ) is a thing ... funny story : my dad cheated on my mom and they divorced when i was one year old . i grew up blaming myself , and thinking that if even my own dad doesn't love me , then i must be inherently unlovable ... isolated when an overstressed / unhappy intj has isolated him / herself from others , i would say that the best way for someone else to respond is to do something nice for the intj to show that you care ( such as ... te helps , too ... i have a very hard time moving on when a friendship has ended without me really understanding why . i obsess until i get understanding and closure , and if i don't get them , then i think about it for ... makes me wonder if our types are the most likely to deal with porn and related addictions ... '