' infp , from experience . i would say types desire companionship at varying degrees of their life stages . infp seems to be the type that increasingly desires solitude as they age . in the colloquial pejorative autism sense — intp by far . in reality , from working with lots of autistic spectrum kids ? it could be any type since they vary so much from person to person . topic . each type can have a unique way of trying to be enticing , in theory . tell jokes ? if your personality type was an easter egg , what would be in the gooey center ? i think the robot arm guy from logan is an enfp . http://www.mymbuzz.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2017/02/Logan-Pierce-trailer.png entj once they are caught in embezzlement or malpractice . tmlt be have an expensive hammock . transcendentalism , as a philosophy , is a specific eastern system and not what i was referring to . you induced transcendentalism as a a philosophical system . read the previous posts--it is all stated there . if you cannot figure it out from there then you aren't intelligent enough to continue this reasoning . if that is so then i can send you a coloring ... beauty is a transcendental so it would be a good qualifier ; however , my opinion , or relative chilness , is not a qualifier ( no more than my opinion has to do with the function of weather or ... because a bag is very impersonal and can hold anything from diapers to plums ( use intended for far less . ) you believe the bag is transcendent ? if so , i won't argue , but to most people there is ... esfp tmlt like chicken salad and no other type of salad . i tried oxiclean ( with no pre-soak ) to no success . i am now trying a wash cycle with the stains coated in dawn dish soap . in my opinion , esfps give away the difference more than enfps will once you get a feel for dominant se . i have a lot of real life intp friends ; some of them are by far the most accomplished of my source friend circle ( one is a quantum physicist of sorts in montreal now . ) i am fairly familiar with ... intj ( i do this all of the time . ) tmlt have generalized animosity towards religion but , hypocritically , be negatively dogmatic , belief-set imposing , and ( fill in the blank ) that he or she ... xntj ( te to rationalize for choice efficiency and ni to consolidate their expression of self into two colors ) tmlt overthink basic customer / cashier interactions to the point of avoiding them ... estj www.imgur.com/aay4tv3.jpg i can hear a long george clooney monologue explaining his rationale for his 15 % or nothing system . tmlt be personally offended by a professor's logical ... entp tmlt go to a vocational school even though they have talent for and desire for a nōn-practical education . enfj tmlt to waste their childhood away snapchatting and missing out on everything else . entj tmlt build their own log cabin . esfj tmlt grow up to be an adult who can only cook pop-tarts . i think any type can be snobby . i agree ( with infj . ) estj for the one who doesn't like to be stared at . tmlt become a cat lady . esfj whose kids love trick or treating . tmlt to listen to pretentious indie folk music . i don't agree with most of what you said . you definitely are allowed to say throngs you want , here , on an internet forum , though . istjs have si as a dom function , ergo , they mentally delve in the past constantly . for itachi , there isn't much evidence of him using te ( which an intj would have in the auxiliary slot ) however ... entp ? if i understood your post correctly . tmlt have a shopping addiction but not actually like shopping . xnfp ( fi for the personal sentiment , ne for the neglect ) tmlt act like an alien trying to pass as human . infp tmlt have a level 90 paladin and no job . tipo killing anyone with a bag is demeaning . i think death should be a vehicle for transcendence , while a bag does not prevent this it does signify something humiliating . intjs , sometimes , will rev up the te function when dealing with difficult fi issues . this is to numb out the underdeveloped fi and depersonalize . i could see other types doing this . i don't see extroverted intuition as a dominant function in either one . isfp or infp tmlt have a neckbeard . itachi is an infj . yeah , i have rejected some enfps over 20 times and they remain unphased . the general consensus , from a jungian perspective is that the every letter much be different except for the s or n ( should remain the same . ) my gut says you are something with ti-ne-fe . a picture of dumb ni-te ideas . 668042 as someone who appreciates intps , and respects ti thoroughness i'm surprised to see such an anecdotal non-abstract generalization . are you sure you are an ... i don't think that is fi or ti . from what i understood , you just said that opposite attract ? i know many intjs and esfjs ( especially through work ) and a common complaint amongst the xntjs is that the esfjs are lost when it comes to abstraction . how can i help bridge this gap of communication ? there is a common respect amongst the two types i find , even though there aren't complementary dominant or auxiliary functions . he was a manipulator and a slimeball in every sense of the word ( no offense . ) i know other estps who aren't this . what is the best way to get to know estps in a different light ( that isn't ... i know many isfps in my life ( my sister is one . ) how does an intuition dominant connect with one ? what is the best way to connect with an isfp if you had to condense the concept into one act . topic . intj or isfp ? preferably ones who likes intjs and are single ? i want to talk to them about things . that isn't abstract ! this is a self-masturbatory post . '