' i drink coffee when i need to wake up or focus on a task and i drink tea to chill out and relax . although there are some tea's that work just as well as coffee . different tools for different jobs . salt n pepa http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=25BlzbPU0FQ i hate ___ i fit into ___ category of people most people don't even hate ___ . they're just parrots . justin beiber is a specific example that i hear mentioned often and people are ... i go by puppy , but my slave name is daniel . my dad was a karate dork in the 80 ' s and well , do the math . edit : daniel means the chosen one to someone , somewhere or something . i really don't give a shit about what other people like or don't like . everything is subjective at heart . it cracks me up when people piss and moan about things like justin beiber . honestly , who ... duran duran - rio :) the picture is actually by patrick nagel . he did a lot of these paintings in the 80 ' s . i'd like to hear your theory . good luck catching me . it was a joke ( i hope you're not serious either ) i'm toxic . i shouldn't get so close , i shouldn't be so open . people misconstrue this for intense feelings of interest , love or passion , but i'm just curious . i destroy barriers immediately to ... rule # a never settle rule # b don't say i love you unless you mean it . even if you think you mean it , you're probably desperate . sleep on it . rule # c this too shall pass i really like drugs . i respect drugs . drugs are my friend . it feels great to be intelligent and attractive , all though i'm by no means socially awkward . i wish that stereotype would die already . not all of us are otaku man-children . edit : proof that i go ... http://i.imgur.com/3KxkY.jpg ~ i voted for the 3rd option , but didn't do so as a troll . that's honestly how i feel . sorry bro ! my girlfriend is an intj . i keep her thoughts and feelings logically sound and she keeps me from acting like a calculated , emotionless robot all the time . everything stated in this thread is true ... http://i.imgur.com/BmOxg.jpg recently i've been ... there will always be one asshole thinking to himself , hey , i could totally take advantage of this ___ so he does . i was in the army for 3 months and quit shortly after basic training . it was intp hell . i will elaborate more some other time if enough people give a shit . fear of girls . for the first time in a while i can't say that i have any real gripes . life is pleasant :) now i'm waiting for it all to gracefully come crashing down . tell her to go pound sand in the politest manner possible . she is your daughter , not your mother in law's , and it is not at her discretion to dictate your child's life and behavior . input could be ... i was unaware that this was some sort of special club . when people try to bullshit me . please stop , i know you're doing it and i'm beginning to feel very embarrassed for you . is he neurotically charming ? he may be an intp . 28988 dawww i don't know about intimidation , but i've been told that i have a bitch face and upon first glance looked like an asshole . i feel that i could have been any one of these subtypes at various points of my life . this doesn't seem consistent enough , in fact i'm sensing a lot of wishful thinking here . as with many a perc ... i like watching little numbers get bigger . i hate anime . http://www.livejournal.com do everything . not all intps are socially awkward shut-ins ... i would like to think that people think of me as charming , but a little spacey . i understand that people will never fully grasp whats going on in my ... it boils down to this . i love drugs , i think drug addiction is fascinating and i have romanticized the idea of drug usage for many years . with that said , i've proactively worked much of the hands on portion of these ideals ... parts of it . data was gathered from various sources . the 48 laws of power . this gave me a hearty erection . the 48 laws of power today needs to be over already too much and they make me lazy , not enough and they make me crazy . people that act like not reading books makes you a philistine are completely obnoxious , i read my last book about 4 years ago and i'm no dummy . there is a thing ... its call the internets , it is made ... i'm extremely intelligent and i don't hide the fact . at the same time though , i am humble and accessible . when complimented in regards to my intelligence i gracefully accept platitudes and tell ... i would kill and eat her , if i were you . so , the other day i was listening to tears for fears - sowing the seeds of love and for the first time after hearing this song millions of times before , i picked up on the lyric open minds think ... i bought a shit load of asian spices / sauces / oils on a whim one night while out shopping and have been incorporating them into breakfast ( which is every meal ) ever since.the results have been ... i don't know if i'm lonely or not ... i'm not sure if i care either . i'm always too wrapped up in contemplating the two to even notice that i've spent another night alone , sipping on my jug of wine ... i'm a sham . dear every intj i know , you're right . you're right about every single thing ever . happy holidays , an intp lets all take a moment to appreciate shapes , and cardboard . love it . i am the box and you are all inside me . '