' isfj hufflepuff :D so that makes it ok to generalise a whole group of people ? i feel different , misunderstood ... what is with the assumption sensors have it easier ? all i did was offer another perspective . because ... i just wanted to clear up any misunderstanding so maybe we could get along . i don't understand your hostility . also i am shy and find small talk difficult ... but in the real world it is a way to build rapport . i'm not suggesting you start liking it as sometimes it makes me anxious when faced with it . but i ... i think it's not very nice to be mean about people because they talk about things you are not interested in or don't go straight to the deep , philosophical stuff ? i wasn't being horrible . you have ... thanks guys :) i think you might just be typing people you dislike as sensors ? si or se does not = lack of intelligence . i like chatting about the theoretical or abstract , but i am more inclined to feel more ... as soon as i read the first few answers i guessed estp and possibly enneagram 3 . i think what is most important here is not to look to typology for answers . i did this ( i had generalized anxiety ... yay ! and is there still a lot more intuitives than sensors ? it was very intuitive dominated back when i was on here . you have an aldous huxley quote in your signature . i love brave new world . i ... wow mr cafebot you have a wife and kids now ? i feel old :p i've been signed up to this since 2009 : o but i haven't been active in years . somebody reminded me of this today so i thought i would come back . i'm seriously cringing at some of the posts i made ... oooo joan crawford was a babe . i have very broad shoulders and i love how she purposely exaggerated hers even though she was told movies didn't want her and her big shoulders , as it's not normally ... why won't you tidy your room ? why isn't your wardrobe organised in colour order ? why aren't your dvds alphabetised ? how can you even live with yourselves ? hehe i love you all really , but tidy up ... i'm very glad you are feeling better now :) i think enfps and people similar to that type like the start of things ... like meeting new people and getting to know them but once they have got to know ... michael , run . run before it's too late ! don't say i didn't warn you . holly . but on a serious note : i'm an infj ( god ) but i shall add you if you want my dear :) holy moley this post is gonna be revealing ... how easily do you trust people ? was there any event ( assuming you are weary of people ) that made you cautious ? i don't trust people at all . i am ... i'm english so i dunno if you will recognise all of these . being human ( uk version , never watched the american one ) . call the midwife embarrassing bodies 24 hours in a & e one born every ... howdy :D anyone here a nurse or even a student nurse ? i am going to start my mental health nursing course in april and i would like any advice you could give me about your experiences . in the ... i have dark brown eyes but they can look hazel a lot of the time . sometimes they look almost black though : o it's strange . you are coming on waaay too strong . tone it down please :P i have been on the receiving end of this behaviour and i always think i did something wrong or just like that girl i think i was being messed with . i would have loved it if they had just told me what ... dazed and confused . kind , solitary , perfectionist , creative and devoted . i hate the fact i act properly all the time . people talk to me like i'm a bag of shit and i so want to kung fu fight them in the face but i can't bring myself to be so impolite . so i act really calm ... i find this happens too and i get terribly confused and assume i read the signals wrong . do you know why you do this ? i can't figure it out for the life of me . something far too special and beautiful for me . sometimes i feel like it is a curse but overall i would say it is a gift . i am not a particularly intelligent person . i have quite an average vocabulary , my maths is awful ( i struggle with simple ... i like the emy reynolds version the best by far but this is cool : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HFZywOwkWaI crikey that is very oneish . yeah emma is an nfj of some sort . i'm more inclined to say she is a fe-dom though . and interesting why do you think 1w2 for emma ? i always though she was a 3w2 , but interviews are quite tricky ... only just started this . i accidentally got blue paint on the pill . and on my face . http://i45.tinypic.com/1zzqs5i.jpg i'm not an accomplished painter i apologise . but this is to represent ... october 6th libra i haven't looked through this thread because it's long and i'm lazy so this may have been mentioned before , but does anyone think rooney mara is an infj ? i'm pretty certain she is . any thoughts on ... remus frickin lupin ! 57898 ( click on the piccy ) it's important to remember that just because a fictional character reminds you of yourself it doesn't necessarily mean they share the same type . it is also important to remember that a writer will ... it's very difficult to type fictional characters as they are not always consistent . rowling her self has said hermione is an exaggerated version of herself when she was younger so this might in ... hermione is a 1w2 ( and so is jk rowling apparently ) . so some of her traits to do with being idealistic and having morals etc will come off very infjish . she has these strong reactions to anything ... wowzas how long ago did i write this ? ? : o i'm glad it's helped some of you guys :) my enfp sister is doing great btw :) still a diva but it's why i love her :D fucking friendzoned . oh well at least i have hugh jackman as back up * comfort eats * no i hate that bitch ;) :p all my family are in hufflepuff :) me : infj dad : esfp mom : enfj sister : isfp sister : enfp my dad is an esfp and my mom is an enfj . growing up i found it hard to communicate with my dad and his jokes and hap hazard way of dealing with things would often offend me . he is great at cheering ... 10 . we are planners yes . i feel insecure and stressed if i don't plan . 9 . we are extremely intelligent hmmm . i'm average i think but i am smart in terms of wisdom and understanding ... yeah i think that's what frustrates me the most , that i can't understand what the hell must be going through their heads . i'm also small built and look like if the wind blew too strongly i would fall ... it depends how attached i am . nowadays , you piss me off enough and i'm gone . you have to do something very morally wrong though for me to do that ... like tell a really bad lie , cheat etc . i do find it ... i hate that you can tell i am a big softie just by looking at me . even though i am a lot more thick skinned and assertive these days i still get spoken to like shit nearly all the time . it doesn't ... everyone thinks i'm sweet and innocent for some reason . i am glad you have cottoned onto the fact that i am a raging psychopath ;) it's to prove we are all very naughty boys and girls ;) damn sensors . the s stands for slut don't you know . but yeah i'm just echoing what others have said when i say you can't generalise it to type . some sensors are nice , some are not . some intuitives ... '