' sure im certain ... if we assume mbti is even valid . i mean its a good system and all , but there's a degree of individualization that prevents typing people or labeling them in any way from ever ... intp and nope never . i'm not heavily introverted either , i usually score slightly more introverted than extroverted , but its fairly close . i can deal with people and enjoy the stimulation it brings , ... i'm 26 , and i voted no . it's not that there have never been romantic interests in my life , ive just never felt any kind of emotional love . i do get very interested and intrigued by certain people , ... my hair used to be past shoulder length . it was very long . i cut it about 2 months ago to be short . i would cut my hair myself with long hair , but with short hair i want someone else to cut it . ... is it really insecurity if you're being a realist ? if i know anything i have done is not good , i don't share it because that implies i want something from you . ( commentary / validation / criticism ) if i ... a likely story ... intp here . i seem to gain energy from introversion and extroversion . if i never see another human being again i will be fine . i am comfortable when alone and never need to go out . however , when i ... intp slight introversion : 11/21 moderate intuition : 20/26 very clear thinking : 24/24 very clear perceiving : 21/22 what a surprise ... chili . : tongue : headofhudet of course , most of us would already know our painting was garbage . xd let me save you the trouble . you're an infp . lol xd well , i would betray my country in a heartbeat for money . does that answer your question ? okay just kidding . i am an american , but i don't love this country . i dislike our leaders . i dislike ... all i can say is ... what a waste of money ! ! ! okay i guess i can say more , if he is trying to make excuses and not taking responsibility , then it sounds like you are headed for future ... i find small points of time in-between tasks to meditate , but i don't actively set a time for it to sit on the floor or anything . i also consider meditation the direction of your thoughts , so i seek ... maybe if you post long enough you'll find out . :) 1 . yes 2 . when i have extra money 3 . yes 4 . all different kinds . i don't have special restaurants i go to just because im alone . usually i like to eat mexican food , so i'll go there . 5 . anything ... our shadow type is either the intj or entj . both of those types have our shadow functions . i think the answer you're looking for differs on the person not the type . i have never changed types ... esfps can be cool , it just depends on the person . straight-up though ... my best times i've had with esfps were only because i was doing drugs with them . i only have a couple requirements for the type of person i go for . someone that accepts me . that and they have to be female ... lol call me shallow , but they also have to be at minimum a 5/10 ... it has to be online . it has to be highly competitive . it has to be based on skill and not a leveling system . however , i don't like most video games . i rarely spend any time on games or tv / movies ... i don't usually get angry . usually anger has a reason behind it which is deep seated in identity and / or a perceived threat . it can also happen when someone else isn't behaving the way you think they ... never continue a discussion with someone that doesn't give you feedback on what you are saying . it means they just like to hear themselves talk . once this happens i just say , uh huh ... sure ... i didnt rate it down if thats what you are implying . i would never vote . the people that say your vote matters are full of it in my opinion . your vote does not matter , and it never has . why would i waste 30 minutes of my time on earth to do a ... still seems to be a 3 to me ... lol darkbarlow haha funny story man . i not only care less , but i care differently . when i care about someone it is not an emotional response , it's what i have cognitively determined appropriate . to satisfy what i deem appropriate i do ... nah . why would i point out someone's flaws ? the best information is the kind that's kept secret . then you can use it to your advantage . :p nah , i used to do this a lot when i was younger . i would ... yes and sorry for appearing to hijack your thread atamagasuita haha look forward to seeing your posts kinda yeah . the important thing to note is that extroversion and introversion have nothing to do with preference . one can be an ambivert and prefer a state of introversion or they can be ... thoughts control . simply do and be , the thoughts will follow . do not allow your thoughts to dictate your behavior . cognitive dissonance can help . the next person you dont trust ( but you ... ambiverts are essentially extroverts that are able to gain energy from being alone . thats why they appear extroverted . at least the big five factor model doesnt include introversion as a trait ... tofuscrambler well ayeee you are a-okay in my book : wink : whaaat ? there is clayfighter for n64 ? i have only played it on super nintendo as a kid growing up . but i am glad you caught that reference , you're the first one so far ! xd hi well , im sure you wont have too much trouble . there are some cool people here . dont be afraid to post :P welcome to the show . nothing really annoys me about them . they are just as annoying as other people are . typically i get along with them . but i guess the one thing that annoys me about them is they are really bad ... i dont really get nightmares like most people . for instance , i may have a nightmare where i am falling to my death , but i am really calm while it is happening and then i hit the ground and die . then ... is that why they always try and pull shit on you , and then later they say , oh im so sorry . i'm a piece of shit and blah blah blah . i apologize all the time when i recognize i am wrong , but i ... yeah , i find sociopaths seem to have little difficulty holding onto grudges for long periods of time . i usually forget about anything i find distasteful within no time at all . and at the very ... yesterday , i had a short discussion ( argument from his pov lol ) with what made a sociopath . he was a sociopath , and he became very angry during the discussion . he kept declaring that intense trauma ... drunk parrot i dunno . i've only seen 2-3 interviews . my options for a favorite are limited in that respect . i enjoyed ted bundys last interview . you can see many of the psychopath ' tells ' in that ... maybe you can watch random youtube videos of a lecture instead . that may compensate . i love humiliating myself . i love trauma . i love pain . it helps me to understand myself and other people . it is a learning experience . i welcome all forms of chaos into my life and get excited ... always a pleasure . it is beneficial to provoke thoughts . we can grow from this . it is a gift . take care . why subjectivity ? because anything can be perceived in a subjective context . perception is everything . most people dont know the difference between objectivity and subjectivity because they ... you are describing individual behavior mannerisms , and connecting it to nihilism . nihilism has no baggage . happy to hear your thoughts on if im wrong . happy to be advised to the contrary . i ... nihilism is all about freedom . there are no ' oughts ' this doesnt mean you should kill people or kill yourself because you're depressed . in fact no nihilist would . only an ' ought ' would ... its based on a video game i used to play as a kid . thanks by the way . :) to kill for sport why is nihilism drama ? it is the most logically sound ethical position . it also allows you freedom in your behavior and influences cognitive thought . a lot of people ... '