' my posture was bad bad bad . i didn't even realise it at first but since i started rollerblading , lifting stuff at work and doing some pushups , my back straightened up and my shoulders feel more ... why not extroverted ? i'm not surprised that infps like really good rpg's . ( shooters are for sensors lol ) my favs : kotor 1 & 2 , gothic 1 & 2 , mass effect , fallout 3 , the witcher , oblivion , diablo 2 ( though it's ... looks like you just described me with a few exceptions . i'm pretty sure you're an infp i learned how to be a better extrovert . at first it was draining but that was just my anxiety out of my comfort zone . in time it got easier ... i just needed to stop thinking about what the other ... wow . this is the first hate topic i see . i want more ! me + alcohol = the best person i've met ^ ^ i'm quite inlove with myself in those periods lol . except when i go a little overboard and i become too social different sides of the same truth i love both . i just loove adrenaline :D i wanna do skydiving , bunjeejumping , basejumps :D i'm not afraid at all of physically pain , it makes me feel alive i believe ( and i may be wrong ) that we are just as unhealthy as the next person but we are too self-aware ( and that can be a gift or a curse ) you have to be your best friend ! what we usually do is ... i think i'm one of the few infps that get along well with entps . i have 2 great male friends and 1 female . they seem arrogant , pushy and love to argue but once you get beyond that barrier they can ... yea they're amazing but they can sometimes drain me of energy ... tooo much socializing :D lose your fear of failure and go out there . try everything , go to new places , meet new people , say stupid things without caring of what other think but most importantly do not be afraid of ... braveheart special i used to walk very slouchy , with my head down and daydreaming but since i started reading about self-confidence , body language i learned to keep my back straight , shoulders relaxed on the back and ... insomnium ( melodic death metal ) helped me alot through hard times soldiers of jah army ( reggae ) right after that anger period when everything cooled down and there was peace :D and now lately i ... i find there's instant atraction with alot of esf for me ... but in the long run i think i preffer nf / nt ... also st kinda creep me out sensing is the hardest for me . right now i'm trying all sorts of meditation , relaxation techniques , selfhypnosis ... lack of motivation and self confidence would be my biggest enemies yea your story sounds alot like mine . my mother used to buy me clothes and i never really cared about as long as they looked normal . i started changing my clothes when i got into the whole metal ... you just described me . just because he dosen't show his feelings that much dosen't mean he's not infp . it's pretty hard being an infp male when you're supposed to be tough and control your emotions ... i can sense people's emotion and i can see how one person acts naturally and how when he lies ( emotionally ) ... i don't think i could read a good lier though http://twistedsifter.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/there-are-people-who-weird-comic-blue.jpg i would definately rather be rememberd by the pain i caused because i believe that everytime we get hurt it is an oportunity for us to grow , it is a sign that something is wrong and nobody can hurt ... over the internet i see alot of people that are searching and searching and gathering more and more information and knowledge and keep discovering themselves but there is always more to discover , ... we have influence over them but not complete control . especially not when it comes to fi it all depends on the person . i can talk much more freely with thinkers because i know they are not so ... googling for ways to develop ne i found this thing that got me laughing . it's a funny view of ne you could think of an infpx 92s ne as a loyal servant who walks the perimeter of the grounds ... i just had to quote this , thank you for that ! gave me alot to think about the point is not to be completely in the present moment ( i don't think we could ever do that anyway ) but to find a balance . we're way too much in our heads , focused on future , past , posibilities ... really helpful ! i agree with all that you said and i'm eager to read more . right now i can't think of something that will be helpful to infps ( i'm only 20 so i don't think i have much to say ... yes . eckhart tolle is amazing it was always hard for me to trust people and took alot of time for them to get to me . i think i can read people easily so i know their intentions before they open their mouth . but the few people i ... i think the best leader is the one that dosen't want to lead . the kind of leader that dosen't want to force people to do something but rather tells them what their choices are and what would look ... these fit me very well but i don't think it is because we don't use our intuition ... the infp can't use extraverted intuition to take in information in a truly objective fashion it's just that ... i only had cats and i love em but i would preffer a dog i used to be very picky with food i like to think i'm open-minded but sometimes when i really believe in something it's hard to convince me otherwise even if you bring valid counterarguments ... yes . this just happened to me for a couple of days . couldn't concentrate on anything , whenever i would talk to somebody i couldn't focus . couldn't sleep one night at all i agree with the celebrating other's success and now i remember that's how i did it loong time ago . now i don't even get it anymore ... gealousy over things . but when it comes to relationships i'm ... i think meditation gets me in touch with my fi . it's always there but when i'm meditating i'm more aware of it , of the bodly sensation each feeling creates hard to devine normal . but when everybody around me tells me that i'm not normal ... i feel the same way you do . soo lucky to have found this place . i can't even imagine what it felt like going through that but i'm really glad you felt you could say it here . i have always been controlled by my unchained imagination . be it good thoughts or apocalyptic ones . i have been tortured by every thought even if there would be a very small chance of ever becoming ... i think it's quite the opposite . aquarius are most of the time with their heads in the clouds , idealists , honest , intuitive , excentric , unpredictable , humanitarians . in the arts and humanities , ... i'm an air sign ( aquarius ) and it fits extremely well with infp . i've never been one for astrology but i've been amazed by what i've read about aquarius since i discovered that i'm an infp when people all round my were breaking up all the time and quickly getting into another relationship i was always single . i wanted my relationship to be perfect , i was aware of all the things that ... whow , and i just remembered something else reading these posts . when i was a kid ( i think i was 6-7 years old or so ) i was sitting alone in the room and i started thinking about dying ... i say my ... it may be a cliche but i always wanted to fly or maybe breathe underwater i think i've read somewhere that fi and fe are atracted to eachother . if we were both fi we'd probably keep everything to ourselves and be very careful about opening up . with her ( esfj ) it's easy ... mom - esfj dad - infp sister - infp it isn't all that easy living with infps either . especially when it feels we're so different . i get along ok with my sister being an infp i can talk about ... god , grant me serenity to accept the things i cannot change , the courage to change the things i can and the wisdom to know the difference . that aside i seem to experience life like a pendulum ... '