' hey guys ( girls ) , i really appreciate the points , some of it were really helpful and what i needed to hear . i maybe sounded like i am under too much stress , but actually i don't want to add more ... hello , i wanted to see if i could get some tips or general information about how not to annoy an entj at work . i have started to work with an entj ( or for entj , not sure ) a few weeks ago , and ... had a dream last night that i was taking care of a small tiger , but had to hide it in house from a bunch of other people . it was not my house in a dream , but we were all living there , so it was ... haha , no , i don't think i or anyone can love someone just based on this kind of interaction . entj is the deepest thing i know about this person , so it must be just pure surface infj-entj ... tell us more . people who you can't figure out ? introverts ? sf ? just wanted to share with you that i have finally met my first entj and currently am in process of completely regaining back my faith in humans ( probably should have posted this in entj forum to make ... i always mistype enfp so i could never tell . a few estjs that i know tend to ' cut ' someone from their life once / if they make a serious mistake . so , my question is , how to make up for one's mistakes ( from your point of view ) ? lol :) that's perfect . i forgot to mention that i also work with him / and have rejected his love proposal a while ago , which also complicates things a bit . no , he is definitely a sensor , who ... i know , but this estj is very intuitive , he and riddle ( during his hogwarts years , not the movie voldemort ) are practically the same people . same father-mother issues , same lack of ability to fear ... i have an estj 8 arch enemy . for hp fans , he is very much like young tom marvolo riddle , i . e . very smart , educated and charming young man , but also very cruel , forceful and revengeful . anyway , i want ... what would you buy for charlie sheen from 2 and a half men ? the estp in question is a lot like this character so it would also be helpful :) i don't get 4 and 1 . i think he is a gut type , but i don't see why 9w8 instead of 8w9 . what's the main difference ? probably introverted sj , sp / sx . my guess is : 9w8 > 3w2 > 6w5 , isfj , sp > sx > so . 6w5 - 3w4 - 9w1 so / sp here is a picture based on your profile picture : 8w9 > 6w5 > 3w4 sx / sp , and also infj :) here is a picture : 86054 except for the 6wx , can't see any of it . why not 8 ? why 3w2 ? :) i also agree with the sensory part , but not sure if introverted or extroverted . xsfj maybe . my fe screams ' justice ' much more than ' peace ' , you can't have social harmony without action :) actually , i know much more t-doms ( especially ti ) who are conflict avoidant . how i see prototypical ... maybe it's the 368 talking , but i really hate the 9w1 infj stereotype . i don't know any infjs irl , but i know two intjs , and they are both 9w1 , so maybe we should switch :) like the title says , what is his enneagram type / tritype ? yes , this person is definitely 8w9 , but i was having problems with their tritype , especially head-type , since it's very repressed . i believe now that they are some kind of 826 , i . e . 82 > > 6 , if that ... tritype 368 1 . joan of arc 2 . lord of the rings 3 . 300 i see . so , how to connect someone with their head ? :) what if that person believes that ' all fears are imagination and choice ' ? if you saw that movie with will smith , after earth : tongue : what is his enneagram ? cp 6w5 ( sp ) ? ... what do you think is the most likely head type for someone who claims that they don't have any fears ? how to head-type someone who doesn't think much / at all ? i've met a person who relies ... what about an expensive bottle of whiskey ? he likes to party and likes to drink alcohol . or it should be something more personal ? i need a perfect gift for a social estp , enneagram 7 . any advice would be appreciated :) 5w4 , sx > so > sp type 2 , sx > so . isn't sp > sx > so the most logical and natural instinctual variant ? you would first want to survive , find food and shelter ( build a house / find an apartment , earn money etc . ) , i . e . feel comfortable and ... 8w9 or 8w7 . i love eights , even unhealthy ones . level 6 ( or higher ) sounds perfect :) how do you feel about infj / esxj relationships ? would you prefer esfj or estj ? it turns out i'm not an sx dom . i'm sp / sx , decadent or binger . so 8w9 > 7w6 would be more prone to manipulativeness than the 8w9 > 6w7 ? how to tell the difference between the two ? i assume that 8w9 > 7w6 is more detached and free spirited than 8w9 > 6w7 , and ... it fits much more into 8w9 description than 8w7 . the style of control is interpersonal and gentle , it's not openly agressive at all . it reminds me of a passive-aggressive behaviour actually . you ... no , it's nothing overly serious , just some tips and tricks on when to send a message to woman , how to make sure the message is not too long ... it's funny actually :) ( from an infj point of view ) and ... would 8w9 try to control people ? by control i mean refined ways of manipulation , active and strategic , even following some set of rules from a book * ? i think that this person is 8w9 - 6w7 - 2w3 , or 682 , ... i use that as a trick when i want someone else to trust me :) out of the blue , i say something private / personal which actually isn't a big deal to me . analyzer , open-minded , nature lover , reserved , stubborn , idealist , critic , homo universalis , phd student , flute player , guardian , adventurous 6s ' ll be loyal to friends , family , dark lords ... depending on what they are missing ( loyal sluts ) , but i think that gryffindor-slytherin would be the most common . probably something like this : 65843 i've come to conclusion that our istp / infj differences aren't the problem at all , and that his istp-ness is actually what i trully love about him . i know , my fi is terrible :) better late than ... no . i think he is constantly under the pressure to change something about our relationship , but he doesn't know how or why . we don't discuss it much actually , i don't consider it to be our top ... i am not sure what you mean - - what about me what ? what do i think about myself or what the istp thinks about me ? he never complains - not even once . not even when i ask him if everything is okay , ... for the longest time it was impossible for us to talk openly . he was avoiding problems in general and every little talk seemed as a huge conflict to him . it was very frustrating time for me . it took ... i believe he is a 9w1 , level 5 . he was a level 7 when we met due to some family issues but now he doesn't seem nearly as unhealthy as before ( although the family problems still persists ) . i am a 6w7 ... when does an infj trust other person ? is it connected with understanding someone ? i get the impression that i only trust others if i can read their intentions clearly , and see for myself that they ... things that i consider ' cons ' in our relationship could be just our istp / infj quirks , but could they actually be a bad relationship issues ? i am really not sure anymore , so please let me know what ... update out future plans - don't seem to be an issue anymore ; he talks openly about us moving in together . showing feelings - when i talk about my doubts in our relationship he seems really hurt , ... your top three mb personality types and why ? '