' way to go , moniej ! ! ! left brain - 45 % right brain - 55 % your left brain percentages 42 % symbolic ( your most dominant characteristic ) 37 % linear 27 % sequential 20 % reality-based i cannot speak for the poster , but i could try taking a shot at it . perhaps that individual jokingly had took the porn part and decided that an eggs and sperm scene would be funny to post . most of ... i don't think so . i'm an infp and i'm an absolutely awful cook . i can bake , but baking is just following a recipe exactly . i scored a point higher on hufflepuff than i did on ravenclaw , but i have a feeling that the way i get during the school process would get me put into ravenclaw . i'm an infp . that's really cool ! i love the way they took junk and were able to make awesome images out of it . i know this is more of a technical thing because i'm pretty sure the meaning of your question came through ... but our type will be doing differently depending on the individual . we are a bunch of ... http://i.imgur.com/XBd1E.png thank you ... i knew how it was supposed to work . i just couldn't get it to actually do it ... welcome to personality cafe ! it's a pleasure to meet you and i hope you'll enjoy your stay here . xd http://imgs.xkcd.com/comics/dreams.png i put that in the img brackets ... and finally gave up because it was frustrating me . xd xkcd : dreams http://imgs.xkcd.com/comics/dreams.png it really depends on the activity . if i'm writing for a school assignment , i'm right-handed . if i'm writing for myself and don't mind it being backwards , i'm left-handed . if i'm using sign language , ... have you tried logging onto a throw-away messenger and giving them the sms number ? google is making a serious attempt to rule our lives . let us into your address book , don't worry , we're nice people and put all of your sensitive documents and mail conversations through us and ... our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate . our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure . it is our light , not our darkness that most frightens us . ' we ask ourselves , who am i to be ... i find that i always enjoy learning about other cultures . this has resulted in an interest in cultural anthropology , but i think i'd like to actually experience a culture more than just read about it . it's does happen , which is why people have to be careful about what they take . for some people , the medication pulls them out of depression just enough that they finally have the energy to act on ... first of all , i would never want to give birth . i have very strong feelings about not having the freaky-alien-thing inside me . ( i know that fetuses are not literally aliens , but that's what i always ... i'm actually working on that . i think it will be slow progress because i am following a fairly traditional path , but i'm moving 2,000 miles away from my family next fall so that i have space to ... i'm ... a bit strange about this . i don't normally seem to be someone who likes dark things . but i found the book wuthering heights to be fascinating and have a fondness for other books that seem to ... i'd prefer to live alone . i'm pretty territorial and possessive , so sharing a house with other people is a stress factor to me . plus , i have this habit of really enjoying bright colors that burn the ... i do this with certain people , and then have to re-explain the situation all over again .. usually it's not worth the effort . i would be a vegetarian , but i currently live with my mother and she buys the food . once i am supporting myself , i plan to become a vegetarian . this happens to me a lot , especially when i don't have obligations like school to worry about ... honestly , it was horrible during middle school . i got 4 hours a sleep a night because any more kept me ... pohcahontas . that song colors of the wind is a big thing to me , especially this stanza you think the only people who are people are the people who look and think like you but if you walk ... i think ... i'd like to edit mine so that i could live on an airship ... preferably with a crew of introverted people where we all had our own cabins and could talk about deep , important things ... reading , self-discovering , and learning about things i'm interested in . maybe hike and bike and such ... i'd spend a lot of time thinking with a notebook or laptop on hand so i could record important ... sometimes it's books ... i pretty much raised myself on books and it's how i'm building my value system , i think ... but mostly it's my best friend ... i know it's wrong to rely on him so much , but when ... i've heard that looking at screens before you try to sleep is counter-productive ... something about the way screens light up on computers , tvs , and cell phones is suppose to make it harder to sleep . read , use the internet , think about things , work on mini-projects ... basically , night is really the only time where everything around me is settled enough for me to focus . and there are less people ... this happens to me a lot ... it makes it hard to be around people sometimes ... if i ever decide to procreate , it would have to be the child ... i've spent my whole life knowing that i didn't want children because i've raised so many of them ... but if i ever did have one , it ... honestly , i've wanted to be for over a year now , but i'm a minor and not supporting myself right now . my mother says i can't be a vegetarian until i'm buying my own food , so i'm researching right now ... welcome to the forum ! it sounds like you have some interesting hobbies . ^ _ ^ welcome to the forum . ^ _ ^ i don't particularly care for sleep , but occassionally i do nap just so i don't have to deal with the real world . i do it most often when i'm depressed or upset . you there might put someone in mind of shrek and leave them expecting you to think-of / call them an ogre . there are huge lists somewhere of where to find infps , but i think the best thing you can ... they're attached to my head , but not attached the way you mean ... i'm the same way ... i drop things , trip on things , bump into things ... basically , if it's there i'll end up damaged by it or damaging it . life is cruel sometimes . : crazy : i guess if it came on really strongly it could be deja vu ... mostly i associate that term with things happening in real life that i had dreamed about in the past , but this might count ... that's really a way i hadn't thought about it before ... i guess if we're constantly reliving the moment and the emotions , we have time to think about it and what happened as our view of the world ... i deal with this problem too ... i feel way too strongly about everything , except for when i start shutting things down . of course , when i boot them back up , i feel twice as strongly ... i don't want ... honestly , i read a good book , listen to music that makes me happy , and then talk about it with one of my closest friends .. combined right , i'm sure to at least get to the grit teeth and try again ... i'm the same ways sometimes . the other day , i started crying before i remembered that i was just imagining it . sometimes it takes a while for me to remember that it isn't actually happening .   ... i was wondering if other infps experienced emotions from a long time ago just as strongly as they did then . pain and betrayal are the ones that are most likely to feel the strongest after years , but ... i'm not sure if i go for soulmates , but i do believe in lifemates ... i know that sounds weird , but i keep thinking about how soulmate and reincarnation would mean that unless you found the same ... honestly , the harder i'm looking for something , the less likely i am to see it , especially if it's in a cluttered area . if an area is cluttered , i can't see any individual object , which makes looking ... i love cats ... honestly , it's kind of the reason i want to become independent so bad . i want to have a cat or two ... they make everything better , in my eyes . ^ _ ^ do introverts stay in their rooms most of the time at home ? usually . it's suppose to be my stronghold , so gives me some sense of security . i'm more likely to come out if my family isn't home because ... '