' i'm not bipolar , but i have lots of bouts of depression and periods of sadness . so i'll tell you about my experience with depression . i don't know if your friend's experience of depression is similar ... perhaps she has a disorder ? it sounds somewhat like my case when i was growing up . i had crazy mood swings , due to pmdd . i'm just guessing your sister's case . welcome back ! ! i was kind of missing the perc forums , and was kind of curious of about the istp type with the christian god's design . i am christian . nothing more , nothing less than christian ... i was just interested in how you would manipulate other istps :( how would you all manipulate me ? :D and op is hilarious ! ! ! then the rest if the thread got stale ... but i did learn a few things . like the subtlety of the entp sucking up to someone , and manipulating ... the actors make a mess while acting like animals , and that's pretty much it . and they do a decent job acting like the actual animals , by trying to appear stupid . basically the pointlessness and the ... interesting that you all don't find it funny . i find it hilarious the actors go through all the trouble to make a mess while busting out some stupid moves ... i know an entp when i see one teach college physics , and goes off on a tangent for the most random things ever . and when the professor is really cheery to help students with physics . i like my ... when i was a kid ... well , i'm still a kid at heart , but technically and legally i'm an adult , but i still want to consider my time at college as times when i was still a kid , so ... when i was a kid ... college is sooo much fun ! ! but i'm an engineering major . math sucks :P i do not understand calculus at all . not at all . and math is tedious . but algebra and geometry aren't so bad . i'm thinking of ... since entering college , whooo ~ ! i am super emotional and super social with my peers . around all my feeler friends , i cry the most often , and i'm not ashamed of it . a friend asked if i had adhd or ... hi everybody ! it's been about 4 months since i last posted on perc , because i've been so busy with school and getting along with life . i just want to share my findings at school . it's interesting ! ... i agree with mika.turm . avoid traci . she told you to not call her at all . if she were understanding that you may actually be sick , she wouldn't have assumed you wanted to get away from her for the ... wtf # 2 - he knows you're not kidding . i'm sure he's serious about the plan as you are . but when he means to slow down , it really means to slow down . he's not in a hurry to move yet . but the plan ... it's okay . if you've watched gundam 00 , it's pretty much the same . drama and exaggeration and all . when i first watched it , i thought it was pretty cool . now i think it's okay , after watching so many ... have any of you watched black lagoon ? i find it hilarious and interesting . also , i think the kidnapped character is an intj . someone confirm it for me please . and yes , a kidnapping occurs in the ... i have 8 roommates . actually , 3 , plus 4 more guys and 1 more girl . here's the list of their types . it's interesting how we all enjoy watching vampire diaries together . girls : isfj , enfj , isfp * , ... i'm glad you made an awesome friend ! ! i met an istp . he did the dishes for someone else's house . that's how i knew . heheh . and i confirmed two other istps that stay over at my place a lot . one has mild add , the other is really shy and ... i got problems that don't need fixing . i'm just sharing . just yesterday , i watched fight club the movie and thought it was crazy . not too long before fight club , i watched chronicle and that movie ... oooh ! ! ! do you mean milky ways ? milky ways are my favorite candy bars . chocolaty , carmely , and chocolate fluffy inside . yum ! ! ! then there's the kit kat , which reminds me of their old commercial from back in ... yes ! i've just discovered milka and kinder in recent weeks . i've always been a dark-chocolate girl , but this combination of milk and white is kind of awesome . next time i'll try the ones with cookies ... ohtochooseaname thank you so much for the advice . you're super nice . i'll try to get internships and try the work out . everything comes down to try it and like it ? so i must not complain . must find ... interesting . well , i don't have to actually change majors . i'll just study texts ( general term that umbrellas literature and other works ) on my own time . i want to study religious texts as well , ... yeah , i do , too . i didn't so much when i was younger : i was largely oblivious to the human world . but since my ni and fe have kicked in in adulthood , i'm nearly obsessed with understanding people and ... after a bit of college experience , i realized i'm not very laid back , or chill . my roommates are terrible at doing dishes , and they can't cook . so i'm the one doing lots of cleaning . and i make all ... do what the title says . and please share what brand and flavor of chocolate you had , or the recipe used to make the chocolate . :p roud : best chocolate i had was a particular batch of school-made ... thanks everyone . after thinking about it again , she seems more like an istj . when we converse with each other , it's usually about school and weekend plans . and we usually nod and agree with each ... my roommate is a princess . and she sleeps at 10pm , says she just memorizes what her chemistry textbook says in order to learn in class ( we have chem together ) , and she always wants to hang out with ... i like all the poets you all listed . and one i like , which none of you mentioned is langston hughes . the poem about a raisin that runs and sticks , and the poem about mother and a tough staircase ... also , where is this debate ? i'm interested ! but omg . my wednesdays and thursdays are busy . :( i might quit in the middle of a debate if i don't enjoy it . does this debate have any need for structure , like a tux and tie , and ... ohtochooseaname my plan backfired . i can't interview someone from tesla . it's almost impossible for me to contact someone . so ... can i use you as a backup ? and interview you , if you have time that ... i'm sorry . now that i think about it , what i wrote is actually offensive . interviewing an engineer from tesla motors . :D okay . professor says if i want to get a higher position job , i should interview someone at a company with a relatively high position . so that means i don't need your service anymore . but thank you ... because i'm a mechanical engineer major :P it says i have to interview someone who has a profession i want for myself ... uh ... i don't know what i want to do . but you will do just fine ! :) thanks ... is no one willing to help me ? ! ! :( as the title says , i need to interview a mechanical engineer for my college communications class . i will need your business card ( don't worry , i won't stalk you , cause i don't have time for that ) , ... my mom's an estj and dad's an istp . let's file a complaint . i want to be able to stalk people . that is how i use fe . with ti , i judge people for what i like and don't like about what they think about . like this one guy i know who usually wants to have a conversation with me . i tell him to ... what if an intj and an isfp had a conversation with each other ? would the intj be less frustrated , and more understood ? so true . i never knew there was drama until after graduating . haha . i'm glad for being the type that's usually under a rock . is the woman behind you crying ? [ / quote ] ahaha ... no . she is not crying i can't really say what my classmates thought of me . i remember being the super happy , extroverted , crazy , nice , kiddish girl in 9th grade . played tennis , and pole vaulted . did pretty well in both ... i went to the beach ! 46171 ohyeah ! ! ! sleep like the dead , as in you can't be woken up if someone tried to wake you . when i sleep , i don't budge an inch . and i don't react to alarms or talking , or snores . when i went camping , apparently , ... what about you , entp ? '