' something that always gets me about infps is how they always claim how the world is so insensitive to their feelings , but never seem to realize that they themes.eves can be quite insensitive at ... hey so this is an obsceure question , but i'm considering writing a novel someday in a futuristic setting with the main character somewhat based on an entp personality . how do you think entps would ... do any of you get that awful feeling when you've reached a dead end in your state of mind . like nothing pleases or excites you anymore ? like you start to wander if there is a point to life anymore ? when it sincerely annoys you when people who think they understand people and are good at counseling try to interfere but really dont understand even half of the situation when you desperately want to date someone , but get let down when no one tries to see past your quiet exterior , and then you convince yourself that dating would take up too much of your alone time ... an entp i know , once said he was afraid of developing relationships with people who would tell him who he was ? care to elaborate on that ? and if the relationship turns out to be a failure ? do entps ever just go straight into a relationship head on based off of a random feeling they get ? so are you wearing a mask most of the time when you talk to people then , or do you geniunelly connect with them ? you guys sometimes give me the impression that you can talk and get along with just about anyone . is this true ? i feel like i am nit picking here , but sometimes i get really annoyed when an infp will deage themselves and mimick the behaviors of a little kid . sorry if i'm generalizing too much here , but it ... wow , so you dated someone of the same personality type ? i've never seen that happen before . you know what ? i give up . i could argue with you , but seeing as you'll tell me how wrong and insulting i am to my intj friend without actually being present in the situation , its pointless . thanks ... thank you for your advice , and help at understanding my intj friend . my one argument is that it seems like everyone is expected to respect the intj's value system yet never the other way around . in ... yes . infj's do love you guys . probably more than you could even know . [ / quote ] yes i can vouch for this . as much as my intj can irritate me with her frame of thinking , i will always love her and ... lilysocks yes i was asked to step in . not by my intj friend , but my infp . now , mind you maybe it's not an intj quality to get into others problems to try to fix them but as an infj , we feel the ... so i have two good friends , one is an infp and the other is an intj , and there are having a bit of a dilemma . i don't know if its a typical door-slamming situation , but its getting close to it . so ... ephemerald i could argue that everyone does deserve love and remorse and forgiveness , but i won't dispatch that argument . i think that is a good point . it's silly to waste your life trying to keep ... what if they didn't deserve it though ? what if you felt they just started to form different opinions than you or you didn't find them as interesting as they used to be ? then would you door-slam ... i have a question for all the intjs out there . do you feel any regret at all after you doorslam someone ? i think the issue here is that intjs are interesting in new concepts , ideas , and experiences as their heavy thinking side is hungry for new thoughts and puzzles to figure out . they find these in the ... it maybe in the intj's normal mental physique to shut people out when they feel like they have nothing to gain , but that doesn't mean it's okay to do this . the way i see it , this is damaging for both ... when your english teacher asks you to describe the meaning or feeling of a poem , and while you can capture the feelings of the poem in your head , you just can't put it into words . ignore this , i posted on the wrong thread i think one of the problems is that intjs struggle to always make themselves perfect . in everything . except in realtionships . and when someone tells them that they aren't perfect in the way they act ... i often imagined what it would be like if someone stepped inside my head for a day . would they be surprised , shocked , weirded out ? does anyone ever feel like everyone gets annoyed at you for being the diplomat ? i feel that i am pretty good at being the middleman and bringing both sides of an argument together to form a ... when you feel like there are no careers that fit you i constantly worry about this . i tend to care about people too much and unintentionally get involved in their lives in order to help them . some people like that about me , some people find it ... when you hate and love the world at the same time . you wake up one morning , hating how the whole lot of humanity functions . how everything is a endless routine . how people are only after their own ... so here's my dilemma . my infp friend and i have been having some rough spots with our intj friend lately . i'm talking more on my infp's behalf because she is the one getting more hurt but i share ... its really a terrible feeling . it's like you can imagine a whole world for yourself or at least picture in your mind how your life is and the one day cold hard reality hits you and you can't get away ... when you are a sponge that soaks up all the emotion in the world and it swirls around in your head and you can't make sense of it . but then ever so often you have those moments where you just break ... when you have to rely on the internet to connect with people like this because in the real world it doesn't happen i think its important to remember the diffence between psychiatry and psychology . psychiatrists are actual doctors , psychologists are not . i'm thinking about careers myself , and for the longest ... what i meant was that people seem to never just understand us . we can explain ourselves a thousand times and they still give us looks like what ? . we r mysteries to a lot of people because they ... dors anyone else find infps to be clingy ? yeah i've been friends with my one infp friend for about three years , and am still struggling on finding a way to talk to her about her sensitive issues . sometimes i feel like i have to step on ... definitely . we might be having a deep conversation one day and then my infp friend will try to throw something that she thinks is funny to the conversation which just throws the tone of the ... find a detailed description and see if it matches you or take a cognative functions test i love my infp friend , but it can annoy me how sensitive she can be . not that i don't like sensitive people , but i feel like she constantly misinterprets people's comments . she can get offended so ... when people are not mysteries to you , yet you are a mystery to the whole world . its actually pretty fascinating to me too . like me she is very unique , and at times i feel like our minds are in sync . like we don't even have to talk , we just know what's on each others mind ... or ... that might have something to do with it . i actually think there are a lot of reasons why people mistype . my friend who is an intj got infj back as her results , but she didn't feel it was 100 % ... ive heard its as high as 3 % for infj but then again i've also heard that many people mistype themselves as infjs . so who knows ? what's it like ? 85 % of the time it sucks . u feel like the world wasn't cut out for u and u r constantly reminded how different and wrong u are . half the time people mistake u for something else ... i completely agree . all my life i felt like there was something seriously wrong with me . i was so different from others that i thought that i had some kind of mental disorder . mbti has changed that i don't have much to add but all this comparing made me think of a quote i remember from house md house ( to wilson ): and you're the nice guy ? wilson ： at least i try house : well as long as ... i know . i hate how kind people can be run over in an instant . people don't care whether you are a nice caring person , they just care if you can get somewhere in life . even if that means knocking over ... honestly , it irritates me whenever faith in god is chalked down to a set of rigerous of rules and beliefs '