' alright guys i think it's enough , we've let these children run amuck on the globe for too long , let's just show them our shadows already , and take over the world . : tongue : haha , forgive me . needless to say , i'm not implying you don't accumulate stress in some form of intellectual pursuit , you may very well be . i'm not so sure i'm more egotistical than you as of now , ... i'll spare your typocentricism and say you probably think more than an intp , because extroverts do think faster than introverts . now before you defend yourself from the accusation of vanity , by ... when i'm done making my star , i get this sappy feeling :) woops i'm really submissive and don't care about anything , but when someone logically tries to imply i have a lower level of intelligence , i go blind in rage and actually get subjective and irrational . sigh ~ rue the days when you're questioned about your sociopathological disorder's legitimacy in a weird way , seclusion inspires me . this is something i wrote , tell me if it inspires you as well . i donx 92t live in the present , and itx 92s kind of been killing me , it took till now , before i ... read my signature . i'm intp because my other functions follow the criteria ; i just have an overdeveloped ni , and was diagnosed with schizoid way before i learned about cognitive functions and mbti . the only thing that helped me was bupropion , the world i had lived in for so long had been completely redefined , i've read it can actually specifically help schizoid , been on it for 2 months , and my ... i don't understand , what made you draw that conclusion , doesn't any of the evidence portray a pattern that clearly opposes your claim , or is it your way of patronizing someone ? if it is , i ask why ... i don't think a type was specified , the thread is about the ti-ni loop , just looking to give insight . what facts are you talking about ? 1 . conscious even when talking to family and close friends , making me very considerate . 2 . nervous while i think of their feelings and thoughts every second . 3 . my personality is mechanical , the ... i don't want to be offended anymore ... i don't have any at the moment . i always wondered what the deal was with different dmt types ; i'll probably get mhrb , if that's a type ? i was tested , low dopeamine levels makes you prone to irritability . i was irritated by people and their conclusions . it was a summary hence ( tl ;d r ) too long didn't read i'm not , but let's ... my dopamine levels are dangerously low to have any sort of narcissism or pleasure thereof . reverse psychology , number one tool of elites . i would never put filler lines in my music ... i fit into most profiles of intp , and i thought people would be interested in a song i sang , maybe it can have some more insight into what an intp thinks about . this is rap mind you : wink : ... i have been going to the clinic regularly for almost a year and it worked a bit , but then it got even worse . it isn't some random drug , actually we produce this stuff in our pineal gland , we ... everyone in this thread i apologize , i shouldn't have acted the way i did , i needed to defend myself after so many negative comments against me , or at-least they seemed like it , i'm a very depressed ... idk bro , leave me alone i give up . lol , i find it really funny , people in this thread talk about what the definition of genius is , then they tell me my iq doesn't even matter . if my iq doesn't matter , then why can't i be a genius ? re-read what i said at an objective stance . yes i view myself as dirt , i never claimed to be not human , i was including me ... and the over-compensation ? read through all my other comments on other ... thanks for not making me feel like some cocky ignorant fool , who seems like he's irrational and emotional from the way he writes . in reality i'm trying to stick to the topic and just go unnoticed ... abstract thinking comes from introverted intuition . my cognitive functions are as follows ti - ni - te - ne . insulting my intelligence , you should know better than that , to insult an intp's intelligence , wtf . do you have any idea how chaotic the mind of an intp is , most of us have to suffer through not ... one thing i realize being a genius , there is no point of proving it to anyone . anyone in this world can call themselves a genius , and they don't need the social approval to continue calling ... it depends on whether it's worth it or not . you don't know what i am , who i am , what i think , and what i see , i am not going to argue whether i am a genius or not . it's completely ignorant on your behalf , you do not even understand the amount ... why do you say ? it depends on what you call genius , it's not the iq that makes me , i stated this before . i'm having trouble finding out how you didn't understand that , sorry for my incompetence . i came to a conclusion ; your post is more subjective . i'll get straight to the point . i have an iq of 134 ( legitimately tested ) , and that isn't even my strength ; it's abstract thought , and understanding concepts without forming any words to . i'll be ... is there a way to get myself dumber , without killing my quality of life ? it'll be like half-suicide , so i can have a more balanced life . xd that wasn't my goal at all , i'm just trying really hard to be disproved , somebody show me the light with no conformity i . e . religion ! a world only with intps ... discuss . i as well believe i'm really unstable , but what can one be when faced with so much , everything has been getting absorbed at a very fast rate , maybe that is my reason for being depressed . i cannot ... how will age cure it ? experience ? wisdom ? won't you be so kind to share it ? i never said i was confused . nothing is true ... reality , imagination , nothingness and abstractness are just few of the infinite possibilities , distinguished by narrowing our perception with the aid of language . a human is ... 19 , may i nonchalantly ask why ? i don't know how you define intelligence kind sir , though i gladly take the compliment , intelligence was once a great thing to me , now i realize anything anyone has will have pride in it , it seems ... lol this was oddly refreshing , especially the last two lines . thank you hommie g . i do not see why my ship mates matter , just because we are in the same boat , doesn't mean we feel the same way , they are unaware of us sinking , and it sucks that i know . - self pity . i'm not ... made me exercise my mind , and that is my greatest stress reliever . ^ _ ^ forgive me , i shouldn't have gone and something i wasn't sure about . i'm not one to make excuses , but that night i was ... i agree with what you've said ; thank you . i'll try to come up with a reply in the evening , as i haven't slept tonight , and the time is 7:15 am . haha us intps ... cognitive functions : introverted thinking ( ti ) | | 12.22 introverted intuition ( ni ) | 11.8 extroverted thinking ( te ) | 7.47 ... rofl , makes sense . ooo ooo i dont understand this question but im guessing it's hold it or halt i thought about how people attach emotion to an object and when you learn that objects lexis , you will feel a connection for every word ; how you read this sentence , you're putting meaning into every ... '