woah ... i was gone for a day and look at what you guys did ! so many things to answer piled up and i'm not in for spamming the topic with my answers , so , here i will give all of you a whole answer . :D ... glad i'm humouring you : smile : woah o . o you have no idea what you sparked on my devil side , i'm so going to torture them , they won't be able to get away , i love teasing people : highly_amused :: devilish :: devilish : going away for ... you know you are an enfp when you have just tooo many tabs open at once . ( yes both in mind and the internet ) and don't check all of them , not even orderly , keep your computer open for days just to ... awww ! your small talk make me go calmer with a soft smile , thank you so much ! that's what i hope for and think it will be like , thank you , really , all of you guys are so nice , trying to help me , ... having the same interests always draws people together , you are right . : encouragement : if we have any similiar points , then the rest will probably will come , at least to a point , i guess . thank ... oh my god , i did it , didn't i ? : laughing : i seriously have been fangirling the whole time but i guess i am getting used to the feeling :p roud : being an enfp brings it to me naturally , ı can't fake it , and am not good at faking things too , sadly ( never had a chance in plays ... can't believe that girl got to be the princess ! ) if the ... things all you guys say are mostly so me that i wonder why i didn't find one yet ... because that is nearly always me ... now i'm not good at number 3 but people always mistaken me for flirting ... maaann ... you guys are comlicated . but i am up for the challenge . 1 - i'm not that good at joking , people run away when i make puns , but i keep on doing ... 2 - what else could i talk about ? i'm ... lizards ? ! nuuu , i hate lizards o . o i might try thevolunteering thing , i already do , if i catch them , but they are nowhere ! ? yeah , experienced it first hand with the infj i met here , he ... reads me ... worry not , even the thought is appreciated and look at what you did ! writing such a long answer , thank you ! ! i'm used to doing the first move , i don't even notice that i am doing the first move , ... thank you so much for the advice , but i am yet to find an infj in real life , although i now do know one online . my curiosity is satisfied for now :D thank you so much ! this should be easy , then . you definitely talk more with him ! we aren't ' life of party ' we just , like being around people . parties in fact , bore me a lot . talking to a few people , being in crowded places , just not being alone by ourselves is what we seek for . well , this is hard . i don't tend to show intellegence specifically unless i'm brought to an argument or i'm asked for my idea on a topic . aah thank youu ! ! i feel flattered ! believe me when i say , i do that , involuntarily but it happens , got in trouble many times because of it , too ... and you do deserve it ! ! why wouldn't you ? true , that and how you guys aren't weirded out by us . your acceptance means a lot ah , so cute ! congratulations , i think ( a little bit late but ... ) aww , that's actually cute :p roud : ... k then . lol , just kidding . if you are living in my dormitory , wouldn't work :P aah , i had loved you guys even before i met one of you . kinda , just can't get used to living in another room , that makes me feel like i'm in a capsule . thanks for the new info ! i should create more topics here . woah ! some awesome advice is that ! this should be easy , i always look at peoples ' eyes . eyes are the gateway to ones soul . thanks ! ah , glad to hear that ! i escaped from the guilty feeling . head heard of that but didn't see many people like this . i can't sleep no matter what , so it doesn't matter much :D i probably won't ... uuh ... is that ... by ay chance ... me ? sorry ... but isn't it much more fun anyways ? ? pfft , you telling me ? i have a class in 4 hours yet , here i am , doing what i had dreamt of ( yes , i've been ... just barge in we love new people ! no need to look at the titles , they don't consist of that topic much anyways :D keeping an enfp intrigued is easy as long as you let your mind wander and challenge them . come up with new ideas ( like penguins :p enguin :) ( or simply tell just what goes through your mind , that's ... nuh-uh ! be yourself , remember ;) get ready for the hugs then ! i would attack anyone dressed in penguin costumes with hugs ! or i am bad at getting them ( most of the time ) oh , sorry ... i forgot we were on the infj page ... but ... 5 mins ! ? ! you need a reaaally big chocolate . and maybe cartoons or some documentary ( penguins and space are the best ) ? well ... maybe they are just shy ? people are more comfortable on the internet ... nah , i'm as still as a statue when i have a chocolate , so try at those times :D aahhah what did the finns do to you ? : laughing : ahahaha , nope , sorry . i'm in turkey , but we use the same time-thingy , i suppose :D thank you ! potatoes are awesome , so are unicorns ... but unitato is much more awesome ! ! ! : glee : ah , don't worry , it happens . talking to so much people about this topic at 4 in the morning was a bad idea from the beginning anyways :D you are right , my impatience about the things i want and my emotionalness are my weaknesses . the thing is , i have this big , hungry curiosity for mbtis . i have most of them around me , i discover ... well , infj are said to be the ones that complete enfps like puzzle pieces . i actually want to test it out and just fall in love even when i read their features . and as i said before , i'm not ... man , i'm pumped now ! what to do with all those energy in the middle of the night ? be ... silent ... i'm only silent when i'm listening . the problem is i have nearly all the types around me ( and i smother them with questions ) but infj , and i crave for one . * sigh * i think all i can ... but waiting is so ... long . i just don't want to accept the truth ... well , that's good . because i can't e like anything else . people told me to change a lot in the past - they still do . but i can't even bear the thought of trying it . ah , then that is why i don't understand . so am i , but it is good to be like that for me . thanks for the help and the explanation ! spark ? from what ? never understood xsxx ... i feel strange with them . and can't really figure out what makes them s , which is kinda annoying , to be honest . that's what we are , right ? inspirers . ;) adventures are always welcome because having the attention span of a cat is really bad . we get bored so easily . helping others with emotions , listening to ... but seriously , being unusual is something to value . you are unique , precious . and unusual people have unusual ideas , which are really fun both to act and ponder upon . well , infjs are said to be our soulmates so i wonder how it would be ... yep , enfp here . i think we have this effect on introverts , most of my best friend are i , you guys are fun to be with , so ... i'm looking for a male actually . why so rare ... : sad : i didn't find one yet so i'm not trying to get the attention of someone in specific . but what can i do to pull them at myself like a magnet ? ah definitely ! and as we enfp can get rather ... creative and weird , infjs accept us , join us , and understand that we aren't just dumb , but have a unique mind . i'm trying to deduce from my best friend , so : * animals don't expect you guys to be with them all the time , so you don't lose energy while also not being alone . * you infps are mostly calm and have a ... enfp one is not that true for me either . as much as i love crowded places and movement , when i'm to be on a date , i want to be alone with that person , get to know him better , probably end up in a ... i have never met an infj but just by reading their posts and their features . you guys fascinate me , all the way . sadly , i am yet to meet one ... : unsure :