' isfp here , looking for advice from estjs . my estj friend and i are in a performance group together and collaborate a lot . unfortunately , the same dynamic keeps playing out and it's driving me ... i am 31 now , with a grizzled , cynical shell to replace my youthful optimism . i live in a very expensive city that i don't love and can't afford , mostly because i can't figure out what i'd rather do ... i was in a fi-ni loop last summer and have been just kind of coasting since then . but i recently started doing a lot of te things that i have previously been completely disinterested in or thought ... it takes work , but it is possible ! thanks so much , everyone . this has been supremely helpful . danger : isfp ranting ... things that are upsetting to me about the enfjs in my life : - they seem to enjoy crossing other people's boundaries and making them uncomfortable - you can see it clear ... hi entjs , as an isfp whose functions are the same as yours but in reverse , i believe i could learn a lot from you . my question is this : what do you do when you meet someone who you know you're ... i definitely crave recognition for my creations . i want people to get me . and i'm very sensitive to criticism , but i'm trying to become less attached and not let criticism stop me from doing my ... isfjs are so thoughtful and really tuned into creating equality and opportunities for everyone to thrive . they need time and space to think through their response . they don't want to have to fight to ... istps , if a family member calls you and you answer but don't have time to talk ... will you call them back later ? wait for them to call again ? or forget all about it ? bonus question , if someone ... i hear you . i'm not super interested in the functions . maybe it's my fi here , but i am most interested in the vibe of each type and the similar threads that diverse members of the same type share ... here are some differences i have observed between myself and my isfj partner . i am very attuned to our home , making things flow , putting objects in their perfect place , promoting beauty and ... i'm quite perceptive , and when something isn't right in the relationship , i feel very uncomfortable and need to talk about it . otherwise , if things are going well , i don't need affirmation . and i ... explain , please ? other types have this thread , so i thought we should have one , too ! what are some examples of things that make you laugh , isfps ? 355401 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M0DLmiyHyWQ ongoing interests : beauty in all forms , flowers , interior design , food , travel , improving the world , self-improvement , colors , vintage fashion , spirituality , healing and bodywork , swimming in creeks ... it's just an option . do what works for you . ok . so when you're ready , in a safe and familiar space , look into those feelings . is feeling lost and attacked a pattern in your life ? explore that , write about that , talk about that , dance about ... oops , double post extroverts who interrupt , take up class time , dominate the conversation with long / irrelevant anecdotes that only matter to them , and ask stupid questions because they weren't listening . and the whole ... i didn't know how to tell him that i'm in a relationship make sure you find a way to tell your future new friends much sooner next time . there are plenty of ways to bring it up casually . i know ... find a way to honor your fear . sometimes fears that seem irrational or pathetic are coming from our inner child . they don't really go away until our inner child knows we are going to protect them ... this makes me so very happy . 351730 ah ... infps . i thought i was one of you for ten years . i love you , infp . we are similar but you have some connection to the underworld that intrigues and touches me . i'm grateful that you're so ... i am very drawn to performing on stage and have been doing it since i was a kid . however , it's not easy for me . i always get nervous and i am anxious about how the audience perceives me . but it ... hi all . you know how in a group setting there's always a few people that inspire admiration and affection ? everything they do seems effortlessly loveable ? people just want to be near them ... i ... infp for 10 years . it made sense because we have a lot in common . but once i read isfp it totally clicked . i'm so excited ! i finally met another isfp ( i think she is one ; pretty sure ) ! ! ! wow ... she is amazing ... so wise and kind . strong and unique style , too . i felt a little intimidated by her as she ... when i or my partner are in a funk , we shake . that's when we put on a super energetic song ( often an angry song ) and then jump around and thrash about together . i can go from catatonic to laughing ... most of my friends are enfp . what i like about them is their great ideas , relaxed attitude , sense of fun , and shared interests . what's annoying about them sometimes is how impractical and head in the ... hello and welcome ! :) i , too , mistyped as infp for about 10 years . it's easy to do . i feel very intuitive so i always answered a strong yes on those questions on the test . thing is , i'm intuitive ... yep , experiencing something in a group tour makes me feel like i'm having a plebeian and watered-down experience . i will absolutely wander off so i can have my own private moment looking at the art , ... totally - - i'm sure folks have different ideas about what makes life worth living and what gives them the feeling of flow , but we all excel at the sweet spot : 341218 for me it is dancing , art ... you'll never know for sure , unless you ask her . my guess is you said or did something that she didn't like and she withdrew . or she just lost interest and didn't want to say it . my suggestion ... are there types that don't want that ? because i can't think of anything i want more from life ... those moments make life worth living ( and i suspect that goes for all humans ) : laughing : i can guess at what you mean by that , but care to elaborate ? 338361  3383 69 338385 you're not listening . this post is about my personal journey , not looking for a partner . i love how sensitive and intelligent you are . you can make sad feelings gorgeous . isfps , do you have other isfps in your life ? what is your relationship dynamic like ? what kind of things do you enjoy doing together ? if there was one thing you wish they would understand , what would ... i don't know much about the functions yet , but sife would be isfj , right ? my partner is isfj and is very sensing but it's more about comfort / discomfort , action / inaction , happy when it's sunny and ... thanks so much for your comment , anadyomenos . i think this is great advice . your last two points speak to ways that i can be accountable - - to others and to routines - - which is important for me , ... i'd consider having an entj as a financial patron of the arts ... as long as it felt morally aligned with me . but i'd never choose a romantic relationship with someone who would steamroll my ... i initially connect with people who strike up a conversation about a similarity we have . what makes me feel great about our interaction is when they ask me questions about how i feel and think about ... enfps are perennial favorites , but we ultimately have more of a friend vibe . i've had a really long and happy relationship with an isfj . i don't know about the other types and now i'm convinced ... i think i saw your post on another thread about being stuck in a job you hate , so it's awesome to hear that you are getting inspired about something that combines your interests / talents and your ... i don't care what i eat , just order me anything . bumping this thread in case anyone has more insights to offer ... i think i'm in one of these right now : unsure : my best job was bartending in a fairly calm restaurant . i enjoyed being active , multi-tasking , mixing drinks , and having my own little domain behind the bar . my worst job was doing on-call ... yes . isfp here and i relate to this very strongly . for me , the experience has at different points felt like : 1 ) getting passed by - - that i used to have the same amount of talent and experience ... '