' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0iRTB-FTMdk&nohtml5=False i forgot those things existed . besides school , once every 1-3 months . not many at the moment , 7 . i'm ashamed . i sometimes get the name calling one , but any other hallucinations are because it's late and i'm very tired . well , i wouldn't know anymore than you already do . the laptop couldn't handle the installation anytime we tried , so it wasn't actually ever installed . dad : hey , i'm going to install windows 10 on your computer . me : don't you need a backup or something ? dad : nah ! it'll be fine ! ranch and italian , though i can't find italian dressing like the one from elementary school . they had the best italian dressing . i too have recently discovered electro swing thanks to a friend of mine , but i've currently been on a muse obsession . how i am now , as i am still in hs . you don't hold obligation to justifying your actions on here , what has been done has been done , and if you honestly want to possibly continue a relationship with this guy then just discuss it with ... i've seen arguments where they say he changes from one personality type to the opposite when going from old to new testament . i haven't looked into it myself though . when your avatar is still the holiday version because you're too lazy to find original image after it was wiped off your laptop during a windows 10 installation :d ry : thinking about my crazy dream of wanting to become a spy . i only happen to be here because i was looking at the icons for each type since it was mentioned in the intp forum . i didn't even know the generalized forums existed . istp at home i wear fluffy or fleece pajama pants , all of them have penguins on them . outside i prefer my pair of dark grey skinny jeans , they're more elastic than normal jeans so they're extremely ... one day we will all die . i woke up on my own before 12 pm . * pat on the back * te ( extroverted thinking ) ( 35 % ) your valuation of / adherence to logic of external systems / hierarchies / methods ti ( introverted thinking ) (8 5 % ) your valuation of / adherence to your own ... in my head yes , when i'm debating with a friend i wait for them to reach the counter points before i state the opposing argument . ya ' know , get them thinking . i also agree with the rest , though i find him funny , i don't see it as ne . i found him a week ago , this guy is awesome . i was referring to the second thread talking about desktops , but since you ask i've always loved lush green landscapes with trains . look what someone found . as much as i wanted to deny i have them , i do . as a child i was really bad with emotions . actually when i think back , i had a cynical feeling towards animals / insects . i'd also steal and ... fucking brand new , damn windows 10 wiped everything and never even installed . all i did was add a few games and moved the task bar back to the right . 445202 one of my friends started complaining to me that i'm not as nice as i used to be after i noted that we've become very crabby friends and asked what we can do to repair our friendship , we still are ... i'm doing everything wrong if this is how i'm to get by in highschool . agree , specifically 17:56 - 20:48 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zTL4T_NVGhY i hate waking up in the morning . what if i like eating but i find it too much work to go down to the kitchen and get something to eat ? my meals consist of a glass of milk with vitamin mix for breakfast , a granola bar and apple ... it is probably best for me to add in that i still live in the house with the same people who enforce these shower rules . if being rebellious did not cause so much attention i'd probably be more rebellious . an imperfect god would result in an imperfect world , and a perfect god a perfect world . either a god exists that is not perfect , or no god exists at all . i stand agnostic on a general creator , ... taking tests is my specialty respectful inventor : 430194 if you can't read it : confidence 48 openness 38 extroversion 8 i was brought up in a home where showering twice a week was too much , so i shower twice a week now . reading this , i again have no idea with what i'm going to do with my future . you're a pig how could you live in this mess ? ! clean up ! well not everyone can be a genius . why are you sad ? are you okay ? what joke ? why are you so smart ? gaaahhh , i wish i ... left side , first 2 rows , preferably 2nd row . you two are quite the talkative persons * points to drink on the menu , hands money , runs into restroom to avoid socialization , comes back out in 5 minutes , gets drink , runs to car * you fed me food , mmm . we need to draw a line between the very unlikely and human stupidity , as that is very likely . yes , it was meant to be sarcastic / joking , most of the things i say are sarcastic in some way . but who knows , maybe someone actually is mad at the fact your cow and signature are contradictory . maybe they find problem with you claiming to be a friendly cow when your avatar clearly looks angry . i lost you when you said schedule . i've mainly used this knowledge to improve upon myself and understand myself and the perspectives of others , i used to be a very depressed pile of goo . uh , how am i supposed to explain this ? give me a 5 hour processing period . * hold music plays * ahahahaha i've taken over the world ! bow to me ! i am the ruler of the planet ! 2 hours later : uh m'am , err .. i mean , ruler of the planet , what are your commands ? huh , what ? oh hey did you see ... '