' appreciating nature ( gardens , sunsets , stars ) every once in a while . frequenting bookstores and cafes , often for some tete-a-tete . and with present preoccupations in brackets ... - music ... more intellectual honesty and the end of identity politics would be nice . this sort of package deal politics in which several unrelated positions are presented as a bundle - take it or leave it - is ... t0ska , please - thank you ! i was only going off your comment about not being well-versed in the contemporary literature . alternatives , ranging from wikipedia articles to encyclopedia entries seldom ooze profundity , so of ... this saddens me . it is one thing to not be interested in philosophy , but if you are not up to date with the literature , how do you know we have not seen anything groundbreaking of late ? this is not a ... that does not really address my point . there may be some truth to your claims about moral inconsistency , and employing moral language in the name of expediency , but this is largely a separate issue ... are you arguing that , given the state of human moralizing , emotivism or something similar is true ? if so , i disagree . let us assume that your observations of people track reality . this settles ... i do not share that impression . outside of academia , perhaps ( doubtful ) . inside of academia , the work of such figures as a . j . ayer , r . m . hare , and simon blackburn ( not all of whom are nihilists ) ... all variations of non-cognitivism in metaethics - emotivism , prescriptivism , expressivism ... i second shogo makishima ( psycho-pass ) . ' evil ' would not be my choice of word . i can imagine ideas the adoption of which would have a net bad effect , all else being equal . such ideas could also be true . facts are under no obligation to ... for some reason , i am often uncomfortable comparing myself to others - fictional or otherwise - in this way . friends have recurrently pointed out two : max demian ( from the novel , demian ) and shogo ... late at night , signed off from my phone , social media , etc . , and just winding down ... disconnected from everything and everyone else , alone with my thoughts , enjoying some tea and a good book before ... if a non-enfp may answer ... :P yes , but not always . i find it makes for problematic cognitive dissonance . being future-oriented , visions laced with idealism and fantasies can keep me going - it's ... can only speak for myself here , but ... caution - a more pronounced wariness , or reticence . i am fine sharing information , but unsure in going about it . i appreciate clear signs , or prompts - ... no . other way around , if anything . i do not particularly like having this effect on people . with friends , what happens is i will recommend a book , say , and they will basically refuse to discuss it ... i have been to three over time , under different circumstances . family issues coming out of secondary school led me to choose based off of proximity . back then , my aspirations were not defined , so ... i don't think there's anything wrong with that . however , ask yourself : would such a moment be special , such that there is appeal in the idea of it being face to face ? if so , perhaps you might ... maybe you can outgrow them without feeling the need to cut anyone out of the picture , at least entirely ? i felt this way a couple of years into university , as my interests became more academic ... not as much as i used to , but yes . it was more explorative , approached with an interest in philosophy of mind . however , my experience has been quite different . where i see some similarity is on ... do you tend to fixate on specific people , particular situations ( ie : conflict ) , or is it more all-encompassing and applies to just about everyone ? i may fixate on some aspect of society as a whole ... yeah ? would you happen to have them handy ? i'm curious . - - - sharing a type may make for more ready insight into what gets the other person to tick . that said , my view is that the mbti is often ... awesome ! i am curious to hear what you think - have barely started myself , and will likely be on that one for a while . i do not suspect the parts of that book concerning biology will turn you off ... sounds like we share some similar interests . seven brief lessons on physics is in my pile , and i am about two-thirds of the way through superintelligence . currently juggling a few other books : the ... changed back , just for you . it's your thread , after all . by the way , like the shinya profile and avatar ~ interesting ! just finished catching up on this thread ... what are the things most contributing to your intj leaning as opposed to others , at the moment ? huhman i am not as brushed up on narcissus and goldmund , but can try to elaborate on some things if you wish . unforgivable . you just can't handle that eros ... it's hard to recommend a degree based on what's been shared , but as for figuring out what to do ... first , consider how determined you are . do you expect that getting back into school after a one ... what you're feeling is totally understandable . there is a lot of noise to navigate through . your recognition of how multi-faceted things can be is healthy - never lose it . beyond all the ... 1 ) do you like tea ? specifically hot tea it's alright ; i like vanilla chai . more of a coffee guy , though . 2 ) do you often think about society and how downhill it is going ? ( of course thats a ... intj some choice genres include : science fiction , dystopian , and cyberpunk . my favourite anime is psycho-pass . truly enjoyed the setting and characters - how they viewed their world , and how ... well , i see no reason to think there is any higher purpose or calling - what meaning there is in my life has been decided by me , and that's all there is to it . as for motivation , if i had to pick ... intj most frequently , i've gotten max demian from hermann hesse's novel , demian . however , people i know usually get around to reading it by my recommendation ( it's a personal favourite ) , so one ... philosophy . particularly ethics . do you believe in destiny ? no . free will is an illusion , but that doesn't entail fatalism . do you enjoy flirting for its own sake ? no . i'm not really flirty . if i were to flirt , it would be ... yes , began about 2 years ago and still settle down to try it every now and then . can't say i've experienced anything particularly significant , but that's really more a matter of me not applying ... edit : please disregard . i noticed my desired name is taken . intj besides home , work , and university , the only noteworthy locations would be bookstores ( sections : science , philosophy , politics , fiction , manga ) and cafes ... maybe malls , on the odd occasion . ... a fellow intj or infj , i think . though i'm pretty open on this , and certainly wouldn't disqualify someone as ideal based on their type . proceed , but proceed responsibly . it seems you're committed to that much already . it's not like you're going in blind ; you have everything you've ever learned and experienced to help - navigation ... how about william gibson ? his first novel - a big hit - was neuromancer . philip k . dick is also good , with a large body of work . from mustapha mond , in aldous huxley's brave new world : x93actual happiness always looks pretty squalid in comparison with the over-compensations for misery . and , of course , stability isn't ... don't wanna speak for myself , but most people seem to be under the impression that i'm at least a few years younger . don't think i have much of a baby face ... maybe it's the longer hair ? but like , ... kind of . i was an honours student even when breezing by , but of course could have done better if i tried . guess it matters to me more now that i actually care about my education - could have retained ... oh no , i'm late ! > ~ < i'm gonna break from the thread's tradition , and wish you a good morning instead , clyme . hope you have a wonderful day ! ^ u ^ just happy it's warming up - makes me less reluctant to go outside . i am extremely intolerant of the cold . > _ > initially , it was to learn more about myself and others through the mbti , after being introduced to it in university . i stick around for the interaction nowadays , though . lots of interesting ... it really does depend on the person . there is an element of luck to how naturally it comes to you ( or how naturally you get something of substantial value out of it ) . personally , i think it helps ... sometimes i think people just like the idea of a big city . i certainly do , but living there is another story . not that i've given it a shot yet . done ! mind sharing your research question and results when all is finished ? :) '