' you are such a good friend . she is lucky to have you as a friend . :) i am sorry to hear :( if your isfj is like my husband , it might be a long while before she can pick herself back up because once they have invested in a relationship , they get in there deeply . he ... my isfj husband is very private and quite sensitive . when he has any problems , he does not want to involve others . knowing him all these years , when he becomes unusually quiet , i know something is ... this depends on who you are with . i just typed my husband the other day and believe he is an isfj . he is very committed and is willing to do whatever it takes to to keep our relationship strong . ... you will find it useful :) my adviser looked at the results of my disc test , and knowing how i am , she strongly advised me to pursue leadership positions . in our personnel management class , we ... thanks for sharing :) btw , i just tried to type my husband . i think he is an isfj :) i like ambulatory most . dear poptart : the reason why i posted my interpretations of your avatar and your nickname was because i had a strong feeling that beneath the serious exterior that you want to present to the ... to answer your question , i was referring to something really specific . but , i don't want to go into much details about this . :) it was not for them to neglect their own dreams / ambitions . it was ... but , your nick poptart tells me that there is sensitivity within you , but you don't want to express it . you want to put up a tough front . this also tells me that you prefer specific things and ... ok , poptart , let me be the second one , after your teacher lol hmm ... let's see . a look at your avatar tells me that you like to be serious . you don't want to waste your time with creativity . ... if you are interested in handling different personalities for purposes of work , i would like to suggest you to also look into the disc personality test . this is more directly related to work because ... i don't want to see myself as a leader of any sorts . i simply see myself as sharing my dreams , my ambitions with others . yes , i have persuaded quite a few others to share my dreams / ambitions . i ... speaking of leadership , there is a difference between a leader and a manager ( or leadership and management ) . they both assume leadership roles . a leader needs to see the big picture ; he / she needs ... i feel so much love for my husband that i do not know how to express enough of my feelings sometimes . between the two of us , i am the expressive one while he mainly shows his love through actions . ... hello , let me be the first one who replies to your thread :P how are old are you ? i am in my early 30 ' s . where are you from ? i am from america . how long have you been on personality cafe ? ... this is my all-time favorite song :) my way - frank sinatra http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=egY8rUpxqcE my husband starts to pray more as he finds praying helps to calm him down at work . he is a medical doctor , so , often times , he gets really stressed out at work . :( btw , i don't know his mbti ... 1 ) why did you choose this career ? as a child , i knew that a career in the health profession was my calling . i did very well in school , grade-wise , and love the sciences , so here i am today , ... i like to cook for other people and have no problem sharing my food . you and i have something else in common : i am a vegan . :) right here waiting for you - richard marx http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iLi_osYNsOU&feature=related because you loved me - celine dion http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P_r8pDziQKE&feature=related i like simplicity . simplicity is how i would like to dress : a pair of jeans , a formfitting t-shirt , and a blazer when it is cold out , like this : ... i finished 4 years of college and went on to get my doctor of pharmacy degree . so , what did you come up with ? ? i will always love you - whitney houston http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3JWTaaS7LdU one more try - george michael http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bG5N3GC-m20 i believe enfjs do well in careers that allow us to deal with people . i have a pharmd ( doctor of pharmacy ) degree . i love what i do because it allows me to help people . a kind face . hello - lionel richie http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_ILDFp5DGA you all look great . thanks for sharing your pictures . :) i suppose i must share mine as well . http://i1285.photobucket.com/albums/a593/Cloud_Nine2010/myselff_zpsb09aac47.jpg this , i promise you - ronan keating http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wFyZ04j0Qxw you are still the one - shania twain http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KNZH-emehxA unbreak my heart - toni braxton http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p2Rch6WvPJE you needed me - anne murray http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QrOdxw5CHX8 i have always liked to observe how someone treats a person who can do nothing for him / her . this tells me a whole lot about the real character of that person :) 74 this explains why i am a vegan . i suspect my older brother might be an enfj as well , but i am not so sure . :D he is the most wonderful brother in the whole world :) very protective , and extremely generous :) i will ask my ... my honey's family used to have a big dog . he thought the dog would bark when i came to meet his parents for the first time . in fact , my honey expected the dog to bark , and that way he would come to ... ever since i was young , i knew that i had a special bond with animals :) wounded birds would let me care for them :) i took them in and cared for them , and i set them free once they were well ... they are lovely , aren't they ? i just love them little animals :) animals just love me , and i them :) people say i have a way with them little animals : laughing : they are not afraid of me at all :) i am always surrounded by little animals no matter where i am ... my cousin graduated from harvard medical school . he is an infj . animals don't fear me at all . :) little birds at public parks would literally eat out of my hand . people's dogs and cats warm up to me , licking me up and down after a few hours of meeting me . ... on second thought , my greatest achievement thus far was to be given a merit-based scholarship to get my doctor of pharmacy ( pharmd ) degree . i suppose my hard work during 4 years in college paid off ... i work well with positive reinforcements . when i need to do something , i set a date to get it done and reward myself with something i enjoy doing once i do get it done on schedule :) this makes ... i am the the younger of 2 . :) i don't wear make-up , not even lip gross . no foundation ! the only things i use on my face are sun-screen , moisturizer , and eye-liners to make my eyes more interesting : blushed : i am an enfj . ... one of the biggest compliments i received from someone was when she passed an extremely important exam . it was an exam that basically defined her life . based on that exam , she could either walk ... thank you . now i am less confused : laughing : yeah , i am always doing something and interacting with people over the internet :D i have to have some sorts of interactions with people :) parties ... so , i think i am an xnfj . i and e are still a bit confusing to me though . i don't party often . the last time i was at a party was more than a month ago . i would prefer staying inside to read a ... '