' hello kate . how are ya ? may i occasionally call you special agent todd ? mirrors on the outside huh ? you don't hear about that often even in occult circles unless the inhabitants are very afraid of the land or other malign workers . well , from what i know anyways . no ... this kind of stuff treads on the unknown for me . i do not jump to conclusions but my mind is open . is this you reaffirming your love for someone you can't express it to ? or is this something more ... warning : incoming rant . not even sure how it got like this . no changes though , i'll analyze it later . wow . just ... wow . ok you all realize you're flocking together and petting each other for being ... i do not consider myself a wiccan or anything really , but i do have some experience with the mystical side of life ( read , it's just science we haven't figured out yet ) . for one , the place is named ... hi and welcome ! everyone is being so helpful in many areas so i'll fill in this void . being viewed as a jerk is bad ? i find people lie to you less and have more lasting respect for someone they ... yes . people watching = fun . generally when i'm bored of the current discussion / s i'll watch while pretending to be interested in what someone is saying * . people's emotional status . i scan a room and ... aye . as long as it isn't all blushing and tittering . i've found that not everyone can unabashedly discuss the more carnal things in life , but oh i can ! last night . it's dark and there is noise . shooting and engines revving . leaves and branches are slapping me and i'm on a bike . a powerful motorcycle of strange design . i'm driving fast through a ... that is the most important part i've found . the feeling . you do one something and it evokes a powerful response . the dream seems to give perspective , to what ? i'm not sure . maybe perspective isn't ... mmmm , my apologies . i should have dug deeper . my bad . can a mod merge them ? dammit ! i missed it ! good job metal . no . anyone i've met like me , won't say that . we already know and are cautious around each other . anyone who would think that would not get a chance to say it . well not to me personally anyway . ... ok the other nights i was all stuffy and irritated and can't remember if i dreamed , last night on the other hand . this is one of my mono-chromatic dreams except where color is specifically ... excellent , interesting stuff . the feeling of someone being there but not , many people have described that to me . the second and third bit interest me , a sherbet green ferret is just awesome ! ... couldn't care less what the gift price is . thing is i am attracted to high quality , beautiful things . love buying items with high value for people , not because of the price , it's just beautiful . ... hello . look forward to your posts . wow , that's interesting . congratulations , i am in love . stage one complete . awesome ! sweet ! thanks ! i love riddles , more ! if the result of the conflict looks to be useful , jump in with a grin . if there looks to be no point , diffuse . yes . this overwhelming , constant must i feel . it has been with me for years and i know myself well enough to say it has nothing to do with work , or love . i mean yeah , looking for that magical love ... ah the undefeatable monster ! never really had falling dreams , that would be exhilarating ! i have nothing for today as i woke up stuffy and with a cold , could not remember a thing . ferrets are awesome ! weasels are excellent parents and deadly when backed into a corner . weasels don't really act very weaselly really . they are just clever compared to most animals . besides , an ... it's wrong . most inuits just gaff ' em . a little quicker . but keep in mind a mother polar bear will often stun the fuzzy buggers while her young start eating . once you've seen wolves start eating a ... hmmm , interesting feelings you have there . good luck with the writing and great love ! i have always felt i am supposed to save someones life . not lives as in a firefighter or surgeon . just a life , ... avalanche . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a7fQnlLstfc&feature=related thank you trope . a friend of mine is into the whole astrology thing . i haven't let her do a full birth chart on me yet , though she says i suit virgo / horse so far . just never put much stock into it . have had friends ... well , lucid yes . as you describe it , no . what you describe is very interesting though . odd , and kinda opposite of what i do , but interesting . i'm going to look into this . thank you . accurate , sometimes . well said . or not . i have firm belief we are not alone , whether in this universe or another , it's all relative to our senses . limited by such as well . we humans are a frightened ... i would love to share some bonobo with y'all , but i cannot embed not matter what i do . : laughing : yeah same . hard to explain . how do you define chemical reactions ? that's all it is . hahahaha , thanks for making me laugh . hi . monday , march 06 , 2009 well it was inevitable . he should have listened . now both housemates are dead . idiots . broke into the pawnshop across the street and picked the longest , strongest steel ... haha , that's cool . i wish ! i've been tortured in my dreams before and the fear , pain and horror were almost solid objects it was so real . invisibility and flight would have been handy ! : laughing : you are all nuts . my other self stated that as he read over my shoulder . but it's ok , he's retied to his chair . how he got out of the basement disturbs me though . apparently he can pick locks as well ... thank you . i'll take off my shoes and be respectful . thank you for the hospitality ! right , for the guys who say they forget their dreams , very common in every male excepting a few i have talked to . another reason i am determined to monitor my own . interesting , thank you for that nugget of info . will look into that . haha , the bracelet thing is classic it just works in a dream . nice . your second dream mentioned really intrigues me . the ... i will start . brief history . i dream . i have intense dreams . well according to everyone i talk to and every book i have read . i dream in color . i dream with sound . i have woken up feeling ... did a search and was shocked not to see a dream thread ! so this is it . feel comfortable with posting your dreams ? post ! feel your dreams kick ass ? post ! curious about the meaning of your dreams ... awww , poor undirected , undeniable biological responses . if only he could resist feeling that wa ... wait a minute ! yeah , sleep and i haven't really comes to terms yet . i'm asking for oblivion , she keeps giving me movies that i can't fall asleep to . * shrug * it's a work in progress . on the plus side , my ... mmm , this would be nice . thanks for reminding me . sadly my last known seller of such goods became no longer viable once i learned she could sing ... see that is the point ( as i see it ) about a place like this . this is a forum where all the different personalities can talk . more important , realize they are talking to the type that they may have ... yeah . weird thing is , i am not consistently a jerk . i am sure you can see where that can lead to difficulties . also , i am not attracted to women who like jerks , only those that can deal with jerks ... offline : much more involved and commanding . use humor much more often because you can see my smile and eyes and know i'm not insulting you ( usually playing with words ) . body languages , physical ... hello . look forward to your posts . '