' in day to day life i'd say i'm more process oriented . i definitely keep the results in mind when creating a plan of action , but once you have the plan and begin the implementation phase i think it's ... hi , could i have my name changed to serrucho please ? - chukka sandals : i can't be the only one that thinks these things are hideous - flip flips : not the best looking footwear , but my issie here is that they cause overpronation - then people have the ... . my best friend / roommate is an intp . i have to admit that we have a bit of an unbalanced relationship because i'm always coming up with plans so he ends up taking a follower role a lot of the time ... it really depends on my mood and the people i am around . if i don't feel like talking then i won't start any conversations . if i don't like the people around then i'll probably avoid talking to them ... from the ones that i've met : - we tend to have very erect / confident posture - we always give lots of eye contact - in general we walk fast . we usually know exactly where we are going . - probably ... if you're good at something , never do it for free . - the joker as far as asian sayings : the gem cannot be polished without friction , nor man perfected without trials . - - chinese proverb i'm interested , how did you decide that this is what you're going to do with your life ? i don't find the view that there's no cosmic purpose misanthropic , but maybe that's because i share that view . and so it seems like you're going to dedicate your life to making things as good as ... interesting ... so because people have always been seeking happiness and knowledge then it is their nature to seek happiness and knowledge . and because it is human nature to seek these things out then ... so you exist to experience happiness and acquire knowledge ? or do you want to spread happiness and knowledge ? what lead you to conclude this is your purpose ? so i'm wondering , do you think that individuals have purpose in a greater cosmic sense ? if so , what is it ? but more importantly , i'm wondering what you consider your personal purpose in life . what ... so you think that two entjs wouldn't make an ideal team because any problem that one entj can't solve on their own the other one wouldn't be able to help with because they bring the same thought ... hey guys , so i'm wondering about how romantically compatible an entj is with another entj . i've only met a couple of other confirmed entjs so far , and i hit it off with one while i have a love / hate ... op : i prefer andrew ryan this is definitely an interesting question . to start off on the most foundational level of my worldview , i am an atheist . this perspective doesn ’ t have too much of an impact on my day to day ... “ the higher we soar the smaller we appear to those who cannot fly . ” - friedrich well i took a mensa practice iq test and got a 134 . well , my parents were born in another country and they moved to the us to have a better life for themselves and for their kids . we had to live in a pretty bad neighborhood when i was younger but they ... thanks for the suggestions guys , i've personally been using a schedule / todo list kind of strategy in order to stay on task . i plot out the day and give each task a time box , like 9:30 - 10:45 , to ... hi guys , so now that summer's over and school has started up again i've been thinking about productivity . specifically , i've noticed that if i'm doing some kind of physical work then i can work all ... hm it's interesting , but i sort of have a tendency to do the same . i usually end up establishing a figurehead to become the face of the operations while making all the decisions myself . it's come in ... i'm going off the books here , since i don't watch the show . in my opinion : john snow i can see as an entj tywin lannister - i see him as more of an intj . he doesn't really seem to like being around ... hmm well it might be a bit callous of me , but i've always identified more with the victors than the victims . even if i'm on the losing side i tend to acknowledge the victor's rights to the spoils . 1 . never was much of a fan of tea . i'll drink it when i have to , but water is my beverage of choice . 2 . i think about society a lot , although i don't really think it's going downhill . in my opinion ... a little of both haha . in my opinion international politics is a zero sum game . if one country is going to benefit it's almost always going to be at the expense of some other country . and as an ... and beyond , i imagine but how's the us gonna keep being imperialistic if we don't start another war ? though i'll admit that it'll have nothing but bad consequences . i'm wondering what mitt romney's ( the current republican party candidate for president of the united states ) mbti type would be . according to the picture i see from this washington post article ... wow i'm surprised to find a fellow tool fan . it's one of the most underrated bands in my opinion . i'm liking one day as a lion at the moment . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6mKtt7F0rPU when failure happens and i'm unable to reach a particular goal i've set for myself i reevaluate my strategy . in general everything i try to do is a means to an end . if i'm trying to accomplish ... this is an interesting take on actualization . honestly there are a few attitudes here that i really haven't considered before . in my opinion , however , actualization doesn't really mean developing ... over the last few centuries standards of living and quality of life have risen constantly and consistently for just about everyone just about all the time . the richest person today is better off than ... i'll agree that machiavelli is a bit overrated . i don't really like much of the specific advice he gave , but i like the underlying thought process . whenever you want to achieve a goal you need to ... i'd say that most of the time denial is unconscious and those in denial don't choose it and wouldn't choose it if they had the option , at least not the entjs in denial . in my opinion though , entj ... if you like machiavelli then you definitely need to check out the 48 laws of powerby robert greene . he basically takes a machiavellian perspective on any situation where power is involved and tells ... i feel like i'm treading water if i'm not working on some goal . not sure if this is an entj thing or just me , but if i don't feel like i'm better off now than i was two weeks ago i'm not satisfied . yeah i can relate to that . there's this one entj at my school in particular that i tend to butt heads with . in general when i meet someone with a big ego we either get only great or get along ... wow , that's a cool story . i hope i can find something that's as good a fit for me as econ was for you :D when in a group you insist on making things democratic and make sure everyone has their say and that the group reaches a consensus before making a decision , however you state your case so well that ... + 1 exactly what i was thinking . dad : entp , although not very strong on the t side of things . mom : isfp - needless to say we argue often . thank you guys for all the help , i really appreciate it : happy : honestly if i could name the one thing that really interests me in itself it would probably be psychology , particularly all the ... haha so all you want from the entj is to be dominated in bed ? nice to see our talents are being put to good use lol . yeah , i said guy because she mentioned getting an entj manu 200b . ;) depending on the setting i'll either make a mental note or write it down , although i opt for writing it down in my planner whenever possible . writing something down completely eliminates the ... not too common , although in my experience we tend to clump together with other nts . so that should make it easier to find us , just look around the intellectual people you know , the entj will be the ... well if you're going to argue you might as well have fun with it ;) as long as she's not the type to hold a grudge i don't think it'll hurt too much . although some of the other kids might hold it against you . have you tried not making girls cry ? :P '