hello , hello , hello , hello , hello . welcome to perc , where nothing makes sense , but it's best that way . you seem pretty awesome , so , welcome to the forum . we need more intelectuals . lawllipop we should definitely hang out and not do stupid stuff at school dances . you know , a movie sounds great . and i'm glad someone else sees the stupidity in it . ahaha . it's fine not to enjoy it ... will you be my cold-hearted scientist friend ? i need more people to match me on that wavelength . welcome aboard , chap ! orl , as soon as i saw this , i thought nooo ! not the hug ! anything but a hug . this is so beautifully crafted and true , i have nothing to say . wow . this describes me so well ... it's not even funny . i saw this , and i was going make fun of whoever's idea this was , but i've seen ... i do this so much , i cannot describe it . it's more than my defense , it's part of my thought process . i do this only on rare occasion . people get frustrated with my showiness , so i stifle this ... ( da le ) yaleo by santana . i enjoy the foreign twist . just finished a coldplay album . this is basically me , but i have never outgrown the physical discomfort . i find it physical uncomfortable . i can bring myself to touch other people , or accept anything beyond a handshake . especially ... i feel like stoic is a good word . nahhh ! ! ! i had the same thing happen to me . i don't care what you do , or how , but do it . you're smart , you'll come up with something . do not let her leave . i had the same issue a while back ... wow . that's rough . i got in a similar tangle last year , but due to my extremely reserved nature , i was able to entirely remove any chemistry ( or just mask any desire for relationships ) . it just goes ... your score was 45 of 100 . this puts you in the category of the low machs , people who will hold out for the goodness of the world and avoid manipulation . not the people machiavelli would approve ... my first question : do you have kids / pets ? what did you name them ? why ? even if you haven't yet , do you have names planned out ? second question : did the name your parents gave you have ... i supposeim out for the night . g'night cafe . it's been a good day . preface : i'm sorta an intj , but my t is weak , and my infj side shows its philanthropic head occasionally . hmm ... i had a similar issue with a close friend , who isn't around anymore . although i ... this happened to me . the she moved . i'm still trying to figure it out . it doesn't make ou any less intj , i do believe . roxanne - the police shi , i think you'll find yourself right at home here . if you look around a bit , you'll make friends real fast . enjoy ! p . s . welcome to the intj super introverted world ! as an intj , let's just say ... hugs are rare . rare . and apparently powerful .