' - dreams are you experiencing the multiverse - why do bacteria form endospores that are capable of withstanding the vacuum of space ? clearly because they were bio engineered by an advanced ... my ideal vacation is 5 days backpacking through wilderness that is miles and miles from anything . either alone or with someone that can be quiet for 5 hours at a time . i would call gender and race equality real issues this country has . again , changing the dollar bill and i would also add the transgender bathrooms are one facet of those issues . by dismissing those ... and acetrainergreen although i agree that gender and race equality is a multifaceted problem i disagree that changing the bill doesn't have any effect . anything that is nationally ... i see your point , but i also get that the only people on our money are old white dudes . there are other people that have also contributed greatly to our society that didn't get recognition because ... totally hot except that he then explained it to me in detail . that's when i fell all the way in love . the universe has already seduced me , i'm totally in awe . i guess it's hard for a mere mortal to ... because it describes the fabric of the universe and it's so different from what we'd suspect . and it suggests that a lot of what we think we know about the way the world works is probably wrong . ... i'd just like to state that it's been awhile since i ventured into this forum and this thread is hilarious . definitely better than the suicide thread . although you do realize that to seduce ... roughly 817,000 the only thing that keeps me sane is a chrome extension one tab mis-reading social cues is not my issue . over analysis of social cues is my issue . i feel like i read a lot more into a social interaction than most people and it can become paralyzing . ... as a kid i used to have the auditory hallucination of my name being called . i've certainly had olfactory hallucinations from time to time . i've felt the presence of someone very close to me who ... no kids , no plan to have kids . the noise factor alone sounds awful . and the lack of alone time and the amount of personal investment . and as others have mentioned the whole pregnancy and ... i had a roommate that had a special talent for nicknames . every time i walked in the room it seemed he called me something different ... my favorites are listed first , and this list represents a tiny ... yep . one of my favorite dates was snuggling up in bed after sex and both of us pulling out our own sci fi novels . aaaah romance . i show affection mostly through physical acts . cuddles , hugs , randomly humping them from behind , ass slaps , etc . and teasing . i love a well executed insult that jabs at one of my ... i haven't been drawing much either , but this is the last thing i was working on referenced from a photo i took of a statue in a park . hopefully i finish this one day 477930 yes . i found the debates to be absolutely intellectually stimulating . it was my favorite thing about him . i know he enjoyed our debates as well but it eventually dissolved and affected our ... i think i've overcome social retardation for the most part unless it's a very awkward situation . then i clam up and get all tense . although it hasn't stopped me from finding most company to be ... i disagree . most of the time i really , really want a hug . like a really good one . but of course the idea of asking for one is horrifying . i agree with the intensity part too . recently i guy ... carnivore and amine also : question for the determinists ... how do determinists explain the evolution of consciousness , especially emotion , processing pain , etc . most theories hinge around the ... just to jump in ... i wouldn't throw out an idea because other physicists and neurologists are enraged over it . as i said in a previous post quantum mechanics ( and consciousness ) are unsolved ... carnivore and amine i'm going to have to digest that argument , you may have swayed me . i'll get back to you in like two months :) i do want to add too that this is just an idea that i play around with because it's fun . and i haven't even gotten to the weirdest bits of it . but you'd all have to just accept this first part to ... i want to respond to this , but i am not a student of philosophy . it would help if you expanded a bit and explain how it applies to what i laid out . ok ... i agree that defining i gets rather difficult when it comes to consciousness . i end up thinking about this a lot and have not come up with any explanation that i find satisfactory . i ... first apologies for editing my reply to you about 15 times ... i think you replied during my editing frenzy . i get what you're saying about the cause and effect being reversed in what we believe to ... yes . the way i think about it as the universes ' right next ' to the one our consciousness is currently in has the highest probability of your consciousness landing in it , those that branch far off ... i see it more of getting free will out of multiple universes . the quantum indeterminacy is what gives rise to multiple universes ... and this isn't my theory , it's one of several ( although ... the free will thread got me convinced to lay out a little theory i play around with : let's first assume physical determinism , that is that every particle in the universe acts in a predictable way ... https://scontent-lga3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xlp1/v/t1.0-9/12524317_1096275087097552_4080794880366941047_n.jpg?oh=6fc0af380de0b6da6556aa42603c9283&oe=56FF9F92 ahh , couldn't help it :) but to ... cuddling . i know , i know ... * hands over intp card * i think shpongle is brilliant . although i've never done lsd , listening to this i feel like i know what it's like . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IDiZG-eAk30 yeah i belonged to a travel forum that held meetups . i used a nickname in the forum long before i imagined meeting anyone in real life . the nickname was one a roommate had given me . i put it in ... i was thinking along the same lines . i saw a terrifying documentary about sleep paralysis that kept me from going back to sleep last night . i've had the lucid dreams before as well .. also with varying degrees of control . twice i conjured up a guy i wanted to make out with but my subconscious has a * hilarious * sense of humor and the ... i've had lucid dreams and then i experienced what i experienced last night . it wasn't really a dream . it started with me suddenly being conscious and realizing that i was in bed but i didn't know ... i went on a road trip by myself once up from san francisco to seattle then to montana and down through idaho , utah and nevada . i was camping and did some wilderness backpacking as well . i didn't ... i'd tell myself to chill the eff out . which actually , could still apply to my current self . i spent a lot of time after college really down on myself because i had no idea what to do with myself ... i've only yelled at someone once that i can remember in the last 15 years . my housemate ( who i love and will put up with all sorts of crap from ) and i were in a fight . he yells and i usually sit ... i like my electronic music deep , dark and dirty , like my men . i go through phases but this is good example : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z8qkTmH367w i run the gamut . i've been listening ... btw : this haunted me for years about my bf's death . i had this need to know if he knew he was going to die . they said it was instant ( did they just tell us that ? ) but before his motorcycle hit the ... my first boyfriend died in a motorcycle accident when we were both in our early 20 ' s . the grieving process was long and came in waves and was something that changed me as person . i lost beliefs in ... welcome ! i felt the same exact way when i discovered this site :) i'm a biology teacher and i love the idea of plush toy infectious agents . so i have a few floating around my classroom ( as well as different types of cells , but i don't find them quite as funny ) . ... passive aggressiveness . i don't hint around about what i want to say to someone . i try to put it in as plain terms as possible so there's no mistake about what i mean . unfortunately that means i ... i got a third of the way through this book then gave up after reading 12 pages about pre-industrial farming techniques . life is too short . espresso straight . i take it dark and bitter , like my men . when i get really stressed out i remember that as the sun dies and expands out into a red giant in several billion years it will swallow the earth ( or at least toast the life crust off of it ) and ... i think it entirely depends on what you do with it . i don't watch any channels just netflix and primewire as i firmly believe advertisements are detrimental to your mental health . but last ... '