' my istj sure loves lists . and spreadsheets . i dunno what really counts as badass but one time we were climbing a mountain ( where i live doesn't have real mountains - it's only about 1km high ) but it was a really misty , foggy day and we were ... hey everyone , i've had a realisation about how my inferior intuition shows up and i wondered if anyone else shares it . i've heard intuitive types talk about how they get their intuitions from raw ... interesting test . i think my result corresponds with estp . some of it is right , especially the part about my emotions rising after an event has already passed , and preferring action to discussion . ... * getting out a calculator to do budgeting * . this is so much fun ! wheee ! i am not f * cking kidding . he is so great . yeah i think you're right . i've come to see he suffers from quite severe social anxiety and is really trying to overcome them which is actually pretty cool . it's good to learn to work with how other ... nice analysis ... i like that it agrees with what i already think ;P no but really it's cool that you are doing such an indepth analysis on everybody - thanks for your hard work ! and i think you got ... i had a borrowed electric scooter for a while but it kept breaking down which was a pain in the ass . i never got game enough on it o go long distances but it was pretty fun and super convenient ! they're from personality hacker . not sure what i think of that site yet but these seem quite good . their test gave me an estp result , and this article isn't too off mark , although out of the three sp ... exercise , art , read a book , internet , tv , or organise a hike or daytrip with friends . or sometimes i'll go shopping if i'm in the right mood . i'm intrigued ! ok . sorry this turned out into a bit of a rant / ramble . i think i explained the why , but if you need more or a different kind of why let me know . i seem to have trouble with answering ... i'm revisiting this thread because i'm actually in a situation now where it is directly relevant and it made me remember it . we have an 18 yo relative living with us atm , and i'm not sure but i think ... narcissistic , only just saw this - thanks ! i'm a sanguine / phlegmatic and my closest type is esfp so that's nearly right . i think ericb is right in that as i've matured i've become more able to think if it were me i would want ... and that ... my husband told me yesterday he thought i should have a warning label that said speech filter broken but this only happens when i'm tired so maybe it would be warning : speech filter should be ... warning : high energy , unstable particle . yeah it seems like he's an estp for sure , but that said i hate it when people use him as the poster boy estp example ... like way to give estps a bad name . he's not a prime example of the type and ... that's so true ! i've finished up with that job now and am back at my old position which involves lots of walking around etc . but i still am inside all day and even that's a bit draining at times for ... some different descriptions . italic means it sort of fits , italic bold means it really fits . esfps love people , excitement , telling stories and having fun . the spontaneous , impulsive nature of ... thanks myjazz that was really helpful ! don't apologise for anything :) i want to go back an reread the questionnaire and see if i can spot some of these recurring patterns you mentioned . yeah i have ... thanks mizz for the indepth explanation , much appreciated . isfp is what i originally thought i was , and then i noticed ( actually my husband pointed out ) that my inferior outbursts tend to resemble ... thanks so much for the input :) any particular reason why or is it just the general feel you get ? little help ? :) i have the same thing with finding my type ... i know my enneagram , but in my mbti i always jump around . i'm just taking a stab at this , but i think an entp 4w5 would show up pretty different to an infp , even an infp 4 . enneagram is different from mbti as mbti is , like coldnobility said , more about ... what you've described sounds bang on like an enneagram 4 ... which does tend to correlate more strongly with infp than isfj . so i'd lean to infp and i'd suggest checking out enneagram as well as it ... in my opinion they are both using fe / ti , but i can see fi for the one arguing to keep her name . it depends on her real reasons for wanting to keep her name - is it really just that she can't be ... this is a really good questionnaire , thanks heaps herp 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? i think it's that i overanayse a little bit x96 like i look at everything ... i think you're right about this , i guess it takes a pretty high level of self awareness to speak in those terms though ... like i've always thought i was introspective but maybe i'm not because i have ... i took this career test , the results for me are spot on , although they're so short it might not really be significant . do you think there's any correlation with mbti ? also , what about having a ... i cannot express how happy this made me . i'm keeping the quote with the photos intact so we can see them again . what even is a forum invasion ... ? the thread you linked seemed harmless enough , it was just some people being friendly . i guess if the whole forum gets filled up with malicious trolling that's ... haha it really is a real quote although the rule book in question is the one from the game zombiecide so it's not as boring as it sounds at first ( the zombiecide rule book has little scenario stories ... yeah i get mental fog as well in those circumstances ... i end up just staring off vacantly unless i go for a walk . * excitedly * i'm going to sit on the couch and read the rulebook ( i love my istj :) ) * excitedly * i'm going to sit on the couch and read the rulebook . haha thanks sifan ! yep i've definitely been feeling that delicatefrench ... i had the flu recently and haven't been quite as active since then , definitely need to get back into it cos i'm getting anxiety - it's hard ... garden gnome sounds amazing ! i'm starting to seriously think about starting my own business ... i've realised more and more that office life isn't for me , and especially the middle manager thing ... yeah that bugs me too , if they've said it they don't need to say it again and again . this guy definitely didn't fall into that trap ! i mean he did repeat stuff that was important , but he was short ... so i went to a small business workshop today run by a guy i'm almost definite was an estp , and it was an absolute pleasure . he was clear , highly engaging , hilariously funny , and very competent . a ... like someone posted above , i reckon typing him is not gonna be that accurate if he has a personality disorder . and , like some other people said , he seems like a textbook narcissist . is he really ... 1 . sounds like fi but in a lower position because of the high level of cynicism 2 . hahahah evil genius so intj i guess ;D 3 . a ) almost definitely untrue . b ) a sign of low self esteem not ... free personality test - highly accurate | see my personality this one has all the fun of mbti ( that is , getting a type name and a cool description of yourself ) but with more of the science :P ... op , have you got some example articles where you read this ? it sounds beyond the scope of where personality theory is in terms of the science , to my knowledge at least . but would love to see the ... this is a hard one . i guess : - write a book ( or more generally create something i will be remembered for , this is important to me ) - start and succeed at my own business ( probably storytelling and ... do you know any ? i would love if you described them for me , can you ? that sounds like a great set up lelila . mind sharing what your job is ? hm that's pretty interesting ! i think i'd like not having to use the phone as well :P that's pretty awesome '