' i'm a pothead and i've tried cocaine at couple of times , mdma , ecstasy , speed ... but i like pot the most . i don't know if it's the same with other esfjs but i'm really not the kind of person who gets ... well , it all depends how she feels about that job and how she feels about you . i don't think an esfj would say no to a job to be with someone s / he has a crush on . we don't like taking risks that ... i know . it seems in contradiction , but it makes sense to me anyway . i'm a fairly quiet person and i prefer working isolated than in groups , by far . it's just that being a performer seems so ... esfj . i got my ba in film studies and comparative literature . starting a master's in library science . dream job would be ... writer , lyricist , singer , filmmaker or actress ... or anything that ... my advice : take the job and show her that you love it . you've done your part , now stop asking for her approval and just do your thing . don't try to convince her , let your happiness convince her ... esfjs are istps ' supervisors . istps actually tend to be intimidated by esfjs because we use fe way better than they do . istps have fe as their inferior function , so they acknowledge its importance ... esfj atheist . raised as a christian but never really went to church , or prayed . fascinated by buddhism . well , i don't think anyone finds it easy to stay concentrated on something that bores them . i have adhd . adhd is easier to identify than add because it's more than concentration problems . ... adhd / add maybe ? this is a subject i'm really interested in . i'm trying to determine if some types tend to change more when growing up , and what could possibly be the cause of this . you're welcome to share your ... yeah , you're probably an sj , then . esfjs ' tertiary function is ne , so we do have intuition , even though intuition as we commonly know it has little to do with intuition in mbti . you can be ... be blunt . my ex was an isfj . if i hadn't kissed him , he would've never gotten the hint . philosopher persona : philosophers love being creative with their ideas . they have active imaginations and love exploring anomalies and sometimes scientific curiosities in the physical world ... i couldn't have said it better . when talking to intuitives , i often find myself thinking : how is that relevant ? what does that have to do with anything ? the funny thing is , intuitives ... yes and no . arrogant : no . actually , it's the exact opposite . when i'm under a lot of stress , i start to believe i'm utterly incompetent and i blame myself for anything bad that ever happens . ... istps are much easier to read . intps are easier to read than xntjs , but most of the time they don't really show emotion . the thing is , though , i don't really feel the need to read intps because ... it totally does . there is barely any logic in political preferences , anyway ; it's mostly about values . ( even though , as a french canadian , i can't understand how anyone in their right mind would want ... as a fe dom , i completely disagree . that sounds more like se . what you're describing is impulsiveness . when i get angry , i let it boil inside for a very long time without externalizing it . but boy , ... i heard having problems dealing with change can be fairly common among esfjs , but i've never felt like it was particularly hard for me , or any esfj i know . of course , i like some form of routine , ... dude , what . i'm an esfj feminist specialized in the deconstruction of gender binaries . i'm not fucking bubbly . i'm an intellectual . enough with that kind of bias . thanks googoodoll for saying ... esfjs and intps are usually great friends ! we've got the same main functions , only not in the same order , so we're similar but different enough to keep each other entertained . esfjs will try to make you feel good , they'll get you to talk about yourself and make you like them until the relationship is ripe . then they'll either wait for you to make the first move , or be ... xstjs and xstps have the best chance of surviving , i believe . i think xstjs might eventually die in a crazy attempt to save a loved one , though . xsfjs would last for a while but would probably let ... i'm excellent at it when the person has normal emotional responses . by normal i mean the ones shared by the majority of people . i'm bad at reading nts , though - - not because they're more complex ... it isn't , though . he hasn't made a decision yet . which is why i'm trying to figure out the best way to communicate with him . i don't know where i messed up , but it seems like i didn't voice my ... if i cared that much about getting my job back , i wouldn't ask for a two-months vacation . what's bugging me here is not really the fact that i'll be losing my job , but the fact that we can't find an ... well , jobs are hard to come across . especially jobs that pay that well and look that good on a resume . i've been on mimimum wage for way too long to ever want to go back . and it's not just me ... esfjs tend to be reluctant to mbti at first . i know i was . you just have to explain how it can help her in a concrete way to appeal to her sensing . tell her it'll help her to read / understand people ... i met my infp friends though forums , i think that's the best way ! glad we agree . i know 4 intjs ( yeah , a lot ) and about 6 esfps . that i know of , at least , because esfps are very common ( that being said , i only know 1 other esfj ) . i don't like stereotypes ... well , i'm hoping to violently destroy any stereotype people might hold against esfjs . or against any type , for that matter . just kidding . i'm an esfj . i don't do violence . i'll just send love to ... is this a trick question ? taking over the forum , of course . well , right now it just seems like a vendetta . it sounds way more like a threat than a reasonable decision . i am going to take those two months off ; you really want to see me fired because of it ? ... well , it's not logic , it's theory . mbti claims esfj / isfp are the best match . isfps ' lives tend to be quite messy , so esfjs offer counterbalance . nurturing is not about warmth , it's about providing ... haha , you really are an esfj . that's exactly how i felt , too . we tend to have long relationships and are so used to work towards something that a situation like this almost feels like a terrible ... welcome , riftswrx . it's great to have another esfj onboard . my ex is an isfj . esfjs and isfjs are meant to be best friends : esfj's perfect match is isfp . the issue with a esfj / isfj couple is that you both want to protect and nurture each other , yet neither ... hi ! first of all , a little disclaimer : i love entjs and haven't had any problems with them yet . except with my boss , who's an asshole . i was hoping someone here could help me out . he's a ... i don't know about you guys , but infps make me feel amazing . they like to compliment in a very free way , and it's like they're in awe before my ability to handle a conversation with ease and to ... i think it is . i don't know much about functions yet , so it's kind of hard to explain ... for a start , judging types tend to be more self-critical than perceiving types , because performance is ... i'm not letting my personal taste dictate my typing . i don't dislike sansa . she's just not an esfj . but there are so few esfjs on this forum ( and therefore , a global lack of understanding of what ... i think that if you can get her interested in mbti , it would be a great start . before knowing about it , everytime i faced a problem with someone , i would think : if they were in my shoes , they'd ... it's true that closed-mindedness can be a problem among esfjs , who tend to over-align with the popular opinion . however , any esfj that is reasonably smart notices this tendency and tries to go ... i have trouble believing that ... aren't you just being too harsh on yourself ? i think that's a common trait among esfjs . it's not so much about self-esteem than about independence . sjs are usually very driven , they know what they want and aren't scared to go and get it . about your gif , i mean , seriously , how could ... i'd say you're right . esfjs are like chameleons ; when we meet new people , we have a tendency to mimic their expressions , posture , accent ( this is especially true for esfjs with strong musical ... i can't deny it , even though i do wish i was less sensitive . i guess what i'm trying to say is that yes , we're sensitive , but we're not damsels in distress . and i'm obsessed with the gif in your ... i generally don't get along with esfps . i have trouble getting along with estps , entjs and intjs ( even though intjs and entjs usually like me ; for estps , it's the opposite , i have nothing against ... i noticed that on this forum , esfjs are often reduced to their stereotype , and since we're very few of our type on here , most of the time we don't get the opportunity to set anything straight . ... help . i took 3 different tests , and got a different result each time : eclectic energies enneagram test results : 1w2 eclectic energies enneagram test with instinctual variant results : 3w2 ... '