' intj descriptions matches me perfectly . every test i take is intj . i know i'm intj ( what really counts ) . being so introspective , i think every intj knows they are intj if they drop all the ... while i am inclined to agree with the rest of the comments here , personally if you can prove to me that you've changed ( everyone does eventually ) , i can always give another chance . but you first ... in my teens i was very assertive . now in my late 20s i'm very value driven . it could be how developments work , ni > te > fi . while it seems to ring true for my case i don't know how far this can ... love is an abstract concept that first need to be defined within your understanding to be able to make any sensible comment . however , within my own context , i don't think love for food is anywhere ... esfps are generally easy people to deal with for me . generally creative and fun to hang out with . they make great friends to go out with when i do decide to get out of my cave . however , i wouldn't ... this kind of problem happens a lot to intx types i think . i still get very irritated by people who cannot make rational / logical arguments ( note : even feeling types can make rational arguments ) ... double post entp are trolls , every forum troll you see are entps ( joking ) . they debate about everything without actual belief / substance . they debate to explore ideas . they are not very effective sort of ... well said . most people don't understand that poverty and wealth are reciprocal terms . to be wealthy is the cause of poverty and vice versa . often people would ask the question how do we eliminate ... being patient implies that significant amount of time needs to be spent , and getting intj time is a privilege . this is probably because we are in our heads all the time , or perhaps we had too many ... lmao that's kinda true . especially if i'm thinking something in my head ( all the time ) i can fail to grasp hints and just give a straight answer . however if i'm actively looking for motives , i can ... i'm most definitely science ( the methodology ) oriented . i can only imagine doing scientifically related fields as my career ( s ) . although i still enjoy arts like music , photography etc . i'm not as ... being in a relationship with a high f user helped me to mature into a more balanced person . it can be annoying at times but certainly worth it . glad you are not mad . no one denied it . i was using it to demonstrate the idiocy of using single isolated examples to make general conclusions . quoted below : sensational seems like you're mad . running away sentences and such . wow people took the avatar example so seriously . i never said you cheated ... calm down . even if you did , i wouldn't care any ... the reason i agreed to work with him is because he promised me land access if i would help him with his business . the business is mostly building management but with opportunities to expand in many ... dogsoup lmao you're asking me when you were the one who proposed said criteria ? and no , you misunderstand . when i said i was going to be nicer i only meant that i was going to spend a little ... by that logic , i suppose i'm typing all fools as enfjs next . - - - actually since you're gen z , i'm going to be a bit nicer . no , i do not type all cheaters as estps . that would be ... most of the time i simply get frustrated . all that will happen is that i become quiet and stop talking . sometimes however , i'm forced into responding , and that's when i can blow up in true ... just type them . thanks for pointing that out that she doesn't give a damn about my hurt feelings over her big pink middle finger . you see , my statement about estps weren't that far off . neither do i judge a ... i don't need to pretend to know estps . i especially don't need to know a specific subtype of estp ( 30 + years married ) . because the topic in question is which type is most likely to cheat , and in ... sorry i'm really not taking a personal jab at you . i was stating my observations that infj types tend to give the benefit of the doubt to everyone around them . while making them very pleasant people ... your whole argument is that estp will never pay for these services so they will not cheat . if cheating can only exist in those scenarios , then maybe you have an argument . and we are talking ... wow so much commitment to kiss and leave a note everyday . i'm impressed . :d ry : throwing a bunch of arguments about prostitutes and club market isn't related to cheating . going to a prostitute without being in a committed relationship isn't cheating . going to strip clubs ... estp are most likely to cheat as they live in the moment and never care about what their actions are going to result . they also don't give a damn if people are hurt by their cheating . this is both ... if you don't give a damn don't farm post counts in my thread . i'm not even generalizing these traits as all estps how can you even use stereotype in this thread is beyond me . i'm saying : i also never generalized any of those traits i elaborated as ... hi estps , do you have intj friends or relationships ? if so how do you make it work ? forcing an intj to fe all the time is dangerous indeed . very quickly you'll have a burnt out intj planning how to rid all humans with a bang ! that's why i asked what are you memorizing for ? if you can't be bothered , it must not be important enough / used often enough to be remembered permanently . indeed fe is always at the center of our conflicts . she often finds that i just don't care enough about the people around me ( lack fe ) . she often make conjectures based on my outward expression ... ideally at 9pm . i can do 8P m sometimes . recently my body clock is fucked due to traveling from one end to the other end of the world , but this will resume soon . literally at the very first line , running through my head i knew this was going to be a who cares kinda conflict . the conflict between infp and pretty much every other type is that no other type ... i'm a 5am sort of morning person . i want to get up early enough so that i can get my shits done before anyone can bother me . it's awesome when i get the whole day's task done by 9am , then i have the ... intps are highly abstract thinkers . probably higher than intj . they don't generally analyze theories , they make them . intps have theories for everything , some of it right , some of it wrong , some of ... everyone is changing with the world all the time . that said for a more typical answer to such question : yes i'm working towards changing the fundamental way our society works . past few years have ... did one really long time ago . was 140 + , but it doesn't count for shits . i still make really stupid mistakes all the time . i'm really slow at learning artistic based stuff like dancing . my ... for me it's more of a question if you still want to be a human . not eating or sleeping is a large step towards becoming a machine . i especially like to eat with my loved ones so there's that . ... these kind of emotions will pass . soon enough he'll get used to the new ( or old ) norm and continue to churn away . i'd say keep the routine , routine and all is well . intjs with strong fi ( me ) generally have very idealistic / value centric motives behind everything they do . the fervor of my cause can be equal to that of an infp , especially when challenged . ... i understand your argument that god's world may follow a different set of laws and that our laws do not apply there . in our current world , it is probably true that most phenomenon can be traced back ... i suspected npd or borderline before i learned about mbti . honestly he could probably be a bit of both being unhealthy estp and having personality disorder . really your friend is identical to my ... i know an estp that will talk for 12 + hours non stop , repeating the same shallow topic over and over again for 4 ~ 6 times in a row . let me outline my problem with this type : my father is an estp . he is the one of the most shallow person i've ever met . he claims that at the age of 30 , he finally discovered his purpose of life ... remember we are talking about biblical god here . while i'm not an expert on the christian faith , i rarely hear or read that biblical god is evidenced in nature . the flaw in your example is that ... i have pretty darn good memory . nothing specific like se , but i remember processes pretty well . for example , i can troubleshoot a computer through a phone without a reference computer in front of me , ... just by giving it a name supernatural doesn't make you know something . so is my infinite cat named ben . ben is a cat that is defined as follows : ben does not have a beginning and it does not ... difficult to say unless a statistical significant survey is done . '