' introverts battlecry i never learned the art of verbal foreplay as an introspective introvert socializingx 85 will never be my forte but heyx 85 maybe someday ... wex 92ll eventually connect perhaps ... negative because you're no longer living up to their expectations ? negative because they're unable to accept you're desire to make progress in things that interest you ( and probably not them ) ? ... hello fellow infj's . it's been a while since i've logged in and it's been even longer since i've posted anything . below is a blog that i wrote back in march ' 12 and posted on another site . i've ... don't feel lonely cause ... http://fc02.deviantart.net/fs16/p/2007/163/4/49c34ecd283bb7c2.jpg : wink :: happy : coming to grips with my past . it was hard . i don't feel like what i did was so evil . i just feel like the way i was living and my mentality was part of my progression to be a man . tupac shakur i came across this quote that essentially changed my life : you must do everything that frightens you . everything . ix92m not talking about risking your life , but everything else . think about ... with the exception of kanye's lyrics ( i ignore his part ): http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rbo9QlcLcX8 not written by me , but i thought i'd share : the invitation oriah mountain dreamer canadian teacher and author it doesn't interest me what you do for a living i want to know what you ache ... i would say figure out what your passionate about , look at what is in demand , and try to find a job that provides balance between your passion and your desired income ( if possible ) . i took a job ... i have conversations with a good friend about this all the time . i told her i'm frustrated with trying to help people , especially my family , and they don't want to listen . she pretty much told me , ... yep , i agree . accepting yourself for who you are ( i think ) is key to overcoming insecurities . the thing i'm finding myself resorting to when needing to build my confidence is self-recognition . i look at the good things i do / did for people and try build their confidence ( as i've found that ... as a career ( as in 20 + years ) ? haha , well as i said , most people ( at least one's i've asked ) say no . but w / e floats your boat . at the end of the day , it shouldn't be about money . it's an extreme example that i pose to people who are unsure which route to go ( money vs . helping people vs . < insert comparison here > ) . would ... “ when there is freedom from mechanical conditioning , there is simplicity . the classical man is just a bundle of routines , ideas , and traditions . if you follow the classical pattern , you are ... not at all : happy : this vid is actually the first time i've ever shared this piece . the volume is a little low so you might have to turn your speakers up . who am i warning : there is some ... my outlet for stress is physical activity which typically involves weight lifting . as for the people that annoy me , i don't bother . they're not worth my time / energy . as far as revenge goes , i ... going to open mics and reciting the things i write . after reciting a piece titled who am i , i've had strangers approach me and extend their hand to shake mine . word aren't exchanged , but i know ... pain is temporary . it may last a minute , or an hour , or a day , or a year , but eventually it will subside and something else will take its place . if i quit ; however , it lasts forever . - lance ... taken from the favorite quotes thread : all of us are born for a reason , but all of us don't discover why . success in life has nothing to do with what you gain in life or accomplish for yourself ... a good lover isn't someone who romances a different women every night . a good lover is someone who romances the same woman for a lifetime . - unknown u200ein life , what more can you ask for than to be real ? to fulfill one ’ s potential instead of wasting energy on attempting to actualize one ’ s dissipating image , which is not real and an expenditure of ... you must do everything that frightens you . everything . ix92m not talking about risking your life , but everything else . think about fear , decide right now how youx 92re going to deal with fear , because ... that's life . people are always going to talk about you . what you need to do is not care about what they say or think . do they pay for your things ? do they go to sleep w / your problems ? do they ... from personal experience , by taking it one day at a time . writing how i felt down in a journal / diary and eventually finding creative / constructive outlets . i think being cheated on / used / lied to was ... it's been a while since i've shared , but here are some of the latest vid's i put together : never warning : i drop the f ' bomb towards the end on this one : daydream w / a twist of reality and ... currently reading - reality bites back : the troubling truth about guilty pleasure tv , by jennifer l . pozner likewise . i wish i was given this advice years ago too ! it's really helpful . thanks for posting ! trying to force things out of your life ( i think ) isn't going to work . i've tried it and eventually , memories , past pain , etc came back to haunt me . as mentioned previously , you should find a way ... i've heard people say there is no time like the present , but never finish . thanks posting this . very enlightening . liommai ... that's a good institute . i frequent that place often . haven't read through the entire thread , but for comedy i'd say check out great teacher onizuka . that was by far the funniest anime i've ever seen . another good one i'd recommend is samurai ... i'm in the same boat as you , but have you checked out meetup.com ? you can find people who have similar interests . i've gone to a few meetup groups and it's been hit or miss for me . some groups are ... not sure if this qualifies as irrational , but my biggest fear is having my heart broken . from my experience , there isn't a person you can talk to , any amount of alcohol you can drink , or any drug ... what time ? i think i might be in la that weekend , but if it's early enough i might be able to make it . whoa ... i really like this a lot . should i credit you as the source ? thank you : blushed : : happy : . i'm glad you liked it . it takes a lot for me to get up there and share the things i ... link to pics of my tats : http://personalitycafe.com/infj-forum-protectors/14501-infj-short-stories-poetry-120.html#post872302 the link to the youtube video in that thread is dead , but here's a ... wow ... again i relate ! just be yourself ! if people have a problem with it , that's their problem . i know that's easier said than done , but i feel you'll achieve a greater degree of happiness ... please don't do this towards the end of june / beginning of july ! ! i'll go for sure if it's not scheduled around that time . part 2 of my broken heart saga . i blanked out halfway through :D ... good times for sure . [ warning ] there is a slight profanity in the video [ warning ] the end by harm 0nize i'm really starting ... part 1 of 2 where i discuss my recent saga of dealing w / a broken heart . it's been behind me for a while now , but i only recently decided to go to an open mic to share . i titled it self created ... ooops ... wrong thread . let me know when your book comes together . i'm looking forward to it ! =) i swear ... people make me feel like there's something wrong w / me because i don't do all of the cool stuff like getting piss drunk and losing the the next day because they're recovering from a ... as i read your piece , this line blew me away : as a graveyard in my head i bury my mind . i enjoyed reading the remainder of it as well . thank you for posting ! : happy : i would be interested in hearing you're writings on these topics . you never know ... i or someone on this forum could relate to the experience you describe in your poetry . even if a person can't ... wow ... really powerful and compact . definitely enjoyed this piece ! very true . i've recited at different venues all over southern california and each environment is extremely supportive for regulars , but even more so for new comers . people that attend open mics , ... i thought the same thing , but look what happened . i'm sure you can do something like this . start off in a small group and work your way up . or you could be like me and begin by starting on a stage ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rPDYdLvva18 prison cell by harm 0nize how can i can describe you ? to me ... your like a breath of fresh air . from the way you no makeup '