' we are all drawn to strong feeling of excitement . dangerous situations like that are one of the ways to get it . when you feel tired everytime you part . to begin with , there is not really a problem or an exact question . but i'd like too see what people think of it from distance . i'd like to make sure i'm not missing something . it's about my ... i've got mine by artist -> album , and japanese separated from the rest . doesn't see any reason to change it honestly ... i know mu music so well that once i want to listen to something , i already know ... clairetic , haha , great answer ! laughed my ass off :D you delve too deep into it . smiley is just a casual remark made without thinking , and often doesn't carry much meaning . smileys and kisses more or less mean the same in casual conversation , both show ... the constant problem with infps is that we always need to be sure that we take a path in our life that is right to our beliefs and defines how we are . problem is that we tend to think that things ... freedom may also carry a meaning of having no bounds that restrict you and put a pressure on you . a relationship require certain degree of involvement and can put infp ill at ease , making him worry ... wow , drastic measure ... rather a hit or miss for me .. yep , defenitely ... rather stick to things like casual walk , casual talk , and stay away from things that could put him under some pressure , ... as people above said , the sole fact that you are interested in him , show some kind of affection and act friendly is a big thing for him . infps tend to dramatically undervalue themselves to the point ... fhreed - same for me , i sometimes have those thoughts how could i be if i were born a girl . and i always choose a female character too :D minkaybell i don't exactly feel uncomfortable with my gf , it's quite opposite , but still , that overthinking is there . but really thank you for the advice , i think it might just be the key - ... lothweneriniel responsibility , good word here - that thing where you feel like every thing you do will have serious consequences and you just have to do it right . maybe in other places it's like when someone reads a post , and feel like ( s ) he have the feelings and opinions , they just go ' yeah yeah , i already know that ' , and move along . when we see a post that ... bottes yes , for me it does seem completely out of this world and strange , when my love says to me how she is happy that she've got someone so wonderful like me . it's totally unrealistic that i could ... dalsgaard i've heard good things about tool , but you totally got me to download this album :D and one more thing in the topic : as far as i've been thinking about this , it's not like i really ... it would be boring :P i'm not sure if it's a typical infp thing , but when it comes to me , i tend to overthink almost every single thing i do . it's like no matter what i do , especially when it comes to dealing with ... i had some really positive opinions on my essays ... but they are in polish unfortunately , so it's pointless to share . but yes , i think infp are generally good for writing ... just need to be in a ... guess what .. we are literally healers ;) whole article on cracked.com oh god , i lost track of how many times we've kissed during those 3 hours . unbelievable . it's kinda like : ' there's no way they are gonna understand my reasoning .. or whatever ' . i act whatever it takes to be accepted ( or just have peace of mind , and don't be bugged ) , but i don't feel ... seconded . not possible though ; _ ; no , even better - a lovely infp :D oh , and another dream : to go to concerts of all the wonderful artists i want to see i love you for being a very positive and honest person here . every time i see you here is like a shining light . really :D thing i love about myself ? distance awesome thread , by the way . most dreams i have are the impossible ones ( typical infp ;d ) ... when it comes to the realistic ones ... well , not much - finish college and find a well-paid satysfying job , have my own pretty house , ... i try to keep somewhat clean , but once in a while i rage about the mess around me , then it gets squaky clean for a while . overally , though some people see it as a mess , i keep an organized mess - ... think for yourself . question authority . throughout human history , as our species has faced the frightening , terrorizing , fact that we do not know , who we are , or where we are going in this ocean ... the funny fact is : geohot already told them that he does not support any form of those attacks , and told them to stop . anyway , sony ( and probably other companies too ) learned their lesson :) not really into this , happened to see some fights , and depending on contestants can be pretty good , but can be totally mediocre and boring . whatever suits your boat . better than fighting on a street , ... i like emoticons , i don't like to overuse them though . my favourite is : e , which presented with 16264 most awesome i've seen is ┐ ( ￣ ー ￣ ) ┌ http://images.similarminds.com/leader/6.jpg oh my ... too bad :P yes you do . :P http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rr7Pd9MWCjg album version is awesome too . i want to dance everytime i hear this . go for a hug ! :D about the touching and hugging thing , i think that we only hug those people we want to open emotionally to . warm and long hug is an expression of a trust , openness for emotions , and friendly love ... when it comes to hugs and pictures , there is no better picture than that http://i.imgur.com/yzIZR.jpg i love hugs too , but i'm a lucky guy to have an infp to hug with . defenitely one of those feelings when you want to stop the time and stay like that forever . and yes , it kinda develops a bubble of ... ok , now you called the nice guy here http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=woySeSNBL3o pages keep coming ( we are already on 21 ) and you can't do anything about it . face it . hahahaha by the way , you are helping us in gaining more pages . you are sabotaging yourself :P practice actually doesn't mean too much . overally , i think infp's have a natural talent for writing ( as i've seen some good ones ) . for me , quality of my writings depend on how much i cared about ... so emotional .. it somehow catches me as infp song http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oKo8Czj112I ok , we are going for 21 pages :D i consider myself a really nice guy . i rarely go bad for people ... though i sometimes think i'm too nice , like totally soft . same for me . it looked like a pretty friendly place , so i though it won't hurt to hang out here really good writing style . i used to write like that , but then suddenly lost my force ; x keep it up , i can't give you good feedback about grammar ' cause i'm not native speaker , but couldn't spot any ... that's what i think . even if this wouldn't work out , it won't hurt to try , i guess :D i can't imagine being with anyone than her really ... generally , i think i would have hard time getting into ... i think it depends on the tests . there is a polish enneagram website , where i always score 4w5 ( which is correct for me ) , but on enneagramquiz.com i scored everything but that . i have a hard time ... i've had a dear , very close infp friend for 6 years . even though we called ourselves ' friends ' , we were so close we probably looked like couple , but never did cross the line . she had been with ... sleep , lazyness , forums oh god , don't know what to say ... i hope you can get through this . we are with you . '