' that was both slightly scary and encouraging . i feel things matter and that everything is meaningful though . at the same time i do like appreciating insignificance and you know , not freaking out ... as an infp female i understand your situation however i was needing a mate / interested in finding someone . the thing is , ' dating ' is stupid to a lot of infps . it didn't satisfy our need for a real ... hello . i'm just interested in sharing a few new issues / getting advice ... actually i'm horribly nervous to be posting on a forum , which is different about me since i used to be top poster / moderator ... i always said i wasn't artistic , and everyone told me i was wrong , that i just didn't see it . i still doubt my abilities , but after i ran away from home and was out of state and out of things to do , ... i'm changing you to esfj because you weren't perceptive enough to see that my signature leads to a forum for introverts yet you typed me as an extrovert . : wink : esfp because your logic . : crazy : also because your avatar is male but you're female and it doesn't seem very j unless infj but no , esfp it shall be . : kitteh : hehe , i was surprised to find this here . to be honest , i am not sure what i clicked to get here . i think i was just trying to view someone's conversation from their wall posts or something ... i wrote a random rant the other day to some of my introvert friends ... i don't think half of them understood , hehe . it seems rather infp sounding . i feel so full of potential that it's just too ... why does it seem like everyone's a is red ? my letters feel way different than everyone else's . a = yellow b = goldenrod c =p ink D= orange-yellow e = orange f = red-orange g = black or dark blue ... i totally did all my work on time or early ! also cleaned my room , and showed some punks who's boss . goodness emotions are weak . i haven't been able to understand a single thing lately . people have ... anyone ever seen these ? http://oddlydevelopedtypes.com/infp_survival infp http://oddlydevelopedtypes.com/infj_survival infj http://oddlydevelopedtypes.com/intp_survival intp ... lately , i've realized i don't think i'll ever shake the infp attraction . my ex fiance ( he left me because of my depression ) was an infp and after that i said whatever type is fine , as long as ... thanks . makes sense . he always tells me that it bothers his how his parents won't let him be when he is depressed , and i try not to be too ' pry'ish , too . i am pretty good at that , and at listening ... couldn't agree more ! : crazy : hi . i am an infp . i am extremely close to this istj boy , when my infp fiance left me a month and a half ago , this istj boy ( who has been my friend for over a year ) immediately took to taking care ... how do you talk ? i don't . : tongue : not when i don't have to , anyway . i am very socially anxious . when i do , it's usually because i have to , and in response to something , which i try to limit ... 68164 i am an infp . neat . we have too many sjs and need to balance it with more nps , haha . thanks , you're welcome , and thanks for that advice ! : happy : i just wanted to promote a forum my other infp friend started . i do not want to get in trouble so i am posting it here , where spam is expected . introvert island ( forum ) - index page it is ... sorry i am not an sp , but as an nf i can say i value most of those things ... i am not really all that into freedom , or experience from a value standpoint , though . well , maybe experience ; i don't ... ja , traum . it's german for ' dream , ' the noun . i usually like to go by träumerin ( dreamer , female ) but this site couldn't handle umlauts when i joined . : tongue : hehe . being a dreamer infp , i like it ... i am an infp , but i am also a syneasthete , which kind of gives me an unfair advantage . i just picked up german in 10th grade in a class . the teacher said a grammar tip , and i immediately just knew ... could it just be a preference for outgoing types that makes them easier to talk to ? as a shy , introverted girl , my inxp boyfriend and i would always talk calmly and nicely to each other before we ... you sound much like an extrovert . entp most likely . be careful not to scare off your feeler boyfriend xd and what's this about being unhealthy ? funny , istps do that to me . : tongue : from a reverse perspective , i as an ne aux find much in common with isfps . sometimes they are too ' stubborn ' for me though , as in , they almost refuse to see ... interesting that people are mentioning t types . i never thought of it that way before , but i suppose i do see a lot of t-types be critical of their work like school work or their job . i feel infps ... hey , you seem really neat ! welcome ! : kitteh : ~ infp friend . * waves * i don't know what to do . i've been avoiding it all along , too afraid to do it ( and i normally love a good essay ) . the assignment is the following : pretend you're a finalist for some huge ... goodness ... i understand you . he cheated on you and you need to feel validated . you're right , he shouldn't have . even he admits , he shouldn't have . i understand not being able to forget , even if ... being so borderline ( 1994 ) , i can agree to this . the 1995 kids are turning 18 now ; time to give them a group . ... when you're about to-wow , when did this site turn so white ? ... when a creeper blows you up because a ladybug flew by your window and you got up to look at it . i heard this song on the radio the other day . despite normally disliking mainstream music , i can't stop listening to this . i'm in a long distance relationship and he recently drove 700 miles and ... i'm very shy , so i don't make eye contact . i am not sure if this applies to all introverts , because not all introverts are shy . no problem . and it's okay . also , i think infps are also pretty rare , although there seems to be a lot of them on this forum . and don't worry ; you'll come to figure it out eventually . : happy : hey , what's all this about not being deep or special enough to be an infj ? infps are deep and special too . i can't tell which you are . you seem sentimental like an infp and organized like an infj ... entp : ? intp : 10 entj : ? intj : 2 enfp : 8 infp : 10 enfj : 8 infj : 10 hehe , aw ! : happy : yes , i do realize how incredibly fortunate i am to have found such a good friend and partner , thank you . :p roud : and i'm also available for friendship if you want to talk ... just purely from the imagination he has , i'd say infx . does he talk to people ? real people ? if he only associates with the ones he's imagining , then i'd say he's an introvert . even if they later ... last march ( 2012 ) is when i began dating my fiance . we met in late december 2011 on a forum for introverts . we talked there a lot , and discussed mbti and psychology and suchlike things . i've always ... i used to want a career in psychology until i learned how long you had to attend school . now i am in college for architecture and , well , college is hard . an infj can probably do it better than a ... well , not to inspire the competition , but through google is one way to do it . : laughing : i wouldn't know the exact details of it , but my fiance and i have a blog , which is in my signature below , and ... i used to be really into all sorts of video games , but for the past year , i've pretty much played only minecraft on a regular basis . i suffer from extreme depression and this just made me so much happier xd hi , infp here visiting the intp forum . i have grapheme-color synaesthesia , too . i understand what you mean by uncertainty of some and certainty of others . i can't tell if my thursday is orange or ... i have grapheme-color synaesthesia as well as other types . i know much about it as well , if you wanted to know anything specific . absurd in which way ? definitely sounds like synaesthesia . i do all that too . the op really sounded like i do; especially the memory part . i have synaesthesia . do you see letters as colors ? 58994 my cousins who are brothers are enfp and istj , and they hate each other . now , i am an infp and my best friend in high school was an estj , but looking back on it now , we would never have worked out in ... to make just a short interjection : i don't think sensors are inherently ' stupid ' or incapable of thinking . i think an extremely self-aware sensor may actually learn better than some intuitors . i ... '