' green girl excellent - thank you - how to get an intj to care about people - or perhaps , what does intj care look like ? - what is this confusion in new places ? - can you read people ( similar to infj ) , depending if you want ? ... i dreamed you are entp infp - if you first accept all opinions here , then shortly after begins a new round of doubts . intp - if you refuse to accept any opinions here , then shortly after begins a new round of doubts , ... sorry to state the obvious company line , and infp was missing . as se huge percievers ( esp ) you are looking and taking in much more than others . esfp woman , sitting outside and talking , she is ... well that was below the belt quiet and practical - crazy - then back to quiet what in the world makes isfj - the most likely to become a doormat ? such quiet people ... were do you get your explosive and unpredictable rage ? how can male infj make a successful relationship with istp female ? how can male infj make a successful relationship with istp female ? has anybody checked out and confirmed if there is anything to the x93communicationwheelx94 by dr . dick thompson ? u200e he claims to have built upon flavil yeakley who published in 1982 , an article in ... i am surprised ! i understand you have emotions - but i thought they played a much lesser role in decision making ntp thinking , informing , structure focus i am surprised that motives are also ... i have my values line . are you describing crossing an intellectual line ie ; idiot in conversation , uninteresting , unimaginative etc ? you sound like my old english lit teacher i was searching for what the person meant by the answer was if the person was considered dangerous they got dropped ... i asked for a cleare ... thank you . i seem to get along good with intp as we open up a number of associated ideas and generally deal with most of them thank you . do you mean dangerous as in ; ne - boring type ? i could pop a few more guesses , but dangerous has connotations which probably differ from my ideas i recall hearing years ago that ... do isfj get along with istj as they have some things in common , or does their fe not mix well ? perhaps he is like the old cod liver oil , he is practical and could keep your feet on the ground - so its good for you do intp have a greatter tendancy to drop people for what reason ? try a crowbar if that doesn't work try a half nelson true . but , very interesting , is that intj / entj infj / enfj - are the ni , which is the personalized unseen framework which pops an entire system complete into your mind , with the accompanying ... introvert as any of the functions , is a general category of 8 types , often on a gradient , and very often within the same type there will be a big varience of expressed behaviours . 1 ) as a general ... but what is your concious motivation for this ? love of knowledge , or hatred of appearing to not know . in dr quenks book she brings the example of intj in a foreign location getting disorientated my observation was how it seems to me an intj association especially with their outter projects as ... if so what is the mechanics of what is going on ? i think this interaction accurately describes my love / hate relationship towards intj ! are you - itsmyhead haleyraerose the band , or the roadies ? a big thank you ! i seem to hear that a common , or the commonest reason for a lack of confidence by intj is related with what they consider by their high standards as a failing in the outter world , ... 1 = 1 makes the math much more simpler generally - open ended questions he is productive in a ni way . j single-minded not squelched in school or at home 25 just married ( don't tell me that is the reason ! ) try painting instead racheli ___ truelane twolayne raulan trilli rue d'laine if you have a long nose , and the next time he calls you attila - drop him i was told by an entj , when i was struggling with te , that i was being square unbeliveable ! in a mb book , brought by otto kroeger ; she pointed out that the introverts store and save up their emotions . extraverts gradually release them , so it does not get to toxic levels . i ... do entj always think in answers of three ? most seem to have three fingers ready to count off their 3 catagorized answers do you consciously push fi away , or ahead of time it just doesn't show up so often ? try trading him in for two esfp if you remain on the barbeque , then you will not be rare , rather a job well done . you are true ! i should have this background basic info - i was trying to help in a-non-involved way thank you nothing wrong with being a learning machine ... if the kid is also nt , but if he is sp ! ! ! they now have a new test , you have to get from them a stool sample do color-blind people see only a white page here ? what exactly is bothering you ? it is so uncommon it would be a waste to discuss it if you do not yet monitor your own feelings , forget about others , and until then - only use post-dated cheques istj ! only they would go so far as to not remain undefined i am sorry , but for some unexplicable - but cogent personal reason , i refuse to speak any scotish . with you or your cassie fine , i conceed that an intp could be popular with an enfp and her pet cooie , but otherwise , generally not '