' do you know where the username and avatar originates from ? i speak , arabic , english and french . i learnt all three languages at the same time growing up , but my fluency level is different for each one . english - it's the language i'm best at , since i can ... a personality type does not get full developed until the age of 7 , according to what my behaviour analysis tutor told me during my masters . once a child reaches the age of 7 , then their personality ... i agree with everything starquill has said , the connection has to be strong for an estj to care enough about the relationship . once committed , the estj spends a lot of time and effort planning ... yeah , why don't you just swoop in and steal all my thanks ! : exterminate : hail penis ! low blow , but you're right . i'm surprised i've lasted this long on the forum ( around 12 days , new record ) . there are only 3 active estj's on perc ( including me ) , none are women as far as i have seen . i will contribute to the question , albeit i have a penis . i'm glad to say that many people think ... i joined this site because i moved to a different country where i am working full-time and studying part-time , resulting in no time being about to socialise , which perc helps in that regard . it is ... i'm an open book . you joined perc just before me , how are you finding it ? so i have been posting on this site for around 7-10 days . honestly , i am surprised at how much i actually enjoy this online social site . for those of you that have seen me around , what are your ... i'm good thanks , nice to meet you . are you a law or sciences / engineering student ? not sure how degrees are structured in the us ( i presume you're from the us ) . i follow the specification religiously ! i have in my position every type of measuring utensil there is ! :D the role is regulated by the institute of chartered secretaries and administrators ( icsa ) , they have branches throughout europe , cayman islands , bermuda , canada , australia , new zealand , singapore , ... i copied the description from wiki . a company secretary ensures that an organisation complies with relevant legislation and regulation , and keeps board members informed of their legal ... thanks ! i'm a company secretary / corporate secretary . i've been quite active on here since i'm on my holidays . working again starting tomorrow so unsure how active i will be from then on . go ahead and make all my decision for today . damn that was painful just to type ! : angry : oh i see . mine is also from a book called the name of the wind : happy : are you from france ? i ask because of your username being two flowers in french : happy : . i speak arabic , french and obviously english . welcome :) i recently joined too . i'm really enjoying personality cafe and i'm sure you will too . welcome :) i recently joined too . i'm really enjoying personality cafe and i'm sure you will too . i love cooking and baking , it's a hobby of mine . although i do get frustrated when the instructions for example say cooking time takes 30 minutes , and after 30 minutes it's not cooked , even after ... i think it comes down to priorities . since the xstj's reason for being busy is work related and other obligations already on his plate , then personal relationships come last , especially with the ... as a fellow estj , i thought i'd add a few words . normally , i wouldn't reply to threads like these but i'm bored at home at the moment and i've contributed to the other interesting threads that are ... i only have facebook because i'm in certain groups and have friends in the uk and elsewhere , other than that i don't use it whatsoever . still the thought of having people in my friends list that ... thanks pinina . i have glanced at both and had a read of a few posts , they are interesting threads . i'm glad to contribute , i am enjoying this site and a lot of estj's responses mirror my own ... i'm always on time or early and get really annoyed when someone is late . i like to know what the plan is for the day , and don't like it when someone says i don't know . if i tell myself i am ... i'm going to tell you a secret , but it's between me and you and everyone on this website ... okay here goes . you've just done what most people have done . that doesn't mean your choices were wrong , ... lonely , i'm mr . lonely i have nobody for my own i am so lonely , i'm mr . lonely wish i had someone to call on the phone happy new year ! just curious if there are any people from ireland on here ? i'm not surprised that i got estj , since i did the test previously a year ago . i will use my own personal experiences . i use to hate school and studying in general , i preferred sports at the time . my parents hired several tutors and i didn't give them my attention or respect , ... i wouldn't think so . if it's just the one kid that doesn't seem to care about authority or about their life , then there is little i could do . if someone doesn't want to learn or take something ... ah man that sucks ! for you :P one of my closest friends is an esfp , and she says the same : exterminate : i enjoy having esfp's around , since they get me out of my serious judging my environment ... after a while anyways . i like your efficiency . i think entp's tend to rebut what i say , just to see me get rattled and find it amusing . i secretly like it . i'm an estj , how do you deal with me ? : ninja : a hate having to repeat myself to be ignored , when the inevitable outcome is so obvious . therefore , on the assumption that i was ignored several times and my efforts were futile . i would wait for the ... mephisto pheles ... is that you ? if you took the official myer-briggs test , it should be accurate , why didn't it fit for you ? i will give it a look , thanks :) a little birdy told me this is the place to be if you're an estj ... we are a rare breed on the web apparently ! an estj that has an undergraduate degree in law and currently studying a masters degree in management and corporate governance . i am on a quest of understanding why i do certain things and to see whether my fellow estj's do the same . facebook i tend to go on a deleting spree every 3 months , since i hate having fake ... typical conversation about arranging a gathering . friend a ( phones friend b ): mate , you free ? we are having the lads over for some drinks and a game of monopoly . friend b : sorry , i'm too tired ... i agree with what was said . i don't buy clothes from retailers that other people shop in such as river island , topman , h & m . i tend to buy eton shirts , loake shoes , louis copeland suits and ted ... i wouldn't say i'm extremely bright , my family think so but families are biased . i have to work hard to learn things , although i do have a good memory and can sometimes remember full conversations ... i will do thanks ! i will have a read about istj's too , since i can be somewhat reserved when meeting people for the first time . although maybe i'm just cautious , since a lot of people annoy me . i feel special ! :P although i'm beginning to question why i'm not doing something in the real world ! : shocked : '