' pregnant . i've never liked hearing the word . bae and bru-bro . i always think that people who use those words are lazy or trying to be cool but are not . i dance . i like to drink and dance the most . i like big words and i can not lie . most of the time i use simple wording . there are some words that are considered big or fancy that i'm attracted to . if they are used in a conversation i perk up ... this is what i do too . if the argument or behaviour is ongoing and repetitive i push them out of my life . i do that because i think they either don't care or don't get it . i cry when i'm angry . also , when i had to put my dog to sleep . dog was better than most people i know . for me i normally tell the other person a problem or issue needs addressed . if no solution to my satisfaction is found i leave without saying a word . i have left notes behind . i've left romantic ... your intj was broken . there was no need to remind you of your ' education level ' ... shame on him for being an ' educated bully ' . not true . i'm an intj married to an intj and we have an emotional connection . the best relationships i've ever had are with other intj's ... q 1 = yes , they do have a different logical base then i do . estj drive me insane . they like to give speeches and rule lectures and bully . bleck q 2 = i am a normal woman . other women love to touch ... perhaps some should drink colon blow tea .. also known as dandelion tea .. detox the intestine =) he stormed into the office .. that sounds so very hostile . i wouldn't tell him because of that fact . i love music and now entertain myself with thoughts of what you might have been enjoying . =) when you receive a compliment from anyone say .. thank you . my mother is an esfp . we haven't spoken in years . i'm happy about it . =) deductive reasoning vs . inductive reasoning by livescience staff | july 10 , 2012 12:59 pm et 186 77 61 share 77 i have a new theme song . may you enjoy it . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=atBg9zLI2bA&list=PL255F47E3EC069F5A no ! you are not wrong . he made plans , he wanted to be alone but was hanging out with friends , and he never said peep to you . that is rude and tacky . you teach people how to treat you . good for you for collecting your ... it's shitty behavior to cancel plans already made . make no mistake about that . however , i do retreat for a few days to think about things and do not like any outside influence . your intj is being ... some who have taken the short order form on perc have taken the original and , much longer test that i give them . they get different scoring on the long test . i've noticed the younger people answer ... you're ... your welcome . run ! jealousy in any form is unhealthy . it seems you are allowing excuses for such lousy behavior . when an intj wants something .. we go get it . it sounds like your intj is immature or broken ... for ... chuck taylor ... couldn't help myself .. =) for me it's been bliss . it happens . most of friends are male . i'm attractive to most males but extra so to another intj . i get him . we both acknowledge the feelings and live with it . we behave . yes ! he is being an ass ! sounds overwhelmed by his feelings and isn't handling them very well . i've had similar experience with an intj who does that to me too . i asked him to write down what he ... mine is research . i read his work ! i haven't . i know sjs though ... clapping is a cultural thing .. i do it if something happens that i approve of . they get better in time . nt have humor . i try to find what kind of humor they have and lead with that . my intj male friend will make a funny face at me in public . if he knew what he looked like i'm ... i cried when : i broke my leg . my pet died . my pop pop died . ( only family i liked ) when i became highly frustrated while being interviewed by a time magazine journalist . he published my ... i've been with another intj for many years . i try to find those that fit my list of what i need / want in any type of relationship . the intj has filled that list the best . i build long term relationships with people . i get rid of those i see as hurtful or stupid ones . let them out or they will find ways to bubble over at the most awkward and inappropriate times . allow yourself to grieve for the loss of your friend . my best friend lives 4hrs away and i miss him , ... i've not seen kill bill . i do enjoy dexter . i find ways to let go of negativity . thinking and writing are positive ways of expressions for me . doesn't matter if the words are negative or positive ... not holding it in . perhaps , that is why there are so many pages . made me smile on the ' elegant plan ' ! peace and love to you , too . i have a drink and only with others i trust .. i laugh and feel good and am happy . sounds as if the alcohol he drinks lets loose the emotional cap we have on the feeling bottle . other intj's have been in my life the longest and i'm close to them more than any other type . i have to be pushed hard and often and then i will come out kicking ass ... ppl take my calm nature as whimp . they never see me coming . i think that sometimes it happens . all of the intj's that i know over think something simple . bbc news - europe's oldest prehistoric town unearthed in bulgaria found this interesting all is well with my soul ... logical building .. today , i'm building a storm shelter due to hurricane sandy . the shawshank redemption - hangover 1 - yuppers ! ! ! hug in public and you didn't let him compute you were going to latch on to his person . hold your hands out in the come to jesus position and that should warn him enough . that's what every ... he is into you . library , book store , music store , sporting events , and interesting ( not chains ) but local one of a kind restaurants or coffee / tea places . that's a truth ! ! ! i have only had decent long lasting relationships with other nt types . i prefer other intj's . '