' measurable and observable facts are essential to understand things in our consensual reality but experience with the unmeasurable and unobservable adds an extra level of knowledge . expanding your ... i agree that it will always be unknowable but if we learn ( or re-learn ) to use our brains to perceive outside our conditioned way of thinking and combine it with the scientific method we might learn ... all of it to varying degrees , but patience , focus and a resilient persistence lends itself to scientific pursuits ( and no doubt artistic ones ) . however , eventually you realise that your understanding ... not sure why people are still giving advice to someone who asked for it over three years ago and hasn't been active for over a year but ... dating is a process that would save people a lot of ... i helps in understanding yourself and others and facilitating interactions and relationships but ultimately it's all surface level stuff projected from an unnatural sense of self . if everyone ... eventually people , especially the one's with a longer attention span , will learn that you're the one to come to for some deeper knowledge and meaningful conversation . that's when you know what you ... entp's are like the summer ... stagnant , oppressive and overbearing . but seriously , they often seem to be running from themselves and unwilling to confront their core fears . we all do this to an ... as others have pointed out , time depends on perception . anything that can be measured doesn't exist until we measure it and perceive the results of that measurement . our brains are wired , or trained , ... you're getting too serious about nothing . just enjoy being around and learning about the opposite sex , regardless of their type . you have a lot of growth and changes to go through , and so does she , ... intuition is direct communication with the subconscious , where the self lies . the subconscious self contains pure knowledge , uncontaminated by anything outside of it . when the conscious mind , ... i agree with everything in these articles except this line : somehow , they manage to attract people to them . thanks for posting this , it's really interesting , particularly the last study . i've always felt able to perceive the physical sensitivities , spiritual urges , motivations , and intentions of other ... agreed . it shows you're not self-absorbed like so many are , which probably correlates with the increase in hook-up culture according to recent research on narcissism . i think it is still easier for the introverted girl . as others have pointed out here the extraverted traits - outgoing , assertive , adventurous , risk-taking - are also the masculine traits women are ... i'm the same way but those walls can be taken down . can't expect others to get through otherwise . this makes sense . our subconscious fears affect our conscious decisions . subconsciously we're thinking , if i do this i won't have to face that . part of understanding who you are involves facing ... don't take anything seriously now . just enjoy yourself without trying to fulfil anything . later when the prefrontal cortex of the brain is developed and you begin to really understand who you are you ... i find forums to be the best for online social networking . i tried the usual social media platforms and just couldn't feel comfortable or maintain interest - just too much ego promotion and external ... feel free to elaborate . it's always interesting to hear others ' perspectives on us . sometimes we need an ego boost . she took the advice a month ago , so it's resolved . but she should know that regardless of whether or not he finds another love he will never forget her . he will hold a place for her in his heart for ... your king awaits . oh ... um ... ahh ... yeah .. i was just ... hi . it may be because of human consciousness that love is an idea . our higher consciousness allows us to justify our actions , invent a concept as an excuse for our animalistic desires . good point . no it's not just you , that's everyone here . depends what you do on the date . it should be a fun activity , inexpensive and relaxed . not watching someone slurp soup across a table , sitting silently in a movie theatre or aimlessly ' hanging out ' ... would also help if people learned how to date again . why don't people date anymore ? the word gets used but often in the wrong context . someone told me recently that they're dating someone but i found ... many people go about discovering themselves this way , the trial and error method as i call it . ' discovering yourself ' means finding the true self buried in the subconscious . this is key before making ... the extreme sensory traits are the ones i don't have , like being irritated by clothing tags or certain sounds although i don't like loud noise in general . but that second one about isolating ... i agree with what other intj's have said . we're very careful about when we choose to let someone in . the more bad experiences we have the more careful we are . he sounds more like the extraverted , ... you will dream about things you're thinking about during the day and just before falling asleep . but closer to the end of you're sleep cycle before getting up in the morning you are likely to have ... one of my recent lucid dreams involved me only as an observer rather than participating , like watching a movie . i'm still trying to work out what i was being shown . the astral projection / obe / lucid ... i think i would have scored higher when i was younger too . i have since ' trained ' myself to be more neurotypical . for a long time i felt i had a lot of traits in common with asperger's , but not all . i did this test which is considered one of the most thorough : rdos.net/eng/aspie-quiz.php i scored right down the ... hi ! hey ! hello ! thankyou ! thanks , royolis , i will check that one out . i did see it when i was searching around but i assume they're all reasonably accurate so i'm sure i'll get the same result . hope ... sa here . for anyone interested , here's the one i used humanmetrics.com i just joined and was going to do the 16 type quiz but the link goes nowhere . i think i know what type i am but can anyone suggest a good test ? '