its good for her then cause i am a beast when it comes to the weights ... shell be fine , gonna get her that squat booty since shes lean as hell already . we are together now ... as long as ... sorry to necro , but i am her enfp . we are back together somehow . feels weird seeing all her posts but im taking it lightly ... no point being mad at least there is a happy ending .   ... guess who that enfp is lmao ... :) we back baby se by a looong shot 92.5 / 100 masculine 60.5 / 100 feminine 60/100 androgynous . wish i was less emotional , less caring and more cold . he reminds me of me in a twisted way . strong te , enfp . strong necro but i am chaotic evil . can agree with that . this is gonna be league and runescape based : trick 2g : estp , strong se very funny and cool . nightblue : infp strong fi foxdrop : enfj phylol : ixtj gbay : isfj gaming ... entp , type 7w6 . damn patriarchy . and by the way waif i am not malevolent , and i am also not a pua i have my own code and it puts me first . i used to be very different in my views and believed in the fairy-tale ... she would get it and her eyes would be rolling . ;) 253394 my love and affection that is . yea they are so practical , and grounded . if it wasn't for sensors we wouldn't have a box to think outside of . i am not ashamed of the way my testosterone warps my desire , at least i am honest a lot of guys will lie to themselves . that said after looking over my preferences i must say this is the purely ... i feel like one , i feel like things need to live up to my idealized exceptions . lol this video made me 100 % sure i am intuitive xd . rape accusation ? wow ? you think its rape if a man uses machiavellian tactics to gain your affection ? lmao . have you heard yourself ? you think rape accusations are a weapon for butt-hurt women ? is the ... i agree with all but cat , intp's are owls . next / possible careers masters current careers n / a past careers go to hell . there is nothing wrong with trying to get what you want . now for op : this guy knows what hes doing hes gained your affection by intriguing you . its funny because if he bent to your ... my mothers an esfj and this is how she made me feel , yes its a generalization but its my generalization . i said barely btw . amumu is infp , hes like a giant blob of fi . thom yorke is infp furthermore : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XDqLmaWWr30 i do that too , buts its far worse for a guy to do it ... must suppress desire for companionship . girls my age don't want anything serious so its too intense if i imagine stuff like that so i keep it ... i love everyone , i started hating everyone after reading the prince but now i just want to be happy . smiles and smirks , us enfp we are loyal jerks . ;) this is a short description of how i process the world as an enfp . i have been thinking about this as i have decided to isolate myself to study for exams i did this in my spare break time . my te ... intuitive master race . i just like the fact that my difference is my brilliance rather than my weakness . sj's are some of the worst bullies one can encounter , and its nice to know i have ... i like cute because i like innocence . and when it comes to the physicality of it : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m9gjW9RmkpY top 5 characteristics - introverted - submissive - intuitive - rational ( as rational as a woman can be ) - scientific or artistic , anything not very bureaucratic . top 5 physical features ... meh tight bodies and soft lips . that's all i really care about . or so i tell myself bleeding inside . most women can , solipsism is strong in the xx . haated her . thom yorke , in the song creep . and tyler durden , from fight club . intj's gotta love em . i prefer infj's however i feel they are better listeners and more loyal . enfp excited , neurotic , fluffy , poets . enjoy your stay . i am a villain , a heart broken idealist . a villain because i remove the color that is me from the palette of this cold world . i turn black and make everything around me grey . a bleeding poet , a ... i am constantly worried about unlikely things , i am also constantly breath-taken by beautiful possibilities . ( ne ) sometimes i fail to do anything because i am thinking about what could be done ... sorry i have watched gone girl . i know how this ends . weirdo . every word i say is part of a poetic narrative that ends up making people laugh . women ( especially ps ) just love excitement and heartbreak is a risk that comes with that . exciting guys have options and we get bored its not personal . who cares , do want you want . if people call you a jerk , who cares . live your damn life . jinx is an exfp for defo and also my main i relate to her a lot . her sentimentality for her gun makes me assume ne-si . but her passive is very se , i'm not sure she could be either . not enough ... my freindship group was last year : intj , intj , entj , estp and me an enfp . was very fun . my te , is a very apparent in the way i speak the way i engage with the world and when i do plan things its all te . my fi is far more like a ballast keeping me planted in values that i hold dear to ... right on the money with elliot hulse . bro , stop over thinking this . i'm pretty sure shes not that special and you like her in a superficial way . if shes half way attractive shes getting hit on so many times irl and on top of that even ... you seem like an infp . most clearly an introverted feeler in my opinion . 247858 her name is lara . first one i got : ne ( extroverted intuition ) ( 100 % ) te ( extroverted thinking ) (8 0 % ) fi ( introverted feeling ) ( 75 % ) ti ( introverted thinking ) ( 75 % ) fe ( extroverted feeling ) ( 70 % ) si ... very disapproving parents , they made me hate my arrogance . that's so kawaii . i love ditsy girls nearly as much as i like race cars .