' your turn to choose :) cute you think so . 24692 please show me something you believe is perfect . dear white karnas firstly , thank you for this thread . i have enjoyed reading your advice . you seem very insightful . my question is about romance between myself ( enfp ) and my partner ... dreading flying home . can't wait to get there . i think i'll do another sassy pose for the naked xray . happens to the best of ' em . lol . i totally sadface when my boyfriend accidentally loses facial hair . lol <--- unstable , mentally ill , physically f'd . i kind of love that you accidentally shaved your beard all off . :) requiem for a dream ... just because it hit me so hard emotionally that i did not stop sobbing until it'd been over for 4 hours . :/ you know you're an enfp when you reread your own joke from a few days ago and laugh out loud . :) 24633 199 | extra ordinary my fav webcomic ... that many of my friends stare at me bug eyed for laughing tears at . and i hear , i don't get it . what's to get ? it's hilarious :) you sound dreamy . :) welcome . those are my weaknesses too . in fact , at this moment i've got a full can of coca-cola within reach , right in front of the empty ... and a cigarette hanging from my lips . motivation does seem to go ... yeah one of my aunts posted it on fb saying something about god keeping an eye on us . uh no ... looks like he's got a gaping anus on us there . so there's a bitch manual out there , that teaches lady folk how to snag a man bitch style ? pass . 24536 show me a moth going to a flame . patriotic americans make me feel like a misanthropist . welcome ! i like your user pic . the office is my fav right now since it's always on when nothing else is . lol it was only a bit ago that i came here ( few weeks perhaps ) looking to find mostly ... and me without my party hat . welcome . just a few days ago i saw dexter for the first time - the first episode . he stated about his foster sister , she's the only person in the world who loves me . i think that's nice . i don't have ... ghost stories ? yes please . i've got a few . i'll tell the best one . when i was 17 years old i was renting a room in an a house built in the late 1800 ' s . it was an enormous house . and ... i guess it's intuition , but i don't know . i do know that when i get a feeling , i check it out . when i was 16 i had a sudden intense urge to be there for my friend whom i hadn't spoken to in ... confession : i want to hug you . are you sure you're not high right now ? asked my my very own mother , when i definitely was not high . confession : i just broke a lizard and i feel extremely guilty and think i should be broken too - it'd only be fair . :'( i just wanted to play with him for a minute ! and i did ... but he lost a ... i woke up tuesday in the detroit ' burbs . was in nashville for about 20 breathless minutes . about to call it a night an hour outside tampa . * contented sigh * i am an enfp , and i ... wish a bunch of scientists ( sup intjs ? ) would get together and work toward eliminating the human body's need for sleep . yup , i'm having a way past my bed time , too ... what is your opinion on glitter ? nope . i'm not that stable that i'd stick with it to get and keep it fruitful . i would assist someone else with their awesome idea , for a time , however . i'm guilty too . had a new family baby without a name for a bit . i got a new asshole while being told that ' ' it ' ' was inappropriate , even though she was unnamed . sheesh . when your j partner has a near meltdown when you've repeatedly used baby , measuring , or decorative spoons instead of washing dishes . every dad burn time ! i can't speak for the rest of us , but you've got my number . lol . i use my right index finger to write math problems on the imaginary chalk board in front of me , or if i'm in public ... somewhere less visible . when i'm in an extra good mood i have been known to ... as a youngster i was often called a smartass by the adults in my family for pointing out how they were not doing what they were instructing me to do . as an adult it's similar ... i'm called a smart ... i like that today was the most inviting day for naps . it was raining steadily and gray outside , and my partner and i both fell in and out of naps all day ... waking randomly to do a few things between ... i can see the basic attraction to the intp type . thinkers are handy ... especially for those less inclined to think things through . :) ... like rainbows ! i'm gonna take a crazy leap and guess this might just be your observation on those nt types and not a proper generalization about nt types . one of my favorite activities to do with my intj partner is to get him talking creatively . ( he likes to come up with television show , movie , and comic book ideas , among other creative type ... i just celebrated 5 years with my intj partner . it hasn't been an easy fiver , but definitely worth the celebration . we are very opposite . the environment does get volatile . our arguments can't ... you are not alone . 6:50 pm - fighting the urge to nap . probably gonna cave soon . maybe a day completely alone . 2 days with a pet . on the 3rd day i'm gonna need a person . oh , there was more . do you spend much time alone ? yes . daily chunks of hours by myself . are you ... and i wish i could control my focus better . confession : i can't stand myself today . always highly caffeinatd here . :) ditto . * sigh * today i like where my life , and both the relationships and personal endeavors in it , seem to be headed . you have been extremely helpful . i have very much identified with what you've stated . i sincerely apologize if my question was worded in such a way to lump everyone together and cause tension ... '