' sell this thread to ebay , you'll make some money satisfy my curiosity and need to understand the world . cool story bro.men brains don't work that way . fear of failure and incompetence . i have no desire to socialize and feel comfortable spending months alone . however , when i am in public , i am the life of the party , i'm the dominant person of the group and i never feel exhausted ... am i the only who thinks this is a stupid idea ? think about it , how much land and money is being wasted on cemeteries.all these bodies could be used for medicine students , research purposes , to feed ... bring dead back to life . i avoid reading cause i forget immediately what i read 10 seconds ago and have to go back and read it again . morality stops you from doing certain things , which i consider a weakness.it prevents humans from reaching their full potential . to act on my homicidal fantasies and get in touch with nature by exploring it . zoologist , psychologist , pathologist , thief :D your overall percentile is 28 % which means you scored higher than 28 % of the people who have taken this test . retardation level : over 9000 ! ! ! the wire is masterpiece , i got hooked up today.try this : imdb : highest rated tv series with at least 5,000 votes actually i don't love anyone so i guess i can't answer your question . why being a predator and using other people for personal profit is stupid ? i find it clever if you can get away with it . lol extraverted ( e ) 50 % introverted ( i ) 50 % intuitive ( n ) 86 % sensing ( s ) 14 % thinking ( t ) 90 % feeling ( f ) 10 % perceiving ( p ) 86 % judging ( j ) 14 % why in deutschland or norway ? why not somewhere else ? i confess that i have homicidal fantasies a doctor who sells organs to black market , drugs cook , any heist , serial killer :P . 24 trolololol t_t . me either.big time.that ' s why i visit them every 3 months . breaking bad hello fellow . i am 15 year old student too t_t . it's funny because you seek extraversion and i seek introversion , detachment . i want to master ti.maybe because all my classmates are damn alcohol or ... damn you sniper . sure . i do it 100 times a day at school . nothing special . a typical hero wins the day.casual and predictable story line , expensive and nice effects.though i enjoyed hugo weaving's acting and red skull and dr.zola characters.go villains ! i don't like acting but a lot of people say i would make a great comedian . medicine for sure . i love istps . i am comfortable being alone without any friends interaction for months while not feeling unhappy.and at the same time i have no trouble socializing , talking to strangers , entertaining crowd etc . i ... stupid people . no best friends t_t global 5 : sloan rcuei ; sloan + xcu | e | i ; primary egocentric ; r ( 52 % ) c ( 56 % ) u ( 76 % ) e ( 78 % ) i ( 76 % ) pretty accurate ~ 85 % . am i the only one who likes animals more than people here ? why do you act so differently ? no sir , he didn't i was very unfocused during first 4 years of my school.we had a board with all kids names.if you did something wrong you got a ' point ' . i was the one with most ' points ' . the 5th - 8th grades were ... i like to create debate even without any logical goal and try to force people to be a part of that debate just to entertain me , which usually piss people off , so yeah i am selfish . math is same useless routine.fuck math ! your type is isfj introvertedsensingfeelingjudging strength of the preferences % e : 11s : 50f :8 8j : 67 nice it worked i'm entp and i am 5 . i tested two times t_t . it can't be true . i got pissed when red skull in captain america died :( . villains are so attractive to me hyena.loyal towards i really love , social , clever . yes yes yes . i wonder why some people talk and others not ? people who cant answer a simple question why do you believe in god ? i'm witty remarks specialist . i found that if i say most serious thing in the world people still laugh because they think i said funny thing.entp life . in the end of the class mostly.if not in the end class i always choose to sit alone because i hate a lot questions about how to do that , can you explain me bla bla.people are so dumb ! also they ... should i use paper or money in toilet ? girl just try it and see what happens.if you like him , do him hard . no wonder that we are cousins man i think same as you do.all heroes so annoy me , every time i watch movie i want the bad guys to win in the end of the day but that never happens :( . i want to spread chaos to world . i suck at psychics , math , chemia.that pisses me off cause i want to study medicine . i have 10 in biology . '