' you're not the first person i've heard say that . i'm half-tempted to get it , just to see the weirdness . a friend has called me twice tonight and i told her i had a really bad day . i can't bring myself to tell her i don't want to talk to anyone right now . 5 ' 1 or 154ish centimers i just got into the x-files this spring and quickly got obsessed with it ( hence the x-files shirt i'm currently wearing ) . i'm on season 9 , but having trouble getting through it . dark whispers by bruce coville it's the third book in the unicorn chronicles quintet . it's young adult fiction and it was a personal favorite of mine in middle and high school . it's very well ... cool . i've been playing mtg off and on for 6-7 years now , so this sounds right up my alley . i'm glad you can do mill decks , those are fun :) how sad i'm going to feel when i finish the x-files . i've been watching it since april of this year and i'm halfway through season 8 . sad , but its a legitimate worry since i'm so emotionally ... 4 harry potter series - jk rowling 5 to kill a mockingbird - harper lee 6 the bible 7 wuthering heights - emily bronte 8 nineteen eighty four - george orwell 16 the hobbit - jrr tolkien 19 the ... two friends told me i have to play hearthstone . what are your initial thoughts on it ? i'm more creative at night , but i usually have less motivation to do things ( i'm a morning person ) . i started god of war ii ( after having it in my backlog for at least five years , loved the first game ) . it was easy to jump into , but i'd forgotten what a jerk and creep kratos is . he has a very sad ... sent a sarcastic text to a friend ( 90 % of our conversations involve joking or teaching each other ) and my text didn't come off as sarcastic . now i feel awkward and feel apologizing will make things ... princess mononoke followed closely by spirited away . 5 ' 1 female texting a friend and waiting for my 3ds to charge . dead silence . i've watched it 3 times ... but much of the movie is watched behind closed eyelids . in my defense , i have a huge fear of dolls ... especially the porcelain kind . a youtuber i watch has been tweeting about pokemon shuffle lately and i downloaded it tonight to give it a go . it's fun , but the waiting for hearts aspect is very annoying . bachelors degree ( education ) . currently doing post grad classes for an endorsement on my license . after the quake by haruki murakami . clueless to satisfy my love of cheesy 90s flicks . actually a class introduction is supposed to be about you-not a paragraph long story of your so / spouse with next to nothing about you as a person . rebel queen by michelle moran . i love her books and this one has a slightly different feel than the others have had . still , a solid read so far . i'm a special education teacher and i love it ! i work in a private school and its a little different than it is in public schools ( which i came from ) . as with anything it has its pros and cons ; ... i was daydreaming this afternoon after a walk and realized that two of my best friends ' dads have the same first name ... and two best friends are married to husbands with the same first name . two ... she died of a rare form of cancer . she'd taken a break from the manga due to illness prior to . as a kid , i loved dc . it wasn't so much the movies as the animated series , toys and i read a few comics here and there . i tried to get into marvel ( my two best friends growing up were huge x-men ... i love how well researched it is and how well reiko portrayed emotions and characters throughout the series . it saddens me she died so young and before her masterpiece could be completed . with the light : raising an autistic child ( special education teacher ) fruits basket ghost hunt yotsuba & ! xxxholic off the top of my head ; animal crossing harvest moon series tetris , dr . mario ( well , the viruses are destroyed .. ) endless ocean afternoon snack-cashews and coffee . i'm alternating between animal crossing : new leaf and tomodachi life . both are great games , though since they're ' quick play ' games , i run out of things i can do in a day / period pretty quickly . ... mother 1 . i recently found a company that sells physical copies of games for the genesis , gba , snes and nes and bought a game with mother 1 and earthbound . goodness i love the mother series . i'm a huge marvel fan , but i'm really on the fence about ant-man . so far , the things i've heard have been positive , just not stellar . thanks for the response ! friends who've worked in retail have told me that if they don't meet certain sell or discount card sales , they can get fired . i get it's part of the job . but it makes me ... i can be and i did theater for 12 years ( not consecutive ) between elementary school and college . i'm partly curious to see if others experience the same thing . this vent falls under shopping pet peeves . i love shopping , mostly just to window shop . however , one thing i've noticed at some ... when i was younger , i watched it more , but these days i only watch it here or there . among my favorites are princess mononoke , spirited away , howl's moving castle , fruits basket , ouran high school ... many would describe me as a geek with my strong interests in things like marvel , doctor who , sci-fi , video games etc . but i must confess i don't like star wars and don't get the appeal . i would ... i love the persona series . which one is your favorite ? why can't people complete their job responsibilities ? i work longer than you and have more than double the workload as you and you can't even clean up your stuff and expect me to do it ? don't you ... old man by neil young . it's not the type of song i generally listen to , but i've been listening to it at least twice a day for the last week . robocop ( 2014 ) i felt it was medicore with a couple scenes that didn't feel truly connected . the effects were nice , but otherwise it felt jumbled to me . i love being an infj , but it does have its downfalls at times , just like any type . on rare occasion i feel exhausted with myself because i feel so deeply or because i pick up on other peoples vibes , ... final fantasy v in general , do you prefer texting or phone calls ? texting--i dislike talking on the phone . do you like to webcam / facetime with others ? no do you always / usually reply to your messages ? i do and ... i love playing video games ( actually went to a video game convention this past weekend ) . most of the games i play are rpgs , but i enjoy a nice mix of games , mostly old school / retro games from the ... enders shadow by orson scott card . favorite : history biology german least : math like algebra and geometry i love school and often contemplate what i want to go back and get my masters in . the only classes i've disliked ... i'm meeting an ambassador , the governor and attorney general for my state all within in two weeks . then , i'm going to a large comic convention that weekend . i feel some way about this , but i can't ... i'm a christian and protestant . i've switched denominations but never claimed an official one though i'm currently attending a church of christ church ( which i absolutely love ) . '