' i am confused about it too . why nf / nt / sj / sp instead of np / nj / sp / sj or nf / nt / sf / st . but i think it's beacause the differences between sp and sj are grater than the differences between sf and st and ... no ! ! ! intj or intp test - celebritytypes.com maybe try this test out . istj isfj infp istj intj istp intp istp intp i'm an intp too and my cognitive functions are strange too . the last test i took said my functions are from strongest to weakest ne , ti , ni , se , te , fi , si , fe . they said i have to use cognitive ... i'm intp i think . so usually i don't lie but if it helps me or is good for me i can lie i don't have a problem about it . i think about 80 % - 90 % of the time i tell the truth . i know this post is a bit old but i'm interested and i'm still not 100 % sure about my type . so in the first situation i think i would just call the breakdown service ( i hope this word is correct , ... why does this thread exist ? xd i love songs which sound dramatic or epic . usually i listen to metal . i would say intp . if i think about me . my main activity is sitting in my dark room at my computer . i know another intp and he isn't really different from me at this point . :D i obviosly overact ... i think i'm more sure about my type . thanks to all who helped me . :) so you don't think i'm f or e or that i have autism ? :D the title of the thread isn't correct anymore . i know now i'm p but i'm still not completely sure if i'm n or s . but i more tend to n because i have a strong ne . i knew some persons who have autism and i'm sure i'm not like this . no i don't have autism . it's not like this that i have no empathy . i just tend to be selfish and i don't care about the emotions of people i don't know and what they think about me . do you type me often as f beacause i use much emojicons ? that has nothing to do with it . no i'm not extroverted , it just cannot be . and i'm more like swim around the flow . :D i still know i'm p . i'm just not sure if i'm intp or istp . and i'm pretty sure i'm t . i have the typical characteristics of a t . i'm really into math . i'm very good at it . i'm very good at technical ... so what do you think ? :D i think thats a good example . i said that to a friend and i hoped it he would feel better ( i know i'm not very good at cheer someone up ) . he said he feels useless and nobody cares about him . i ... i don't know why but often when i speak i speak faster than i think about what i speak . i think thats why i often say crazy things and ideas . nevertheless i like to to express oneself elegantly ... i am 17 years old and i'm everytimes write with a lot of emojis . but if you become confused of it i can stop that . and it's not that i don't want to be an istp . i'm just not sure because everything ... sorry i think i'm not very good at explaining things . especially not in english . how can i explain better that i'm introverted ? when i'm too long in big groups i get tired and nervous and i have ... i think i'm not f . ^ ^ i'm too focused at logic . when i make decisions i think about probabilities , pros and cons . and i'm not very empatic . i don't really care about the emotions of people i don't ... and what do you think could i am ? maybe what's important to know too in school i have two subjects technical drawing and working at workshop . at technical drawing we are drawing and constructing the plans of building components . i ... i love to find out how complex things works . i just want to know how the things work around me . a good example is when i'm listening to music . if i hear it i want to understand it . i want to ... so i'm often think about possibilities and probabillities . i daydream a lot especially about unrealistic things . and i'm very muddle headed and clumsy . i think thats typical for ne isn't it ? as a child i was almost everytimes alone . i was very restless and uneasy . i was very interested in science . i've read very much about astronomy , animals and computers . i've played very much with ... i try to explain everything as good as i can , but it's hard for me to do it in english . i'm not so sure . i think i could be an intp because i have a strong ne . i'm obviosly not extroverted . xd trust me , exxx personallities you can leave out . ^ ^ the more i read about intp the more i think i coulb ne an intp . xd hm i don't know why but i feel negative emotions in my belly . when i'm sad i feel stomach pain . when i'm happy i walk back and forth and i'm nervous . but usually i just feel neutral or nothing . xd i ... and what else do you think ? s or n , t or f ? maybe i'm the first ixtj who is totally childish with a very weak self control sometimes . xd or i am an ixtp . i'm so unsure now . xd what do you think ? xd hm i think you're right . ^ ^ there are better things wich shows s or n . ok but i've heard that istp are very calm and quiete persons . and i know an istp , i'm not like this . i'm moving and speaking very fast and restless . and no , i don't want to be the type want . i ... i could be everything but not extroverted . xd i can't be an istp . i speak very rash and fast . istps speaking way more calm than me . maybe i could be an intp but i think i have te . thats the results of the test . wjat do you think ? te ( extroverted thinking ) ( 60 % ) your valuation of / adherence to logic of external systems / hierarchies / methods ti ( introverted thinking ) ... under pressure i'm almost completly useless . xd i do everything very fast and wrong , i say strange and pointless stuff . and no i diddn't decied yet , i just didn't changed it to unknown . yea i have ... and i try to eplain everything but it's not easy for me to do it in english . my german is way better . i'm introvertet , it just can't be different . i love to be alone and i can talk best with just one other person . if i'm in a group i say almost nothing . only if ii must say something for example in ... i have to be one of these types because it's obviously i'm an ixtj . if i see people who are very conventional i just think can't you have your own opinion ? find your own tastets and be more creative ! i love metaphors and tell things creatively ( i don't know how ... sorry , i didn't understand the question my englisch isn't so good , sorry . ^ ^ omg this test ist so long . . - . but eeehh i will do it . xd not yet . i could do it . but i most match with ne and se what just can't work . . - . i've read very much about it . xd at first i thoght i'm an istj , but i'm not sure anymore . but there is so much n . i'm very creative , esspecially when writing music . i have soo many ideas for covers when i'm listening to music . i ... '