' just to fuck with you . my bad . dood ! ! ! u definitely have the ' entp smile / grin ' going . just to prove a point , i am gonna see if i can get a webcam pic of mine up . hahhahahahahahhaahaahahaha so not true . take it back ! ! ! now ! ! ! oooo my bad . i think i can help you here . and immature person would say something like that . but a mature person would know that because of persoanlity types there are certain issues that might arise and both ... hhahaha , you are sooo wrong . as far as i understand , infj's are the hardest to understand . and often they give off the vibe to people that they are intimidating and reclusive when thats the opposite ... entp's are not evil . they are just to engrossed in their own idea of good and right to see that there maybe some reason in the other person's side . i guess you just need a mature entp who knows when ... hahaha i think i grew up great , only 21 still . i have always loved women and i have always recieved back in kind . but society would never accept that . and if i had mentioned anything about it when i ... meh , i guess this forum really isn't the place for me . anyways . it was fun but not wroth the the confusion its putting me in . i thanked the post for the correction she made . i was thinking you found the situation humorous , but now i am guessing you were just laughing at me . yeah , dude , this i am a little offended with . and a little sadden by the personal vandetta you seem to have taken against me . but if i have learned one thing so far , is that i should just let it go ... i really hope she notices my clarification posts . i would be soo ashamed if she didn't . this is exactly what always starts a fight between us . should give entp a shot . we are usually fun loving ... you are culturally ambiguous . because if you actually knew both cultures personally you might have a different opinion . i also see the best in both world , but that doesn't mean i am oblivious to the ... hahahhaa imagine what my girl friend deals with . but i am getting better at explaining myself . not surprised you wrote that at first , but glad you changed it . i don't think i ever want to date ... haha , dude , since i am brown , i'll kind of take offence to that pic ... and chuckle a little to myself too . yeah , the meaning they are trying to give in people lives can be appreciated , as long as the followers don't eat it all up like trained sheep . it's the magic that all these religious books talk ... man , that would so explain how i went from muslim for 17 years to atheist . there are very few of muslim-atheism converts , and most can't be openly atheist because of the society they live in . i am ... sure . i apologise for being a dick . confession : i get really angry when people misunderstand me . and i don't know how to control this stupid anger . if you look what she wrote under her picture , maybe you'd stop flipping out on her behalf . she doesn't need your defending . anyone want to get all intuitive on this picture ? i love it when ... if i may correct myself , i meant , she looks pretty to begin with , i just thought she was trying harder than she needs to . i wasnt attacking anyone ! ! ! i just thought she didnt want to put up that face ... i did not realize i only get to learn about my own personality type . please don't be a douche . i am an entp is why i m on the entp forum and i am dating and infj is why i m here . dont fuck with me . i ... i think you are actually trying too hard to look pretty for this picture . i think you are actually trying too hard to look pretty for the picture . 21 exactly . why ? shit ! ! how do i delete posts ! ! ! i m stupid i enjoy being an asshole to people with zero empathy . i know this girl , who cannot think about anything other than herself ... did i put on too much make up ? are these jeans not nice enough ? are ... you look hot ' home girl ' jk 18708187071 8706187051 8704 read a couple of threads about entp and only white ppl here ... thought i'd represent browntown :p what ? i thought it was all about walking into class with a flask of half and half on mondays ... rum and coke i mean . schitt . no wonder i lost my full ride . lmfao , since when are our thoughts tangents ? i see it as the other person not seeing the connections i made inside my head . honestly , whenever anyone's told me i was going off on a tangent , all i ... i didnt know webcams recorded sounds :p haha , it will always seem that way when you are not an entp . i feel like there are way too many thing that go off in my head and i can't explain it all to you , because i don't exactly know where to ... hahahaha what an asshole , i mean how competitive :p [ quote don't be a douche-bag and remember that a good relationship has good communication . [ / quote ] thanks , thats probably the best advice for anyone to follow . btw , fuck starbucks , unless ... eclipsethesun thank you . that was helpful . i think our key was that we became really close friends really fast . sorry your's didn't turn out quite like u had hoped . we are still trying and even ... thank you , in case you got upset with no relipes or thanks :p jk ! ! ! plz ! ! i didnt mean it like that ! ! i promsie ! ! ! i was just saying ! ! oh com on , why do you have to take it so personally ? at this ... i am in love with an infj and its the most workout i've ever had in my 21 years on this earth . we are awesome together . and being inter racial just makes things even kinkier . but we are on a long distance relationship right now , and oddly enough , we are as happy as we can be in a ldr .  ... i've become a stoner , became a frat boy , fell in love with acid , lost my full ride before i realized , maybe i should have just been doing math all along . now i am going for a degree in applied math , ... one things for fucking sure , i am glad we don't cry over every little fucking thing and ask people to thank us everytime like those damn infj thanks man . you cleared it a little for me . i can't have someone break down over my stupid momentary rage ( i don't hurt people , never have never will , unless you consider breaking up with someone as ... i am an entp in love with an infj . i have been told many times that i am very inconsiderate of her emotions . and i am without knowing trying to change her . i love her , and i want to understand her ... '