' isfp word count : 500 there's a sort of confusion which has settled into my brain as i've read the request for an inner monologue . is it genuine if i start to narrate a monologue from second go , ... i tried some for comic relief of the audience . and for procrastination . never forget to procrastinate . norwegian vocaroo | voice message swedish vocaroo | voice message italian vocaroo | voice ... i like it better this way : kokko , kokoa koko kokko ! koko kokkoko ? koko kokko ! or kasvain sanoi kasvain , joka kasvoi vain . vain kasvain voi kasvaa noin vain . i actually find some comfort in thinking that nonexistence stands the end of it all . this is why i have held to it so strongly for years . it is something i want to believe . i want to believe in life ... draining thoughts placing them into a blender to mix them create an indistinguishable mash of brain sap bleeeh the batteries pretty damn close to how i type on the enneagram i got 1w9 3w4 5w6 sx / so and the sniper ( 5w4 ) the description wasn't accurate , though short circuit to break the spine softened and grinded child's heart stewed in the pit of venomous lies and savored by tastes of dogmatic waltz silvery knife stabbing lifeless bliss why social last ? skip me , type swordsman of mana from his previous post ^ 6w7 sx / sp rinnay : blushed : thank you for both the first comment and type guess ( ha ! just decided 6w5 isn't my fit based on motivations . ) let's not skip you this time ! my instant impression is one of the ... ruskiix i get a cold , impersonal impression of these . maybe a bit detached from one's own self . analytical and organizing ? i'd say competitive triad . these though don't seem to have that much of an ... 7w6 social perhaps isfp every emotion , space a breath we are the grains space of an hourglass i vibe with my sensitive antennae ... infp finally , finally , after two years , i'm realizing that i am actually starting to make beyond superficial friendships in school :) also , i slept more than eight hours last night , i saw the eclipse ... dear emotions , quit . please . and give me my appetite back . sincerely , a mess p . s . okay . it might take a week . or two . i accept that . but ... just ... don't let it happen again . p . p . s . i know ... fuck relationships . honestly , i wasn't up for this . not again . not the same way . not just to pretend i'm okay . not just so he could call me mature on the basis of how i'm calm outside while ... biologically female currently leaning towards infj typing masculine 59.167 feminine 40.351 androgynous 49.167 ( if it helps , i do type as an intj dichotomously . i've also considered intp as ... polyamoria you hid a blueberry in your mind the winter swallowed it deep within there was a treasure inside my iris your swelling heart embraced its sin my origin was from an inferior pull ... cold hands held underneath the roaring rain forming a fragmented cup that is only plenty with pain a red acid cloud hovering within the isolated sky if you reach it - congratulations ! - you have ... i wonder if these descriptions might help you out in your journey of typological discovery : http://personalitycafe.com/articles/106583-introverted-feeling-described-lenore-thomson.html ... i wouldn't know because i live in a box a lions cage , a lost face at the safe of emptiness my hands had no crayons neurons drew the lines filling outside the edges forgetting guidelines http://www.fotothing.com/photos/c00/c00f84194d6ad0848bff3bf19d981f41.jpg how would you go about invalidating fi through fe ? an example ? a typical wolf ( 4.59- 5.40 ) quite relaxed and peaceful , also observant and inquiring , but can get nervous and thus in response change quickly to either avoiding or confrontational depending on the ... beads of passion roll down my index finger showing love's way feeling what is given chapters taboos made hidden lusting for endless light a drop of heat your eyes breathless definitely ! i understand why you would take on this project . it's fun too ;) the coding seems actually rather functional . i've always wondered how to use input tags and the like to create something ... forced choices that margin your result with multifaceted questions ( i . e . ideas connecting to many possible causers , not only to cognitive functions ) never quite includes the variety needed to type ... extraversion 4 .. friendliness 1 .. gregariousness 6 .. assertiveness 77 .. activity level 1 .. excitement-seeking 33 .. cheerfulness 10 agreeableness 41 .. trust 27 why to fear big men unflattering words why to tear greedy hands , freckled , scarred wash them underneath the earth's dust forgotten crust see dirt spreading dissolved i score 514 , suggesting 6 wing , sx / so ( blame the pictures , methinks ) . enneaspread : 5 - 6 | 3 - 5 - 2 - 9 1 . i am : independent 2 . i am : inquiring and curious huh , that's damn close actually : 0 i'd type your songs , 0 + n * 1 , as 1st : social 6w7 2nd : sp / sx something 3rd : 9w1 4rd : 9 ? ( melody / video ) 5th : 9 and 69w1 6w ? ? w ? hmm ... i'm currently thinking 5 or 3 . the motivations of these two seem rather balanced . neither of the stereotypical characterizations of them ( or any enneatype for that matter ) suit me though . i ... that is true when it comes to your average brain training games : they train your brain to play the training games . there is , however , a way to improve your working memory ( which is tightly linked ... i figured it would be interesting to see which ones i identify with , so i bolded them . 1 ) head > heart > gut 2 ) positive outlook > competency > reactive 3 ) frustration > rejection > harmonic ... infj . upper middle class . grew up in the suburbs of the capital city of a nordic country . ai.tran . 75 what each song made me think : first song : positive outlook ( 9w1 / 7w6 ) second song : 7 third song : 9 and something else ? fourth song : 6 fifth song : 2 and 6 ah , interesting . well , in school i mostly sit with my classmates , which could be a , say , group of 6 that changes according to what lesson i have before lunch ( not everyone in my class takes the same ... hmm ... i like infjs . like attracts like ? wait , that's not what my physics teacher told me ... edit : ah , it makes sense ! while i move in their direction , they move away from me . so i repel them ... i wouldn't generalize this in the way you do . each individual has their own way of expressing affection independent from the introversion / extroversion dichotomy . ( there could exists a correlation , ... ... when something clicks in your head ( a silent , unsaid i can't believe you just said that ) as you are called antisocial for wanting to read a book while on a picnic . also you despise how in common ... edit : gah ! wrong thread ! * hides * every face is a mirror every step of a warrior walking along the cracks running along running beside one space of eternity fear , fear in all eyes the dusty pieces op's type / match correlations don't seem to be very significant . regardless , 75 % match and 12 % enemy . a path covered / in bare existence / love at hindsight the pain gone / questions left riddled / we stand alone the connected dots / fit within the palm of my hand / unconscious why are we here / ... fleurelle i see you value the theory of natural selection . dawkins might appreciate some help from a true ( and might i even add dramatically aggressive ) advocate of beliefs such like you ;) by ... watch out for the dreamer ^ they all have problems with their eyesight . '