' there are terms used specifically in the context of the enneagram that seem to have vague and ambiguous meanings . i'm mainly referring to the usage of the word withdrawn . in this context , ... haha , way off , to be fair though that photo of me is more reserved than normal ; i'm a 4w3 , 5w4 , 9w8 sx / so . as far as camus i've heard him typed as a 4w3 , 4w5 , 5w4 , etc . i wouldn't know . 4w5 - 5w4 - 9w1 85275 currently experiencing a major depressive episode , have been for months . apparently i also have dysthymia . oh and pretty severe adhd . and very likely bipolar type ii disorder . cognitive process level of development ( preference , skill and frequency of use ) extraverted sensing ( se ) * * * ( 23.6 ) limited use introverted sensing ( si ) john lennon is certainly an xnfp ; despite his witty and cerebral demeanor , he seemed greatly a man of values rather tha pure logic . i'd say infp 4w5 , listen to the lyrics in strawberry fields ... why isfp ? even though isp's are considered more intuitive of the sensors , i still feel like his keen perception of hidden meanings and abstract concepts in the external world suggest ne . he is also ... id have guessed isfp 9w1 i know this person from school , but we became closer friends over the past two months in particular . he is a creative and artistic individual . perhaps as a result , he feels everything very strongly ... pink elephants my music , as a 17 year old depressed infp . https://www.facebook.com/pinkelephantsofficialband?ref=hl i unanimously test enfp / infp . enfp's , infj's , infp's . type 1 all in twilight 1w9 sx / so tri-type 147 type 2 justmeandmyguitar : 2w1 , 7w6 , 1w9 musicalmeggie : 2w1 5w4 9w1 zomgitsemma : 2w1 so / sx my eternal life-giving soul is endlessly bound to the forest with lavish white-mist enveloping my bare skin surrounding me with its benevolent dutiful touch each miniscule droplet of ... i love you all so much for relating to me on this . it's great to not feel so alone . the brightside of fi is that good feelings are just as intense ... i could cry . my fi has gone to the point of making me virtually unhappy all the time just because of its profound hypersensitivity . my emotions are rampantly shifting ups and downs that always somehow take a ... 9:14 am : in high school religion class , anxiously pondering the outcome of the election . this is the only outside world contact i have i feel as if i should write some poetry , but everything i ... here i am in a tree 52136 peace with a friend and a random little boy we spoke to 52137 me trying to look seductive : hello there , i love personality typing ! i'm a 16 year old musician / poet / writer trying to find deeper meaning . nice to know you ! here i am in a tree :P 52135 wow , perfect . thanks guys this really cleared up a lot for me , and i am very happy to be an enfp . yeah no worries i don't mean to be argumentative ... i feel that my mother might be an esfj and i feel like the fe ( social norms , that's weird , you should do things this way , conformist ) mentality ... as far as the first goes , would that not be fi considering that my reactions are all based on how i feel about them and deal with my emotions rather than those of the group ? wouldn't an fe user want ... what makes you say fe ? isn't fe determining things on how they affect the group / group values vs . fi based on individual and individual values ? by that i'd be fi certainly , though i do desire ... 1 . click on this link : flickr : explore ! look at the random photo for about 30 seconds . copy and paste it here , and write about your impression of it . milkyway - seealpsee | flickr - photo sharing ! ... now , from varying definitions of what it is to use fi , i am confused . i relate very much to the one concerning assesing the signifigance of things based on one's personal emotions and or ethics , ... i see freedom , living , experience , and the beauty of existence . each one of us ( the birds ) are on a different path to the one unified goal ; the sun , representing happiness . / first instinct response any help here ? my post was getting buried and i forgot to add that the way i normally describe my daily life is not in what happened but how i was thinking and feeling and what about . i'm almost ... i'm pretty sure i'm a p and an f , but i / e and n / s are ambiguous . i question my n'ness because the form said you're probably not an n . hello , i am a 16 year old boy that has been called idealistic and insightful , which would lead me to believe that i'm an xnfp . i'm very very unorganized and emotional . i fit the descriptions , and ... i'm rather logical and intellectual at times , and i love a good debate as well as stirring up the pot . i have no clue whether this poem is bad or good ; however , i can tell you the experience that inspired it , though simple , was quite profound . hopefully i did it the slightest bit of justice . ... '