skype but i will switching to tox as soon as it is more stable / used i'm early 40s . last time i got in a fight i was in my early 20s . it was with my best friend , at a party , and we were both drunk . we got into a fight over who had the right to hit on a girl ... i very well may be an infp and not an intp . so if i am an infp , then i have to see intp as second class citizens . however if i am intp then they are god's gift to mankind . i'll know my opinion ... every time i take the test , i have come out as intp or intj intp seems to fit me well , except the part about relationships . infp relationships that seems to describe me very well as far as ... heartbleed was not a linux bug , that was openssl . any server running openssl was vulnerable , thus any client ( linux or not ) connecting to such a server was vulnerable . openssl is used by quite a ... good point , i suck at the market - but that makes sense - oil isn't going to stay low for long . such as ... ? that btw is where m68k linux in my history came in - i could get se / 30s at the goodwill cheap , network card and ram off of ebay , and throw debian on them to have another linux box to play with . the one thing linux has done for me - i have a somewhat rocky employment history , the job market isn't easy when you are epileptic and can not drive while at the same time being extremely socially ... i didn't care until i saw how good a fit it was . then i had to know everything about me . i haven't played in years , back when ad & d 2e was new . it might be fun to try and create a webapp for 2nd edition - it could be done , if it hasn't already been done . and just to be clear - i am against the coyote hunts that aim to reduce coyote populations , simply because there is no scientific evidence that they work and there is in fact scientific evidence that ... btw it would not surprise me if a lot of your domestic dog attacks are coyotes . we don't have wolves in shasta county ( at least not confirmed ) but we have an over-population of coyotes . they come ... they are not welcome by some , but their presence is natural . i am not opposed to hunting , but there are very negative effects to game population numbers being artificially high as is the case ... there are a couple things he should be aware of : a ) shooting them often actually makes the problem worse . wolves are a social species with a social structure . only the alpha male and female in a ... absolutely . only thing i use windows for is to test ie and to use photoshop , because unfortunately the gimp developers have decided to take what was a decent bitmap editor and turn it into something ... while it is possible there are intentional backdoors for the . gov , when you follow the information chain on the accusations of intentional insecurity it usually looks like fud to me . yeah they call it patch tuesday . when it comes on any other day , it is usually only to fix a 0 day exploit that is already in the wild . my most recent passion is the restoration of the wolf to the western states , specifically california . it seems that every day i am looking for news updates , new sightings , etc . - it is really ... no , i don't . i seek authority . i often question it , but i still seek it . that being said sometimes when i question it i choose to ignore it , e . g . software patents . but when a screwup happens with e-mail , then an e-mail gets sent to the wrong address and gets bounced and the person then has to make a customer service request asking why they couldn't make an ... with a closed source operating system it is very difficult to find out what the updates are really doing . i doubt microsoft is spying on you , but my doubt has no impact on whether they are or are ... i don't personally emotionally identify with people in movies or television . i emotionally identify with real people . some movies stir up a lot of emotion in me , biko for example really did - but ... i do that . intj vs . intp | prelude character analysis as long as i can remember , i've had emotion tug at me . i help people in need whenever i can because it makes me feel good to do so . i feel bad when ... i think hawkings was just having a bit of fun with the god is dead thing . of course philosophy isn't dead . the reason for the e-mail twice is because a lot of people make typos without realizing it . however at this point with auto-completion the errors in typing it are pretty much moot . many of us believe gender is not a binary either / or question . there is a male gender and there is a female gender but there are people born with male parts who identify as female and there are ... i don't want to think about personality types when i think about potential dates . either we click or we don't . that's a fantastic way to explain it , thanks ! i'm the kiss type . programmers know what i mean ;) this happens to me , most often with name ( people , places , streets , etc . ) but other things too . some days i can't remember my own cell phone number . oh of course not . any nt knows waterboarding is a lot more effective . intp your neurodiverse ( aspie ) score : 137 of 200 your neurotypical ( non-autistic ) score : 80 of 200 you are very likely neurodiverse ( aspie ) intp and i use centos i started with mklinux dr3 back in 1998 - that was red hat 5.1 ported to the mach mikrokernel and running on ppc hardware . i ran linux from scratch for awhile and that is ... i'm an intp starting a business . yeah . i need to find an entj girlfriend who is incredibly hot and a nymphomaniac to help the business take off . i know where one is , but she's married . ah well . yes , scripts belong in the head and i wish that was a w3c specification . in my opinion . you could limit access via . htaccess but then when you need to connect from a different ip address ... i ... i don't have any problems with intjs but i'm new at this so maybe i just don't know any better ;) okay some scientists can be condescending when i point out flaws in their speculation within their ... intp - 239786 i don't know if it is in your budget but the only laptops i like are thinkpad t series . built like a tank and i love the docking system . my favorite is actually the t410 - even though is old ... it pisses me off when people assume i must love big bang theory and say sheldon is just like me . i've even tried to like the show just to have something to talk about with them but i can't get ... if frustrates me when e * tell me i just need to get out more and meet more people . they seem to have no clue how emotionally draining that is . i just use libtidy to get it into a form where it can be imported into the dom so i can then work on it with the domdocument class . using domdocument to import malformed content can have strange ... i didn't claim it was impossible to meet a match online . unless i mis-typed , sometimes i think one word but another comes out , or i skip words when typing . last few heart-throbs of mine were met ... yes , i attempt to sanitize content by running it through libtidy before importing it into domdocument . the class i'm doing that with , i don't have as a public project but it is working fairly well in ... threaddeath - that's actually one of my projects right now , a cms that serves as xml it's a lot more secure that way because the content has to be well formed . i actually started it years ago ... i don't know if this is because i am intp or if it is just something else - but there are many things that bug me more than i should , that get way under my skin , that i just fixate on , related to web ... this thread is just a complete catastrophe . well there may be plenty of people who disagree with me , but i don't give a damn - i know what i experience . i'm fine on line and have no trouble charming women etc . but it just doesn't happen ... in college it was james clerk maxwell - not sure i have one now . i know maxwell would have come up with relativity if his life was not cut short , he was on the right track .