' you just perfectly summed me up and it's ironic to me because the guy i'm into is your type . i feel like entjs are one of the few types that don't get intimidated , over whelmed or fazed by the ... is that an implication that we couldn't destroy anyone ? granted i know most of the time i don't go there cause i think most people are stupid . they must be to try and usurp me , or my big pet peeve , ... dude , i sort of get the analogy but not really . arthur depending on which version you're talking about is either a little boy , a little weak man who let's lancelot plow his wife . or , a bad ass from ... i almost busted my gut laughing at this because it's so true ! hahaha . yeah , i dig it : tongue : i wonder what you'd sum us up as ? what i also gather is that they actively decide to let you ... yeah , i know without you even saying it .. why , right ? well because it's like the most intense mental connection i've ever experienced and when we talk it's for literal hours . i've never been this ... i can totally relate . i remember some of my uncles and aunts telling my parents that i was allowed far too much lip and my dad would always laugh and say i've be calling people out on their bullshit ... so , we had a talk . and he's just basically a broken bitter boy who now plays the field because he's high school sweetheart broke his heart and dumped him . but he won't tell you that . he likes to play ... well i just blitzed through more cases and spread sheets this weekend then i have in the past two weeks . i've got a couple of cuban's if you're willing to share . meh , still haven't decided this yet . i mean sure we're compatible that way but i'm not even sure i like this guy . one might question why i'm jumping into the sack with him ? well he's compatible in ... edit hahaha , this made me laugh so loud that i snorted coffee through my nose . well err .. you just don't fornicate . anyway , the point is you can get into bed with someone and not have to have ... you confused ? or going on about how fucked up my life has become ? this sounds like him . apparently i'm awesome when i'm not doing my omg , this is not logical freak out episodes as he calls them . whenever i have those he just rolls his eyes and tells me to stop ... but we didn't have sex . we didn't do much actually , i was too numb to do anything other than pant it's kind of upsetting really . he can't plough ( hehe ) through any barriers unless i let him . i think ... i was going to say real life , but this thread is pretty fucking weird too . how did my life become some fucking drama . i swear too much work has made me snap and want to do normal human , irrational ... so my weekend was ummm ... we had a work function that i would leave early because i had a dinner afterwards . naturally he , let's refer to him as b , was there and was giving me the same aloof attitude ... trust me , no one is sadder than i am . okay so things just got really , really weird but i'm okay with that . is this a lifes pursuit , cause jesus christ it's like you don't know what you want but you it's just you want it all . so in all the firms i've worked in only a few people have actually known their types ( funnily they've all be nt's ) but there has been no personality test so far . i was wondering how common are they , ... that's interesting you pointed that out . the natural way for me to act or respond is to go after , to rage and claim . take me at my most comfortable , we're doing this now . don't ask , just do . it's ... i'd agree but risking money , reputation is one thing but pride and balls is something else . b's a wanker too who just pretends to be a human being sometimes . yes , i am but i'm supposed to have won by now . right so i've managed to get mixed up on which guy we're talking about here . who's the one with wanker written across him ? rob ( real name ) is the one who decided to pitch me for first lady . hahahaha , ... no , depends on who you are . i can play it down to charm and humour but it's probably just because i'm a small female . the last time i spoke to our prime minister he told me you're quite a feisty ... yup , that's the point . he's not that bad he's just not particularly good either . what bothers me the most is that i enjoy making out and watching crappy movies and general pissing contests more than ... you were gonna say ? well yes and no . he's a douche because he's a child . if he was a completely horrible individual he would have tried to force me to do things , he would have tried to guilt trip ... hahah , so it would seem . i think it all stems from that ^ . either way this conversation is closed as the original topic has been exhausted , i think . thanks to everyone who chipped in with their ... ummm ... okay emotional turmoil ? i'm confused am i supposed to feel used / abused ? i don't know . i don't know what i ' feel ' if that's even the correct term to use . i think the whole thing is what it is ... guess so , i'm generally not an emotional person at all . although the older i've gotten i've realised i'm not as hard or impenetrable as i think i am . as for my fe and age , well a lot has happened to ... no , i believe i've come out as entj many times . entp when i'm in a dark place . which makes no sense but it happened . entj is me at my most natural and unrestrained . that would depend on the person i guess . reaching their own goal / agenda . yeah , that's the plan for now . i'm heading into the exam crunch right now and i'm actually feeling really good . less frazzled and totally cool . it's like the whole episode mellowed me out and now i'm ... i didn't glorify it . it sort of just happened . catholic / muslim background and the pressure of all men just want one thing and the fact that it's basically submitting . the image of being forcefully ... because i am a virgin and would rather not give it up to some smug faced , slick talking asshole with a massive inferiority complex . this guy is basically me but in male form and to the extreme . how ... because in his pursuit to show me that he's not a pussy whipped bitch he gets really bitchy afterwards . why would i give up that for someone is a complete tool ? and has more walls and is more cynical ... not so much a call girl but once the blood rushed away from my crotch and i began to think again i was like this is never happening again . the realisation that although we have similar interests ... meeting standards that i set for myself . they're a bit hard sometimes . i'm not stupid . i know he's willing to tell me anything to get into my pants . i'd love to claim that it was basically me playing him and enjoying it at his expense but it really wasn't . my ex fiancée ... i can't . i still think of myself as a limited liability company . any actions i take have consequences and repercussions and there are standards i have to adhere to otherwise i'm just not me .  ... that was the most ominous message i've ever read . magic . so yes , it was very heavy and it got very heavy very quickly . i was like well that escalated quickly and he's like it was gonna happen . i mean he went in for it and i pushed him back and he did ... no , come back ! are we discussing me here ? drmiller 100 cocowboy is it bad that i sensed vulnerability in him ( not the let me save you type but the omg wtf type ) and i knew he saw it in me too ? i totally ... because outside of a bedroom he treats me as if i was some chick . i'm not some chick and i just didn't like the idea of making out ( no matter how good ) with someone who doesn't open the freaking ... hey , guys ! so glad you all stuck with me . this story has an end , it actually ended tonight . so we went mini golfing and it was a close game . he won by three . we then went back to his place to ... he's supposed to pick me up in about 2 hours and he still hasn't texted to confirm . we're doing the second date thing today . meh , i'm going to hit the gym . he loves football ( soccer ) and is in great shape . now before we type cast all athletic types as s let's remember that i'm athletic too . he's into random documentaries and stuff . we both watch more ... i can't type this guy . i would have put him as an estp but i don't think he's an s or t . doesn't behave like any of thef's i know ( enfj , enfp , infp ) '