' burzum - channeling the power of souls crown no , i never was to any job interviews . i think i would do a terrible job at that . it frightens me :/ * tries not to think about it * whats your favorite season and why ? : sadcloud : atoms . what do you think of the educational system ? grimes - devon mine would be , an infp , an intp , or an intj . curiosity and meh she is clearly an infp . only an infp can feel another infp so well :P by her writings ( especially her book : the world i live in - - which is veeerry beautiful .. ) i am sure she is infp . :) yes . pain . anxiety . fear . why do you keep saying other forums have it ? we are infps , we are original , the most creative of all types . can't we come up with a more artistic , original , creative name that represents us ? ... or ... infp inspiration ! we can open a thread for suggestions . ( or we can write them here ) but only if a mod agrees first , of course .. adventure i think something must be done . more people have the same opinion , i'm sure of it ( like shep , here ( point number 3 ) : ... school in the morning [ or ... no school at all ] candles or lamps ? animation shine worlds words heart is porn supposed to make you feel pleasure by looking at it ? black , yellow , and brown ! i hate the name of this thread and the fact that it's sticky so i must see it everytime . shouldn't it be more sensible ? like , we are infps . talk it out . snakes or spiders ? tasty dream theater-another day mazes i strongly agree with this ... i really disagree with the term porn being used . what is that supposed to mean ? that i should like the contents of that thread ? :/ world peace ! i don't need that amount of money , it's way too much . i need just enough to buy the things i see and like-i will still have way ( inimaginable ) too much money left if i would be that ... clock relic needs offtopic , but i must say this : i hate the name of this thread ... foo fighters-my hero love this song .. can i please get my name changed to : saddeea ? thank you ! massive attack-risingson iron maiden-the trooper ... winter and autumn ... i like the darkness and rain ... libra ... i don't use social media . i deleted my facebook long time ago , when i realized it was just a waste of time . seeing how superficial and stupid people are just made me angry , so what's the point of ... i give lots of attention to detail ... the sound of me crying ... i cant go on anymore ... i never had an infp friend :( ... i really , really wish i had an infp friend ... i really need one :( ... i need someone to understand me ... maybe another infp would understand me the best ? :( no , i wouldnt . it scares me too much . sadness surrounds my soul ... how can i end it all ? yes , i do this too . a lot . i just finished highschool and i can say ... i dont even realise what a joy it is that i finished it . i wanted this so so bad , i wanted it to end ... highschool was hard for me , indeed ... indeed i ... i am so emotionally numb , i wish i felt more . you are a wonderful soul ... yes , i would love to be a healer , to heal someone's heart , to help someone ... that would make me feel ... complete . i would love to help people make the right decisions ... '