' i think you rushed to attach the terms ' logical and scientific ' next to my terms . i didn't use them for a reason : i wasn't suggesting that the fermentation and feedback process was based on anything ... i remember once watching a documentary about what happens when people die alone . it was pretty graphic at times , closely following real cases , from the time a body of a deceased person was discovered ... yes , i was kind of obsesses with this self-reliance when i was younger . now i am not anymore . have gone through a lot of shitty situations by the way , which seem to have made me , if not wiser , then ... whilst i don't think they should be seen as sacred cows , never to be touched or talked about in any critical way , i do think that traditions and social rules / etiquette are extremely important and ... i wish that it made a positive contribution to the great eternal struggle to affirm being , life , existence . a poet once described his vision of god as someone who's still in the making , forever ... welcome intj cousin . i wish nothing but success to anyone who trying to better themselves and give more meaning to their life . how could one wish anything else ? i was curious , what part do you ... now that i'm not exactly a young buck anymore , i wear mostly what i guess would be described as ' smart casual ' wear . often a suit , or a blazer or jacket . for some reason i usually don't like suits ... for me it manifests as being very bad at casually observing my surroundings and in general noticing concrete stuff that's out there . also , being very poor at activities that require hand-eye-body ... i don't know . a couple of words of appreciation , when they are spoken from the heart , should be enough . once , a friend told me you know , you are a really nice person ! and that still makes me soft ... you are staring at a bowl full of pebbles , but only one of those pebbles is the one meant for you and you will only find it if you touch it . how do you find that pebble ? well , you get your hand ... i think the villain would win because he enjoys more degrees of freedom since he is not bound by moral constraints . certain options and ways of action that would be closed to the hero for moral ... hello intj : welcome : oh , and sometimes the things with the most ' utility ' are those that initially appear to be totally devoid of it yeah it's no biggy if you don't know your type . type is only our starting point in the lifelong journey of our development into a unique and well-rounded personality . the starting points are somewhat ... psychologically tailoring your management approach to personalities sounds interesting . does that mean that you need to appear different to each person ? it'd be interesting to see how that works out ... i'm not childish at all ! anyone who calls me childish will be slapped around by my entj pufferfish :p uffer : and then forced to help me find more childish emoticons like it if i had seen this thread earlier i wouldn't have killed , cooked and eaten my entj pufferfish out of frustration with this database error . i demand a new pufferfish ! :p uffer : : welcome :: smiley-cool 13 : welcome new person . my pufferfish is also an entj :p uffer : . if you look like it , you are one too ! an entj that is , not a pufferfish . well , maybe both ! welcome : toast : i taught myself english through chatrooms ( remember when those when in fashion ? ! ) heh welcome : toast : i taught myself english through chatrooms ( remember when those when in fashion ? ! ) welcome int cousin ! :p uffer : hah , i always knew he was a robot ! but i'm closing in , at 131 now . he must be feeling my breath on his neck ! : ninja : funny how we are ready to compromise and justify that compromise through an eventual change that , whilst it lies in the future , is nevertheless seen as certain or at least probable . and at the ... yes , the i don't agree with this but i'm staying and fake agreement so that i can covertly fight against it from the inside is one of the arguments one comes across . and if that fails to convince ... yes , you absolutely need to use an avatar . i made the mistake of not using an avatar and i was handed this voracious entj pufferfish :p uffer : which just won't stop puffing itself up ! now my life is ... if one thinks his convictions are unrealistic then what is the point of having them ? if , on the other hand , he believes that they are realistic , he either acts according to them or he doesn't . i do ... hello to you too on moral issues you either compromise ( and find a way to rationalise that compromise by appealing to ' the practical ' , ' the real ( istic ) ' etc etc , for which te is an excellent tool - just ask or ... hello , my entj puffer fish welcomes you :p uffer : hello there : welcome : you truly are in a hopeless situation but you can pretend that you are doing something about it by finding all those threads that go like what did you eat today , what are you listening now , etc , ... hello there writer , welcome ! : welcome : hello , welcome ! i don't know what brought me to this site , but what brought me to this thread was those delicious , sweet , moist , puffy-looking doughnuts covered with melted chocolate and ... oh ... no . it is not easy at all . it is truly a task for heroes sorry for not offering a direct and explicit answer but i think you should do what you feel is right . if you don't know what you feel : it is the same feeling that leads you to call her . the same ... it's not a matter of genes , that was my point . it's a matter of education and cultivation , and of course practice , i . e . being given opportunities to lead , even from a very early age even today all ... comparisons of personality types are unlikely to take you anywhere in this , because the typical xntj , just like the typical xxx , are merely the starting point of every person's life trip towards ... i deem other qualities to be far more important and more characteristic of a leader , such as : - unafraid of taking personal responsibility , including taking responsibility for things above , ... hello there len , and welcome :p uffer : hello visitor from typologycentral , welcome : welcome : welcome boredom seems to be shared by many young people in our days . this affect is so pervasive that i suspect that the same generation will experience its opposite soon . in what form , i have no ... a . in typical individualistic and modern ( or post-modern ) fashion , after having accepted the absurd and objective meaninglessness of everything , you are supposed to just conjure up a meaning of your ... i dreamt about various things last night but i have already forgotten them now . the only thing i remember is that i was back at my hometown , at the home where i grew up , and i met my father ( who's ... i heart this whole thread ! makes me swell with good feelz ! :p uffer : so many good points . go intps ! ! hey , try to avoid blowing up because , whilst they will leave you alone after you do , it will not look good for you and you will most likely have regrets , just like you have regrets and feel bad for ... hello ola 90 . sounds like office jobs are not for you and it's natural that your whole being is revolting against it . it could perhaps only be tolerated if you saw it ( and it really was ) as just a ... start practising on babies that are already crying ! their parents are distracted ! turning into a ninja baby-whisperer takes practice : th_wink : a wizzard ( that was long before harry potter came along ) , a jedi priest , a painter , an architect , a businessman , in that order when i see babies or little children , i discreetly ( yes , discreetly , so their parents and other people often don't notice ) make funny faces at them , until they start laughing or smiling sometimes ... i'd just disappear and not respond to any calls to get back in touch . eventually , even the most persistent stop trying to re-establish contact '