' 8.5 / 10 interesting . i like the colors . almost can't look away from the black . finished one of richard feynman's autobiographies . am now reading a collection of essays by albert camus called the rebel . yum . 10/10 for giving someone 10/10 and because fairies are the poo . oh wow . i didn't realize it was supposed to have a bow . mine is a hand-me-down from my sister . it's quite beaten up . but i love him very much . <3 i definitely do that . i nearly forget where i ... teddy 564339 my teddy bear is just like the one in your avatar ! ! x ] studying for anthropology and watching the graham norton show . i have that same problem a lot as well . for me , i don't like when people say ' thank you ' . a smile is plenty . i prefer facial expressions to words . so i tend to just smile at someone when they do ... not sure if this is all isfjs , but whenever i'm in my room and i see a fly or some other bug , i start talking to it without thinking . something like hello , mr buggybug ! are you alive ? * poke poke * ... i really don't like physical rewards . and i don't like any kind of big to-do over anything i do . a simple i'm proud of your or a smile are more than enough for me . any more and i just get ... talking to the bf and finally doing some of my uni homework . according to your questionnaire responses , your attachment-related anxiety score is 1.62 , on a scale ranging from 1 ( low anxiety ) to 7 ( high anxiety ) . your attachment-related avoidance score is 2.71 , ... i suck at hiding my emotions . i'll think i'm doing good , that nobody can tell how i'm feeling , and then somebody tells me i look happy or that i'm about to kill someone . haha . can't help it showing . i think the very first time i took the test a couple years ago i was an istp , but i haven't gotten that in a long time . it seems to change quite a bit . i've gone from very istp , to intj , to intp , to ... 8/ 10 looks like something's gonna go down ... dreamer : going by your post , i'd say si is more me , though i do a lot of ti . revenant : that quiz also says i'm an isfj . so here's what i'm going to say . if i'm in a good mood and i'm ... hm . that's an interesting point . but that does make sense . of course they would want individuals who are going to willingly help others and all that . they're not going to want a bunch of intjs or ... fair enough . and no , i'm not blinded by grammar or orthographic errors . just bothered by the kind of person you seem to be . i'm trying terribly hard not to point out some of the hypocrisy of this post . well of course it's messed up . haha . it's a dystopia . that's what makes it so sexy . but brave new world is sooo good . read it for fun . haha . i'm eating my cereal , waiting for 9:30 to roll around and i'll be off to my history class . 10/10 a picture of the sun . pretty much the best thing ever . 10/10 makes me smile . putting things off . this very much . to me , being attractive hardly has anything to do with actual appearance . if they're intelligent , funny , kind , then in my opinion they're sexy . if they're ignorant , superficial , ... phantom_cat : ohh . ok . that makes sense . i'd say i try more to fit in . owfin : i'd probably make an observation about how sharp the lead is or how worn down the eraser is or if it's beat up , ... today i took 2 different personality tests . on the first i got intp and on the second i got isfj . i've been an intp for a while , and isfj is completely new . but reading about both of them , i relate ... oh jeez . i'm supposed to be an intp , but i took another test earlier and apparently i'm an isfj and i do every one of these things . haha . that's pretty much me , as well . if i have to walk somewhere , i always pop in my earbuds , blast my music , and look around distractedly thinking about god knows , looking angry . haha . people who aren't open to new information - the type of people who learn something / form an idea and then once it's in their heads , they aren't going to change it for anything . i absolutely can't ... the internet . we are on the internet . probably not a good idea to approach us in a social setting , because most likely we don't even want to be there and we won't be terribly pleasant . or , if you ... 7/10 don't really know oasis , but i like the picture . my favorite would be the slender man and all the youtube series that go along with it , such as marblehornets . hopelessly addicted and tragically sleep deprived . but it's fascinating to me . argh ! haha . 1 . does intellect attract you ? definitely . but not if they're always trying to show off and act as if being intellectual makes them awesome . 2 . do you care if your mate is smart ? have you ever ... what do you care what other people think by richard p feynman . http://27.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_l0pbylgDur1qzjlgoo1_400.jpg gogol's dead souls and the story of language by mario pei . remus lupin played by david thewlis [ who was also sexy as hell in the island of dr moreau <3 ] from harry potter . oh god yes . http://www.aceshowbiz.com/images/still/harry_potter_hbp31.jpg ok , so , you know how every now and again there's that 2 hour special on national geographic about ancient egypt or something , and that really nerdy person comes on and they start talking about the ... i'm a junior . i cannot stand my high school . it's very small [ we're a 3a , almost 2a ] and the teachers celebrate us being academically acceptable , which doesn't even happen every year . after ... name : evaline . age : 17 . shoe size : 6/7 . height : 5 ' 4 . weight : 120 lbs .. ? pants size : 2 . shirt size : s . innie or outie ? innie . love questions heh i do this a lot , as well . i'll get really into something , in my head , and when it calms down up there i realise my mouth is all screwed up and my eyebrows are all scrunched together and i can't ... i do have a soft spot for dogs . except , real dogs , not fake dogs , like that pomeranian . for example , my pit bull , joan . <3 also , as much as it kills me to admit it , sometimes little kids kind of get ... ... after spending hours researching a newly found , interesting subject , you immediately try to come up with arguments to prove yourself and / or your newly found knowledge completely wrong , just so you ... we aren't having problems , i was just curious . my boyfriend sounds a lot like the guy you had a crush on . sometimes i wish he would talk just a little bit less , but he is very romantic , and he's a ... if i'm alone or if nothing particularly amusing is happening , i [ apparently ] usually look like i'm about to rip somebody's head off . true ! i used to be an intj , but i've gotten a lot sillier and now i'm an intp . most of my favourite songs [ like , the ones i'm freaking in love with ] , i dug within the first 2 seconds or so . sometimes , though , it does take a little longer . i am an intp and my boyfriend is an entj . are we doomed to destroy each other or is there hope ? for the love of all things good and sacred , if you're an intellectual , stay out of small towns in the south . i think it's more in the nature of an intp female to simply avoid it at all costs rather than actually deal with it . as for the drama queen thing , my boyfriend is more of one than me . haha '