hmm let's see : self-centered , insecure , clingy , don't trust people , lazy , quitter , shallow ... well maybe it is not the mosst complex type , but i can see how they can be misunderstood . in my opinion they are like the quiet introverts , but at the same time very concerned with how they appear ... 4874648747 48748 not exactly sure of my type ... but here are pictures i liked :) 4873948740 4874148742 48743 nessarific - you look awesome ! especially with wavy hair in photo 3 :) - barnes and noble , like many of you have mentioned . it has a unique appeal to me . also because it's right beside a starbucks ! ! which brings me to my next point ... - any cafe or relatively quiet ... why would we want to ? 4849048491 it's so strange , when i was in school i imagined i would become 18 , go off to college , have a career and have my life sorted just like that . also i though that once you were an adult in the eyes of ... i have no idea what the hell i'm on about any more aaaah ! aerials , in the sky , when you lose your mind you free your life ... : shocked : a singer called kayla kavanagh has an album called stranger than fiction , about her life and her struggles with borderline personality disorder . i need to stop making these irrelevant and bizarre ... fellow infproblematic , i feel your pain <3 i probably do , even though i suspect it isn't always correct to assume that life is logical . i read christie malry's own double entry recently , and had a good laugh at my silly self imprtant ... well , to me it is meaningless . because we will die . the universe goes on indefinitely . i am a temporarily lucid human with a consciousness . a day will come when i cease to exist . and nothing will ... i don't even know what i believe in anymore .. not sure of my type either , but i am definitely infx ... it's irrelevant to this thread though , i am forever the scatterbrain this is ezactly what i do . cannot keep telling myself it's ok because i don't weigh 90 pounds like i used to . by the way i am an undecided infp / infj ... i wonder which type is more susceptible to ... i should probably talk to someone ... the only thing is i don't want to worry my mum since i live at home and she already has concerns for me . i should have more money after november so i will look ... that was such a lovely post , madscribbler <3 thank you for taking your tine to write all that out .. i can definitely see how i am not able to see myself objectively . i have accepted my ' odd ' or ... did you pick your username based on the great gatsby ? cool it would really do me good to get out of my head and leave the house once in a while . ok , maybe go outside while dreaming or stay home ... i agree with you , i know i should kind of keep persevering in life . i think my issue is that a lot of the time i act cool and aloof with people , maybe i come across like this not to let anyone know ... then we are more alike than i thought : kitteh : cool , i must be like a coked-up cassie . actually i can never decide whether i am an infp or infj :/ i'm sure a lot of people on this forum will be able to relate to this . i have very vivid fantasies of ideal love , fulfilling day to day life and beauty , and i wish i didn't . it makes it so much ... no but they do look alike ... hmm http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ePipy6a3QxgSian conway - infp i get this from people who know me well . my mum , grandfather , grandmother and a few close friends have said things like : ' why are you holding back ? ' ' don't you trust me ? ' ' you never see the ... harry goldfarb in requiem for a dream <3 irrelevant , but biff loman is an infp cassie is definitely infp or infj effy is more like intj i really loved this show in first and second seasons :) 48350 i agree with a lot of you here ! jane eyre holden caulfield atticus and jem finch luna lovegood sheldon from big bang theory ( he's more intp but still quite similar to me ) effy from skins 1st ... i'm confused ... what do you mean by this ? do we not think like all the other types ? i'm pretty new with all this stuff , forgive me if i sound silly : 3 is this why people like me at first , but hate me after a while once they got to know me better ? ? : o if i'm not an infp then infj . sometimes i act like a enfp / intp but it's mostly due to being stressed . i think that as long as i have a tiny faith in goodness of life and humanity i can be happy . it sounds so easy , sometimes the simplest things will make me smile , like talking to an old friend , seeing ... what are you studying ? i took a gap year so right now i do two part time courses and looking for a job . actually i spend more time in my room on my laptop , but don't tell my mother :P i'm going ... i wait for someone to come along so i can forget about my pain for a while , then i somehow push them away because i don't trust them ( or myself ) but i expect them to still care about me ! what a diva ... it's difficult to say what gives a person their identity . is it their family of origin ? what if they lose touch or die ? or maybe it's their traits and personality ... which can change with time and ... i don't need it . i don't think i ' have a disorder ' , i am just how i have always been and reacting accordingly to my experiences in life . i should really see god to sort that out :/ i feel like i don't really understand this concept . when a infp type rties to develop their other functions , do they become like entj ? or should you act a particular type depending on how you need to ... several people have said to me that they think i have borderline personality disorder and have told me to get help for it :P i refuse to maybe this is right , if i didn't try to make people like me i would seem more normal i guess . eventually people who like me will stick by me anyway .. being an introvert , i spend a lot of time in my head and speak to a few people . i feel like i like being this way , but sometimes i want to make more friends and act differently , but when i try to act ... i feel like this . since childhood i was confused about who exactly i was and what life meant to me . i hate being told to be myself because i don't consciously try to act fake , i just feel quite lost ... oh wait ... ireland is europe :/ yeah , a lot of people from america and europe here . do you go to school or finished ? i love fall too ! most people are happy when summer starts but there's something about the darkness and cool weather of late autumn that i love . just noticed you live in dublin too ! cool http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IXdNnw99-Ic also watched this video which was trending , reminded me of reasons why i should not watch x factor ... nobody can figure me out ... i don't even know myself . but i debate between infp / infj . i think the one above me is a intj