' a mini snickers bar ( pouts ) still hungry ... hi there rei :) my name's elizabeth , or liz , depending on what mood i'm in :P finished high school , and i'm working at tafe atm basically which animal do you most relate to ( not like to be ) hi and welcome sibling type ( i'm infp ) ! :) hello and welcome from a fellow infp ! :D any kind of rain , light and drizzly or pelting down flood loads . early morning fog or mist is beautiful , and basically the less sun around the better . most comforting smells : my boyfriend warm , clean , clothes and bed sheets out of the dryer : 3 coffee and most warm milk drinks scents that remind me of my parent , such as mum's perfume , or ... favourite smells : newborn babies and that almost fluffy scent of most small animals ( who doesn't want to inhale their pet bunny or duckie ? : 3 ) the smell of rain , especially during an electrical ... i got blue , lavender , crystal ( in that order ) if there was a fourth i think it would be indigo : 3 blue http://www.lifecolorscity.com/uploads/colors/blue.jpg blues are some of the most loving , ... the 9 description works for me , especially this part : nines report that they dip in and out of conversations . a sector of their attention is mechanically focused on what is being said , but they ... this is great ! :D i'm a quality time person with physical touch coming a close second : 3 physical touch is a bit of a funny one though , i love it when someone touches me ( keep your minds out of ... mother : infp father : estp ( possibly j ) siblings all from same parents me : infp brother : infp brother : enfp brother : istj sister : enfp mother : infp father : estp ( possibly estj , not exactly sure ) siblings , eldest to youngest ( all from same parents ) me : infp brother : infp brother : enfp brother : istj sister : enfp sister : infp still studying , high school and tafe i'm right handed but there are a lot of things i can ( and sometimes prefer to ) use my left hand for . i'm not quite ambidextrous . despite being right handed i am very much right brained , almost only ... my enfp brother is naturally left handed , but has learnt to use his right hand for a lot or things i'm straight . i don't find other women at all attractive , but i do ponder on the advantages of a gay relationship ... maybe two women could get along better than a man and a woman ? insomnia , internet , thinking ... from my point of view , different is probably the one word that best describes me :/ although i've had caring , artistic and thoughtful applied to me a lot more ... why i think i'm lucky to have infps who are so close to me ? basically because it makes me feel less alone and different ( if that's possible for an infp :P ) also , in general i feel none of the ... depends on what mood i'm in and the people around me ... mostly i'd say i'm mature , but i'm also a child at heart : 3 mine's either 4 or maybe 9 . i'm not 100 % sure , i think i could be more of a 4 wing i'm pretty lucky that some of the closest people in my life are infps xd my mum , younger brother and my boyfriend , if i didn't have them ( especially mum and bf ) i'd go completely crazy . having them ... shiny happy people , by r . e . m . only infps understand this song :( '