' while depression is only a small part of my illness ( not sure how much research you've done , but you may have something more complicated than depression . many mental illnesses are impossible to get ... i hate doctor who . i don't really know what i believe . i was raised ' christian , ' but i haven't believed in any of it since i was about 8 years old . at present i am really fascinated with the neopagan movement and ... betray hearth edit again : nevermind . explainaing electra heart in depth is way harder to put into words that i thought it would be . instead of listening to the songs out of order , listen to them in the album ... yes yes yes yes yes . she is my favorite musician . i love her work so much . it's almost always so insightful and sounds wonderful and isn't overly repetitive . she is a gift to pop music . infp snape or mcgonagall i just meant that on this forum and other mbti / jungian forums nts tend to embrace the stereotype that they don't have feelings at all . actually i see this is other types too . i see a lot of ... i was a bit too vague to really discuss that xd it would be a different process for different types , but my experience with entxs is limited , so i'll ignore them for the sake of the explanation . as ... i was referring to the part about not placing much stock in the opinions of people who have yet to prove themselves to the nt in question . i am aware of that part . unless you think that's inaccurate ? yes xd thank you guys . i am aware how it works . i was just frustrated . hence the title rant . i agree with everyone above . it seems likely that it might be he is interested in you romantically , but i also think you definitely need to talk to him about this , but very clearly ( and gently ) state ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tox_UDjLRCc please don't misunderstand , i generally like and get along really well with nts , but i am so freaking tired of the emotionless robot act . it's so incredibly irritating . i know tons of nts in person , ... grape i would give it like a 3 or 4 , i can definitely relate to the story , but it just didn't resonate . if i were in a bad mood , or already upset it would probably push me over the edge and i might cry . ... that's funny xd honestly , i think i look pretty intimidating too . i am a big guy , heavy set brow , wide shoulders . my friends have commented on it as well , saying they were a little scared at first , ... you sound like you might be demi-sexual , but maybe you just have a low sex drive , or maybe you just like a really specific kind of girl , but i doubt that you are completely asexual . although you ... i just finished it , and , it's a pretty accurate representation of what it's like . i don't think it will have nearly the same effect on closed-minded people , but they probably wouldn't take the time ... being alone . : i i don't really have anyone to lean on except myself . it will probably be a very long time before i trust people with my problems again . i dunno , some us might be tempted to eat people . : mellow : wow ! there actually does seem to be a connection so far . of course this is a small sample size and there are lots of variables but still xd i tend to get along with intps the best . infjs and intjs are good too . don't believe the heartless intx rumors . that's just what they want you to think ;p all the ones i know are very nice people , ... that sounds very inxp . the note taking makes me think intp . spans do you find that people just open up to you for no discernible reason ? in public i am very stone faced and anti-social , but despite this people still just talk to me . one time a girl literally came ... i didn't mean it in a derogatory way xd i don't really care what you're on , i probably know people on harder stuff anyway . however , it certainly does affect behavior . seralya i greatly appreciate this post xd very informative and helpful . the only problems i really have are that most of the suggestions on how to get along a very much against my natural ... i'm getting tons of mixed signals here . depending on how often , using drugs , especially shit like lsd , will really complicate identifying your type . i wouldn't even bother trying unless i was in an ... an infp with no passion ! : o how do you live ? this is very off topic but i have to inquire , are you a homestuck ? your avatar looks suspiciously like nepeta . so i was looking on this and almost all the infps said their favorite color ( s ) included some shade of green and / or purple . so i want to know if it's really the case or if it was some weird ... i believe you are definitely ixfp . i am not sure about ne or se , one big difference i have noticed between myself and my isfp friends , is that i have much stronger drive to learn and experience new ... first , your post was very helpful . thanks :P thank everyone actually , i wasn't expecting many people , if any at all to respond . upon reflection , it does seem to be xsfjs that i butt head with the ... i take issue with this . i understand where you are coming from , i also feel that way , but is it really fair to judge someone just because their values differ from your own ? at least with something as ... shiny i agree that'd probably be best to avoid sources of conflict . the problem is the source seems to be anything . we both get defensive very quickly ^ ^ endlessdaydream i actually think my ... i think the standards for social science experimentation are really sad . i mean , i am in no way an expert , but what papers i have read have had poorly designed experiments and practically ignored the ... i noticed in my personal life that i am completely surrounded by sensors . virtually my entire family has a sensing preference . we absolutely do not see eye to eye on anything . i think a lot of it ... i don't necessarily sing all the time , but there is almost always a song stuck in my head ( admittedly lots of pop and disney music ) and i hum a lot and tap beats with my fingers or feet . i was not ... thanks for the welcome guise ^ - ^ i agree , most porn feels pretty ... fake ? i guess , plastic is probably a better word . i understand your desire to see intimacy , rather than just physical pleasure . i find amateur videos are much ... just kidding . i'm here to help continue the trend of over saturating online forums with inxps . i've lurked on jungian type sites for months now , and my estimate is that about a third of active ... '