' no , but odds are i am wrong . accept that you have been wrong , will be wrong , and ( most likely ) are wrong . remember , to try and fail i can accept , but to fail and do nothing i cannot . by choice , i choose the pen to spill my heart with it's blood . hoop jumping requires writing science . like a pentium . we enjoy them . our skill level is variable . amphetamines phd paper ? you mean a thesis ? no one writes those for fun . if you mean journal articles , then the process of peer review might be problematic . editors like experimental evidence , not ideas . blogs ... hmmm ... be warned , there is little pleasure in ignore . much more fun in the attack . i have been ... told off ... when posting on other personality types boards ' ( grammar check please ) before , so do not take it personally . do not expect much sympathy here . in general , we have little ... rip mr.bigglesworth 530746 oh ? and don't worry about the lack of pictures . they will just close it down and start a new thread . it is overdue . i do not know the inheritance patterns of personality types , but being the only intj in your close or distant family is a strong argument against genetic inheritance . no , stop , don't . http://www.reactiongifs.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/ok-then.gif in theory , education increases your marginal productivity of labor . no man is an island , entire of itself , every man is a piece of the continent , a part of the main . https://faculty.washington.edu/heagerty/Courses/b572/public/StrunkWhite.pdf have a little respect for yourself and learn how to write . being have you ever gone by a different name on this forum ? time will make a crush fade , not the advice you wanted to hear but it is the only cure i know of . he was likely flirting with you . i suspect not telling you his personality type was flirting ... though ... nor am i . you are almost there . such tactics are appealing in the short term , but remember what the old school says , cause we wouldn't be here today if the old school didn't pave the way men should be treated ... ripe fruit could ferment . what makes the ouija board dark ? is there a light version of the ouija ? what makes something dark and something light ? are leprechauns good or evil ? you're just like a circus fire . work in a plant science field . be outdoors in the warm months and inside when field work is over . all 3 at the same time . wrong , we gain our power by decapitating other intjs and absorbing their essence . i think you know why she is saying this . you gave several examples of how she lies and is insecure , so can you really believe anything she says ? in class , did you talk about the frequency of the ... yeah well i am with mycroft . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d9SfFJz7QBI https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3flv5nWZgII https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WDgq-K2oYLo though i am curious if other intjs agree with me about shipping ... not that there is anything wrong with it . keep on communicating . say it , and nothing more , as you two drift off to sleep together . snapple nothing wrong with hate . like any other emotion it has its time and place , but only you can decide how to use it . ignore the trolls and they will go away . we lost missjordan ... perhaps not forever , many of us have retired and come back ... wrong . just a quote i like . there are only two kinds of men : those who feel and those who pretend . remember , though only the former can be loved , only the latter can be trusted . it is passion that blackens eyes , not calculation . in short , yes . before i say more , here the obligatory statement that i do not presume to speak for every intj . in burgeoning relationships i tend to focus more on my partner . they are new , ... 501c3 consulting least these entj-intj relationship threads tend to be more ... stimulating than the intj-enfp threads . not sure what the entj-xxfx equivalent is . i see what you and others are saying about this fellow , but i have to take his side here . without turning this into a long post about my own failed relationships , i have had that same conversation ... don't worry about it , gmos are highly regulated and studied . i have worked with them in both the public and private sector , plus i understand the science behind them , which is more than anyone else ... you are confusing the two uses of the word ' hybrid ' in plant science . 1 ) two inbred lines are crossed to produce an f1 seed , hybrid seed . it is a hybrid between two inbred parents . f1 seed is ... stop boring me and think . it's the new sexy ' merica plant breeder in training . i am with sehvral here , that article is pure drivel . if you want to get here 89109 you have to go through 89110 i suppose this is only fair , intjs have wrecked more than a little havoc on the enfp board . nope , perhaps one friend of old was an enfp . never knowing what to say or do . you want to place 9th in heredity ? does heredity mean genetics ? who wants to do some punnett squares with me ... lilysocks had some good advice for you in the last thread you created about this . congrats on the budding romance . '