' age discovered : 42 . current age : 44 ( 45 towards the end of this month ) type : intp i'm thinking an * nfp . - i feel a need for power . if there's a group of people that i'm in , i have to be in charge at some level , if not the top ( the top only if i'm qualified ) . i will not be a bottom rank . if i think it is ... intp or infp i'll take a guess and say estp ? i'm a theorist-stabilizer behind the scenes kinda gal . of the other interaction styles i aspire mostly towards chart the course . most of the time although , like a couple of previous posts on here , i have often wondered how much of these so-called things in common amongst intps are also true of people in general . cognitive process level of development ( preference , skill and frequency of use ) extraverted sensing ( se ) * * * ( 18.7 ) limited use introverted sensing ( si ) ... weekly british medical drama on bbc 1 . i'd love some insights on the possible types for the characters . i shall post a few snippets to give some idea but i suppose it's easier if you do follow the ... actually my esfp friend hated vegas & it was somewhere she had wanted to go for most of her life ( she's in her 30s ) . jet lag didn't help . she spent most of the holiday feeling very ill , her ... i agree the water analogy is not new . in the videos all i can say is that i got a sense of infj or similar . however he could be an istp using his tertiary & inferior functions to get his points ... dont think i'd have a problem with the gambling , shows etc as long as i could recharge in between but obviously as this is 24/7 i couldnt lol . lack of privacy and personal space would also be a big ... i am currently taking a week off to tidy my house so you can imagine how bad i can get . i tend to leave it until i have a good reason for doing so and this time it's because i want to rearrange and ... i thought i'd add my two pennworth with a few interviews from the man himself . i get an infj vibe from this . or some kind of nj . he's fascinating to watch and listen to at any rate .  ... i am 44 ( 45 in january ) : happy : maybe these can help ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r_2ZsMFY0fg http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QqPPqr3NsBU http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LV-RebIsRCY i sing when i think there's nobody else around . i have a nice voice but not a particularly strong one . have sung in a couple of choirs . i can hold a tune . my grandfather had a good voice & so does my ... i have a tendency to take things literally . for example when someone says something to me that is meant not to be taken seriously and even when i know that's the case i still go into a ramble of ... my own understanding is gradually improving but i still don't feel confident that i have grasped it totally . i was thinking today and out of that thinking came a thought and that thought was how ... action , adventure , comedy , fantasy , horror , musical , mystery , science-fiction , suspense and thriller . i'm trying to imagine what a film would be like with all of those genres in it : confused : i assume you are having doubts as to whether you are infp ? why ? nostalgia alone doesn't make me cry but add a couple of glasses of red wine to the mix and i'll have a quiet little weep to myself and think how it was so wonderful in the old days . what about us welsh ? i'll give you a little background with their history . they met in the mid 80s , married in the late 80s & divorced about 2 or 3 yrs ago . now they're back together but as close friends . anway , for the ... does this help ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ic7JnF4vStA me intp . best friends esfp & estj . befriended by both . my esfp friend thought i was too quiet & something needed to be done . estj found me hard to get to know but perservered . have known my esfp for ... for 35,29 % you are : personality d your personality name is x93 the judicious rationalizerx 94 a kind of x93the humblerx 94 in lamens terms your genius level : ( based on a scale of 1-10 ) you scored : 8.6- 10 ... another brit here . from wales i am : happy : adbc - intp female . to me she comes across as entp . xnxp ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yf6kUg8QH7Y http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FT9hGAlt89o and a biog : - biog | chris packham right handed . and if there is a relation between that and eyesight then my right eye is dominant . i had to have corrective glasses for a lazy left eye when i was about 6 . the left lens on my ... this is a great thread . it should be a sticky . i don't feel confident enough to attempt this myself so any suggestions ? gene hunt alex drake shaz granger ray carling chris skelton i've selected the main ones but feel free to add more . i got 19 . does anyone else with a high score get migraines ? actualized type : intp ( who you are ) introverted ( i ) 84.62 % extroverted ( e ) 15.38 % intuitive ( n ) 60 % sensing ( s ) 40 % thinking ( t ) 65.22 % feeling ( f ) 34.78 % perceiving ( p ) 76.92 % judging ( j ) ... istp on first go then decided to have another go just to see what would happen if i changed my answer to the fridge question . i got intp . thing is i see both a nearly empty fridge and the carton and ... i would have asked you if you were ok and what the matter was assuming whatever it is has something to do with the new guests . i made no connection to the onion whatsoever . i have a younger brother by 4 years and 10 months . when i do buy my clothes i tend to favour charity & secondhand shops for much the same reasons as maneater . i don't go by fashion or trends but by what takes my fancy . and if i can afford it of ... i grew up with his shows . i watched a programme about him this evening ; heroes of comedy . according to close friends & colleagues he was a very private person , quite shy , non-materialistic & hated ... thank you . yes i youtubed him again before i remembered i'd posted this on here & thought infp a possibility . because since i got into mbti i've been curious to know what types people are ; especially friends , family , workmates & that includes people i've been close to in my past . just thought i'd start with ... i haven't driven in about 12 years . i went through 4 driving instructors ( the 3rd one mysteriously disappeared ) & 3 years of lessons before i passed my test . on the fourth attempt . i know that isn't ... i have 2 close friends ; esfp & isfj . they both actually befriended me but in completely different ways . that's all i could remember / think of . esfj 89 % very expressed extrovert 62 % distinctly expressed sensing personality 88 % very expressed feeling personality 33 % moderately expressed judging personality thought i'd take the ... our relationship lasted for 8 yrs & on the whole it was good . it ended because it wasnt going anywhere & he believed he was holding me back . so , 1986 i first met him on my first day of work . just 3 ... he's socially awkward & i think he tries to make up for that with being a genius & that may be how he comes out as arrogant . i dunno . anyway i'm inclined to guess intj if he is an introvert . i was bored in work last week so in between doing what i'm supposed to do i decided to see what i would get if i added up certain functions from the test . so : - all introverted functions ... '