' i dreamt that i had to investigate / review evidence of something wrong that had happened . it involved going into a back room to check camera footage . the shopfront looked a bit like a retail outlet ... bruh . :( it isn't a painful function . it's definitely a misunderstood one . it doesn't mean that we're selfish feelers , which is what a lot of people think . i defend my auxiliary being called ... [ quote = goodthankyou ; 3026361 8] fi seems to be quite a painful function to have , tbh [ quote ] bruh . :( it isn't a painful function . it's definitely a misunderstood one . it doesn't mean that we're ... i completely by chance searched the word gurning , because i wanted to teach you the word for it . behold , i have found the video of that guy ! https://youtu.be/PzP1XC51kro fancy that . i'm a shit liar because i fundamentally disagree with it and i guess the tell-tale signs are a way of punishing myself for doing so . i think xsfp are a lot less likely to lie about their feelings ... esfps are a lot less likely to get mugged off than we are . they know when it's not worth pursuing an interaction / relationship . i agree with the comments about second-guessing . that leads to the ... find out what they do with their spare time , then find out why they do it . i also think estps are better liars , and esfps are a lot less comfortable with doing so . i think the poker-face ... huh ? http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v299/Ironite/DSC_0001-01_zpsxxhd9puw.jpeg i think this might be what you're describing . this is a page from susan jeffers ' ' feel the fear and do it anyway ' ... i am on a journey , each day more capable and confident than the last . whatever happens , i'll handle it ! be strong ; these things just take time . just know that it only gets easier , but time won't ' heal ' the loss of a loved one . consistently remind yourself of how grateful you are to have had the time ... this is just a bunch of things different people like . that in itself makes this thread kinda cool . i like to try to put real shit into crazy situations . i asked some infjs to tell me a subject that i'd spend 15 mins on . i ended up extending the time limit to nurture more intricate ideas . here's ... i like this statement . i can make myself fit and strong , i can make myself fearless and attractive , i can be sociable witty and smart . i just don't . i just don't . wall , lamppost , supervisor ... i'd say space / time and really dry , sincere compliments . this was in photoshop . just go find a curious type . : angry : oh god , ' music ' . i now sympathise with the op entirely . i was reading this intp profile , which perfectly illustrates the importance of fe and si in music , as well as a ti and si pairing which ... i just got other people to direct me . i'd pick and choose what i did in the end , but having a seed really worked . i started a thread in the infj section ( i thought i was infj for a long time ) . i ... ialti may as well be pming you , for the scope of this discussion ! i'm not trying to overcome a gun phobia here ... although it would be nice to have it not affect me . recordings aren't the same as the consuming , spacial sound that comes with real life . i can watch ... no , i haven't done it . honestly the whole idea is something i don't like . i don't want to use a gun at the moment . i'm not comfortable with the idea of shooting someone . i'll leave it to people that ... thanks for the input . i guess we differ in that i ’ m not a big or heavy guy . i can deal with crises , that's very different . usually these things arrive with little anticipation . i am more ... from personal experience and from reading intp profiles , i have noticed that for a p-type , wex 92re generally pretty awful with surprises . generally having a powerful grip over predictions and ... i find it really strange that you're saying i thought intps were really good at focusing , and here you are . you're an intp , you should know that focus is not a thing that is very easily controlled ... i liked having the time for art , but often my own spin / interpretation of the task got me into trouble . that i didn't like at all . subsequently i taught myself a lot of what i know over the course of ... it must be pretty bad to make an entj cry . : angry : i don't want someone to think something about me based on a thing i did , without me having a chance to explain why i did that thing . it takes forever to creep things into that si that you never wanted to be there . that and one theory is ... that it's nice to hate things - especially about people . i find that when that person ... stardew valley is all i play at the moment ... i dread to think what the lead-up was ! it's a combination of things . don't confuse it with aggression . i didn't grab him and scream in his face to scare him . i didn't like the game because it made me uncomfortable . rather than feel ... i spend 5 minutes around a clear enfp at work and a bald patch crops up . he decided to create this game where you have to yell a food item louder than the person before . i hated it so much that i ... enfps drive me nuts . if i didn't know i was intp before , i do now ... that's so strange , because i am just eating the carbonara i made ... i only want to play online games with people i know ... occasionally i'll want random company , but they always either fuck it up or leave me feeling like i'm a rookie ! well said ! i'm sure , without being too patronising , the op will come out of this self-destructive rut and see the light again . i liked all of what you said , but to avoid a wall-of-quote ... this is so funny . if i fall in love with an idea , i do everything / anything to get it done . unfortunately this applies to having a ... i guess that is what i'm really asking - but i wondered why the tests always mess up . entp comes up occasionally , and i've tested intp once . i chat away about my type a lot , but it's hard to find ... liquidlucy this is a break-down i got from similarminds . i'll try the one you sent me as well . te ( extroverted thinking ) ( 10 % ) your valuation of / adherence to logic of external systems / ... kittenklyn i tried to mention you , but the tags always break . the test results reflect the strong perceiving preference you pointed out . that's one of the main things that really stands out . it almost single-handedly shuts down the possibility that i'm infj . ... http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v299/Ironite/Capture99_zps1qqxtpfq.png these preferences have come up this time , but i haven't tested infj for a long time - in fact not since 2011 . i was ... it's funny you should say that , because i recently have fallen sort-of-in-love with an ex youth worker . i agree with you disagreeing with this ... proving it , however ! intx-types are so foreign . i feel as though sometimes the company of an nt type is better than someone caring . sometimes you ... excuse me while i throw up in my mouth . accuracy-sickness . kil-meh'-now . ( beast read like a jamaican lady ) i think that infjs are really quite easily ticked off by things they ' can't help ' ... http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v299/Ironite/Plantmouth-2_zpsgutt1vko.png i ended up really enjoying making this horrible thing . i messed up the face the first time around , but didn't want to ... http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v299/Ironite/Sens_zpszmfqmbe7.png this is the first thing i thought of . the background is intentionally empty . this is next ... this is after ... '