' i love this . so true , all of it . i have to disagree with those two statements . my involvement with a fellow infp , which ended up going completely wrong , shed light to me on the self-centered nature of our infp fi . yes , while things ... yup , same here . i also notice it a lot in regards to how my ne behaves . i seem to have been stuck in an fi-si loop for what feels like forever now , and sometimes it makes me doubt my type , because i ... personally , what i have a serious problem with is the apparent notion that the potential pitfalls for our personality type are an instant deal breaker for most women , yet other types ' own potential ... i can relate with what you said , i too tend to overanalyze on 1 vs 1 games , and in fighting videogames i too lack the skill to pull off certain moves . in addition , once things don't go my way , i can ... oh yes , i've seen this too , haha . no offense to any te users who may read this , but this doesn't make much sense to me . it sounds like overblown te ; using the function where it doesn't belong ... i couldn't agree more . i think the notion of getting together with someone who complements us strikes closer to home with te and fe types . fe types have the tendency to help everyone around them ... i agree with this . i honestly find it kind of lazy to get together with someone that balances one's personality ; it seems to imply that the matters that one is not good at will be left in the hands ... this . authenticity is a huge turn on , both personality-wise and in regards to looks . make up is almost always an instant turn off for me . openness when it comes to sex , and wanting to try new ... i've seen this behavior , but in an infp , actually . i don't have a whole lot of real life experience with isfps , but my only experience with another infp has been horrible . i do agree with what has ... from my experience and own interactions with infjs , i've seen that infjs tend to have more collectivistic values , whereas infps ' views are more individualistic . this is obviously not true for all ... you could always try telling her how she would feel if she were in the shoes of those around her , how she would feel if she was on the receiving end of her own behavior , etc . if logic doesn't work , ... i find that those theories do not translate well into reality . shared functions or not , i find that estjs are in direct opposition to the very things that i stand for ; as such , interaction with them ... exactly my experience . this is highly common among introverted types , and more particularly among fi users , so if he's a type that has that function , this is pretty normal behavior . besides the role that shyness itself ... i'm in a similar situation . last year i met this girl with whom i'm great friends now . it's a deep , close and unconventional friendship , in a way ; we both see it that way . i started developing ... disillusioned . almost numb . disappointed by the fact that the ideal form of connecting to someone is just that , and ideal ; thus , unattainable . also , like shit , for being as inhumane as to measure ... yep , it could , as tests can be very inaccurate . at their core , isfps and infps are extremely similar , so you'll definitely see yourself in the isfp is you are considering infp . i advise you to ... not that i'm purposefully casting more doubts into you now that you've settled for infp , but i'm getting an infj vibe here , to be honest . from what you've written , i gather that you put a lot of ... i saw this in an infp description , it was used to illustrate the essential differences between the infp and the intp . it's from soren kierkegaard : x93there is something missing in my life , and it ... just wanted to comment on this particular bit : if ti is more concerned with ideas and with the abstract , te is concerned with empiric , objective data . ergo , the whole asking for facts thing ... i think jung was purposefully vague about function hierarchy because he realized that from his 8 basic personality types there could be endless amounts of subtypes . mbti's and socionic's 16 types ... nope , just the other way around , actually . first i got into mbti , then i started reading jung more in depth , which made me rethink a lot of things about mbti . this is very interesting , it's an issue i've had with mbti too , and i'm sure it's lead to a lot of mistyping . like you said , in mbti , it's like the dominant and the auxiliary are inseparable in a ... both mbti and socionics assume that if you are introverted ( and thus have a primary function which is introverted ) your auxiliary function will be extroverted . some people believe that's not ... i agree with ray mabry here , in the end there will always be different interpretations and definitions floating around of the same thing . even jung himself , initially , had a very different concept of ... i don't know much about socionics , but in mbti the whole j / p dichotomy bothers me . it baffles me that an introverted feeler would be typed as a perceiving type based solely on their auxiliary ... i agree with a lot of what has been said here . while i admit i have fun trying to figure other people's types , as well as my own , typing people for the sake of typing , putting you and others in ... i agree with what entr 0py said . lots of infps claim to have very strong ti , and that doesn't make them any less of an infp . yes , fi and ti oppose each other , but not as much as te opposes to fi . even ... hey all . i'm in the middle of an assignment for my psychology major , in which we're supposed to pass a questionnaire to people , get the results back and then analyze them . i need as many people as ... i think i need my significant other to show me affection and to be open ( at least to a certain degree ) about their feelings , but overall i'd go with intp , as i don't see myself being with a sensor ... fifty fifty . i thought i would score higher into the female side of the continuum , but i guess it's accurate , as i really don't fully relate to either genre , for the better or the worse : are you referring to romantic relationships , or any kind of relationship ? if the latter , i've known for over 3 years someone who i believe is an istp ( never made him take the test , but he seems like ... i'm putting my money on introverted feeling as your primary , based on a couple of things you described there ( such as hating hearing people insult others ) , which would confirm that you are ixfp ... i certainly did . not exactly the same way , but very very similar . in fact , to some very small degree , i think it still happens to me . not the being in some sort of game thing , but feeling that ... fire . fire = passion . what is life without passion ? ( not coincidentally , my favorite color is red ) i think i get infatuated with someone pretty damn quickly . as for true love ... i don't think i've ever experienced it , so i don't know . i tend to get quite emotional about my crushes ( that damn fi ... actually , i said that imagining how it could for other people , because looking back at my whole life i'm pretty sure i've always been both an n and a p , hah . this contradicts what i said , but i think ... i think introversion and the f are pretty much determined at birth . on one hand , introversion is about our energy levels , about getting energized with alone time and drained with social interaction , ... yeah , i feel you . it's usually either about those topics or about women ( in a superficial kind of way , suffice to say ) . the solution would be , obviously , to go find other nfs to surround ourselves ... male infp here , but i can relate ( actually , most people here probably will ) . i can't feel completely attracted to someone just based on the physical component , and not only do i need to be attracted ... besides female infps being pretty , i have to add that they also have incredibly nice voices . on top of it just sounding nice , it always seems to have a certain aura of shyness to it that makes you ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zb289srffGA sound's horrible , i don't know what's up with my webcam . and in the previous videos i tried making it was even worse . anyway ... yeah ... * goes hide in ... same here . also , my verbal english kind of sucks , so that really puts me off of making one :d ry : i second that . seriously , what's up with that . is there some infp female gene or something that you all share ? because every infp girl i've ever seen has been nothing short of astonishing . enfjs and enfps sound totally awesome . they are types with whom we infps can both connect to on a significant and meaningful level , and complement each other with our differences . being in a ... i think you could tell her just what you wrote here . tell her how you feel about it , tell her that you want to comfort her because you care about her , and also how you don't want invade her space , ... i've never thought of doing that trigger cue cue thing , i'll have to give it a shot , maybe it comes useful for me too ! in my case , i think self-rumination does the most harm to me right ... exactly the same here . i still , inevitably , engage in self-rumination after certain social interactions , but for the most part i think i made the transition from self-rumination towards ... i'm sure there are awesome people of all personality types , but you could say i'm a bit biased against estps , due to someone i met of said personality type . inconsiderate , insensitive and egocentric ... '