i don't place much faith in tests . actually , i don't place any faith in thetests , or faith in anything for that matter . : bored : so i would have to ask ; what functions do you think youuse ? what ... i wasn't raised nor taught any formal method of religion during my childhood and teens . even as a kid though , i was skeptical regarding the idea of god , heaven , and christianity ; both in means of ... uhhh wow , it has been forever since i've seen thatshow . lemme think about those characters . . . odd : enfp 7w6 yumi : istj 6w5 honestly i can't remember anything about the show aside ... enfp 6w7 leo no , there is no connection between mbti / jcf / enneagram andastrology . would i be insane to think that vegeta might be an esfj ? yes , esfj . typing you might be easier if you provided some basic information regarding yourself . some yes , others i'm unsure . if i do disagree with any others i'll definitely voice my opposition . that , or get around to watching more anime first so that i'm more knowledgable about the ... makes sense . i concur . i have presented here my theory on a new form of the enneagram that i have created . i welcome any and all advice , critique , discussion , etc . so please , tell me what ya'll think of it :) new ... yeah , zapp is definitely a 3 . not sure about kiff though ; 2 , 6 , and 9 could all fit him fairly well . it would certainly be an interesting combination of types . i would much like to actually meet such an individual in real life . anywho , they'd be a person who chooses to make desicions based on ... seems like a good list overall , but concerning these two different types , why are they so different ? i mean i haven't seen either anime in quite a long time , but from what i remember black star was ... i actually understand that problem far too well ; both from seeing others struggle with it , and myself at times feeling torn between two types because of the motivation / personality split .  ... well , it would certianly make typing yourself via the enneagram much more difficult : tongue : i'm 6-4- 1 . here is a few pics that could best represent my tri-type ( aka the philosopher ): 29009 29010 29011 it's not a stupid question ; anyone with even mild curiosity in the field of typology is likely to ask it . the enneagram ( and all other typology systems ) is nothing more than a model ; it arranges ... most of this isn't really relevant in attempting to discern between enfp and entp ; both types could embody these traits easily . how does she derive her ethical values ? how does she approach ... there's not much to go off here , but i'd say esfp 7w6 so / sx should be about right . why thank you . going with this , esfp still seems most likely . she could still be sp dom ; sp's can sacrifice for others when needed , they're not completely selfish or anything . i also see a six fix in this ... i realte somewhat to type 4 ; given tri-type theory , it fits my heart triad somewhat well . as for core type , i'm not so sure , given that i don't relate that much to it , only somewhat . also , under ... it is a bit of a strange pairing given that it's usually enfp that gets typed 7 ( well compared to infp anyway ) , but given that the functions that i saw were more fi / ne with some si and no real te , ... oh , they're the instinctual varients that are an extension of the enneagram . sx types for example desire a level of insenity and bonding , so types want recognition in the social world , and sp types ... she seems passionate and intense , with a strong desire to experience things in life . although to be honest , i'm actually not to sure on the sx / so myself , so don't regard it as tentative nor certain , ... i don't see any particular reason why ni / ne users would prefer different video games compared to si / se users ; i'm n yet i play a wide variety of video game genres . infp 7w8 sx / so seems most likely . being familiar with many types is normal given the complexity of people ; boxes of personality types is not a naturally occuring phenomenon , thus being confused among two , three , or a million types is ... any other information that you can share . specifically , what cogntiive functions does she seem to use most ? how does she intake information and how does she make desicions ? also , what are her core ... possible ; at the very least i do think his heart fix shouldat least be second in his tri-type . really ? i may have to do some reconsideration into his tri-type . hi elfboy ! ... i disagree , he might be obsessed with himself , but his desire to change the world does seem authentic . yes , perhaps that desire was focused less on the later part of the series , probably because the ... infp should be about right , but i am still unsure , although i'm usually unsure of just about everything . there is a possibility ( discovered through an anonymous questionaire on another site ) that i ... meh the thread doesn't seem that long ; i've noticed that ' type me ' threads will sometimes go completely unnoticed while others get far too much attention . that why i make it a habit of mine to post ... source for those quotes above : socionics - the16types.info - enneagram instinctual subtypes light is most definitely an so 1 ; yes he's narcissistic , but he still wants the world reformated in his pure image of how it should be , which invovles the slughter of anyone who isn't perfectly ... these typings are based on the amc tv series , not the comic ( which i have not read ) . rick : isfp ( or enfj ) 6w5 sx / sp esi-fi shane : enfj 8w7 sp / sx see-fe daryll : estp 8w7 sp / sx carl : istp ... seems like as esfp , enneagram wise , 9w8 > 2w1 > 6w5 ( ? ) sp / so in all honesty though , there isn't really a lot of information to go off from here . intj 5w6 > 9w1 > 4w5 sp / sx i'm actually not that certain on the tri-type , but you definitely seem like an intj 5 ; 5w4 or 5w6 could be possible as well . well , if i am nj , that would leave only entj and intj as possible types , and given that i'm probably not fi inferior , intj would then be the logical conclusion / possibility . overall though , i ... true , i have heard before that the core type is of greater importance than the tri-type itself , so i do need to focus on that . perhaps i'll read up on some 9 sp descriptions and see how much i ... that is certainly possible . although i should mention that i entertain the notion of tri-type , so 9w8 could easily fit for my gut fix . sx 9 is a little iffy , i'm probably sp first or something .  ... actually the problem with the edit feature is that it won't save when i hit the save button , and when i go to the advanced edit , an error occurs . :/ intp hmmm ... intruging . any thoughts concerning my enneagram type ? how , and thanks for the link ( and edit advice ) , i'll be sure to check it out . i just noticed that some of the words got placed together when i copied and pasted my list . i apologize for that , it looks messy and what's worst is that the editing feature doesn't seem to be ... so i'm curious as to what my type may be , but i feel as though confirmation from others would be useful . so here is a list of information concerning me , have fun . thanks . - i tend ... infp could be possible , but overall more information is needed in order assess you type . how do you relate to the cognitive functions ? ones aren't neo nazis but neo nazis are typically ones . the baby's desire is to see the world reconstructed as something perfect according to the doctrines of the nazi philosophy ( te dominance and 1 ... jesus is 1w2 so / sx ( or sx / so ) if i remember correctly . don't be crazy the ballon will be fine * ballon pops * . . . nooo ! : shocked : yay a welcome ballon , thanks ~ o : kitteh : there's a certain atmosphere that i feel around the time of december ; like a certain familiar sensory experience that can only be known to me during that time of the year . for me these days , it's ...