' at least on the surface , he seems to show both ni / te and te / ni , as well as se / fi or fi / se as his inferior . what does tertiary fi look like to you , as compared to tertiary se ? his obsession with ... i think we would see more dominant-te from him though . seconded on angelcat - if tom riddle is an entj , he's the quietest one i've ever seen ; he shares his plans with no one until he's sure of them ... does it really ? yes , it relates to how the person interacts with the environment , but istps are ti first , and depending on how in touch they are with their functions ( and how introverted they are ) ... hmm . i'm not sure how good a method that is for telling if a person has se . ( though for the record i do think djter shows inferior se . for the moment i'm leaning very strongly infj - although a very ... huge thanks for analyzing all of it and offering your perspective ! on elaborating on some of my answers ... ^ just to add to this , another thing that energizes me would be having a vision ... thanks ! hmm . so you see possible tine or neti but also possible te ? the entire set of those functions - including ni - i relate to at various points , which is why it's difficult for me to figure out ... other things that do trip me up being that i think i thrive on conflict and challenges . i have an infp sister and i can see how conflict distresses her extremely , but my take on it is very different ... oh wow , thanks for going through both surveys and typing out your thoughts . i really , really do appreciate it . ( tangential , but since this might be helpful to how i think : i really do mean it ... that's interesting . i derived ni-se by a completely different method from acerbusvenator . i understand ni as being attached to ideas ( vs fi's attachment to values , and ti's attachment to logic / ... well , you're certainly best placed to recognise the functions in yourself ! although i still say more opinions would be helpful . agreed with acerbusvenator above . i see definite , definite ni-dom ( and inferior-se ) , so not intp now , but it's become a toss up between intj / infj for me . there's definitely an idealism and a lack of ... yeah ... i can't say for sure , but your communication style does seem more istp than intp . you're also a lot more concise and less theoretical than most intps i know . as well as some other things ... that does seem to show clear ne preference over se ! although ni and si are both high ... i'm not sure . perhaps an intp could pop by and advise on whether they see ne . they'd probably be better placed ... why not ? you could try , and see if that helps ! i tend to come up with ... weird and unhelpful results on cognitive function tests myself , which i put down either to weird development or ... tertiary ni i'm guessing ? there's a thread on it here : http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/110155-tertiary-ni.html with some istps sharing on what it means to them . it might help . the first questionnaire did suggest ti with inferior fe , and i'm leaning istp because of certain answers : unless the project counted for a major chunk of my grade , i liked the class , subject , or ... oh yes . i do see the obvious difference in communication style , and what you mean by fi through te for you . interesting . this makes it clearer . thank you ! i see ! thanks for the examples . hmm . i think i begin to see what you mean ... as someone who went through a similar debate on their type ( if you have the time and don't mind ) do you happen to get ... oh yes . the intp / j forums can seem ( not always , but they certainly can ) almost a caricature of the type sometimes . although i do relate to the detached / objective nature of those forums better than i ... i don't know if it's just my own preferences that leads to me conclude that ( external crisis ---> internal soul searching / who am i ? ) but yup ! it does seem everyone does this to some extent . which ... hmm . amusement at the ni tangential ramble in the first paragraph aside which i'm frequently guilty of doing too ... ;) definitely not fi there . it's quite fe driven - both the relationship with ... on one hand , and with regard to what said , what you instinctively revealed might be indicative of your preferences ( and that was si ) . so that could indeed mean si-ne . on the other ... oh yup . i've read that too - that intjs tend to be more confident of their type , and that since society generally tends to impose j-type values , it's more common for intps to mistype as intjs ... nice description . thanks ! yeah , one thing i've noticed - and for all i know it's true of myself too - many of us who appear on the ' what's my type ' forum tend to be going through something ( and i ... yup . definitely an n-dom , although i can't tell whether ni or ne . i get an overall vibe of fe from some of the answers ... i'm not sure if that would be surprising in an intp ( manwithouthats - would ... i agree with most of this , although i must say i see why you're unsure , because i can see flickers of both intp ( ti-ne ) but also surprisingly high fe and there's a spiritual bent to some of your ... aww . but thanks nonetheless again ( because it does take effort to go through something like that ) . congratulations on being almost done yourself too , incidentally , and all the best for the last ... really ? thank you ! i shall wait . i know i typed a lot , so thanks for taking the time to look through it :) ... one of my friends suggested i should be looking at infj instead though i'm not sure i see high-fe in myself . i expect a known fe-user would be better placed to advise on this though . help please ? ... yeah . most fi users i know tend to be quite aware of their fi ( or , when pointed to descriptions of fi , quite swiftly respond with ' this is me ' ) - at least from what i can see on the forum , and from ... amusingly , my first thought when i read this was that you might be an fi-dom ( either isfp or infp ) . then i scrolled up again and saw the comment on your friend thinking you were an fi-dom . i'm still ... yeah . i'm not sure how accurate the extraverted thinking description is . i assume it's not altogether inaccurate , although i have to wonder how many te-doms actually agree with it . it seems rather ... hmm . i remember becoming more introverted later in my childhood too , and being bossier and more domineering when i was younger ( especially in my interactions with my peers ) . i think my mother's ... most of those things ( rebellious , disobedient , difficult ) could point to either , and to be fair your mom's description is probably slightly coloured by her own bias ( or distorted by time ) , though ... oh yes . i see what you mean now . the answers do seem to indicate a slight preference for introversion , but sufficient comfort with the corresponding extraverted function ( te ) that i'm hesitant to ... both suggest that you're fairly in touch with your fi anyway . which might explain your answers on your beliefs and morals , emphasis on integrity etc . just looked at your second questionnaire again , ... oh ! i wonder . there are intj 8s , and it is quite a common enneagram type for intjs too , although perhaps being in a state of unhealthy 5 led to you scoring introverted ( the way most tests are ... really ? i could still see both . for instance inferior-se restlessness could lead to wanting to get out of the house etc . hmm . i just noticed that you're e8 . i'm not sure if that would make a difference to your desire to take charge and goal-orientedness ( though this usually seems more e3 ) even if introverted , though it ... hmm . i've seen both intjs and entjs express something to this effect , though most etjs i know tend to be more black-and-white about their moral beliefs and with using it to justify how they react to ... interesting . i see a lot of te , but also ni , definitely . have you considered inferior-fi and tertiary-se ? because your answers to both questionnaires seem to point more to that , than fi-se , to me ... i realized that probably would have been more helpful . done and thanks ! 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , ... hi ! there're probably quite a number of threads on how to spot the difference between ni / te and ti / ne , and i've read a fair number ... but i'm still confused on my type . i used to type intp all the ... yeah . agreed . an 8 probably wouldn't bother so much with how he might appear to others . indeed ! :) and yeah , he doesn't seem to have the aggression and anger you'd expect of an 8 ( or any gut type really with regard to the ' anger ' part ) . hmm , the reinventing himself and taking on a new ... having both 1w2 and 3w2 could result in quite a strong 2 influence even if it's not in his trifix , but 153 seems really off , while 125 ( or 152 ? ) i could see . oh yes , he did very much prefer to ... 2w3 seems the most likely , or at least closer than 3 and 4 , which i can't quite see . hmm . that does work . oh yes . i've never been able to figure out if he's a core 8 or a core 3 . i could see 385 ... oh yes ! looks good . narcissa's probably a core 6 , perhaps ? i don't see her as a 9 or a 3 . i wonder what dumbledore's enneagram type / tritype might be . he's more difficult to place . there's a 1 and a ... narcissa i think would likely be a 9 , although she could be a 9w1 . lucius probably an 8w9 . it might even be his core , i think . they're both fairly security and appearance / status oriented , despite being different types . hmm . it's probably a little more difficult to place a gut-center for either though . yup ! se-dom indeed . '