regatdijg the question about the saturday night i probably would have felt a certain responsibility towards my peers but i would probably go with the decision i like ( which can include going out with ... on the question of how i judhe my ideas i could accept ideas because they make sense ( probably because i am so freaking excited about the idea in the first place . i do however look for information ... i di howver agree with me taking others peoples feelings into account when making a decision but i think this is more because i wanna hold up a good reputation then me actually just doing that ... i think i have over emphasised me calling other people out for being unethical ( i was pissed at a guy hurt at the time i wrote it . here is the key to the questionnaire ( i didn ´ t look at it before answering the questions ) ... this questionnaire might not have focused on the perceiving functions but it will do guys i think i am totally hopeless . i mean seriously during the course of a couple of weeks i ´ ve changed my mind . why you might ask ? . well , i watched alot of mbti videos ( about the functions ... hi again ! you shall not post in the thread i've sent you ! in that thread you will find 20 questions that you can answer in this thread so that you may get advice about your type . hi hermione g ! ... hi ! i see that you have tried to study the mbti . you know what , the test is not the whole reality of the mbti ? the mbti is founded upon the idea of psychological types that originated with carl ... i were actually serious about the enfp thing . i strongly believe i'm an ne dom or auxillary so i don't think i am an sfj . i also do not exhibit some of the charecteristics of fe so if i had fe it ... thanks man ! i felt something was wrong ... then enfp it is ! yeah , i've been pondering this alot . te vs ti in the ne dominant types is a tough question ( considering feeling ans thinking being adjacent in the function stack ) . ti is experience based . that means ... i don ´ t know about you ´ re te though . if you were an enfp you would have te as you ´ re tertiary function . i cannot give you anything that indicates this ( except for you ´ re test results ) ( so you could ... exactly there are not “ activities ” that energize me , is only the possibility of the activity , what drain me is the activity in itself , the crash with reality , and especially with time : deadlines ... thank you yeah , i just thought you gave such wonderful examples of ne dominance in the links you gave me , so i thought you could gave me links on ni dominance . i know some of the definitions of ni since way ... from this i can really only conclude the presence of ne and fi . however fi seems to have a more dominant grip on you . q9 b ) could be an indication of inferior te , but also it could be a sign of being ... thanks for your answer ! it really helped clear up some things . i ´ m sorry if my answers were a little short ( i ´ m not as introspective as i should be ) . you welcome ! 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? the fact that i am a quite sensitive person although i am still a quite logical individual just messes with my mind . that ´ s the ... yeah , i ´ ll do that . it would be helpful if you could come back when i ´ ve filled out the questionnaire . i agree with former post . i can ´ t see you as anything else than an ne user and so in order for you to have fe you would have to be an entp with a highly developed fe ( which for the record is the ... thanks for claryfing your position ! i ´ m just curious as to why you in the first place said that q4 to 6 is something someone with a high preferance for thinking wouldn ´ t write if the answer on q5 ... i should probably not get involved in this again but i would like to contribute . you could still be an ne dom and consider your emotionalism and respect towards other people ( etc ) i would think it to ... hi ! your results on the tests are pretty non-conclusive which forces me to ask you to answer some questions . answer the 20 questions present in this thread : ... hi ! when you started speaking about respecting others perspectives i thought , ne lol . but the more i read about you the more fe you were shining through . i don ´ t know so very much about ni ( as it ´ s ... it is definitely something which would further confirm your type and the e-i issue could be answered through it . my advice would be to post it as a comment to your former post , i want to say that having a fear of other judging you or having a fear of being unliked could well indicate inferior fe in you ( it sure doesn't indicate fi who ... i hope all that makes sense . ps : you looking moody or depressed could be your ti shining through into your external appearence ( ti is very impersonal and logical ) . from this i can conclude that you probably use ti and you seem to show inferior fe . therefore i believe you are an intp . a love of language could be a sign of ti ( ti loves defining words and finding ... i'm from sweeeden by the way so you might see some spelling mistakes sometimes in my posts . the fact that i currently am writing this on my phone further complicates the issue good work ! when i first started learning english at school i watched a lot of american films . this gained me an advantage when it came to speaking english . keep it up ! with more italians ... i changed the post before this one , i relate more to the entp not to the intp thanks man for answering the questions before the big question ! from your answers i can relate more to the entp more than the intp , the thing about how they recieve feedback in particular . you do a good job writing down your thoughts . i have heard that italian in general are not very skilled in speaking / writing english . so bravo ! it becomes pretty clear in light of that test that you are indeed an nfp . i don't howerver trust test that much considering me getting diffrent results on diffrent tests . cognitive functions tests ... yeah , fantastic ! we ne users can feel alot of doubt regarding our type stemming from our perception of possibilities . it is much easier for the ni using types to discover their type , in my opinion ... i do adap my behaviour depending on my envirnoment . sometimes i mimic the style of speech that the other people around me uses ( i mean style of speaking ) . so yeah , then i can feel confident that i am ... great ! are you confident about which type you are ? hi again ! i apologize for my indecision ( ne driving me freaking crazy ) ? . i wonder about what you guys think of ti vs fi in me . again i am veryyy indecisive and secondguessing is like something i do ... i'm actually 15 this august i'm an 14 yeaoe old entp and stil being raised in a home with an esfj mother has greatly developed my fe . that's why i talked about it as a possibility but it's quite rare that's such a thing happens . i read some of your former posts . you seemed to feel more at home with infps than istps . this could be the shared ne . you secondguessing yourself is also a sign of ne ( seeing all the possibilities ... hi there ! you have a clear presence of ne ( seeing things from diffrent angles , saying random things etc ) . i don't get as much of wibe about your judging function ( fi or ti ) . some of what you have ... after further conaideration i'm pretty confident you're an infp or enfp . you do seem to use te alot more than what you would excpect from the typical infp ( considering that's their inferior ) , but at ... the you don't notice what's around you is a clear lack of se . se notices all the little details in the immediate environment . but i think besides that there is quite alot to suggest you use ne not ... correction : fi wants to hide their emotions from other people still i don't get an overly touchy feely wibe about you ( could be due to fi not wanting to hide their emotions ) . what you wrote about you not liking illogical people is a very intp / entp / all te doms ... the thing where you process thing out loud suggests a presence of te ( te processes information out loud ) . you do seem to do it occasionally which further suggests infp . i would agree that there is presence of fi but i see it more in a presence of te . i may have innacurately typed you on that front but ne is pretty clear