' i should clarify that this guy hasn't made any remarks yet , lol . i was just saying in general what i think about people who make remarks and think it's acceptable . in fact , my intp ex was the one who ... so his remarks are more of like , please support me , i need you right now sort of messages ? what about a close family member or a child ? i'd hope you'd understand if they needed to tend to someone like that more so in times of need and struggle . it's too early in the game right now to ... that's what i'm scared of . i listen , and i empathize , but i am so terrible at reading remarks , and honestly i greatly dislike people who expect me to respond positively to their back handed , wishy ... i mean it could be either of us , or it will be . i always had the impression that a healthy relationship requires these emotional relapses created by past hurts . i've had them with current friends , ... ha , when we first started talking to each other , i was pretty convinced it was nothing more than a booty call . then he showed interest in going to my work party with me , and i was pretty confused ... that's kind of what i'm rootin for . honestly i think i'm just terrified of my feeellings cuz damn are they fiery , uncontrollable . i'm like bruce banner , but instead of rage it's like this insane manic romance monster that burns ... ha i feel you . honestly , i really think i could fall crazy hard for this guy , but i kinda forgot how . so maybe it is on fire somewhere . i'm like the dragon instead of the princess in the ivory tower , ... i guess i'm wondering if it will reappear if things really pick up with this new dude , and maybe i'm just majorly on guard right now . i kind of get the sense that he is a little bit on guard as well . fairly certain i'm dating an infj , and i'm scared he will get bored or sick of me because i'm not at all romantic . i value love , relationships , connections , but i typically express this through acts ... i've got a question . are intp's slow to feeling the jams of a new relationship ? is that normal ? i started seeing this guy about six months after a failed fling , and after basically all my hopes and ... what about a female intp life-long bff ? i'm in need of a bff . mine was stolen by some bozo guy . :d ry : replica of my moody , boring intp ex . he had good fashion sense tho . 252194 me now : 252202 i'm convinced if i wear exciting shoes no one will care that my outfit is forever always ... yes in that it is a part of decision making . most thinkers i know ( including myself ) get themselves in sticky situations ( an understatement ) fast because they don't take into consideration what feels ... this is exactly how i feel now . when i start to notice manipulative behavior , i'm like : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GOiVYbWJDOA i don't even feel sorry for my former self . i was just young ... lose 30 lbs and bath 3 times a day . he didn't just cheat on me , though . he spoke badly of me , gas lighted me ( which , in my opinion , is absolutely disgusting and unforgivable ) , and was doing hard ... while i'm not trying to diagnose you or anyone who relates , have you ever read about people with borderline personality disorder and their issues with identity ? again , not saying that anyone here has ... perhaps . idk . back to the drawing board ! they are awful lovely . yes , i think some people get too in depth with scarification . i like the simplicity of it , not a fan of full detail . i just recall you questioning your type . i know i was way off , lol . ya , you're right . i definitely got over it way faster than i thought . i'm glad i did it . saved a lot of worrying and regret i ... i feel dumb about the whole thing now . hey frenetic tranquility , how are things ? so you're a confirmed entp ? yeah , that's what i was guessing . that's what i was guessing from the start but my friends told me i'm being cynical and give it ... that's exacrtly it ! i had to do it for my own sanity ! i'm glad you did it though , spared you from some worse hurt . i guess the same holds true for me . haha . that's like , my one major regret with him . : rolleyes : idk , i enjoy the bonding . i don't think of it as , oh god i'm stuck liking this asshole , lol , i know that's not what you mean , i'm exaggerating stuff . the way i think of it is , for a moment , i can ... that sounds like a solid plan . i like you . i really have the lamest tattoo so i really can't judge , hahaha . i don't have a brand , but i would like to get one , if done right it can be really beautiful . also to argue against myself , i forgot ... i know 2 classified enfj's . one is a good friend of mine . he's got asperger syndrome , which i think would make you confuse him for a different type , but he has that same , large , warm , goofy heart ... if my skin looked young forever , then maybe . idk , tattoos usually look ugly , imo . and for some reason i find scarification more legit and cooler . idk , i feel like there's more of a symbolic reason ... ^ ^ right on . yeah , it really isn't a choice for me , so i guess that's a good way of putting it . thank you ! yeah , that's how i feel . i'm tired of not doing anything and letting something go , never knowing , never trying . thought i'd do something different , a little braver . and yeah , i think i did ... are you aromantic ? i feel somewhat the same , still i enjoy the hormonal bonding that comes with sex or even just being a companion to someone . yet , not everyone feels the same way . i'm pretty ... i enjoy being invisible . i also enjoy being seen , it just depends on my mood i guess . everyone has their own way of getting noticed , and everyone has their own way of enjoying life . not everyone has ... mid twenties , him - early twenties . idk , i guess what i mean is playing mind games with others as machiavellian . but maybe it's just him . or maybe that's the point of dating , to find out i'd much ... resilient , i think , is an excellent word . that's what i'm striving for as a person . thank you . thanks guys . welp , now that i am slightly recovered from that hell of a hangover , i have some insights which i'd like to share . a ) i realized he was playing tricks on me just to show off that ... ya i guess i've learned the hard way . just gonna go back to watching life pass me by and day dream the rest of it . i just told a dude i liked him . via the internet , in a juvenile , awkward , 7th grade-ish way . i like you . there it is . take what you want from it . he hasn't responded . kill me now . why , oh why ... i'm not quite sure how it would be hard to open up in front of an infj . maybe it's just me , but xnfj dudes are like the only dudes who can get me to spill all the beans just be staring at me with ... psh , whatever . i don't read too much into anything ... : rolleyes : yeah , i suppose it would be wise to see him as a human , although he constantly tried to illustrate himself as anything but . a ... i should clarify , the transient part was me venting , because that's what my ex said in his very elegant speech wherein he basically told me i was nothing more than a fling to him . i'm not looking ... for the record , i find someone's heart to be something of precious cargo . i say what i mean , but i would never say some of the disrespectful things i hear partner's say to each other . maybe it's ... does it count if we are aware of this and are really trying ? cuz it's not natural for me , and when people say that , it makes me want to crawl into a ball and give up on ever attempting closeness . in ... actually , i have been lucky enough to meet quite a gaggle of you oddball males . i just wanna make new friends . you're ranking pretty high up there , and you know how to treat a lady . this should be ... jking about the edm part . : tongue : what are your thoughts on intj girls , and where can i find you , other than at edm festivals ? ( i'm terrified of crowds ) . yay ! ! ! although , i would suppose that comes down to the individual . to me , someone who has a thick skin and can laugh is faaar more attractive than someone who wants to ' talk about feelings , ' ... see ? this is why i like talking to you guys . you're so able to help people out without picking on them and getting right to the core of the issue . also , i guess i should also say that calling nt's ... thanks mimesis . i always appreciate your words . : happy : '