' we're either interested or we're not . we aren't terribly in touch with our feelings at all times , but if we bother with you at all when we don't have to ( ex . not work or school related ) then we're ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RS_3pED-wJo http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B6bF6oKJKKQ his solo albums are wonderful . i do dwell on the past sometimes , but i like fiction . human memory has more than a pinch of it . the further removed and more often recollected the more fictitious it becomes . that , and we remember ... self-control freak . i mind my business and let others mind theirs . responsibility and authority in equal measure . what type of person do you get along best with ? honest ( openness not required ) , trustworthy , responsible what is a behavior you strongly dislike in others ? lying , backstabbing , cruelty , ... hard to give anything other than vague advice without details . how well do you know her ? where and how do you come into contact ? just show an interest . ask her about herself , follow up later on ... yes , let him be . you both have your memories , they can't be re-created , and life has moved on . even if you may be ready , he may not be . you can't ever really go back because nothing else rewinds . really doesn't fit me . liked civilization revolution , which is like civ light . no interest in minecraft and what little i played of it confirmed . give me a sense of progression and a good story . an ... sounds like the problem is serious lack of self-esteem leading to commitment issues . not thinking he's good enough . may need reassurance . and / or therapy . and / or medication . he is downplaying your ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KEHOpnJlMpY i've been told the same . co-workers were messing around with some kind of autotune-like vocal manipulator on their phones , singing into it then playing it back altered . it changed mine but little and ... two possible practicable solutions : sex change or altering type ( brain damage would probably be the quickest route ) 1 . where are you from ? california 2 . what's your gender ? male 3 . what are your views on polyamory ? would you be open to allowing another person into the relationship ? sex , until i die from lack of food . yes . apply glue to ground before he walks on it . wait . saw off somewhere north of the ankles . he has become a stump . < 70 because i don't know , care , and am uncertain about the efficacy of the various iq tests , their implications , and applications to our general consensus of the real world ; unless the point is ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zvz8jtZ3f5s yes but i also had other reasons , as i enjoy doing them on my own as well . i wouldn't say the last 6 years of your life was a waste , even if you regret much of it . learning experiences . would you ... don't over-analyze it ; she responded eventually . if she didn't want to respond or carry on the conversation she wouldn't have . was she busy ? probably , though what you and her consider busy may ... frequently . it's like bouncing a leg up and down while sitting , which i also do . nervous energy maybe ? blue jeans , black t-shirts ( don't look dirty as easy ) and black shoes ( same reason ) . use to wear vans and similar type shoes , but my current pair is made by nike and has held up much better than any ... somebody asked me to list my top 20 games of all time : red dead redemption was on it . have never played deadpool , can't comment . on the plus side they've both been out awhile so can be had fairly ... drunk , intoxicated . i have been drinking canadian whiskey tonight . i don't know what the cold does to their minds when making this shit . a form of communication that is far less impersonal than speech , ore delayed and deniable ( in intent and inflection ) . all beneficial when my responses are more overthought than reactionary . so i ... hot . cold tea is meh . the no works . leave as is . as in : you're sexy and you know make a post - post if you know you're sexy or you're sexy and you no make a post you're sexy and you don't post about it , or ... i desire the testicular fortitude to court ( if informally ) a certain co-worker who has expressed interest in me , quite strongly for a woman ( in this culture ) but not so much that all i need do is not ... because why the hell not http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NcFaVfTDWcs if he brings it up , try laughing it off ? sorry , i'm not one of the socially graceful ones . the part about you blurting out a response involving anal sex got me laughing pretty hard though . not ... sgt pepper their later albums were excellent too , but less concise and consistent to me . they have a ton of amazing songs , but there's always the one or two i often skip . i'm thinking of the white ... why do you talk so much ? they might be taken aback , but if they do talk a lot they'll probably have an answer . you could word it differently : why are you so annoying ? kind of childish , ... internet socializing is a light form , more emotional distance and less expectation of reciprocity . that and relative anonymity make it easier to be more open with strangers than you may be with ... if she knows you like her , to whatever degree , it makes you more attractive to her . not necessarily in a physical or romantic way , it's just that people like to be liked , appreciated . and that you ... op : you backed up your sweeping generalization with one deeply flawed example . in a 1950 letter to m . berkowitz , einstein stated that my position concerning god is that of an agnostic . i am ... so you're looking for validation ? more common types mean more common behavior . social acceptance , determined by the actions of a sufficient segment of the population for it to be normalized ... score of 20 not surprising . under stressful situations people see me as calm and apathetic outwardly , but i find myself having to go off to a quiet room ( luckily where i work is large and spread ... nope , just whoever puts themselves near me and initiates conversations repeatedly . i decline most invitations / hints to make plans with anyone , mostly . if it's something i enjoy doing and i like the ... the ps4 port of final fantasy vii , making full use of the 3 cheats and loving it . i disliked the idea when i first read about their inclusion , but hell what do i need to prove ? not like i haven't ... your personality type is : intj preference clarity categories : ( slight , moderate , clear , very clear ) very clear introversion : 21/21 moderate intuition : 17/26 very clear thinking : 24/24 clear ... the closest thing i like are bands such as alcest , les discretes ( or discreet , as it's sometimes listed ) , and amesoeurs . they incorporate elements of shoegaze and metal and who knows what else , but ... at least the is she interested ? bit is out of the way . good forward progress ;) for my signature , but it always devolves into scribbling after the first half or so . also a little here and there when writing notes to myself since it's a bit quicker and only i need to be able to ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ju3z2ZQO0MY is that a keg in your back pocket / ' cuz i'd love to tap that ass ;) also i could really use a drink it's a lot of who you know . i got in because i knew somebody and so did many of my co-workers . a lesser number were through staffing agencies . very few are random applicants . reach out to family ... those 3 days of no contact , you make any attempt ? he told you he liked you quite awhile ago , have you given him any indication since that you do ? you feel this has been going too fast but everything ... moving out isn't a bad idea to get some emotional distance and independence but you don't need to cut them out completely and i'd advise against it . i don't expect you could stop thinking about ... intellectually , cats . in reality , dogs . i've had them nearly my entire life . squeaky wheel gets the grease . i am not that wheel in the slightest but bloody hell do they attract me . i am myself ... '