as an nf myself , i actually enjoy debate because i like standing up for what i believe in , as long as respect isn't loss . and i personally know an enfj who actually ended up falling out with a friend ... in my experience , np's in general ( not just infp's ) have a knack for coming up with creative ideas , while sp's are good with their hands . nearly all the sp's i know are into crafts and constantly ... this thread has been dead for over a year , but since the webtoon has very recently been completed (: sad :) , i've decided to bring it back lel . hopefully we can type the other characters as well . ... if we define language as use of words to communicate , i don't think it's an ability attributed to nf's but to nesi users ( infp's and intp's ) . in my experience , infp's and intp's have a knack not only ... i'm more of a series person than a movie person , but my favorite film of all time is la la land . with films , i pretty much fall inlove with anything that makes me cry . :P max : infp ( i don't think there's much of an argument here lol . ) chloe : esfp in a loop , explaining her seemingly dominant but unhealthy te . her se and te both act as the dominant function , making ... first of all , the difference between and enfp and an infp isn't solely extraverion vs . introversion but has to do with the cognitive function stack . i watched noragami maybe about a year ago , and ... personal ~ x95 my name's alessandra . i don't really have a nickname lol . x95 female x95 i'm 15 , and i think i pretty much act my age . personal ( ity ) ~ x95 i'm an infp ! ! ! and i've been into mbti for ... unlike mbti , one's temperament can really change as one faces new experiences in life . that's a fair point . i get where you're coming from . from a theoretical perspective , we'd find people with opposite functions insightful because they see the world from a totally different angle ... then , would you like to give insight to his actual type ? or would you actually like to explain to me the actual meaning of ni ? because from what i've read and based on the ni-users i know , ni-users ... what is your temperament ? i'm a choleric melancholic . you can take the test here : four temperaments test note : if your scores between two temperaments are close , you are a combination . some people ... an intj cannot become an entj . perhaps you are just caught up in a grip . when you're extremely stressed , your inferior function takes over . as an intj , your inferior function is se . i'm not that ... i think the reasons t-types are common in males but not as common in females is because of how our society is built . our society stereotypes men as stern and firm and stereotypes women as kind , etc ... i don't actually know any of the characters you mentioned , but i will do my best to explain f vs . t . those with a higher feeling function give importance to their values more than anything . fi users ... actually , i think his ni is evident – – especially when he mentioned that he comes up with his own way of solving problems that other people are impressed by . my mother is an intj and she ( claims ) she ... sorry if i offended you , but i meant it in a sense that se-users talk about reality . i have two isfp friends and an esfp sister , and they like talking about style a lot because it's something ... reverence one part of you dreams of giving yourself up x96 perhaps just for a while x96 to a hero or mentor . in the right circumstances you can flourish by letting go of your ego . in your inner life , ... ne is all about seeing and generating possibilities . as an infp , i come up with the most random ideas , make the most random connections to things and really bad puns . i use my ne under my fi meaning ... i think you are an intj . intj's are very intelligent because they have a knack for coming up with insights . moreover , they are often seen as cold-hearted or harsh . intj's also have a tendency of ... i would choose to be an infj . infj's are the best at giving advice and solving people-problems . the feeling and thinking functions are judging functions or how people make decisions . yes , thinkers make decisions based on logic or whatever makes sense , while feelers make decisions based on ... intp's are the weirdest type in my opinion . because of their tine , they come up with the most random and strange ideas and can often be negatively judged for it or misunderstood . with most people ... i'm a 9w1 . does anyone know a good test for discovering your tritype ? i agree with everything you have said , so perhaps she is an esfj with a very well-developed ne . :) thanks for the welcome and the link ! i hope with this poll we can also discover which specific wing is most common . :D we ne-users delve in the sense that we search for more and more possibilities . however , by naturally focusing on the quantity of possibilities , none of them are truly thick . ni-users , on the other ... her kind of love of symbols is more ni than it is ne . she likes making metaphors and delving into them . as an infp , i'm not the best at creating metaphors , but when someone brings something up , i can ... i do agree that the first quote does seem more like si-ne than it does ni-se . however , her love for symbolisms and metaphors seems more ni-se to me than it does si-ne . i see your point very ... i want to know if there is a significantly most common enneagram for an mbti . many sites have said that infp's are typically 4w5 ' s or 9w1 ' s , and i want to find out for sure . i share very similar sentiments ! i don't usually enjoy talking about common interests because at the end of the day , they don't really create a deep , personal connection . interests are merely ... i now understand the fe argument more , thank you , and that her sense of individualism comes from her core desire of everyone being happy . this also reminds me of when she used to have a myspace . she ... first of all , i'm a really big taylor swift fan ( contrary to the current populus haha ) , so i've watched nearly every interview , read many articles and have listened to all her songs over and over ... infj's are great , at least in my experience . while infp's are excellent at understanding feelings , infj's are even better at it ( although they tend to not understand their own ) . the two infj's i know ... i hope you may find like-minded people soon ! just a little disclaimer : while infp's do tend to be great writers , it's not a sole infp trait . i have an intp friend who is great at writing , especially poetry . i took the test several times on several different sites and did a lot of research on cognitive functions . that's interesting because in my grade level at my school , infp is the third most ... ( ( how to criticize someone you don't know the type of lol ) ) my sister is a pretty stereotypical intj . she's really intelligent , stoic and hates most people . one not-so stereotypical intj trait she possesses however is laziness . she never listens in class and ... i'm currently following orange , although i've already read the manga . it's great so far – – the animation really expresses the depth of the characters ' emotions . i also just recently watched ... my favorite mangas that haven't been made into animes ( yet ) are dengeki daisy , hirunaka no ryuusei , horimiya and haru matsu bokura . my overall favorites are chihayafuru and akatsuki no yona . as i said , this is based on the people i know . i am aware that everyone is different , but most of the enfj's i know take a while to understand math and science concepts and do not like working with ... my infp friend and i both have really high standards for friends . we consider very few people our friends and don't give effort to build a strong friendship with just anyone . however , to those whom ... i believe you are an intp , although you are also very possibly an infp . as for myself : 1 ) i silently judge people in my head , not because of their appearance , but because of their character . i ... thank you so much for your answer ! i find it very comforting and inspiring that your infp 9w1 friend is living the kind of life i dream about . i can now more clearly see myself as a diplomat . all i ... based on your answers , i also agree that you are certainly an infj . i'm glad you appreciated my help ! : wink : based on your description , you are definitely either an infj or an infp , although i'm more inclined to infj . here are some questions to help you further understand and discover your true type : 1 ) ... i'm an infp . my dad and younger sister are both esfp's , while my mom and older sister are both intj's . moreover , my maternal grandfather is an intj . i'm 100 % sure of all their types as i have done ... my 2 best friends are enfp's , but i am very close with an infj , intp , entp and another enfp . my dad and younger sister are esfp's , while my mom and older sister are intj's . mbti is somewhat ... one main difference between enfj's and entj's is that an enfj's primary goal is to make everyone happy . because of this , enfj's typically make compromises when disagreeing with someone . they will ...