' sorry seems like i rambled too much lol .. maybe off topic idk . i agree with you though , the way you describe yourself sounds a lot like of how i would describe myself . interesting idea . i try not to think of it as labels . think of it this way , if everything pointed to mental illness then we're left with saying we are mentally ill . point is i obsess over many ... everything stated of what i believe of each individual perceiving function to be is above . the common ground of se and ne from my understanding is that they're both objective ( not subjective in ... ( deleted ) i don't see how combining ti and ne makes one future oriented when combining fi or ti with se doesn't make you past oriented . it sounds unbalanced to say that . i usually start off with looking at ... that's exactly what my idea is of ne and ni . i just don't see how subjective perceiving functions could be present oriented when they are objective to the outside world . i simply look at it like ... ah i get that idea more clearly now . i didn't think of it that way , but it does fit how i think ti and ne at work together in a more descriptive matter with words . i don't know about you guys .. but i'm told a lot that i am random with my ideas while having no real practical application to them really . so i guess this would this would mean that i can think of ... hmm i've always thought of intps as being more non-linear than intjs . i guess in a sense ti and te can be linear as if they seem to not sugar coat everything as f unctions do lol now that's just me ... great explanation ! the only thing i don't get is why you call f functions non-linear . elaborate please ? p . s . i can't really fix it now using my ipod touch :p but thanks and i thank my ... time and time again i hear that extraverted intuition is a future foresighting cognitive function . now the question is how can this be when being past or future oriented is clearly more subjective , ... yes i've been working on it . it's strange because i read a poll on the infp forum ( i got the idea from there ) . and about 88 % of the infps admitted to having intrusive thoughts . not saying intrusive ... i seem to get these intrusive thoughts that seem to plague my mind sometimes . it's just that they're so random and have no logical basis as i want to keep telling myself they're illogical . there are ... let's see .. i like to talk about anything psychological really or i like to argue how so many people are given a misdiagnoses with many mental illnesses . i'm a prime example as a matter of fact , i ... i like this forum . it sees that that a lot of introverts such as myself love the internet . i may also say i love researching ( including stuff on this forum once in a while ) . i mean on here i'm able ... i understand that their the same pretty much . i was just wasn't listening to myself . i guess i'm highly imaginative as i always have been then , come to think of it i am more imaginative than creative . i just think of a lot of possibilities and assume a lot of times , which can be my ... i am more of a thinker than a doer too . i get told to stop thinking a lot as i analyze the heck out of every experience i have ( it's almost like i can't experience anything ) . i just think of every ... been there . adult life has altered my imagination as well . cheers to responsibility ! :d ry : i guess i'm more creative if anything . which one are you more of ? i am more creative ( i . e . i play piano and i used to like writing poetry ) . i assume for myself that i am more of an idea perfectionist with ti . whereas my ne has a ... i believe there's relative truth and ultimate truth . i do this . i just say hi and return right back to my thoughts lol . i would analyze that kind of situation , but that's just me . [ deleted ] i tried this before . another thing is it was just to place myself in someone else's shoes when tring to meet middle ground from arguing . it never turned out pretty at first , but it tended to find a ... unknown . that's normal , just explore . i like to explore new atmospheres as the stimulate my thoughts . nature walks or a peaceful place helps as well ! reading ( a lot ) , writing , nature walks , playing piano , listening to music , conversations ( being spontaneous with ideas ) , thinking a lot , analyzing situations ( instead of experiencing them ) , and ... i love to write as it allows to understand my thoughts clearly . i need to practice more though . my hobbies actually are : reading nature walks music writing communicating my ideas ( usually ... i would think that assuming has more to do with hypothesizing which is trying to understand something abstract rather than ti correct me if i'm wrong ? and of course all thinking and feeling ... yes that may very well be true . of course if i were to be professional i would try to be as precise as possible . i guess i can be very much like a thought perfectionist i guess you would say . i ... i've been told that i think too much or assume things a lot . i tend to hypothesize and presume with a bases form of judging assuming that this is my ( ti and ne at work a lot of times ) . i guess i ... i should state not all intps are great at writing at first , it just so happens that when an intp wants to have a clear understanding writing is a great way to express this . i for one am not a ... lol not just that , we as intps tend to have a natural knack of writing i should say . we generally want our conceptual thinking and theories to be understood clearly , and writing is one of the ... that is a double win for me . what i mean by generally by the way means that a lot not really everything . i like to create things with my hands as well ( i . e . when i play the piano and create ... that reminds me , i tend to use the d's a lot of times along with the p's or just a smiley , however it does bother me when someone uses it a lot kind of ... especially the d's for some odd reason , i ... yup and when i introspect to myself a lot ( i introspect a lot by the way ) i come up with scenarios in my mind which may prepare me for these arguments . however most of the time i come up with the ... from this all i can say is precision and accuracy is a big one for me . especially with words and ideas lol .. a lot of other points seem to fit me on here as well . another one is ... but the ... 95089 wide awake here , was taken at my gf's place . 95090 more sleepy here lol . i stayed up all night reading my new books from barnes & noble and playing a video game or two during this i ... yea it can be scary for a lot of people , i've never worked for anyone either yet . thanks for the warning of the legal market , i'm just trying to understand the downsides of certain careers and such . well let me just say i find the ones you listed interesting , it's not something i would want to necessarily do . the only two i thought of a lot before in the past and still somewhat do is being a ... i suppose you could adapt to hands on skills , i'm not that great in hands on stuff in general . i agree that careers can be misleading , which is why i am very weary of what career i want to get ... i would find a cryptoanalyst interesting , never met one though . i also find being a private detective interesting , along with psychoanalyst as well . i would love to be a linguist , however not as a ... that sounds like an interesting one ! i'm still leaning towards psychology and the music development of video games and / or video game designing as well . i know i shouldn't worry about labels ... i could see a lot of esfj women in that field probably , i also thought of linguistics , not biology really though . lol i was thinking the same thing kind of . well i did think of doing architecture ... hmm seems like your mind is pretty well off occupied . well i mean i don't really favor the academic college life much either . i wish i could find a career that would allow me to do some teamwork yet ... hello ! :) what do you do as a mechanical engineer ? also what is required to be one ? a lot of stuff casually interests me too . what would the engagement be may i ask ? i tend to suck at mechanical ... ( removed ) well as the title says it all , i'm currently looking for careers . i'm currently looking into heuristic psychology and / or other sciences , i'm thinking of doing something related to computer programing ... yea i kind of figured he uses se and ni instead of ne and si . i for one don't find any common parts of his personality as i do with other fictional characters that i deem more of to be an intp .  ... yea i could see a good size of intps into sports somewhat . i know an intp girl who has played sports throughout high school as well . '