' hahahahahahaahahhahahaha can * hahahahahha awkward only thing i cant type you as is dayyyuuummm i forgtoto do a post quote ... that wasnt pertaining to you . i understood damn near non of that but it was interesting nonetheless eeerrr 4w3 sx / so why ? digin the hair btw kind of curious , why ? i really wanna say 2w3 for you . 7w6 as fuarkk mayne 4654984655 06465514 ill try it out mayne . horrible horrible quality on last pic doe i frogto to mention mention unhealthy 4s , thank you for reminding me of my dislike hahaha these suggestions are still super close to my type , love it 1w9s have a habit of running me the wrong way . the ones i've met are so anal they suck all the fun out of a 3 mile radius . but those are just the ones i've met in person of course . fugg yeah another lost cause i say 4 for chu hombre . i definetely don't see myself as meticulous . unless its my current obsession , in which case i'll do nothing but study the subject for weeks ... until i do the same for another subject . lol and how do ... well i know for sure i'm a 7w8 . most of the entp descriptipon also fits pretty nicely . especially the not fucking finishing anything . but the i vs e is giving me a bit of trouble . well ... at the time it took a few years ... now i look back and see it as a click . [ / quote ] so you just gradually became more and more gregarious ? i never dated or kissed a girl in high school . uber nerd , shy . president of my frat in college and very outgoing from then on ... [ / quote ] but was that a gradual transition , or ... we share a similar tritype . i've always been outgoing and social . i can't imagine a 378 extrovert being quiet and observant . functionality wise , you might be an intp who's going to start seeing the ... could you elaborate on this a little more ? like was it just a click where all of the sudden you were more sociable or ... ? truly someone after my own heart . i do realize that this is mixing systems , but i believe it to be a valid question . how would you differentiate a entp from a intp 7 ( enneagram ) ? i feel like 7 matches up pretty nicely with ne , ... question is the title . what would a 7w8 with a 3w2 gut fix look like ? thanks ! what the hell are you trying to say and thats bad how ... ? i know this thread is a solid year old , but since i'm watching the show right now , i'm going to post anyway for my own amusment . there is no way that cullen is an extrovert . i could see thomas as an ... well , im a triple assertive , and an istp . so i have to imagine the opposite scenario can be true . i was just using jobs as an example to better word my question . and so would that mean an 8w7 would be more likely to chose one thing a focus completely on that , orrr .. ? i'm not sure i'm quite ... how do you mean , intensity of one enjoyable experience ? how would that differ from say , steve jobs ( 7w8 ) building his company into an empire over the course of many years ? wouldn't that be considered ... what are the differences between 7w8 and 8w7 ? people on here have been more than helpful with this stuff . it was recently brought up to me by gilly that 8w7 might be plausible as well . i've always thought as power and success being hand in hand , ... hahaha , fair enough now i only have to figure out the got dayum instinctual stacking haha , i can guarantee that with my relentless assertivness and take charge attitude , my kinks are certaintly not socially accpetable . and going on the topic of this thread , most people you talk to ... god knows i love buying worthless crap . the only real trouble is my wing for 3 . can't for the life of me figure out if its w2 or w4 . although , i've been giving it alot of thought today and i think i'm leaning towards 3w4 . i think my ... pffft , dramatics hahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahhaha ... socially acceptable ... hahahahhahahahahha thats an arnold schwarzenegger quote .. a 3w2 :p lmao its more so pertaining to achieving glory and not being average rather than being unique . but i can see where you are coming from . like i said , ... i think i would tend more pleasing the group , rather than the minority . that being said , what i'm saying to the group and what i'm acting on isnt always the same . but as far as my appearence is ... color me surprised . everytime i think i've got a good grasp on what my wing is , someone comes along and messes it up . lol and as far as the 3w2 in my profile , i think i've changed the wing 3 or 4 times since joining a ... actually laughed at this one you've convinced me . i do see some thing in w4 that i can relate to , but w2 defintely seems more my speed . god knows i hate introspection . incredibly interesting take on it . how so ? not disputing it , just curious . i've never looked at myself as a charmer . was rather awkward up until 16 or 17 years old . i've alwayslooked at lying like a tool . sure , blatant , pathological lying is obviously harmful in the long run . but small lies , things that can be used to cushion hard truths , usually end up better ... ;) yeah , i remember reading somewhere that fe types are usually 3w2 . but the only intorverted 3 examples i've been able to find are tom cruise ( istp 3w4 ) and arnold schwarzenegger ( intj 3w2 ) ... so that ... '