' http://s8.postimg.org/x9cvnp7t1/2014_10_09_18_06_49.jpg this was in a big plastic container all mixed up . yes i needed it sorted ... but they're new . mitten condition fun fact : im not selling any barbies bondage barbie too 4 u ~ * freekz * ~ buy my barbies i have a shit ton i need to take the gre but has no monies so buys the barbies on the ebays * hugs * i believed the first half of the op . : laughing : on the real though , that latter feeling must have been overwhelming . i teared up just reading that . who cares if it's just a book ? empathy is empathy . this reminds me of reading lord of the flies in sixth grade . poor piggy . sorry if i missed all that earlier in the thread . it's way too early to worry about this right now . you just started university , you only lived with her for two weeks . if she's anything like i ... i'm really sensitive with people judging me which is funny because i can be pretty judgey myself . yesterday i went to ulta to try out lipstick and ended up getting a makeover because i guess all ... moonious , are you in college ? what year ? and didn't the school year just start ? how long have you two been living together ? haha funny that the person above said infx 4 . i'm an infj 4 and this thread sounds like what my former bitch roommate would describe me as . ( not that you're a bitch . she definitely was though ) . ... felicitaciones ! they were snowmen ! snowmen ! and i still got emotional . ugh . werk . you don't have to give them your religion as the reason . i know where you're coming from , but you can just say you don't want to fool around with them and leave it at that , as other posters have said ... introversion is more about where your brother goes to recharge after a long day , for an example . if he's tired , does he retreat into his room or go out with friends ? there is a lot to introversion ... i cried about 20 minutes ago because it is 2 a . m . and i am sitting in bed next to my cat who is lying on his side , stretched out . he's resting his head on the bed but is also awake , just kind of ... also , op , if you get with her , remember that your happiness depends greatly on what is actually happening , and not the happiness you feel from what could be , what you want to be or what should be ... i think it's impossible for anyone to completely stop idealizing . i think it's possible for infjs to idealize much less and stay infj , as long as they ( we ) can have that picture in our heads while ... slytherin is not a bad place ! ! don't let malfoy and tom and all those other little shits deter you . everyone always tests slytherin at the bottom , and although it could often be true , there are so ... oh , absolutely . so many letdowns from this . to quote billy shakes : expectation is the root of all heartache . living in your head all the time can be very bad . i think it's very common for ... i studied english , too . ain't nobody got time to read when all you're doing is reading all the time . if that makes sense . : wink : everybody , make sure you are honest about the receiving gifts questions . it doesn't make you superficial . read up on it , there's a lot to learn ! it encompasses many things . 1 . acts of ... this .. was ... just ... the most beautiful thing . i have never seen better words to describe this feeling . freaking people out when i ask them about their life goals , thoughts on religion and spirituality , how they understand and view themselves and how they perceive their thinking style , within the first ... because we love to live in our head ! and often times our head canon is much more fun and valued than our life canon . i can have a shitty day irl but consider it a success if my head canon plays ... i'm a special snowflake , short and stout , here is my handle , here is - ok , just kidding . but it can be frustrating sometimes when i say things like , i feel like i don't operate correctly in the ... ffx is so easy ! except for braska's final aeon . i haven't played 6 yet but it's next after i finish 9 . ff7 though , i just didn't care about any of the characters . the story didn't pull at my ... final fantasy vii was extremely underwhelming . ( and a complete joke after you get knights of round ) also , i don't think abs are attractive . or really visible muscles in general . i like ... most people score receiving gifts as last . don't let the test make you feel like getting gifts is materialistic . read up on that language to see what it's really about . my best friends ' is gifts and ... i hate this depending on who it is . sometimes i secretly love it as an introvert . that goes into n / s , j / p and type 4 . it's hard to put that into just judging / perceiving . yeah , but i don't think a perceiver would make a coded list based on paint colors . yesterday i created a google doc with all the names of the different acrylic paints i have . i have probably more than 60 so far and don't want to buy duplicates but i love buying paint . : tongue : ... from a few past experiences i've had , it's because they know i'm about committed , more serious relationships and am not down for flings or casual , short-term ones . usually the ones who do this are , ... thanks ! i'm supposedly seeing him tonight to settle the dispute so i will have to use this . you're right . it's difficult to temper this with talking to someone about a concern , if it's something i'm personally against , i . e . smoking . i'm trying to figure out how to bring up concern over ... : kitteh : http://s29.postimg.org/fvd6inlif/moogle_mini_cosplay_by_francescamisa_d6fzcha.jpg http://s22.postimg.org/sgt6m97gh/7624_Chocobo_Main_jpg_610x0.jpg wark wark wark wark wark kwehhh the discussion i had with him was a concern i had about how often he would smoke . he told me if it bothered me to let him know , and i did , and he became defensive . i think he doesn't want to be seen ... me : infj dad : isxj mom : esxp my parents married at 16 so they've been through a lot . my dad gets very exasperated with my mom's off-the-cuff planning and my mom gets frustrated at my dad's ... it's hot outside today , huh ? yes it's freaking hot outside today . it's texas and it's august . are we really going to talk about this ? i'm never on time to anything . i seem to run into this issue a lot with someone in my life , who says that he listens to me when i say i am not judging him , but still gets the vibe that i am . i can say time and again that i'm not , ... i like to do this to my so sometimes as a form of teasing . babe can you hold this for me ? no . ok i'm sorry i love you . * whipping noise * of course it's all jokes and then we just go ... she's a 15 - year-old girl . i was all over the place at 15 too and i have two degrees now . being vague doesn't make her dumb , it makes her a 15 - year-old girl who doesn't know who she is yet . people ... worry about being taken advantage of -> close myself off -> feel like an asshole for closing myself off -> open myself up -> fall in love -> put my all into the relationship / probably over-sacrifice ... hell yes , another texan . hey ! i'm an infj from the dfw area . welcome ! the girls in this age group are much more sensitive and quick to jump toward self-harm . joking about that is not funny , and it looks like you know that . would it still be funny to you if one of these ... south park ! ! and we're gonna top that with a little creme fraiche ... oh , eff yeah . not an esfj , but my best friend is . sent her some texts about a stressful situation while she was in colorado hiking . didn't think she'd respond but she took the time ( she is very loyal ) . only when ... '