' i have an uncontrollable urge to have sex with pre-teen monkeys . do you empathize ? ? ? ! ! ! ? ? ? yes i do http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=khh8H46v0ZY btw nice ass and you have a great big dick hahaha scientists invented evolution so they could global warmings haha you are all so dumb believing in evolution i have never broke a rule in my life . i must be an istj major : cultural studies minor : white guilt we should make a group this is the truth omg this is my favourite thread ever he is such a cutieee : crazy :: crazy :: crazy :: crazy :: crazy :: crazy :: crazy : kim hyun joong 4eva ! peace out girlll i like estjs a lot . i made some posts about how great estjs are in their forum a few months back . i hope you are as energetic as the other estjs i have met :) . ah yes , welcome to the forum . ... i laughed hard my cat died , my feelings hurted . :( congratz robot girl major : kicking ass minor : wrecking fools i lost at something i am large , throbbing , and veiny . hug me to figure out what i am . i don't see the connection between iq and empathy . i don't get the point at all . it looks to me like taylor pisses off intjs i usually vomit , quick and effective . i would only take them if they could be ingested anally i would eat your pet slow down so i can penetrate you with my entpness nova why do you say theeze things to me ? my feelings are hurting like my heart ! this is a haiku i wrote to explain what i feel nova is so mean she really hurt my feelings why is she so ... i can eat 15 cats in an hour :) this is srs business for me , you made my feelings even more broken http://www.hiroshima-remembered.com/history/nagasaki/images/H21.jpg i had an evil infp friend who really hurt my feelings . i don't know if i will ever recover from the damage he caused me . :( sad evan is sad awesome idea , i approve so much for the bertrand russell avatar . ( i hope i didn't just look like an idiot there , that is bertrand russell right ? ) organic apples are often the same price as regular apples at my grocery store . i buy organic then . this is why math is awesome ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R5TzuuK7kvI calculus actually really turned me onto math . almost all lucrative fields employ calculus in one way or another . also ... yesss , really really great vid ^ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OYws8biwOYc ^ entp when i was a kid i wanted to be a stockbroker or some other kind of businessman and eventually become powerful enough to conquer the world . now i just want to make as much money as possible , i don't ... moonshine is the way to go ! 180 proof is lots of fun wahooo it seems that at lower levels of math it is mostly hard work ( pre-calc , calculus , linear algebra , etc . ) , but for more difficult subjects like real analysis or chaos theory it is mostly about your ... i don't like hippies very much let's hear some things that ya'll like about estps ! * raises hand * i am glad you took them as compliments . obviously i see them as positive traits , but i believe that some people would disagree . the golden rule states that one should treat others according to how one would like others to treat one's self . so i would like will smith to rape me , does that mean i am morally obligated to ... http://static.howstuffworks.com/gif/start-world-war-2-2.jpg you should probably quit school and become a stripper , they actually have surprisingly good salaries . if you decide to go into porn make sure it is gay porn , that way you will make more money . you should probably stop trying , hookers are way more fun . in an asylum you are entertaining you are energetic you are quick-thinking and witty you provide great competitive partners you are grounded and will strike me down from my wild flights of fantasy you are ... hey beth , if you are looking for a mr . buzzy hit me up . a silver fox eh , you silly devil , i would so fondle you . move aside chancey , this one is mine . more important do you believe in life after love ? i don't know if antiant is so much a thing as she is an idea . she is the force that motivates us through tough times . she is the soul of freedom . antiant is a child's laughter or the calm breeze ... '