' it is not exactly untransparent if you will . i expected more veiled questions tbh ... depends on the channel and , of course , the way you watch it . those that watch closely and can't be bothered while watching ( even with no headphones etc ) are extraverts-the link between them and the ... yet you are here ... why will suffice . why is it bs exactly ? also , maybe you read wrong things about it ? read the stuff reck writes and read jung etc . that is the only way forward with this imo ... ( on a tangent i hate how jung put ... no , they both deal with what we value , but the difference is that the hogwarts and its houses are merely a plot device ( or a series thereof ) in a book while the mbti measures our values and tries its ... the true questions reveals itself : how similar is this to the step ii ? ( because it is quite obviously inspired by it ) you are a male . where's the rush ? does the clock work against you like it does vs females ? if it helps : i haven't even as much as hugged a girl in the last , what was it then ? 10 years , yes .  ... on the further reflection , the difference between red / white and blue / white seems to be one question ! one question ! lol ! tbh , i feel like azorious would be my ideal self and boros my true self ... i know , sorry , but i simply couldn't ( and yes , i saw that , i am observant enough to notice a post lol ) . the modern explanations just get to me , see ( when there's nothing wrong with the original ) . i can't read this anymore . fe is about being nice and imbuing the atmosphere . fe doesn't have to have its own values though-it most often just takes values from surrounding people . fe just ... azorious as always : wink : but , tbh , i could see everything not black , true white applying to me . green / white also sounds nice ( selesnya ) . as does green / blue actually ( simic ) . red / ... meh . it was too formulaic , preachy and conservative for my tastes . also , oddly unimportant and forced . i much prefer bvs . edit : liked antman and t'chala tho . so good : wink : henry cavill for sure . he was supposed to be the current bond anyhow until craig flew right in at the last moment and literally stopped the show . enfj ... fair enough . i can live with being a cult leader : angry : : crazy : teni simple as that . the ceo function pair . maybe you're actually an enfj if you like / get energised by spending time with people ? but if it doesn't come naturally / doesn't energise you ... then infj is ok . well , these are my results : male 30-40 ( 25 actual but it could be as a result of iq ) above average ( guess that 120 bandwidth is above average now / shrug ) conservative ( i never thought of this , but ... geralt : isxp ( most likely istp , but a case for isfp could be made as well-especially if you drop the cutesie fi act ) 999 ! tzeentch ! don 0t lie to me now ! what is my personality type ( or wimpt ) ? woops wrong thread . damn forum ! welcome to the madhouse ! i do hope you enjoy your stay ! you said that you have long despised dnardi test . what has changed ? you can't drop a perfect like that and leave a cliffhanger ... you don't like metro ? odd , given your choice of games ... i meant overall net participation-everything from this to ... idk a facebook or instagram . i'd agree that it isn't really that much of e vs i thing . if anything , i feel like it makes more sense it ... and all of this has a simple cause : mbti fails to acknowledge that extraversion / introversion isn't just a dichotomy . it is indeed much , much more . especially when one views it from jung's ... furthermore , i am interested in yet another thing you keep saying : when talking about fe you use the dichotomies f ( obviously ) and j . also , when talking about fi you use the dichotomies f and ... that's just it , and the thing i wanted to ask you : if it's common for infs to come out as ints on the step i , is it common for ints to come out as infs ? also , i had an issue with the usual ... or in other words ... it's all rather perfumed with those sparkly stars . kinda ... like astrology ! self report tests are mostly crap imo . compare standard psych sr test to an eeg or fmri or math test ... i am also against the death penalty because death is a release ( but if i was in this hypothetical situation ... and getting rid of monsters , well ... ) which is just why i mentioned torture in the first ... of course i would ! especially if those are the people that are causing me and the rest of the world pain * cough corrupt politicians * cough . also the likes of baghdadi and such scum . why would i ... i obviously can't because i can't crossreference our posts on this forum , now can i ? in the search function that is . and i actually went and tried to do it lol . silly , silly , silly . edit : also , ... ... since when do you know goofy socionics quadras ? every time i mentioned it in the past resulted with a different answer from you . what ? just saying / whistle if anything , fe is , as would be quite expected by a common sense , a mixture between the extraverted and the feeling / ethics oriented personality . and why ? because jung ( who if i may add invented / ... i'd sincerely rethink the estp . that is his public persona . just as i had nose . don't believe me ? believe him personally : ... you also must remember that e / i is independent from the rest of dichos . at least that is how jung saw it . concerning ethics ( f ) i'm all about the process . it's important to observe the right way to get somewhere and not to use any means necessary . concerning logic ( t ) i'm all about the results . i ... indeed . but i think that this kind of behaviour tends to lead toward ambiversion , not introversion . because i've no time for their rules and rituals and overall stupidity that surrounds large social gatherings . i also get exhausted if i'm too long out and about . but then again , i don't think ... i'll have to notice that carl gustaf jung , the creator of this hullaballoo , mentioned in his psychological types that he fully expected for most people to be in the middle of e / i mindset . there ... can't follow the rules lol ! above ( ^ ) is very difficult to comment . mine : 1 . even if i think ( hell , know this is more like it ) that most people are basically amoral , stupid beings ( which on ... ok , i'll clear up few things . don't mix up ennea and mbti . each one has its use which don't necessarily align well with each other . as for perceiving functions ... eh one simply must know the ... one thing i should point out is the difference between the j and the P: ( sadly i can't draw graphs here ) the graph of an p type activity is often drawn as a convex parabola . meaning that the ... ok , again , the core of everything are the dichotomies because the functions came from them ( fi for example is nothing more than fp combo ) . with this said , i'll ask you a series of simple questions : ... annoying creep . imo . if i were to venture a guess , i'd say inxj-most likely intj . but i really , but really don't like got . it is so dark and depressing that i don't know why people even watch ... esxp imo . i think he's the other way around . just because he knows what he's doing doesn't make him a ti gosh ! he was born unto this lol ! even if he was anti-business type ( think now some isfp or infp or ... it's ok as an introductory book . it's perhaps on the level of mickey or perhaps a bit higher . still , nowhere near katherine's original work or jung's works . also , what index ? they are close . you are more likely to test middle on this scale than any other imo . a possibility that carl jung and katherine briggs allowed for . it'd basically mean that they are what would be ... just a moment if you will . i need to clarify a thing : enfp is my first type-that is the type that i picked almost by reflex . it does not mean i am one though . i could very well be infp , isfp or ... maybe they did their research and realised that a janitor / cop / farmer / blacksmith / etc ( simple vocations ) have a tendency to become the chosen one and they wanted to have one on their side ? ... '