' maybe ... i dunno ... he speaks like someone from ntj / one . but one thing's for sure : i don't know how to cry at this situation . it's like it's stuck there inside but you can't cry . xd okay ... so i liked this guy from okcupid thing ... i went there out of curiosity . he's so mysterious and almost void of emotions but it's quite fun to chat with him . maybe it's because we share the same ... out of curiosity , i decided to try this site , okcupid . it's a match-making site that recognizes personality type . i usually drawn to intj and intp type of people than their extrovert ... even though i have lots of enfp , isfp , enfj friends , i still feel lacking ... i'm even called insensitive sometimes , or i really just don't care because it's nonsense and a waste of energy .. ? ... i am fascinated and intrigued in intjs ' thinking , i wish i can meet someone like you people someday ... why is the image small though ? : shocked : 403258meet my imaginary friend ... i consider him as my comfort zone since i was still in 5th grade . sad right ? lol they have something that none of the other personality types have but i have no idea of what it is ... though i'm hopelessly in love with an entj at the moment . xd ; w ; if i happened to be in that group , i'm 500 % sure that my energy will run out everyday ... oh . o . o i maybe mad at him but it doesn't mean i will hurt him like teasing him . but thank you for clarifying the rsult of my actions . :D i'm blinded by my emotional outbursts so i didn't know if ... eh ? what do you mean ? i'm leaving with my cousin . well , yeah ... she's the one whom i keep telling about what's happening at school ... just to relieve stress . she grew suspicious of my classmate's ... uhh my cousin who is currently pursuing to be a psychiatrist said that he has almost all the symptoms of the histrionic personality disorder . the way he speaks , actions , reactions , seeks attention ... no xd he's an esfj for sure . he can't handle criticisms well ... there was an unfortunate event that happened earlier . my classmate revealed that he caught him cheating over and over , in public . it ... he is very emotional and takes things seriously especially when he feels that his social status is attacked . in result , he will not listen to me and will discard it immediately . at the same time , he ... i really don't know what to do ... he becomes overly reactive and very defensive when thrown a little bit of criticism . sometimes , he just disregards what we were saying to him and he will do the same ... xd ahh , no . no one likes him to be part of their groups , so he ends up on some of us who were still ' doubtful stage ' wherein we still don't know if we will still accept him despite of what happened ... i'm just really concerned at him because he thought our block praise him so much but the truth , is not . i can see that he is being bullied because when groupings , he is always the one with no group ... i'm quite sure that my classmate is an esfj . since he is also a feeler type and i'm a certified idealist and altruistic , i have no idea how to tell him the truth . posted this on our type forum but ... skrillex's - because my mood is always like a roller coaster that suddenly drops . xd sometimes i feel high , sometimes i feel down . ahh , since i'm an infp with a very high level of introversion , i learned to be impatient and pissed as i can't fully express my thoughts the way they were in my head ... drives me crazy . group works ... sometimes it's best to work alone . hassle free . he's so irritating already that i want to bust his head open . dx i tried to be meanie at him with the use of stinging words and a matching glare . but , i told him the reason why . brrr , no effect . he ... nah , she isn't like that , but i do have some classmates who were exactly like that . oh btw , it just happened recently , like last week and i'm in collage . xd much of my classmates were xstj or xsfjs ... i feel like an outcast and being around them makes me suffocate dx i actually don't know why they just shrug me off while i'm being nice to them ... some even ... i really need someone to talk to too ... sleep is for the weak ! xd yeah , that grammar ... xd sorry to bother you about that . english is not my native tongue . :) ) i'll try to do the thing next time . i'm guilty :( ... i explained it to her like this : no , yhe problem is not external , not the people around him . according from the novel , don quixote read so much books about chivalric romance . he ... is it okay if i comment here as a female ? well anyways , personally , i don't have that kind of high standards ... i don't care about the looks as long as i can rant and share my thoughts with that ... yes , she acts pretty much like that , asking where the shits we've thought of came from . haha i observed that we're kind of opposite ... except that we share a huge level of introversion . i see , i get it now ... do i sound exaggerating to her somehow ? i find it hard to externalize or even internalize my thoughts in a quick way as possible because they might misunderstand what my message ... i just hope they won't think otherwise if i tried that . xd thank you :'D his name is cloud . cottony fluffy ... and a bully . i actually did that but she just shrugged me off :/ ( idk the term ) i'm pretty sure that she's not an intj because she prefers not think and rely on intuition . she prefers to sense her envirnment instead than to submerge in thoughts ... she can't be an extrovert either ... but my depression is caused by family problems dx really ? i have signs of depression and a high level of anxiety ... wow . i never knew that daydreaming has its own type . so yeah , i searched the term ... according to wikipedia : maladaptive daydreamers usually have daydreams that resemble movie-like plots and ... we can be easily exhausted especially after a long , deep conversation with other people . i think others sleep while some of us will submerge in our thoughts for us to rejuvenate our worn-out energy ... i think most of us infps will be rich if that's the case . yes , it can be ... i just have a very low self-esteem , i guess . it's true ! i hate it when people keep on going inside outside of my room especially when they are not closing the door ! i have a high level of anxiety to the point of almost having a general anxiety ... oh yea ... xd sorry about that . i just want to vent my feelings in the middle of dawn . i didn't get any sleep again . dx i just wanna know if somebody is like me who can't fuckin stop my mind from ... marriage in our country is considered as sacred and not an obligation . we are not forced to marry if we don't want to marry . we have our own lives anyway so we have our own choice . in my point of ... so from what i've seen here , religious infps are considered rare ... i have a 500 % obssession in daydreaming , thoughts and in over-analyzing . i really need to write or draw it down to make myself at peace ... currently , i'm obsessed with personality types especially the analysts . i'm also obssessed in writing random thoughts down on my notepad and drawing random ideas . uhhh , is daydreaming can be ... i love this question . xd analysts : intj - cool people ! they're quiet but friendly and sometimes really warm . i have one friend who's an intj , he's fun to chat with . we both understand each ... is there any person who's like me or is it just me ? - 90 % of the day i'm daydreaming . it takes a person to snap myself back from reality . even when i beg to stop my brain for thinking random ... my friend is opposite of this . she doesn't want to go to parties like me . i think that she only use her energy to the people she is very close with ... '