' i'm seriously considering marriage to my longtime enfp girlfriend . but do you think she'll be able to give me a little more space when we are settled down in marriage ? my two biggest problems with ... i'll revive this in the rare event anyone else wants to comment . while i certainly can agree with the crux of what you're saying in your post , particularly the summary above ( and yes , intps do question these seemingly meaningless conventions for what they are ) , i ... it seems that i can never achieve the kind of satisfaction in my career that other people experience ( although my career is solid and does use many of my talents ) . not completely sure if it's ... nice insight . i totally agree that it seems like a match up destined for clashes . dad : istj mom : isfj younger brother : esfp me : intp sometimes they ask candidates to take the test . how big of a role does mbti play in many hr departments ? are candidates ever eliminated solely by mbti type ? newer show ... but rosa diaz from brooklyn nine-nine . yeah , the female feeler is a popular archetype . lol that sounds right . any further analysis on why these two would be good in a relationship ? cultural norms and so-called ideals . why in theory is an estj so good with intp ? i've heard this often , and can think of several reasons why , but i'd like to hear further analysis of this . fair enough . : tongue : i was positive someone would quickly provide a response of this nature . if you look at my first post , i specified that i was going to focus on the preference of a heterosexual male estj . that's all ... i thought that disclaimer goes without saying . mbti is about generalizations and stereotypes by nature . absolutely right . bad word choice . i will change it . as you know , the stereotypical male is a t type--rational and logical--while the stereotypical female is the f type--sensitive and emotional . considering these longstanding cultural views , when a ... let me first provide the disclaimer that this , of course , is not definitive , but my generalized opinion . estjs strongly uphold societal traditions . i believe that their faith in these cultural ... two of my closest friends for over 10 years are infps . i'd say one comical ( and well-known ) trait they share is their lack of precision in certain statements . they remember the details of past ... estjs are best with other sjs . in my opinion , they have a very difficult time with nfs . for a male estj , i believe the best match is a female isfj . i'm not even sure this is possibly measurable . if so , it would obviously have to be a j or some sort . perhaps sj . what do you think ? i'm absolutely 100 % sure that i'm an intp . but i can sometimes fake being an entp socially when i'm out . but i still need serious re-charging time afterwards . i should also mention that these esfj ... an esfj is supposed to be a complete opposite of me . yet somehow i keep becoming attracted to ( and eventually dating ) these sweet esfjs . what's going on ? and are these relationships sustainable ? i ... that's exactly what i would expect and believe it is generally accurate . personally , i'm an independent who votes republican . haha ! as an intp , i find that response is hilarious . yet so true and familiar for me ... yeah it's always seemed like a fairly incompatible group to me . in general , of course , because it depends on the individuals involved . intps can definitely be goal oriented . in fact , all of them are to some extent . we all set goals and accomplish them ( to varying degrees ) . the intp goals may not be as traditional as those other ... one of my best friends is infp , another is estj . they seem to think the opposite on every issue ( though they hardly know each other ) . do you think these types would conflict as much as just about any ... as i said in the esfp area , don't stop the party for esfps . intps are the most mysterious in general . entjs are the most mysterious to me . hahaha ! having a best friend for the last 15 years who is an estj , i can say that paraphrase is essentially accurate . i have to say that the n / s thing has really been getting to me lately too . i love a lot of s type women at first , but it just doesn't seem workable . i miss that deeper intellectual connection and we ... interesting ... good point . i know this requires a great deal of knowledge on an artist from a while back now , so not everyone will know wtf is going on . but feel free to chime in if you know the ... yeah i know know what you mean . i believe that neo from the matrix is a rare lead character intp . but that has a lot to do with the unusual philosophical nature of the movie and the fact that the ... calvin i can see what you mean about your types . paul i can definitely see as estj . i may disagree on john the apostle being intp though . although he does have that kind of calm / detached tendency , he ... is it possible that beach boys composer legend brian wilson is an intp ? i never would have considered this as even a possibility until someone argued for it . in the 60s he achieved autonomy and ... intps are generally big picture logical thinkers . so they would create the architectural ideas and leave implementation to others . lol . troll thread ? it may be a dumb thread , or moronically phrased , but i'm serious about the topic . i have the tendency to get extremely attracted to esfjs , which never seems to end ideally . and yet here ... in the case of solomon i'm not positive whether or not he would be an intp , but i would probably say he was ( if i had to guess ) . he was certainly motivated by the pursuit of wisdom and knowledge . in ... i'm not sure that i can explain it better than other resources . so i'll just send a few links : intp personality | 16 personality types portrait of an intp a few excerpts : - - accumulated ... i greatly appreciated your relationship analysis , for the record . interesting thread . i definitely see some truth in it . not sure if it is completely universal , or effected by t and f as well . but i'd like to hear more opinions .. you think solomon was intp ? was it his interest in knowledge / wisdom that makes you think that ? good point . i sometime morph into being perceived as entp and feel a certain kinship with that type . yes , this may be kind of theoretical topic . but can you somewhat alter your type if you wanted to ? obviously i don't think you can change your cognitive preferences . but can you transform yourself , ... hahaha ! yeah i've honestly thought about giving extremely absurdist answers like that . frankly they come to my head more often than normal answers . answering that i'm a cia special agent and my job ... hahaha ! this may just be a personal quirk and not necessarily an intp thing . but i always hate having to catch up with casual acquaintances with these type of questions . do you ? one reason i probably ... judging by your photo , the intj men wouldn't mind getting to know you either . : wink : '