' the big one is this : be more infj ! and find us . you people are awesome ! find an entp . i love meeting infjs in those developmental years . it's really fun to try to push past the preachiness and ... distant how ? unwilling to talk at all , or emotionally distant ? entps i know are unlikely to engage emotionally in online chat with someone we don't know well . and to avoid generic hey what's up ? nm ... god yes . too familiar . with the lower level stuff , you can just coast and it requires little effort . then you reach a point where you actually have to start being methodical and detail-oriented ... i do this too often . to postpone feeling , i just go off and do something awesome . and then something else awesome . or front . etc . ( barney from himym really exemplifies this ) those rare times ... boobs scotch microfinance thom yorke imagination math / economics entp here . i know many people in math who are intps though . it may be the school i was at , but most of the profs and postdocs were introverts . i found stats people there were ... i noticed it quickly , mostly because you mentioned i should be looking for something strange . but my se is lousy . especially if i'm driving , people will constantly be talking about landmarks or ... if you are an infx , you can tell he likes you by how much he tries to entertain you , often through his interactions with others . also , look for actions . entps are typically flaky with most friends ... mbti : entp likes : math ( stochastic calculus , quantitative risk , abstract algebra , number theory , dynamics ) economics / econometrics physics ( quantum physics , string theory ) organic chemistry ... we entps are often indecisive , especially early in life . he may have not wanted to deal with all the baggage that comes with a post-honeymoon relationship and yet still have genuine feelings for you ... the brain that changes itself - - a book about neuroplasticity and adults that have overcome remarkable neurological defecits through exercises that stimulate brain development the artist . definitely deserved best picture . it's such a challenge for modern actors to convey a story without sound , and they pulled it off really well . back already ? you struck out pretty fast and gave up pretty early . guess you're still just a little kid . no ! you people are not socially awkward ! you are mad sexy , deep , and incredibly fascinating . she is way too extroverted to be an intp . and emotive . she must be an f . maybe ne and fi ? simple answer : become an istj closed-mindness and inability to see logic when right in front of them ( yup , that covers both the ne and ti ) self ( unless i can strategically gain something i want by siding with others ) how is this actually a question in an entp forum ? damn bayesians . theories are better . on a scale of 1-10 : e confirmed . if you want to have a real chat , face-to-face . if you're ironing out plans , texting is easier because then you just stick to the facts . i think the big thing for me is that phone calls ... i appreciate the advice . thanks . i currently work in an environment where creativity and innovation do not seem to be encouraged and people are evaluated almost solely on showing up for things on ... he could have also meant ( 3s , - 5 ) * (8 , s - 2 ) . or cross product ! so many possibilities . didn't mean to be bitching . removed . and yes , reflecting back objectively , it's completely ridiculous to not accept other types for not accepting a type . lol . thank you all for responding rationally ... how would you go about setting up this problem in general ? step 1 : define x , y and z to be whatever the question asks you to solve for . you're asked to find litres of milk drank by each ... lol @ drunk 4 am post . edit : ( irrelevant hungover venting removed ) a lot of cognitive science is based on linguistics . i read a really interesting book on cognitive linguistics and how it can be used to deconstruct messages used in public discourse and uncover ... what are good qualities of entps ? what do people like about entps you know ? what do you like about being an entp ? i need a pick me up . i'm in a pretty dark place right now . there are many reasons ... i wish i was a little bit taller , i wish i was a baller , i wish i had a girl ... she don't have to look good i'd still call her also , brett fielding is a pig-f * * ker oh , sorry , i thought this was ... existence xxd an inconvenient truth zing ! i'd love to see that . the problem is , north american high schools suck at teaching math . so people taking 1st year econ just don't have sufficient comfort with math , and the universities are forced ... hmm .. i can see peter's strong ne but his ti is nonexistent . this is probably what happens to an entp who is petarded and unable to lean on their ti , falling into a hilarious mess ne-fe . if you can deal with extreme work pressure and potentially soullless work , work as a stock broker or a quant on wall street for 5 years , save up 7 figures in the bank , and then quit and take up a ... the batman / bruce wayne comparison is interesting . unlike clark kent / superman ( both are is ) , bruce wayne is intentionally an e because it is expected in high society - - millionaire recluses raise ... hmm good points . i agree she's less introverted than dawn and less extroverted than faith . either a weak e or weak i . contrasted with kendra , she's very esfp for a slayer ( she actually has ... good point . in flashbacks to her la days she seems the most e - she describes her old self as like cordelia . but we never actually see her like that in the present . i wonder how much of that is just ... esfp just se-fi instead of fi-se ... hmm .. i could buy that . why do you think she's an e ? she doesn't really care about social status , belonging , or what others think . like most is , she keeps a ... other buffy characters . willow - infj . i can see why people would think nt , but nis can be quite academically brainy too . she's a huge people pleaser in the earlier seasons . this could just be ... glad to see this thread up :) i love buffy and angel . i'm going to disagree with most on buffy's type . i see her as a lone wolf . i think she's actually quite anti-social . she's very ... glad to see this thread up :) i love buffy and angel . i'm going to disagree with most on buffy's type . i see her as a lone wolf . i think she's actually quite anti-social . she's very ... answers in bold . 1 ) what do you look for in a girl ? not a relationship . also , someone who doesn't use bulleted lists on a platform that loves raping people with autoformatting ... you're thinking of education in terms of technical college or an apprenticeship . maybe that's where you should go . university is not for everyone , which is why it is not compulsory . some people see ... the title says it all . seriously . where are you hiding ? don't be fecetious ! i would say if you're going to college on some other pretense , then you're being extremely stupid . college is not meant to prepare you for life . you are not getting a degree in life . you are ... yeah , who needs chartered accountancy . useless skill . no real world application . also , given our economic situation , i'm glad people think business ethics is a useless topic . you get dumber ... the abstract algebra ( i . e . groups , rings , etc . ) that they teach at an undergraduate level seems fairly useless on the surface , but it's actually used to do things like solve ridiculous differential ... to clarify , i did not mean robot in a derogatory sense , but in reference to your avatar . determined it was bs on what grounds ? that is , you know , the relevant part . without reference to evidence ... to put things in perspective , up here , entry-level teachers in their first year of work make $ 90k in igloo territory ... $ 70-80 in remote rural communities with shortages . more like $ 60 in most ... '