thank you so much , bella ^ ^ you too :) i'm going to college too by the way , i'm a senior within something called the ib and it's so goddam hard . aah i'm nervous but it will work out ^ ^ i shouldnt be fraternizing with the enemy . why are you so awesome ? xd hahah actually the same here xd high five :D gosh those self absorbed * urgh * yes , the power to be independent is big . i'm with zaria , being the center of attention is eergizing but can also be tiresome when not in the mood for it . keep in mind though that everyone has ... introversion is quite special too . everyones lucky to be alive ^ ^ it really is quite lovely :) is your intuition and perceiving really 100 % ? : s omg this is so cool . how awesome haha , my intial therapist is not a licenced pedagogue but calls our sessions pedagogic rather than therapy because he teaches me rather than makes me think for myself ... i dissagree with that statement because some dreams are life dreams , unless they are lost along the way . see , as one grows up it is easy to trash their inner child , which is why the aspirations are ... pink floyd , the wall :) i do actually haha . see , right now i'm content about myself . although when i feel like a success , i love everything about me whereas when i feel like a failiure , i hate everything about me . on a side note shai you may be blamed and prosecuted for not doing anything if witnesses see you just walking by or if you get cought on a camera ... haha classic , handsome ... ahahhahahahhha i absolutely died at this . hope you feel etter though starry . actually evil arouse by a girl named pandora who opened a box . better not to , so tell me how your friends can be decieved or do i need to run and hide ? you know , by not doing you are just as guilty as the one who is . i hope it will for you too , don't stop believing though :) it will get those who deserve it in the end . ^ ^ ' rihteous judge ov vengeance grant me the gift of absolution before the day of ... that was so beautifully put : sad : it's easy to go from the former to becomming the latter . hence , i am working on it :D thank you so much for being so nice and welcomming ^ ^ sorry i had to use the evil t against you :/ hihi ^ ^ you think we are ? when he wan't to catapult me to the moon haha ? :D ahh nice one , my thinking functions are proposing that it is all imagination ;) which is just as horrible , if not worse because people have their lives ruined due to rape . so if you hear a little girl screaming for help and she is ' getting raped ' you wouldn't bother ? i'm sorry for not being clear and direct enought , what i meant by neglecting the theory was that i don't find it applicable to me . see , by being aware of the diffusion of responsibility , conformity ... don't underestimate my thinking functions ;) hahah literally or figuratively ? xd yea i'll answer any questions :D i'm not into black magic ^ ^ hahhaha what are they ? carnivores ? ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ohh you made me curious , well go ahead - introduce me ^ ^ honestly what kind of a sick question is this , i am sincerely disturbed by it . come on there must be more intellectual capacity than this ? hello sistaaah ! thank you ^ ^ i'm not following your train of thought ? xd haha how malicious ! what would work in that case ? :D also do you have a specific justification for what you are doing , that makes it righteous ? on the contrary she seems to be taking her image very seriously . anyway she is so hot though . if only i were a lesbian .. hihiih maybe i have but their sweet smiles and innocent eyes makes it so hard to . don't you think ? hahahhaha this had me laughing sooo hard xd xd xd catapulted to the moon haha ? you are almost convincing me that it is fun . ahhh damn st's uncovering the depths of us nf's haha . i hate that analyctic skill of yours used for the purpose of evil xd anyway , you tell me when you succeeded in making someone leave then ? :D that is a interestingly bizzare plan , you should go ahead and waste your time trying to get rid of the likes of me ^ ^ i was willing to give you a chance xd observe the emphasis on trying - not ... that is certaintly interesting . then you should have some sort of developed patience with nfp's ? ;P hahah hello fellow enemy . as you know nf's do not get along well with st's ;) hahahah gosh stop being so abusive . now he / she sucks at english , but at least he's trying . try to get what he means instead of focusing on the faulty grammar etc . it's interesting when mother ... i would probably fall into deep admiration of myself ^ ^ omg i studied the kitty genovese case in school for social psychology :D well my psychology teacher asked us , if we think we would have helped or called if we were there , and of course everyone said ... oh yes unfortunately i am seriously girl ? ? that is cool haha . it also seems as if everything with a touch of america has me fall head over heels , especially american english aaah * aaah i could just die * hey sexy =) yes i think you are right , res ! happy to see you . somehow the uncertainty for me is whether those of my type really are like me . thank you for the nice wellcoming ^ ^ i have had several manic moods , i turn manic when things go my way and euphoria hits me , especially when i succeed . like all yesterday and today i have been hooked on ' the beach boys - surfin usa ' . ... nono thats okaay :) i'm open to all various types . i love that song :/ wow this is interesting because the same happens to me with certain songs although i was on ecstasy . my anxiety levels increases and i feel down and depressed too . special ... what ? : o shai you seriously lost all my admiration , - 9564133 38 points . i met someone once because i though i was inlove haha . it was horrible . pink floyd - another brick in the wall