' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KdF_4Glx52I 6:47 pm pass my mid semester exam on wednesday . should be fine . yes i have , and they all agree with me . i've done work experience and certification courses ( ccna etc . ) and i find it much more interesting . just i'm so far into my degree i figure i may as well ... by my statement i was referring to how mbti has a habit of pigeonholing people , then i referred to the people who are obsessed with mbti as pigeons and the mbti types as holes . if you are looking ... i will message you ^ _ ^ since its mutual , i guess we could talk to each other ^ _ ^ thank you for the hug ^ _ ^ and thanks for the offer of being willing to talk to me , but i don't want to burden anybody with endless complaining and whining . i'm not much of a talker as it is . i may ... welcome to perc ! try not to get too hooked up on mbti etc . it tends to be very pigeonholey and besides , most clinical psychologists dismiss it as accurate / practical . don't get too caught up in ... so i have been having it pretty rough over the past few months and i just want some time to selfishly vent on an online forum to let some of the steam out . i am a 3rd year university student ... i truly do feel for the op . so many pigeons , so many holes . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DvAAyPMr5Jc friday 2:29 pm in brisbane australia i don't even get dressed if i'm going out . to be fair , i can count the number of times i have gone out this year on two hands . faust never argue at the dinner table , for the one who is not hungry always gets the best of the argument . voltaire i prefer the company of peasants because they have not been educated sufficiently to ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qCo6QZs7J9s yup . negative , but i have been in snow before etc . edit : actually , i did have christmas once in california with family , but no snow . happy that university is finally over . now i have the summer holidays to read some amazing books . i am 5w6 and i have social anxiety disorder . yes it certainly drives me to be introverted , but none the less i would be an introvert anyways . being alone doesn't both me in the slightest , i ... even if we do agree with hawking for the sake of argument , i still don't see how philosophy is dead . not to mention a bunch of people here are getting the context of the quote wrong . he isn't ... http://www.esquire.com/cm/esquire/images/h2/esq-giving-toast-0212-lg.jpg here here poor northern territory . if god almighty thus treats those whom he loves , i earnestly beseech him never think of me . baron d'holbach , good sense . had a good chuckle . implying we already aren't . personally i don't warm to people at all except in cases of necessity . i have my family ( small , close ) and that is all i want and need . i'm psyched . i have my last university exam of the year ( summer holidays after ) today at 2:30 pm . leroy . jenkins . i know i personally don't miss anybody except for my parents . now that i'm older i actually think this wouldn't be the case anymore . my younger brother has been away from home overseas for a year ... glad to be in the presence of a fellow queenslander . yet my hatred for this state knows no bounds . reading , and writing with a fountain pen . and drinking chinese tea . 1 : what is your type & gender ? intp , male 2 : what do you like most about you / your type ? that it seems to fit my personality more than the others do . 3 : what do you like least about you / your ... this is the first image that comes to mind whenever i hear ' entp ' . 86286 trusty voltaire really wish i was an entp ( but retained intp introverted qualities ) so i could really give air to my ideas with more people , and more often . welcome comrade . i too am an intp , i too have social anxiety . you are not alone . ;) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b4meFC1ee7Q people . personally i lean towards inherently not good , bad just presents a false dichotomy . if you are really interested in this topic i recommend reading some of the works of french philosopher jean ... atheist . very interested in the ontology of god though , hope to make it a thesis or something of mine for my phd or masters degree . i think you can infer my potentially unpopular opinion from this statement . do carry on . i have an exam on thursday i really want to ace but i'm finding it very hard to do work ( at least i'm doing work unlike usual ) . going to have to really pull it together tonight and tomorrow if i ... philosophy ( specifically metaphysics / epistemology . ) and computer security probably . well , i'm nowhere near an expert in either , but i am certainly well above the average person . call me ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2FoPZ0PZ32w i find this song so calming and uplifting . hamburger and fries . doing splendidly thank you for asking . welcome aboard . you will have plenty to cut your teeth on here ( mbti , socionics , enneagram etc . ) . your interest will most certainly be satiated ;) at my computer , or at my desk reading or writing . or at lan parties ... but i think i'll stop going to those . name change to off the hitch please . reading an interesting book . learning . waking up at 2/3 am and going outside for a walk . everything is quiet , its as if the world is holding its breath . stargazing . my desire to study philosophy at oxford / cambridge for my graduate degree . couple more years in undergraduate + honours . then the world ... divorce is probably of nearly the same date as marriage . i believe , however , that marriage is some weeks the more ancient . voltaire i suppose i also include my faculties in my senses . i just never want to be slowed down , i always want to be at my mental best . but yes , you are quite right with it being different for everyone . '