' i was no where near as bold as you were . i never had tantrums either . you know that assbiscuits got kicked out of a kids club on holidays ? the organizers refused to take her back again and she ... you were a horrible brat of a child . i think your cousin is an istp though :P so many questions ! what were you like as kids ? i was very girly . i was always bored . i could never stay inside for ... booorrriiinnnggg read the whole thing to see if i could though . clearly you're asking for something you don't want form here . you're like a hungry adamant child refusing to be fed . none of us here know you , you could be anyone but you're also a person in ... my ni sucks : crying : oh come on . you don't have super powers . he doesn't look very tall enfjs use fe , focus on your fi instead . entjs use fi and fe is usually one of their weakest functions . edit : wrong thread - _ - i'd rather be an estj so i could more done . function wise you two are opposite according to beebe's functions . palobell the shell cracks don't you worry about it ;) . lol i do this kind of shit all the time to mess with people's heads . here's one you can try , walk into a gift store and ask where's my gift ? estps want to test laws and break laws . entps want to test people and break the norms of society . uh-huh . otherwise they barely open they're mouth [ from experience ] . i'm really good at my capitols - big head - what the capitol of burma ? that's a tough one what's the capitol of vietnam ? ho chi nihm did he think i was stupid or was he stupid ? either ... my ne is pretty strong . but i'm a sensor true and true and there's nothing wrong with that . exactly . and i just said i'm not talking sexually no matter how suggestive that post may've been . well anyway i don't wait around for someone . never have . awww : blushed : this thread is so cute . sure wish i was in a tight knit community thingy and i could join in ! just saying :p roud : nahh i'm not talking about sex no matter how suggestive that was >;) cmon guys , i thought we were doers >;) not dilly dallying bitches . hell no .   . it's not working :/ . you mean that she was a bitch ? the woman he was talking about ? it was ambiguous . also , i never called you sexist . read my post again . come back if you still don't get what i mean . had a snow day with cliodna :D no work , hot chocolate , jammies , duvets , the heat's on full blast ʘ ‿ ʘ it's - 8 degrees over here . so the problem is you don't use ti but se however you're not an extrovert ? maybe you use fi ? you need a t / f function so what would you say it is ? referring to woman as bitches ? this is why you can't stay in relationships . the entj i know lives with me and spends a lot of time with me . clingy isn't the right word but we're always together ... l isn't evil but still an intp . light is an enxj and ryuk is an istp . i could learn a lot from you . if i was single sure why not ? nahh you're an intp now ? o_o striver / experiencer your primary vals ™ type is striver , and your secondary type is experiencer . the primary vals type represents your dominant approach to life . the secondary classification ... so i'm guessing the girl isn't you . nonsense ! i do something about it . [ i splash her with my car to remind her to bring an umbrella in future ] . i don't see any valid points she has . for instance , of course one can be extroverted one day and introverted the other . we do have two introverted functions and two extroverted functions . if ... when you don't know what she's talking about :P dude you deserve way better than that . if someone isn't straight forward i know how painful it can be when you love them and they can't just tell you exactly how they feel and be honest or even ... fbi agent ... lol i'm good at making conversation but i don't talk nonstop or anything . i'm not a loner either . i found out she types herself as an intp and if it wasn't for her i'd never discovered mbti because she introduced it to her sister too who introduced this to me . my bad lol .. ... red i think . great post . not that i know of . as a kid she was very emotional , very soft , very sensitive and vulnerable and kind . i'd say she's developed more of a thinking side . disregarding that maybe she's an intj with ... logic can be deceiving and you can't do a lot to argue with it because it can be proven and convincing . youtube - mathematics ? who'd want to use that ? :/ ( it's still opposite day ) i also don't see how this relates to infp women . my new student and my girlfriend's sister . she has me wondering what type she is . she's very interesting . i wish i knew her type . the first thing you'd say about her is she seems quiet , stoic , ... http://www.gifbin.com/bin/1236241801_vladimir_putin_making_balloon_animals.gif http://www.gifbin.com/bin/1238409599_nom_nom.gif ... yup :) . ( it's opposite day , what are you guys doing here ? :/ ) i have an outie belly button . i forget by now :P . i actually had an epiphany and one that i still relate back to my teenage days today . i made lots of great friends in high school , i never did any work . i was your everyday slacker and messer who ... sounds like the difference between a shy person and your everyday teenager . - chews gum obnoxiously - '