main questions 1 . what drives you in life ? what do you look for ? what drives me ... i'm not sure . sadism ? haha . just kidding . i suppose i am driven by the desire to protect ( not to be confused ... does anyone think i'm mistyped ? deer are beautiful creatures . :) look up honey badger vs bear . they're insane . o . o i don't consciously stuff them down either , it just happens . but i am aware that it's something that happens . :) also , are you sure that's not 8 - like ? o . o 8s are lustful , 7s are gluttonous , so ... i have to add , i relate so much to how both 8s and 7s deal with emotions . like , it's kind of awesome to see that i am not the only one who is this way ? i alternate between denial and escapism , for ... i mean , i've definitely been there ; not the salvaging because i can't fit in , i never once tried ... but i gave it some thought , and i did care about being special as a teenager . not sure for how ... well , i have an awareness of having been wronged ... is that similar ? i don't believe i have an air of a persecutor ... i can see 8s taking great offense at such a thing , actually ? also , hahaha ! i ... haha , i'm curious due to your comment a post or two ago ; what is the type you are so sure i am ? :) i just sort of ignore them , and do what it is i want to do anyway . not sure how to answer the second one . welll maybe that was a dumb thing to say . it's true , being controlled / trapped is by far what i fear the most , or , the thought that makes ... okay , so i now realize that list is next to useless . here is a link to a questionnaire that my husband filled out . :) ... i've considered that also , but he's actually the opposite of a perfectionist , is not an angry person , hidden or otherwise , doesn't care about things being ' right , ' etc . so def not a 1 . but thanks ... whoa . this is just super unhealthy 6s , right ? o . o oooo , i can definitely see both of those in our relationship . he seems like a 6 and a 9 ... he is very excitable and restless for a 9 , though , i'd say ? he gets bored and wants to go on adventures ... : angry : passionate , fierce , protective , mischievous , restless , generous , compassionate , hermit-like , wary , lewd , gluttonous , lustful , a warrior and a healer . :) passive silly positive energetic competitive analytical security-oriented loyal affectionate deep-feeling okay , thank you ! ! ooo , very noble goals . and , actually , i relate to 5 some , especially when i am in a particularly mentally / emotionally unhealthy place . 8 disintegrates into 5 . so , 8 could be more likely , ... let's see ... to have a home in the forest , learn to fight with a variety of weapons ( axe , sword and bow ) , become super physically fit / strong again ( once i am healthy enough to ) , travel , try lots of ... i do ! :) not been crazy impressed with the last few episodes ... but overall , it is epic . i agree ! i like the sx 8 one . i relate to it more than the 4 one for sure . the , giving a thoughtful gift and pretending it's not a big deal is so me ... it makes me uncomfortable when they talk ... also , i am way more compassionate toward animals than humans ... like ... in war movies or what have you , i don't bat an eye to people dying , but if it's a horse ... i will be angry . hahahahaha . not ... i ... don't , really . o . o it depends , though . sometimes i can be so apathetic . like , shit happens ... this isn't going to shock or move me , type deal . at the same time ... i am not a heartless ... i definitely use anger as power and energy , if that's relevant ? heheh . this is an interesting thread . ^ . ^ i don't care whether i am unique or not , actually . it's just not something i think about . i am true to myself , which can make me seem eccentric and therefore unique ; but really , if everyone was ... hahaha , sweet , thanks ! and having 4 in my tritype could be where the 4 flavor is coming from also ? * shrugs * this is an accurate statement ! = ^ . ^ = who shall i torture for my entertainment next ? huehuehuehue ... is that true ? i've always read that 8s fear being vulnerable / weak , even if it is well repressed ? as to cp6 , i've considered it , but i relate to it very little if at all . i can see how that post may ... i mean , both ? : o i don't think people are able to control me , so the thought doesn't scare me too badly . that being said , were they able to , definitely that . not 4 ? you think ? i definitely relate to the whole , longing for the source ( i call them the ' homelands ' ) or a place like that , with nature and elves ... and all kinds of embarrassing crap . i've ... my husband is a 9 , and this is sooo funny . how can a person be so passive ? ! it's hilarious . sometimes i'll smack him ( playfully ) and poke him and generally attack him to try and get a ... oh my ... the 8 is also so me . anger problems , man . haha , my life D: oh my god , i relate to the 4 and 7 ones so far , hee hee . one time my brother was sad , so i threw scented candles at him to sniff so he would feel better . @ . @ and when i can tell my dad is sad i ... i've heard about both types from people , yet they seem so similar to me . i am passionate , take-action , but also reclusive and dreamy , but also aggressive and confrontational , but also considerate ... o . o heheh , you'll be okay * pats your head * at , https://www.enneagramworldwide.com/type-comparisons/#four_to_eight , i found types 4 and 8 , what ’ s similar : romantics ( 4 ) and protectors (8 ) can be look-alike types because both show intensity , ... hmm , you sound pretty 8 - like ? : o i relate to some things , not to others ... hrm . i wish there was a definitive way to tell the difference . i know it's not that serious or anything , but i am sure ... actually , i lied . i do still view it as weak . but only in myself ; i don't presume to judge others and , objectively , even though it feels weak , i know it's a kind of strength . also , animal , when my husband and i first started dating i mocked him for crying , as it's something i never do myself and viewed as weak . i don't anymore , as it's a sign of strength to be able to ... ooh , animal , may i ask , were you the dominant one in your relationships ? i most definitely am in mine . i wonder if that is an 8 thing ? my 4 friend tends to be neutral , or even slightly more ... oops . is swearing okay on here ? sorry if not . doodeedoo ... 7 is another option , yes . i have a lot of 7 in me . but , i would not say it is my core type ... a lot of the ' scatteredness ' of me is due to mania episodes , or mixed depression / mania , since i have ... my husband thinks i am an 8w7 also , and that seems to be the general consensus ... i will be certain of it for a long time , but then see some things about 4 i relate to and start wondering again , ... yes , 8 it is ... thanks so much everybody ! i have been uncertain for a while . but i do have a 4 friend and we differ in some key ways , and all of these comments helped me figure it out , too . also , ... after looking at all of this , i feel like sexual 8 fits me best ? i kind of cringe when i read 4 descriptions , because such ... emotional expressiveness and vulnerability are foreign to me ... ? i do ... is this so , i wonder ? most are driven by some sort of purpose , and everyone has emotions . i don't know that 8s are particularly logical ; they are guided by their gut , which can be confused with 4 ' s ...