' do you have money to have someone else do them ? i taught piano . at the tender age of 14 , i believe . intps , of course , make very good subject-matter authors . i rarely pick up a technical book without thinking to myself this author sounds like someone i would enjoy having a conversation with ( in ... exactly . no time for this whole sitting and thinking nonsense . interesting . i find the simple line well , i've gotta get going to be socially acceptable enough . not sure what you mean by that , but i thank you for appreciating us . as it happens , i think infps are interesting as well . i met a girl . in the summer . at the pool . i didn ’ t really find her interesting enough to continue talking to her for very long , but then , that ’ s true of every person i have ever met ( with one ... if only everyone - if only even half of the people out there - actually wanted an intp . that would be nice . this is not a new thought , but i was thinking about temporality and i enjoyed writing this thought out : are we victims to a life governed by external systems and thoughts feeding so continually ... pifanjr said it well : i am only bothered when it seems like my emotional response to what i am feeling is too extreme or doesn't seem to fit the situation proportionally . i'm at a loss for words ... i meant correct as in that was the link i was referring to . correct well , honestly i've never heard the word alogical before and tend to hear the word illogical in place of alogical . so sure , i agree , and will use that word in the future . i ... there are many things that are concluded and agreed upon that effect society very little . honestly i do not think it would change much . religions would still exist unchanged . can you see many ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QbRopWBOgLM i used to be a highly emotional person . but i have a mental illness . it separated me from my emotions some years ago . since that time i have become generally unhappy with emotions because they compel ... what would lead you to even theorize this may be a possibility ? first , it seems to have no apparent backing , but second , experience tends to directly oppose it . most people , if not all , perceive time ... don't try taking out that fencepost by yourself . you'll fuck up your back and consequently the entirety of your life as you knew it . well , your resume is either going to be auto filtered by a system or manually filtered by a human . so would it make you look worse to an auto filter system because it's not relevant ? maybe , i don't ... achieving specialization depends on the field of course . it's easier now than ever to gain skills . if you are into coding / computers / systems / etc then you are already where you need to be ( the ... i would say specialization is better . you can only generally hold one career at a time . each career will generally only require skills in one trade as opposed to many . so it only matters what you ... with a mental illness , i either don't cry or may cry over just about anything that triggers a strong emotional response . i downloaded it and thought it offered far too little opportunity to learn about the person before messaging them . talking to people is a waste of time and it's easier to rule someone out with more ... i've quite fallen in love with excel and to some degree coding . but i spend most of my time trying to understand myself and my mental illness . why i do things . how to understand the distinction ... no , they just get dumber . you are talking about two entirely different people who have entirely different ways of interacting with , perceiving and understanding the world . i don't . no to both questions . i'm generally pretty physically aware so i'm not accident prone in that regard . i also plan and think about pretty much everything so none of my actions are ever accidental ... reality is a projection of our emotions . nothing is objectively worth living for because worth is an emotional state and emotions aren't objective by which i mean they aren't an accurate ... i'm surprised you say that about cost . i haven't looked into it much personally but read on reddit that it's very cheap - $ 6 per day for a whole diet of it ? i'm assuming that would be the bagged ... raw veggies ? i always thought they took too long to chew . boil em , mash em , stick em in a stew or just blend them up i say . but seriously , have you tried soylent or anything similar ? what do you ... i did one 2 months ago . i didn't participate . the others in my group were ultra fast and i was 20 steps behind . i didn't enjoy it but most of them loved it and certainly it would be great for the ... can you explain more what you mean ? please quote me so i get the notification . thanks yes i do . how did you know ? that's pretty dope , i've never heard that but it's nice to hear there are people out there are who decidedly not freaked out about death . i was instantly envisioning a macabre christmas tree ... the main point is that the explanation feels to fall utterly short of describing the experience . i had never considered talking to someone or having that need . thanks for the insight this is a great question actually . for me it has always been where does music come from ? - within me , specifically . i can sit down and bam there comes out a song through my hands without my ... one of the things i hate in relationships , as others have said , is being stifled or feeling like i have obligations to act a certain way . i have to be entirely comfortable being myself . i don't ... i thought this was one of the more interesting songs i ran into recently . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mNcnHHDGfYU&list=LLMFnSyknfDlTvsa4-zX9oxA&index=38 and also i quite like this music ... in an interesting turn of events i stumbled on a pet cemetery . it was called memory park : a pet cemetery for those who care . it looked just the same as a human cemetery but the gravestones had ... that actually strikes me as kind of hot , but only if it was mutually agreed on . but if some nutjob ( no offense ) like this dude is just like this is the way it's gonna be is probably not someone ... i just started my first job that gives me vacation time . i have been working there 3 full months . we have a generous amount of time that we can take such that my boss has already begun telling me to ... how does one post on a facebook page anonymously ? also , yes i sometimes take a wrong turn into a world where people believe there is drama happening all around them and i think , are we living in the ... it has something to do with emotional reinforcement but i'm not sure exactly how . for me , excel experience has afforded me the chance at a nice , quiet and well-paying desk job . it is fairly easy to get good at excel and is a nice doorway to sql / other languages which may be useful ... i went because my parents would have kicked me out otherwise and i was not financially prepared for that . also i had absolutely nothing else i could think to do . as for where - that pretty came ... videographer-ing may be quite physical at times depending on what you do . look at this crazy guy ! https://i.redd.it/mvzarkj7xzgy.gif im an intp . i don't remember how much i researched . i just ended up staying home and going to the local university because it was most cost effective . i don't really care about the education i ... intp , sociology you should like , do data mining man . i have a fairly clerical job . i add appliances to an online appliance / furniture retailer . i manage the products , so for instance i may search for bulk errors and correct them , like spelling mistakes ... i don't know , i wouldn't overthink it . it's funny how such little things can be electric . i'm not entirely sure i follow all of those mannerisms , but sure , it's completely possible for me to think ... in relationships , do you personally progress cautiously ? cautious may be substituted or appended with slow . and to what degree is this true of intjs in general ? i never would have thought that i ... '