' so , no rebuttal to my argument , just an insult . hope it goes well . good luck . : smilies 3 : i want to know how this turns out . how do you know i don't have a dick ? just askin ' : smilies 1 : that aside , love how you used a suck mbps non-existent dick reference about a thread where my original point was that you and iku ... ^ ^ what you wrote it's taken me while to respond to that because it was just so overwhelming . i'm glad that i could read that in private , rather than have you say that to me in person because i ... the difference is that in my last post when i @ mentioned duo , it was because i wanted her to know i was referencing something she had already said , so that in case i get it wrong , she knows i was ... nice attempt at backpedaling . : laughing : you do harbor underlying judgment . that's the point . i replied because as you like to say about others ' posts when you're defending your position : i ... was talking about illness / infirmity and the empathy or sympathy that arises from that . you substituted race as a test of whether your point was valid . this is exactly what you went off on me ... [ / i ] [ / i ] so ... i understand now . it's not about discussing masculine / feminine - the entj personality type ( the theme of the thread ) . it's about you having a soapbox to talk about how ... not going to post quote because i have no comment to the tirade , but as a clarification to this comment : your german ass will be the first persecuted ... my ass is american . i was born in ... moot point . it's doubtful you would make them . and i really do have to run . late for an appt . later . i'll be back later . i've got shit to do , and don't have time for this right now . :d ry : pseudointellectuals if you just want to hold court and not interact with anyone who disagrees with your stated premise , put it in a blog so that no one can respond to it . this isn't the debate forum . we're having a discussion . it was deliberately chosen for exaggerated impact . so that you might actually see it . since it's all just sooo egalitarian here ... i've always found it helpful when trying to explain bias , or stereotyping , or tone-deafness by taking the situation and inserting a different group into the text so that it is more easily heard .  ... dear autocorrect ohio , duck you . mbp no and no . this is where i take my 8w9 ass out of here and let you two back-slap each other and keep talking . good evening , gentlemen . instead of continually debating gender norms , how about this ... here is a suggestion : see them irrelevant . it's irrelevant how i gender identify , what sort of hormones i have in my body , ... this . i've had this conversation for 40 years , the length of my employment history . i'd love to never have it again . : frustrating : it's not about sides though . it's about a vast majority of people ... no . if you look at what i wrote , i didn't say that . you generalized it and make it a blanket statement . i said that you ( two ) are coming off that way . i clearly wrote , you guys come off as . ikusagami and , just going to go ahead and say it . you guys come off as trying to mansplain to us women what it's like to be a woman and how we should comport ourselves in situations ... https://media.giphy.com/media/H6CW8SL6vgVb2/giphy.gif ya . they're awful . i don't wear high heels anymore since i retired . my feet are happy . that ^ ^ ^ is not the problem . she's the one with the power in that scenario . i've rarely had a problem with men who were my inferiors at work because of the reason you state : i'm in charge here . i ... : shocked : aaaggghhh ... that clown from it is sooo scary . : rolleyes : suck it up , buttercups .   ... just going to leave this here : fellow entjs , on occasion , we can sometimes disagree - vehemently , but i always walk away having learned something not only about all of you , but about myself . ... i think a lot of that has more to do with the difference between 8w7 and 8w9 than gender differences . we have very few people in the sub now , but when this place was really active several years ago , ... stupid questions . like this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_UpFqL8hkwE i just got back from starbucks . bought two of their vegan salads : lentil , vegetable , and brown rice . these things ... sangoire is it due to the glitches perc is currently experiencing , or have you opted to no longer receive pms ? * dup post * not sure what you mean by wink . if you mean my wishful thinking ? comment , i think that was pretty straightforward . in response to reactions to advice : a comment doesn't have the power to ... c ) use the money to buy more pot , and come up with some more really good ideas no one has ever thought of before . like , ever , dude . like , using money to make more money . whoa ... good for you . well done . : laughing : i added potty mouth to my twitter profile as fair fucking warning . : tongue : it's really good to have you back , maust . don't stay away so long next time . i crave it . i just don't see any being offered here . well , you rang the doorbell . :d ry : we just answered the door and are trying to figure out what you want . personally , i'm not ... how is that snide ? was pointing out that you are essentially asking if there is the possiblity that it has meaning beyond what it apparently was , merely an acknowledgment of your understanding and ... you're such a fucking potty mouth . : tongue : meh . i'm actually more intimidating in real life . it is a completely different world out there . i'm not constrained by perc rules of having to bite my tongue and be polite when someone gets shirty ... i'm not upset . quite the opposite . i find it entertaining . and amusing that when i say that i'm going to make popcorn and you take that to mean i'm angry . : laughing : probably going to go pour ... so , there are about 800,000 daca recipients in the us in a population of over 320,000 , 000 . it's easy to debate in the abstract whether or not they should be granted continued safe status , be ... i'm just going to sit here and eat my popcorn :p opcorn : because threads like this one get started at least twice a year . despite linked references that show that entjs aren't prone to sociopathy , ... yup . he just squeezed your hand , so probably nothing to worry about . i think it's more concerning that you think it might be more . wishful thinking ? no . not at all . does it remind you of yourself ? been sweeping up the pile of chips off the shoulders of people who come to sub seemingly to ask advice , but really looking to challenge us to a fight . wienie roast and s'mores party later ... hubby ( six years ago ): it's fine if you want to go vegan , but i'm not eating that shit . hubby ( at vegan restaurant this afternoon ): i'll have the jackfruit / kimchi and mushroom / cashew cheese ... well , sounds like you've got it covered , then . no need to come here and ask us for our opinions . there is a difference between simply projecting motive in other's observed behavior and asking for ... i know , hence capital g in my post . ya . if they are intelligent at 24 , they were intelligent at 18 . it's not them , it's your perception . the bolded ^ ^ ^ . i see it as a reaching a faulty conclusion becauase the premise is flawed . i've come to think that when someone tries to project motive onto someone else , it's their own insecurity ... '