please , please don't feel badly at all for advising me to tell him my feelings . it was sound advice regardless of the outcome . i want to live my life as an authentic person . i've made a conscious ... wow that was a effing novel . sorry . hi there , so i apologize about reviving a zombie thread , but i have new information and questions that i wanted to ask about this specific situation , and it seemed like it would be better to attach ... yes , yes , updates ! my apologies ! and heartfelt thanks to everyone who has responded to my thread thus far - you guys have been such a great help to me , truly . thank you ! i decided to text and tell ... actually , i have texted him first a couple of times . after the two week stretch where he was travelling i was the first to touch base . like i said , he reciprocated very quickly and we texted back and ... does it make a difference that we didn't text for over two weeks before , and then i had to initiate in order for him to start texting me back ? and what should i do if he doesn't text me for a bit ? ... enfps , i ask for an audience with you . i have a situation involving one of your kin that i desperately need advice about . there's a guy ( i'm a girl ) who i have known of for a long time ... going on ... yeah , i can say that this is true for me . i've always had a huge thing for athletes , and i kind of idolize them and just think that they're so grand in my mind . since se is my inferior function i ... i'm going to throw entj into the ring for my vote , because that's the type of the surgeon that i work for , and he really is excellent at what he does . i think that his extraverted thinking really ... an infj here who would just love to be able to do what kaidan in the irredeemable comic books can do . she has the ability to summon the ghosts of japanese legends by reciting their stories out loud , ... yeah , i agree , you have a really great way of putting things that makes me understand a new dimension of type distinction . the article that you directed me to in another thread gave me a bunch of ... thank you for that article - it was great and the first one that i've seen that described j and p preferences in a different way than the organized vs disorganized , directive vs informing . in the ' how ... this is interesting . so then if a person is informing in the communication then that means that their dominant process is judging ? so then would you say that an infj is a person who wants things done ... ok , so i'm starting this thread so that i can hear y'alls thoughts on using the directing vs informing style of communication as far as determining someone's j vs p preference . for the uninitiated , ... hi there , infj with a slytherin sort . although i was on the cusp of being sorted into gryffindor . spy : istj villain : intj rock star : esfp knight : isfj princess : esfj bodyguard : istj heir to a large company : ixxp martyr : infp soldier : istj overprotective parent : enfj i like men . they're very non-dramatic or demanding , and in friends that's what i look for . girls engage ( a lot of times ) in petty behavior like gossip and competitiveness , and i've got enough ... thank you so much , ruth 2ten . :) you are so , so kind . i feel really terrible for saying all those things , but i also feel so much better for having vented to someone ( s ) ! it made me feel so much ... mom : exfj ( i can't decide betwen s and n ) dad : entj to the max and then there are my seven younger siblings . i'm the oldest and they are ( in ascending order by age ): brother : infp brother : estj ... today i feel horrible . i felt ok until i came home . i had this new pair of earrings that i had ordered and i love - they look like crescent moons , which are my favorite . i was so , so happy , and then i ... i'm an infj and i like it . not the typical kind of astrology though - i much prefer chinese and celtic astrology , although i love finding connections between all of them . omg , you guys are my family soulmates . : shocked : seriously . i've got an emotionally unavailable entj dad , a too emotionally available / manipulative exfj mother , an infp younger brother ... it's ... i agree that there is a detacheded-ness ( i know , it's hardly a word ) about an infj . my mom tells me that even as a little kid , i always seemed really calm and unemotional , and i actually think that ... i'm an infj . i love american beauty almost famous a beautiful mind proof lost in translation wall-e princess mononoke lord of the rings all these statements are true for me as well . but i'm love avoidant , so i frustrate myself by denying the very thing that i want more than anything . now what kind of sense does that make ? this is the bane of my roommate experience . almost as soon as meeting me , they start spilling their unedited life story to me . : shocked : that said , i thought that this was not something that was ... my closet is in dire need of a purging . things can totally get ' cluttered ' if i let them because i tend to attach a sentimental value to everything that i come into contact with and then i don't get ... i'm pretty happy that you brought this topic up , actually , because i have been thinking a lot about p vs j and how i was quite thrown off at first by the descriptions of what a p type should be vs a ... i'm older * shrugs * . twenty-five . and i only learned about mbti six months ago or so . i'm one of those people that always thinks that people are closer in age to me than they are further , so i never ... thank you so much for your detailed reply , razare . it would be a lie to say that i'm not still processing what you've said , but i really appreciate the time and effort that you took to answer me . it ... oh man , this sounds like me . if i had a nickel for every time my mom has said , ' wow , that didn't start happening to me until i was in my late forties , ' i'd have at least enough nickels to buy myself ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pGH9OlTVoQA this scene was so , so touching . the way that it's christmas eve ( i love that time of year ) . especially emma watson - the way that she goes in to touch him ... 1 . i have never told anyone out of my immediate family circle that i love them 2 . i haven't steadily dated a person in seven and a half years 3 . i have 1,900 pins on my pinterest account 4 . i ... in my personal opinion , i don't think that fe dom or aux are really all that rare . i think that what is rare is someone who is able to use their fe in a positive way . my mother is either dom or aux ... i know now that i want to be around people , that i want to have relationships in my life . so i've started posting on these forums . so i've started making plans . so i've started hoping . i'm feeling eleven and ibage , totally . i know what i've got to do , i'm just so damn afraid to do it . i tell myself that it's no big deal , that millions of people have done it already , that you don't ... a degree in something that i love the right to live my life on my own terms ... dangit ! hey , you know what ? if you can forgive me for killing you by repeatedly having nagini bite you in the jugular , i can easily forgive you for betraying me ! : bored : how social is your work environment ? it's pretty social . i work with a bunch of people that knew me growing up , so it's pretty much not an option to just not care and zip in and out of work ... yeah , i was going to say janitor as well . i clean a medical office with one other girl a couple times a week . it's easy and there's a ready excuse for plugging into your ipod and out of conversation . each morning we are born again . what we do today is what matters most . - buddha it's not what you look at that matters . it's what you see - henry david thoreau change is the essence of life ; be ... for me personally , i found it hard to figure out even my own type at first because i had heard that a lot of infjs are really ' warm ' , which doesn't really describe me . or i should say that it does , ... the world will be ours , my dear bellatrix ! ;) and when we have conquered everything , i will make hogwarts into a school that teaches the dark arts , and force everyone into slytherin house ... so that ... yes , this i can totally deal with . gays who just are don't bother me at all . it's not about the orientation , it's just the aggressiveness that bothers me , when they get really mean or unkind towards ... this . i'm an infj and i haven't been married myself , and i haven't ever met anyone that i have wanted to be married to ( my mom was incredulous when i told her this the other day , but it's the truth ) ... hi , not an infp . but close . ;) i was sorted into slytherin , which really threw me for a loop . i was a little upset , even . i created a second account and retested myself , and came out as gryffindor ... i think that the gays are too loud and in your face . i understand that they're pushing an issue that they feel is important , but their utter intolerance and their childish reactions to anyone who ... i pretty consistently tested as an intp when i first learned about mbti and started shopping around through the various online quizzes . however . when i read about intp ( although i was very flattered ... title : unless author : carol shields blurb : reta winters is a happily married , middle-aged mother of three daughters who writes light fiction . but one day her oldest daughter , norah , drops out of ... ahh , manga . i am surrounded by a lot of people who really love anime , and occasionally they try to get me into this series or that series , but it just seems to be hard for me to get together the ...