' 4w5 i think i am gentle to a fault . i can become verbally aggressive if i am stressed out and feel taken advantage of though . tired and frustrated . i need to do something with my life before i get old and wonder where all the time has gone . that sounds really sad and pathetic though ... i'm an infp leo and hate going to church , especially for a date ! ? not very accurate imo infp ( yesenin ) - 275 isfp ( dumas ) - 245 intp ( balzac ) - 240 enfp ( huxley ) - 215 intj ( robespierre ) - 205 enfj ( hamlet ) - 205 infj ( dostoyevsky ) - 200 esfj ( hugo ) - 175 ... 1 . are you generally good at flirting ? no . i'm pretty horrible at it 2 . do you find it easy to tell when someone is flirting with you ? usually 3 . how do you tend to react / feel if someone starts ... i'm trying to type a potential so : crazy : xsfp or exfp . it depends on the company and what mood i was in before . if i turn esfp it means i'm going to barf sooner rather than later . this is my favorite type of drunk though : laughing : ... yes i experience introvert problems all the time . however , i also have pretty pronounced social anxiety , so its hard to differentiate at times . i think / hope these issues will resolve themselves for ... gross overcooked salmon istj i think he's an ixfj http://youtu.be/X84RZpXPdU4 no . if i'm feeling really hurt / angry , i become obsessed with revenge and fantasize about all the ways i could hurt that person , but i never really do anything about it . if they were close friends ... i'm wondering how other infps experience this . for me it is like having mild ptsd about a variety of situations , primarily social . i remember how terrible i felt in certain situations and connect the ... the only consistent difference between my drunk and sober self is that i tend to place a higher priority on my senses when intoxicated ( likely an increase in si ) . my personality varies a lot ... it depends on the maturity level of the person , but i generally don't get along with strong te types . i relate so much to your post its crazy ! ! ! i never used to have problems with jealousy either until i was pretty much rejected by my two best friends . i became extremely bitter and depressed to the ... same exact reason i got for getting fired . fucking bullshit . on cognitive tests i score higher on ne than fi , but i i'm generally very quiet unless i get really excited about something . i actually fit the enfp description a lot better than the infp one when i ... probably being basically rejected by my two ( former ) closest friends the summer after highschool . i was extremely hurt , but it came out as anger and then depression . i have been a lot more ... do you think you could call before you just drop by ? i love you and all , but we have cell phones . i'm an infp and have been volunteering at a center for kids with autism . it can be overwhelming for me at times , but it definitely has the potential to be very rewarding . if you really want to make a ... exfp i certainly can't speak for all infps , but i think i'm prone to addiction . i've used drugs / alcohol in an attempt to enhance the positive aspects of life and drown out the negative parts . of course , ... based on my experience , the opposite is actually more true ; my infj cousin is more likely to change her values than i am . she has this whole set of beliefs that she will argue constantly , but at the ... i think that although personality types are more useful than star signs , they are wayyy over-hyped on this board . at the end of the day people are just people . a ridiculous amount of high fiber cereal brown rice with red wine vinegar i don't know , but making a big deal over petty things seems pretty un-infpish , then again the 2w1 enneagram may explain that . i don't know anything about korean culture , but if it bothered her a lot , ... i got the same shitty advice , except by the time college rolled around i was having a major existential crisis and didn't end up going . ugghh , as an infp with social anxiety i can tell you that the last thing he needs is tough love . i'm pretty sure he gets plenty of that from other people in his life . i agree with several of the ... i don't think this counts as inferior te , but i had this bat shit roommate in rehab ( like literally stark raving mad ) that would go off on me over the smallest things . one day i couldn't take it ... i've just got to say that this thread is so damn typist ! it really infuriates me ! moving on ... favorites : i kind of hate most people . i mean , there is something wrong with everyone ! 9s are the ... i don't envy estjs for the most part - why so forceful ? that part of their personality really turns me off . what i do envy is their ability to get shit done , not allow others to walk all over them , ... i'm a hsp and so is my esfj mom . my estj dad isn't , but he's definitely more sensitive than average to loud noises and certain smells . when there's a piece of bread in the toaster , he often yells , ... i think there is a correlation though . insecure introverted people are more likely to have social anxiety than insecure extroverted ones . i think weed should be legalized . its all about moderation and personal responsibility . some people shouldn't smoke it because it makes them too stupid or paranoid , but ultimately it should be their ... really ? why ? i agree with you for the most part . i have forced myself into a few very anxiety provoking social situations before and they usually left me feeling worthless and suicidal . occasionally , however , ... i don't know , but i'm an infp and not black and white about anything related to morals except people hurting each other . this would include child abuse , molestation , rape , ect . maybe you're right and ... cherries bloated good point . sorry about quoting your post before you edited it : sad : huh ? yeah that makes no sense . serial killers are obviously just completely unhinged . i meant premeditated murder , which i don't really see as being worse than a crime of passion . i wasn't trying to place moral judgement on any type i am just curious about criminal behavior and how it relates to mbti . yeah , but who's more likely to ? i'm by no means trying to state that thinkers are evil . i think they are more likely than feelers to commit premeditated murder though . i guess sex ... i hope this thread doesn't come across as too offensive or moronic , but i think violent criminals / sex offenders are more likely to be thinkers than feelers . it seems that fe doms in particular would ... ^ ^ ^ thanks for the comments ! i definitely agree that exposure is the only cure . therapy has done very little to ease the intense , irrational fear that comes over me . i've had some negative social ... i haven't been creative with my cooking in awhile . i usually just pick something like spaghetti or curry that i've made a million times and don't need to follow a recipe for . sometimes i'll add extra ... infp infps are not concerned with the material world , anything that matters to them happens inside their head . they are the kid in the back of the class who understands nothing and believes ... - quiet people are so boring - can i organize your room for you ? it's getting a little messy - that barista didn't even remember my name . i come here all the time . what terrible service ! '