' i would say so . i cannot say i have ever been diagnosed as such . i usually get very down around this time of year , but my moodiness is usually anxiety induced and though it's a daily thing , i can ... i do not consume the flesh of animals simply because i'd prefer they have no reason to consume my own . classes : fun and easy social aspect : fun and hard like others i found myself reacting to school with anxiety and underachieving . kind of my predicament now attending college as a freshman . mine is in reference to my attempts to make a dead kennedys username years ago scrambling for something relevant to use . their logo is a dk , and i just derived this nonsense from that . 153 ... yes . half the people in my dorm ignore half the things i say . people take themselves so seriously that novelty or creativity is entirely ignored . * guys in a dorm room watching football * me : ... mine are in line with this . my closest friends are isfp * [ often chat / reflect and do stuff / play music ] , intj [ trade ideas , though usually incompatible ] , entp [ interact with a childish novelty and ... hm .. it was a rather linear development of my full ne i suppose .. freshman year : social anxiety , cold , enigmatic , self-destructive , dogmatic , cynicism ... senior year : awkwardly charming , ... i have not been called feminine explicitly because i kind of seize upon the moody artist / fiery crusader / impulsive , dreamy child thing beforehand . with that said , i'm perceived generally androgynous , ... often i feel like a terrible person for doing nothing at all . i need somebody to reveal myself to : i want to be sincerely strange with somebody ( s ) . i need to get close to somebody and stop holding ... i'll try . isfp : smoother , more athletic observe from a distance - how ? keeps up with details and ongoings [ zero in ] chooses and values things based on individual aesthetics grounded , though ... faking their identity is quite separate from mistaking their identity . i , for one , regularly put on an ironic dumb normal person routine . it's kind of a way to expose the group's ridiculousness , ... why , yes i do take life too seriously . luckily , to compensate , i have always considered my person a joke . self-deprecation is my humor . i believe these would be my eyes ... 27236 the others look quite nice . i really shamelessly conduct myself similarly [ being a semester at college and whatnot . ] . but there is a fine separation between treating somebody as a person to be respected ( from a friendly ... i can relate . i effectively went through high school with the company of weird , outsider artist-underachiever types . [ the violent femmes album to the left was / is our de facto soundtrack ] . because ... i'd say a similar problem myself . i don't really know what to expect out of myself because of it . i feel invariably tied to the type of roller coaster plot action that plagues movies , and that grey ... the same reason christian rock is sub-par . christian is first and foremost more important in these works than either being movies or music . piano , drums , guitar , angsty vocals ... i tied a wall clock around my neck with a red string i found in the dorm lobby ... so far as improv . costumes go , this one was comically bad . i think they got different parts and all ... i would say my inclinations as a male tend to be seen as weird , but i generally play off that anyhow . the difference is likely on a superficial level , ... i don't think i particularly do anything easely . also , this happens . it just did and reality is a slap in the face . i got a 33 on my act , which was nice i guess . my section scores ranged from 28 in science to 35 in english . not sure what any test score could ever mean , honestly . i was really great friends with an isfp . we were in a band with an entp and exfj and got together to continue musicing afterwards . during the group of four we didn't talk much to each other because ... yeah , i've always felt like i was supposed to be dead long ago . if not that , at least before i get old . i love how you're so conventional and always follow the topic of conversation , it's almost as if you think about nothing else ! cool , thanks for the replies ! my original post was far more nervous than it should have been , and i know doing my best getting to know her is all i can do . wish me luck ! :D i would say either rejection , or just generally screwing something up that could have been wonderful . relationships themselves are wonderful , but their emotional tolls can become haunting . [ typical long confused infp post approaching , and more troubled than the tile would suggest ] i wanted to avoid posting this thread , but nonetheless here i am . i'm currently trying to get to know ... that's a noble profession . i won't lie though , back in middle school when i dealt with one i hated every employee for trapping me there because i associated them with my father doing the same . i ... i will say that while pop is not evil ( similar to being traditionally good looking is not bad ) it's incredibly easily misused and corrupted . dubstep , for instance , has become frat boys ' pissing ... i would say we're so romantic in our usual business , it's difficult to tell when anything should be special . mhm , i don't understand it , but it's one of the things that i recognize as just being there . i'm not quite sure why . so it goes . i didn't feel like giving my particular question ( plea for advice ? ) a whole new thread . i have this mutual attraction going with an enfp girl . we get along very well , but our communication ... sounds about right for me ... http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_keFmyWCvGa0/TUI1S18JNFI/AAAiE/JwalbRzbqnY/s1600/Photoshy.jpg in no attempt to derail this threat , addressing both situations would be nice . i've recently started a relationship with an enfp female and i'd be curious to know about that type of chemistry as ... http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/01247/jellyfish_1247566c.jpg turritopsis nutricula - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia i'm hereby impose upon this thread a relevant meme . http://images.memegenerator.net/instances/280x280/10108278.jpg http://images.memegenerator.net/instances/280x280/9916596.jpg ... you are a benevolent creator . ( heheh , they characterized me as god ) you are a creator your imagination , confidence , willingness to explore , and appreciation of beauty make you a creator . you ... intro to philosophy english , propaganda and democracy political science , challenges of democratic citizenship the vietnam era : music , media and mayhem what dumb hippie classes i have ... http://media.giantbomb.com/uploads/0/976/344002-pidgeotto_large.png http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lr608vZykB1qb9dbjo1_500.png ... a + myself . i'm sure that's no help though . predictably there'd be no correlation , but it's an interesting thing . mhm , it's basically this , but with pizza . http://designbyjamie.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2009/12/large-jay-and-silent-bob-300x195.jpg i just moved away for college at a big state school . it's certainly weird . i'm torn between enthusiasm and devastation . i don't know any people , and people don't quite understand anything i do . ... oh , well give people a chance and try to live like you would want to . mhm ideally things would be different ... it's tough getting yourself out of that train of thought . i just try to do what i do , and hope i'm not the only outsider inside of this place . i think ... i'm writing an essay . i like essays if i can remember when i used to write them . i wonder how college will be ? will i even be in college per se or will i just be here ? was i ever here ? who is ... smash some stuff ! or go rollerblading or something ... i've scored 130 , infp . i do believe there is no solid way to grasp somebody's intelligence with a number though , people just do what they can on what they're forced to measure themselves with . a ... i do not and haven't for about 2 years , hopefully continuing that for much longer . it's worked for me and hasn't been too difficult . i actually look at what i'm eating now , which is pretty nice and ... i'd be curious on this large difference as well . i'm not going to lie , when i read that article it made me very sad ... : unsure : it's cool though : cool : does this boil down to infp males been ... '