' how is john smith not on here ? i always found his sort of cocky but gentle personality attractive . i like n64 games like zelda : ocarina of time and yoshi's story . i can't play first person shooter games because they make my eyes fuzzy and i never have any idea what's going on . plus i don't like ... my friends give me startled looks a lot . sometimes i say stuff that catches them off guard and seems sort out of the blue . in public , i don't care how other people see me so i'm sure my behavior ... haha , my undying love was obviously implied by my statement . c'mon man , aren't you supposed to be intuitive ? i seem to mostly attract nfs . or at least , they're the people i notice the most and whom i like to keep in my life . also isfjs , infjs , and isfps seem to be the types i attract romantically . the ... you know you're and infp when you have three hour long intense emotional conversations with a boy in your head and get goosebumps and cry during it . haha , i do the same thing with males ... my three best friends and my sister are all enfps . i love them more than anything and they are the most fun people . but they all seem to get randomly and suddenly hated by people they thought were ... this made me feel warm inside . hahaha , but i will let you think i forgot about it , then tell you my well thought-out conclusions so , even though you think i'm a little flaky , you also think i ... love is not being able to imagine anyone better . seconded ! ! ! i'm not high , i'm just happy . i'm not sad , i'm just imagining . i'm not thinking about anything , i'm just letting myself experience the moment . i'm not crazy , i'm just being silly . i'm not ... thank you both so much ! i honestly can't express how much love i feel for you . and don't worry about me , i have whittled my guilt down over the years to just enough to keep me from telling people ... ditto . i like things to an obsessive degree . i usually keep it to myself unless i find i have that interest in common with someone else . but even then they rarely want to talk about it in as much ... when i was eleven , i heard my epileptic brother having a seizure in his bedroom . i stood at his door in a panic . i was the only other person home . i convinced myself that he would be alright ( he had ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bNoV_kSe7Dk wait , so not being able to control the volume of your voice is an infp thing ? i thought it was just me ! ! i have been working on most of these issues since middle school , so i feel like i am a pretty balanced individual . but i still have to work at controlling the following things . # may be extremely ... i want kids more than anything . a lot of my coworkers say that working with children makes them not want any , but i couldn't disagree more . i want to have 3 or 4 of my own and then when they grow up ... ! ! ! yep . you just described my mother ... she even seed rustles where she take seed pods off of plants even in really inappropriate places like a strangers garden or the side of the highway where she ... my mom and dad are both isfps and i dated an isfp recently . i really appreciate them as people but i find them hard to spend a lot of time around . i am also fi so i feel a kinship with isfps but then ... i do all of these things absent-mindedly , even the more purposeful ones . i suck on my thumb and fingers , bite my nails , bite the inside of my mouth until it bleeds , fidget my feet , chew on plastic things like straws and pen caps , and when i'm overstimulated in social ... these are very infpish shots of me . i have listened to this on repeat for hours at a time : youtube - radiohead - - idioteque ( music video ) i also go through periods where i will listen to nothing but the album the fragile by nine ... a softer world : 27 xkcd : alone yes . 1 . loving 2 . adventurous 3 . efficient ( this is probably odd for an infp , but i really value efficiency in most walks of life . leaves more time for adventures . ) no . 1 . pretentious 2 ... you know you're and infp when you let your enfp roommate convince you to go in halfsies for a hammock on your porch . curse her contagious enthusiasm ! in college , i had to take interviewing classes for my social work major . we would basically just role play a client / counselor scene and get feedback . the first time i ever had to role play as the ... i could date the male version of me . but that would be a pretty unbalanced relationship . our home would be like an episode of hoarders . and we would both make next to no money . but it would ... don't date introverts anymore ! this has always been my problem . infjs used to be my weak spot . but it always ended in disaster . i think our perfect match is actually an enfj or an esfj but i have ... i can't deal with the fact that you exist . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hfYJsQAhl0 actually i could , seeing as there was only one minute of raw footage shown with no real proof that it was , in fact , recent footage of a cuban hospital . most of the video was of the commentary done by ... * sigh * thanks for the perspective , haha . and the hug . i will try not to pine anymore . you should totally be holly ! best idea ! ! man , i want to date an enfj . my best friends are enfps but they are way too flaky for me to be able to date . and my infj friends are just too sad / self righteous . how do you guys feel about infps ? thanks , that does sound like him . my roommate used to always complain that he wouldn't call her because he had a girlfriend . oh , how irritating . also , btw , he is an isfj , not an infj . i just noticed that i typed it wrong in the title to this thread . silly me . i guess my problem is i had this romantic idea of us becoming inseparable ... i'm going to go as either jessica rabbit or xena . i went as xena last year but we just ended up going to the movies and i still have the costume . all i need for jessica rabbit is the purple gloves . ! ! ! yes ! ! ! ok , this story ended up being sort of involved and long winded , but any isfjs have any advice ? so , my best friend and roommate has this other best friend ( male ) who she met at nerd camp in sixth ... simon tam from firefly is an isfj . dear god , i can't stand people who use fox news as proof for whatever assinine fear mongering or belligerent patriotic dogma they're spouting . have you ever been to cuba ? probably not . and the ... i am a cat . or more specifically , my cat . i'm very still , but hyper-vigilante and i tense up at small noises . i turn into a puddle of love when shown any affection but i am aloof and skittish with ... i have definitely imagined myself committing some pretty heinous violent crimes . i have always said that if i have no family by the time i'm 30 , i am going to be a serial killer . it's good to have a ... haha , you guys are entertaining ! i think zoe from firefly is an intj ... sorry to keep hogging the conversation everyone . gosh , you would think i'm an intj or something . heh . don't you think this would be incredibly difficult to make work in a country as large as , for example , the us ? direct democracy is difficult to manage when you have so many people living in such ... as i said in my first post , a perfect system does not exist because human beings are not perfect . what would work ( including every individual in a society that respects their human and civil rights ) ... '