' also labelling them as hate groups / hate speech , i . e . people who have no right to speak or even exist as group only has the effect of making them feel persecuated and therefore justifying their ... racism is a form of tribalism . humans have a natural tendency to form in groups and out groups . the out group often gets dehumanized and everything ill in the world is blamed on them . the ... would disagree somewhat . the ideas might originate with fi , but fi generally doesn't impose its idea of morality on other people . fe is the function that tries to get everyone in compliance with ... i hate the left / right paradigm because it allows people to lazily assume there are only two types of people in the world . also it makes people feel a need to downplay or even defend the worst ... what bothers me is judging historical figures not through the context of their time , not through the their contribution , but rather through the prism of current morality . every era has its own ... internet allows us to listen only to sources of information that we like and never have our views challenged . bubbles form . we forgot how to cooperate with the other sides . each side wants 100 % of ... externally it can be hard because the distinguishing trait ti vs fi , are both introverted functions and aren't always on display to the world . infps can sometimes act very detached emotionally ... i've found it the most difficult to distinguish between e and i in most type . because they share the same functions , and introverts spend some of their time acting more extroverted and vice versa . ... these i think are the two best intp descriptions i'm aware of . they describe the intps relationship with emotions . see if they fit you ? intp personality type : thinker & seeker an intp profile it's a myth that intps are unemotional . when it comes to emotions , intps seem to have a harder time dealing with them , so often we simply try to repress them instead i too see entp , intp and infp in your descriptions . all the talk about the need to be ' true to yourself ' and ' fakeness ' being the first thing you listed that you disliked in others in particular ... i have had a hard time typing my family i'm intp father : do everything by the book , follow a strict schedule kind of guy , first i thought istj , but now i'm not sure . he may have a touch of ... this is ti / ne in a nutshell . and yes , they can be difficult to explain to others . you have to figure out how to a way to make it easily digestible for others who don't think the same way you do . i like to cook ? not all the time though . i dated an estp woman and she was definitely very much into girly things while at the same time not exactly being the stereotypical girly girl . for instance one of her mornings might consist of ... the way the description was written was that when ne generates the idea / concept , it seeks to have others validate the idea , because since it's not a judging function , it's unable to judge the idea ... you are probably an entp . second choice : estp ( because a couple answers sounded a little se ) , but i lean much more towards entp , enneagram 7 well there is at least one ne description on this very site that describes ne as needing external validation for its ideas . and that's one of the problems with typing confusion , everyone has a ... the problem is i think we find these fe-style appreciations / affirmations meaningless because they will validate nearly everything . i don't need a pat on the back when i made a mediocre effort .  ... why stop at names when we can stop using words altogether ? we communicate making funny faces offline and emojis online welcome to the magical land where people aren't crazy ! aka the intp forum ! even male intps don't fit social expectations all that well . people just don't know what to do with our type - - ... found the mistyped intj :D what if one has multiple personality disorder ? should they identify as iii ? or maybe iiii if one of the personalities considers itself important ? or ne : * she's pretty ; i wonder what she was thinking ; i wonder what the paint tastes like * simultaneously :) that just shows that reagan had a self-deprecating sense of humor i might be asleep during the cabinet meeting . another example was when he quoted george washington during a state of the union ... any of them really . lots of t-girls dress that way and even enjoy girly things . i can think of a number people purported to be intuitives who are quite good . but i think people's type affects how they approach making music . so if you are trying to emulate say , an se's persons ... i would guess si-users would be more reluctant to try them at first than se-users . apart from that , i'm not sure . > intp : sphinx ( answer my riddle or die ) we get to kill people for not answering our riddles ? now you tell me ! ! : laughing : the only thing i can say without knowing the details is the fact that the relationship is years and not months counts for something . i can easily walk from a relationship of a few months , but ... i've read that ne requires external validation . ne is my # 2 , and when i have intuitive insights , i usually feel the need to run them past others even though in general i don't seek much validation ... no . it creates a sense of pressure and / or a potential source of embarrassment . i tend to back away from the other person in these cases . intp i would say xnfp . question # 2 suggests you are strong with extroverted intuition - desiring creativity , not liking monotony , not being good with details . i see introverted feeling in several ... deleted not quite sure what you are asking .. he likes you ? or you aren't sure if he likes you ? you were more than friends , but you tried to push him away but he didn't stay away ? you don't ... ne spots patterns . when i see a pattern about to repeat itself , i may make a prediction off it and be correct when others don't see it . but normally ne presents too many possibilities and can be ... you don't seem like an intp so much focus on leading , winning , being the center of attention - not very intp qualities . have you considered entp or an xstp type ? as far as the abandoning relationships . yeah i've done that . i have seen one intp description that talks about an invisible line that when crossed will cause intps to abandon a relationship . ... won't everybody define light and dark differently ? could it be that you are turned off by fe rather than attracted to fi ? fe's more noticeable . ask them what their plan for world domination is . if they don't have one ... intp :) that sounds more ti to me i think infj , but not with 100 % confidence . i think thinks like this help sway me : > i put more effort into making sure other people are being authentic and are making the best decisions ... i don't see how it's the same . it kind of implies i can acquire someone's love when they don't love me much , and after they learn to love me more , i could just transfer their love to someone else ... ok , but this is showing an analytical approach to choose a community for logical reasons ( you don't want to be part of a dead or toxic community , for instance ) . fe doesn't seem to work this way . ... do you find yourself more concerned with how things work or the ethics of things ? do you feel like you have your own personal set of moral standards , or that moral standards are more universal ? as an intp , an easy and fun conversation is pretty much always a good first impression regardless of the content of it . if he made himself late for work because he was talking to you , that's a ... what makes humor work is ' timing ' and ' tone ' . what you wrote sounds funny , but delivered in the wrong tone of voice , could sound awful . if not that , sometimes one child gets favored and can ... [ quote = grunnmarie ; 3581568 2 ] i think ne is also an in the moment function . it's not focused on the far future as ni is said to be . it sees too many possibilities of how things can pan out to do ... i would say either entp or intp . i see a ti approach in your answers . not so much fi '