' i got into mensa , so i have to have an iq of at least 132 or 140 , depending on the scale . this may be slightly off-topic , but i'll go ahead and answer that . for our purposes , we'll define eugenics as the belief that the human race should be improved by encouraging the reproduction of ... intps tend to be extremely independent and critically-minded , so they're less likely to conform to organized religion , which mostly argues from authority and community-oriented theology . i'd also say ... soldier - estj . soldier is the epitome of the stereotypical military archetype . if gunnery sergeant hartman is the poster-child for estj's , soldier is definitely that type . scout - esfp . this one ... i'll direct you to the tvtropes article discussing fictional intps . other than that i'd say the best fictional representation of an intp i've ever seen is max cohen from pi . he's hellbent on a quest ... one relationship which i think is interesting and which hasn't been analyzed as much as it should by the mbti community ( at least to my knowledge--if anyone has pertinent articles , feel free to post ... i grew up with two dogs , but i recently got a cat , and i think i like her more than i like the dogs i've had . if i could have the opportunity to have a pet pigeon , i definitely would , and not just ... i agree with many of the fundamental points of feminism ( such as the notion that men and women should be given equal opportunity and should be treated equally ) , but there are some details i take ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4HVsgAWdQX8 intp male most : infp , infj , enfp least : esfj , estj , isfj i wouldn't pressure him too much to express emotion . intps repress their fe because it's severely underdeveloped , and any public display thereof will only invite regret . the only times i express my ... i like intelligence , especially of the artistic kind , imagination , and a whimsical temperament ( i guess i'm pretty attracted to ne ) . i am actually pretty attracted to enfps , and i have had an enfp ... i went to a catholic private school as well . as an atheist , the religious nature of the institution certainly conflicted with my ideals . i mainly coped with it by trying to make religious knowledge ... i've been to a few loud parties and concerts ( for science , of course ) . it's always been far too chaotic and far too loud . i either retreat into myself as a defense mechanism or actively seek to ... i'm an intp , and my mother and father are an isfj and an intj respectively , my father being the most influential . besides that , my two older sisters are an enfp and entj , so maybe the other sister ... i took the test a year and a half ago as part of a college counseling course , and had no prior knowledge of mbti at the time . the description they gave me was so accurate that it sparked my ongoing ... i agree with feminism as the notion that females and males deserve equal opportunity . past this , i take issue with several key points . i don't agree with the concept of patriarchy because i believe ... i can only speak for myself and intps similar to me , and in doing so , i would suppose merit is the degree to which one has retained their childlike sense of wonder and creativity , always continuing ... intj's are very capable of emotion , really , but they're more apt to hold convictions , as their tertiary function is fi . ni also gives one a sense of mysticism , which drives most of the fantasy-based ... i like any music with a certain degree of complexity , i've found . i like classical music , and have listened quite a bit recently to tchaikovsky , schubert , and shostakovich . i also really love ... i pretty much have this exact problem . mbti has occupied my thoughts more than i would like lately : i can't enjoy media without searching what the consensus on such-and-such character's type is , i ... i play a few musical instruments ( piano , violin , and the drums ) , i like to write , i play chess and go , and when the mood strikes me i go on walks . i do a few other things , but that's what takes up ... i was the youngest and was raised in a household with two older sisters ( the oldest an enfp and the younger one an entj ) and an isfj mother , but my intj father had a pretty big influence on me . 334058 emily dickinson - - infj just look at that knowing smile , that talent at poetry , that keen intelligence , that self-imposed seclusion for the latter part of her life--this is the woman i ... i don't know too many infjs on the internet , but the one infj i knew in real life and i had a falling out , so my perception of her is pretty skewed . personally i mainly prefer infps . actually , ... we are here on earth to fart around , and don't let anyone tell you different . - - kurt vonnegut it appears i must now drop my thinking masquerade and give in to my secret inner infp . i suddenly have the strange urge to write a poem and cry . when i'm looking at something , i don't see the thing itself . i see its chemical makeup , or i see the chemical reaction that's causing it to happen . when i feel cold , i imagine heat leaving my body ... assuming i could guard myself against hostile environments , i would want to go back to abiogenesis so i could study exactly how life came to be . i've also always wanted to go back to the manhattan ... i've heard that the internet is a very introverted intuitive place , and i think it's really telling that the top pinned thread on this subforum is about how the esfjs never post here . te ( extroverted thinking ) ( 55 % ) your valuation of / adherence to logic of external systems / hierarchies / methods ti ( introverted thinking ) ( 95 % ) your valuation of / adherence to your own ... eugenics is flawed for three major reasons ( and for our purposes , i will define eugenics strictly as controlled breeding for the purpose of improving a population , although i know there are many ... yeah , i noticed you had an intj and isfj too . my parents actually get along really well . they've been together for a really long time , and i've never noticed any serious friction between the two ... i've tested all of them . dad : intj ( and a pretty prototypical one at that . ) mom : isfj ( although i always assumed she was an extrovert . ) sister : enfp sister : entj as a member of mensa , i recommend you don't waste your money . most of them are either incredibly conceited or involved with some pretty fringe stuff ( there are subgroups dedicated to conspiracy ... my favorite directors are darren aronofsky and stanley kubrick , so naturally i'm more into surreal films . certainly if films are more abstract and open to interpretation , i can think a bit more about ... i have a lot of work i need to do today , so i'm going to get right to it so that i don't have to worry about it later . clearly the only acceptable religion for an intp to follow is the deist cult of reason . 283170 hail the supreme being . hail robespierre . i generally like girls who are intelligent and introspective ( maybe a bit awkward ) , with a quiet and understated personality . artistic interests help too--i find writers and bookworms pretty ... i'd tentatively label myself as a libertarian socialist . i wholeheartedly embrace the position that government exists to protect the liberty of the people , and i support any system of government that ... this is where cognitive functions tend to stumble . of course intjs are logical ; introverted thinkers , especially intuitives , are the most predisposed to thinking logically instead of emotionally ... very rarely do i feel stupid around other people . i may reach an impasse with others , but usually if they show inordinate confidence in their view and ridicule mine , they're wrong and only need to be ... - - what's your type ? pretty firmly intp . 1 . are your sentences short or long ? are you straight forward or avoid or divagate around the subject ? i'm pretty straight forward , although if there are ... i like how this thread has turned into a discussion of op's torture of spiders . i've heard a lot about intp's emotional outbursts , and so i think they're probably relevant to the discussion . essentially , a majority of the time , intps project , and sometimes internalize , the ... considering there were approximately 11000 people born on the day i was born , i'm not sure if it levels the playing field too much . anyway , i'm with everyone else here that numerology tends to be ... although i wouldn't mind that , my messiness , procrastination , absent-mindedness , and tendency to never finish anything i start attest to my identity as a perceiver . i've developed my te pretty well through my admiration of historical intjs and the magnificent bastard archetype . i also like to think of myself as not terribly far from the intj type , seeing as how ... everyday when i wake up i make mental plans to take over the world , but i never really get around to it . people say i'm pretty funny , but i guess that's because my entire life has been a battle to intellectually one-up my intj dad . that usually means barrages of one-liners and being able to think up ... '