' no , because being able to make love to my mind is a prerequisite to make love to my body . therefore , i guess i am incapable of having one night stands . from my experience i've known that i lacked the social skills my peers did when i was a teenager , and i was determined to change that . such is the case when i was doing my ' a'-levels in the uk i ... i don't like writing by itself . from my marketing background , i like writing as a challenge as a test that i can deliver my message / points clearly across to my target audience . many people don't ... i think heidi priebe sums it up well . the most important six inches on the battlefield is between your ears . - general james mattis usmc what is the one advice on life you'll give to your fellow intj ? mine would be : don't decide on something based only on one good reason . the more profound your decision is in life , the more ... op : a few pointers that maybe able to assist you in your quest : 1 . identify your critical values ( for what i mean values that you will not compromise in any way ) . in my opinion , no relationship ... intjs are generally not interested in surface level relationships . we strive for something deeper , more meaningful . i would like to offer you some insight on what worked for me . in every kind ... there are two answers to your questions . personal social situation : never quite managed to get there . and don't feel a need to really . professional social situation : when i started working . ... i think in general , intjs have a significantly older mental age than most other types . when people guesstimate your age based on mental attributes , inevitably they will think you're older than your ... i came across this image in the web : 485418 which made me wonder about intj-intj relationships . anyone who experienced this would like to share their views ? i have not been accused of lying , but instead withholding my thoughts / ideas / feelings .. etc because i want to avoid any trouble being too direct to other people , especially someone senior to me . and ... this probably could well be your first big test on how to best use your intj abilities in an interpersonal setting . intjs are strategist . in younger life ( like where you're at now ) , we create ... audur , at any point in time , if you're feeling suicidal , you should contact the local samaritan hotline or any organization that could listen to your problems , and offer you assistance . i have ... thank you kindly nikisan . you can count on me when that day comes , i'll let you know without delay . in the meantime , we should all cherish with all we've been blessed with and make the best out ... no need to be ashamed of anything nikisan , no need at all . love with a pure heart is a beautiful thing , a thing that you should be proud of . good luck and all the best in the future , wish you ... yes , very much so as i don't like to squander my energy and time on someone i don't see having a future , whether friendship or relationship . besides , for me it is a severe form of torture that i ... as a middle age intj i never experience such a hobby of over consumption . i never had an urge to buy something impulsively , since my youth until now i have treated spending money as a test on ... i found that the major obstacle during my work life is that i am a better strategist than tactician , the latter more appealing to people as it is shorter term and results are more readily noticeable ... through a glass darkly - general george s . patton jr . perhaps i stabbed our savior in his sacred helpless side . yet i've called his name in blessing when in after times i died . through the ... great thoughts from smart people don't necessarily impact your life more than their more average joe thoughts . ask people around you , how einstein's mass-energy equivalence formula ( e = mc2 ) ... quite a few sites have classified president eisenhower as an intj . i think most would agree he is not dumb . tv dinner , from today's standard would definitely be considered a dumb food . ... no . if that's the case , people would pretend to be infjs as they are rarer . i can't speak for others but i know i was different and out of place when i was young but didn't really understand why ... again thank you for your response . let's take a look at the reports for the greater vancouver real estate from the canadian housing and mortgage corporation , the credit union and the british ... you said people wrote hurtful things to you . what would a family of non-white americans think of what you wrote ? they aren't 100 % american ? what would a non-white intj think of what you wrote ? ... thanks for the post again and the tips ... i am just too old to begin with another investment strategy now ... but i am sure fellow intjs here can have some new ideas on the subject matter . imho ... thank you for your response . many experts opined that the greater vancouver real estate market is subject to a price slump over the past five years . it didn't happen . since you've put in so much ... canada is a large country but most of it's population is concentrated in three metropolitan areas : toronto , montreal and vancouver . do you know what % of canadian population resided in these three ... i do not claim i have knowledge of whole of the properties market in canada . but i do know in vancouver it is not falling , so if you say all of canada the price is falling , please let me know if ... excellent post indeed . i have almost zero knowledge on stocks and funds . but i appreciate you post so our fellow intjs could have a wider spectrum of choice in terms of investment . thank you ! ... i beg to differ . which part of canada are you referring to ? fort mcmurray ? calgary ? edmonton ? alberta may be affected by the dropping of oil prices but in vancouver , that's another story . please don't misunderstand i am some properties big shot or something , which i am not . to answer your question , i have 3 units each in the three places i've mentioned . and , i only manage the ... appreciate the feedback from your perspectives . and i admire you can do what you choose to . for me , financial freedom does not necessarily mean that i go buy this or do that , it means i can have ... sorry i missed your post earlier . sounded like you have a solid plan on hand . i would just want to give you a bit of advice : 1 . do diversify . don't just invest locally , but local , i consider ... you may not believe it but i truly believe that your military service will provide you with one formidable tool to achieve financial freedom , which is self discipline . good luck and all the best ! what is your age range ? when you do stocks and funds , do you go high / moderate / low risk ? perhaps a huge factor for me not going into stocks and funds was the asian financial crisis back in 1997 ( i ... trust me , as long as you have this it's to late to ... thought , you are way ahead of many people . don't feel odd having that thought , for us intjs time is the most precious commodity . jobs are prerequisite of a career . you are still young and should invest some time in exploring different career paths . hate to sound repetitive , but i guess the three general financial goals ... i can only speak for myself . the two condensed advice i could give you are : 1 . what you excel at as an occupation is not necessarily related to what you're interested in . 2 . use your intj ... imho , you are definitely on the right track beginning with this statement . if you explain your circumstances a bit in depth , i am sure your fellow intjs will be able to give you some advice on ... i trust that you're in good hands with our many fashion experts in this intj forum ! good luck ! thank you for the recommendation . i'll try to read the pdf once i have some time to do so . much appreciated for the feedback from your perspective . i guess that's why i am still waiting for my hell-bent enfp . 432306 this i remember from my younger days ( keep in mind , this was the mid 90s ) . usually when that happens , conflicting thoughts came to mind : ego : yay ! you know how to pick a great catch ! ... i think this report says a lot of what i think . thank you all for your responses . i created this thread with the aim to provide fellow intjs on their insights and strategies in creating financial freedom . there's certainly no quick way to ... i have the following advice to people who would like to give rental properties investment a try : first , think global . don't focus your investment in just one place . i said i chose properties but ... sometimes , your logic and rationality annoys me . thanks bluekitdon , i created this thread to share ideas with fellow intjs on making financial freedom a reality . thanks for your opinion and resource recommendations . i am a fan of dr . stanley's ... thanks again for everyone's reply especially countryboy . all i have ever done is rental property . i started this when i was in my late twenties . i save up for a deposit , i research on the places ... '