' in the first moment , you could come to the conclusions infp's are perceivers , because they like to perceive their environment and talk rarely . but i think , if you could read their thoughts you would ... you have to decide and it's your decision ( you don't know to where it will lead you and whether your decision turns out to be good or bad ) . but a quote of oscar wilde reminds me of your question : ... even if it's true , no infp has to worry about it . doesn't this statistic proof , that infp are passionate and have their own value system which sometimes collides with the value system of society ? and ... i often saw you , helping someone when he / she was in trouble . can you explain why you do so and which role the one you help plays in your life ( i mean do you care about them or would you do it for ... it's a very special kind of manipulation . not real manipulation . examples ( i remember ): 1 . in a situation , a person did lie . enfj ( angry ) i hate , when people lie . you shouldn't lie . they ... because it's easier to describe feelings to people you probably will never meet in real life ( so you don't have to fear anything ) . and you feel so much more accepted by people with common sense , you ... much friends * = don't initiate the friendship ( i think it's tiring to talk and listen a lot ) less friends = i initiate , because i want to have some great friends too * much friends doesn't really ... interesting . never heard about it . but i'm not in facebook and got enough friends , when i want to do somethings . so i'm really just interested about the places infp's like to be . because i think ... i can't give you any advise . i just want to say , i guess it's normal ( for an infp normal , every infp seems to be a bit of idiosynkratic ) . and i guess infp in general , sometimes are the ones who take ... yes , if i know more infp's ... and it's not a real problem ( i've got enough friends in my life ... ) , i just wonder , why so many people are infp ( in this forum for example ) and they're so active here in ... ( i hope you understand it , it's kind of confusing ) to the first one , what would you do , when you both are too shy to talk to each other ? and what do you do when you know you will see the person no ... do you think , there is a place you can meet infp's . for example : parties even though i expect you will not find so many there . because i expect many of them have got hsp ( highly sensitive ... yes , your intention of an unhealthy esfj is right ... ok , i thought about fe , because he often expresses his feelings and you know what he is feeling about another person or in a situation because ... so , i want to know which personality type the person i want to descripe is . somehow , he appears very easy to estimate , but then something destroys this picture you got . at first i thought he's ... ok , i understand what you mean , but don't know how to reply in short without being too self-observed not to bore you with the whole story , but i understand your point , i think i just don't have any ... ok i understand ... i remember , i thought about it once too . so which reaction , would you like best ? should i try to get in contact to you ( it's difficult , i don't see him anymore ) and answer i think , ... i don't like it directly . if somebody would ask , whether i want to drink something together or want to have a date , i would feel very uncomfortably , because i don't know the other one . i like the ... ok can be , i don't know anymore , i just found it on my computer . :D and thought may some other are interested to . and i know believe is the wrong term , but i didn't know a better term for ... ;) do you believe in infp subtypes ? because i think the following is very interesting and it explains a lot ; why there are so much different infp's etc . some are very emotional , others always helping ... maybe it's because of the appearence they have . enfp's and infp's are both very similar in their behaviour i think . they both can have very unconventional ideas , just the enfp often express them and ... yes , you exactly described my feelings why i don't do it . but i still wonder why some people can talk about emotional stuff , for example this was the best / worst / etc . thing ever happened in my life ... yes , i know my question sounds strange . i didn't know , how i should make it clear ... but i'm really confused and don't know how to solve this problem , so even if you don't have it , but can imagine ... sometimes people built up walls not to keep others away but to see who cares enough to tear them down . in my life people doesn't respond , if they ... find it annoying ... are confused , by long and very complicated expressed texts ( that's the reason just special persons got them ;) ) ... just got ... : frustrating : so much work to do to until tomorrow and try to get : happy : so i can do the work better ( i really should begin with doing something of it ... but i can't , i don't feel like working :D ) i'm interested in the system and how it works , but i don't partizipate , because i'm undecisive in politics and they're way too controvers for me . also i think i would rather vote for a president i ... tyty yes , i understand what you wanna say with the conversation never run try and i got that feeling often by strangers too ( i think i thought about exactly that when i said that i feel that it ... nowadays people know the price of everything and the value of nothing . - oscar wilde - money isn't the most important thing and you should avoid seeing the world out of financial view . well , i could relate to some of your opinions and it wasn't really dependent , if you said you have one or said you don't . because sometimes when i get to know stranger , i feel they really would be ... i want to know , because i think i don't have one ... and now i got no one i can talk about the things i'm really interested in and no one i feel really connected to in a emotional matter . i got ... the shining by stephen king ? or is this different to what you expected ? because i really like the book and the film with stephen king as director ( the version of stanley kubrick wasn't totally me , ... i don't know what i do , because i'm confused as you in such situations , but what always had helped best was to do something with other people , so i couldn't be so focused on me . they distract me . you ... yes , i am , but in a very introverted way ... and i think , it's because i don't talk about my emotions , because this would destroy the emotion itsself . but i'm sensitive a few words can make my ... what i really liked by reading up all your comments was that most of you seemed to be quiet ( and unsocial ) too and just after time got more social and being accepted ... feels like company to me . ;) ... i can't help you with relationships , i just know the feeling of being together with esfj . i like it , but find it very draining to . i think , infp's and esfj are extremes to each other ( mirror ... btw it's just my way of dealing with it maybe many other infp make it different ... ;) i am curious of how you would deem an action that has affected you as wrong . i'm just interested in the actual process itself . do you immediately decide on whether the action is wrong or right ? do ... i never heard it , but it makes sense to me , because people often seem to get offended with my way of dealing something , especially in stressy situations ... i think the cause is that we make ... i never got one . reason : the boys falling in love with me , i didn't love . and it was a little bit strange , because most of them didn't really talk to me ( and i don't talk much in general ) , i think , ... i rather say i think , but not because i rather think than feel . i think , i do this , because people often disagree with feelings ( not so much with thoughts , because thoughts got reasons ... ) well , if you want to learn flirting , really , just do it , you maybe will be really bad in the beginning , but after time you realise how it really works , to inform is a good way too ( like you do with ... well , i think i've got a poker-face but in another way . i'm always smiling and disagree not very often , except i know the other person well . but it's not really about play a different role , i ... oh this test was for me , alyosha ? sorry i didn't recognized this ... well i will write on this , if you are still interested ... ;) it sounds very interesting . nice idea i think i can see to what this ... i think real pain is regocnized of your heart , these pains you can remember long time after it happened . so i think this is always caused by emotions in some way . the pain sometimes is so strong , ... word - - i like words , even when it's not always so easy for me , to find the right ones . ;) deep - - because i like things , you can think about in a deep way . compassion - - i love the feeling i ... ok . i can't contribute much too it ... but i got the same question , am i infp or isfp and i could relate to some you said very much and find your answer so interesting . but i don't want it to make to ... i apologize very often about small things i did wrong , some people really are a little bit annoyed of , especially friends , but most of them find it yet cute , because it doesn't look like i'm thinking ... i think , it exist . but i would say it's rare , that soul mates are nearly the same . in my opinion , it's more like being a little different and a little the same . like two puzzle pieces . the one piece ... my feelings . that i've got so much in myself and just show some superficial feelings to some persons and not always . many people don't realise , how much feelings i have and how sensitive i am . i so ... you know you're an infp , when you recognize , that you are living in a complete different world than all others . but regardless don't want to change it , because the world looks much prettier from your ... '