' my mother has been taking antidepressants for as long as i can remember . without them , she gets depressed and negative , but on them she's in a constant neutral mood , no highs or lows . instead of looking at the functions individually , since you're so undecided , look at how the functions work together into your personality as a whole . also , look at your daily life and how you would ... entj 6w5 <- phototype avatar . well , usually the entj's with an 8 wing are uptight and most intj's are okay , but intp's and entp's are almost always pretentious . i ate some hot dogs and french fries , now i'm drinking the monster along with it . you know you're an estp when you find nt's pretentious , nf's lacking common sense , and j's uptight . i'm in the military , so i'm surrounded by estj's every day . they're very upfront and easy to talk to , just show your interest in them . but remember that it's more than stereotype , everyone's ... you can't just stereotype someone into a myers-briggs personality so you know how to ask them out , it's weird . just ask them out like a normal person . i : you dread parties and large groups of people , instead you'd rather be alone . s : you seem to use common examples in your reasoning instead of relying on knowledge . f : your examples mostly ... isfj . it's hard to tell just by your picture , but your eyes are fixed on something in the not too far distance with a bit of wonder . you have a polite smile on your face , a beard , and you don't iron your ... you never know with alcoholics , but at least they have the motivation to work . without money where's the alcohol ? i'm both left and right brained , i write with my left , but my right hand is stronger . i understand the cocky behavior , but if someone stared at me across the classroom all the time because he wanted to dominate me it would creep me out , especially if he was gay . confront him with ... unless you want to walk around looking like a caveman , i suggest you at least take some care of your eyebrows . unless your dating a feminist the unibrow look hasn't worked since bc . if you want to overcome your judgmentalism , then stop judging people . don't use people as a measure of your ability to get along with them , just get along with them . yes , because exercising and eating right releases chemicals that affect your well-being , making you faster because your not weighed down by the extra fat from empty calories and sugar . however , the ... whenever i look at myself i just check my teeth and move on , unless you like talking to your own reflection i doubt social energy works that way . my reply wasn't a personal attack on anybody and no . are you one of those istp's who take criticism personally ? well , it seems the first estp you met was just a short relationship , one that when ended , 5 years later you turn around and stalked him to the point of flying across the atlantic ocean , then was ... i'm just going with thinking , feeling seems to be a female thing and sort of constitutes a weakness in men when they're typed with it . i would rather be perceived as strong , outgoing , and rational . we do that on our own , no sense in looking weak in front of a female . attachment theory i assume there are many introverts on this forum who have trouble being social and are unaware of the reason why . i was the same way , however after coming across attachment ... i identify with the int type and i have a full physique , because i work on my physique . lifting weights makes you physically stronger , causing you to feel more confident . having the confidence to ... according to the socionics physical description along with other traits including left-handedness , as well as my daily interactions considered , i have been typed isfj . it's rather disappointing , as ... well , that depends on what you mean by in general . are you referring to batman in the traditional or popular sense ? these are some minute manifestations of his personality , but these aren't his key motivations . enneagram ones ' motivations are subjective , they want to become their ideal selves . for example , in the ... batman is an 8w7 , because he is the definition of a challenger . enneagram 8 defines the very essence that is batman , from his desires to his fears . they are desperately afraid of being hurt ... you have to find the right balance when dealing with people , especially with women . you can't put too much value into feelings as a male or else you look weak . however , being too rational makes you ... my loop is i constantly think about what i've done wrong in a certain situation or how i could have done better . i try to talk myself up to compensate for feeling alienated , coming out the other side ... most istj's hold tradition and their family in high esteem , so perhaps you just have a sentimental value toward your style of clothing . if your dad regards you as his in-shape gay stripper son ... you might be a redneck . if somebody is depressed it could escalate to the point of suicide or worse ... i recommend therapy . would you be willing to disclose any details regarding the explanation ? i find them interesting , in terms of how they work , but i wouldn't say i liked them . your problem with females is that they're emotional ? you never considered trying to connect with your girlfriend instead of being a loner around her ? you could search around on some feminist ... cognitive functions : - extraverted sensing : i am not usually focused on real-time data , i am aware of it , but in the context of what i should do with it rather than seeking more input . - introverted ... i always have numerous questions about a lot of things . i rarely accept something as a fact ... i also have a vivid imagination and can write creative essays . this is described as intuition , ... everything you've listed as your personality describes entp . look at the functions more closely , do you use your five senses to navigate the world , accepting facts for what they are and not what they ... everybody is different , some people seek connection with others , some people seek others as a means of accomplishing their goals . if you want to meet strong personalities , go out and find them . if ... well if he hasn't tried to fuck you yet either he's gay or a virgin . this is a reference to an article on wikipedia , questioning the existence of mbti theory . beginning in the 1960s , scientists performed studies to see if mbti results were consistent with the ... vin diesel dwayne the rock johnson sylvester stallone robert de niro every wrestler so , there i was hanging out on the porch of my friend's house . i'm just sitting there , minding my own business , all of a sudden my other friend dared my friend's sister to pull my pants down and give ... i talked to an introverted intuitive today . she was quiet and talked about how the view reminded her of the place she used to live , it really put things into a new perspective . i can't speak for ... kill people , burn shit , fuck school ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NshSBy8Mnqc sorry , that story seems way too long and boring to read , but ... cool story bro : cool : welcome to personality-café , come check out the estp board sometime . i don't know about cats and aliens , but i'll go around and socialize sure . i wasn't very shy as a kid , when i was young , i was very confrontational with people , starting fights , acting rebellious , ... type eights don't fear being useless , they have enough confidence to feel useful no matter if they feel physically harmed or controlled . it's a problem a lot of people have , they repress their emotions and take them out on others . mostly because things don't go their way or they're irrational , blowing things out of proportion . '