' not surprised since i get along with intp guys pretty well , but i never let it progressed to anything more than friendships though ... been obsessed with this song for months now . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3IEMnWhT_7c are esfj males flirty with everyone ? it was my second time hanging out with a esfj classmate who i met 2 weeks ago and i was shocked how comfortable and flirty he was with me already . lol interesting . you know , sometimes i wondered if this infp guy i like have ever slightly stalked me since we would always bump into each other . thanks ! =) yeah , it's the same with me . once i am attracted , i would always want to bug them and do thoughtful things for them xd yeah , that has happened with me before without really being aware of it . lol that's a cute video . have you ever been stalked by an enfj ? that's pretty considerate of you to let people know . some people wouldn't even bother and would just let the conversation die . i feel like i fit the enfj description and my friends even agree with most of it when they read it . i care for people and i like motivating and helping them reach their full potential . upon reading ... i feel like i fit the enfj description and my friends even agree with most of it when they read it . i care for people and i like motivating and helping them reach their full potential . upon reading ... no worries , i'm 20 :P i can totally relate to this . i feel like i was more extroverted when i was younger and now i feel more introverted as i am getting older . i realized last week that for once in my life , i was ... i think i would be more shocked than annoyed . if i realized the friend is trolling , i'll probably laugh it off . if the friend was serious , i'll ask what's all this fuss about . i love esfjs . i love how they are caring , loving , kind and fun to hang out with . i seem to click with them very well compared to other types probably because i am a enfj which makes us quite similar ... no way , all of the esfjs i know are actually quite smart , efficient and organized . not really . i usually only think and care about those who are the most memorable to me . for instance , people who i find interesting , inspiring , nice , outgoing , and easy to talk to . i don't really ... i don't know about other enfjs but i always reply back to messages , especially if i said i would , otherwise i would feel bad . i can't give you a clear answer , but when i am around someone i am attracted to , i tend to get very nervous to the point where i can't say the right words and become a little ditzy . have you ever ... i get tired after talking or hanging with friends for a long period of time . i need to have time to myself to reflect on things and to recharge . however , being alone for too long can make me feel ... i think i am just nervous due to the crush . sometimes i hesitate to speak my mind because i am scared of what he thinks . unlike others , he seems disinterested or emotionless sometimes which makes it ... whoops double post . wish there was a delete button somewhere ... yes , i agree with everything you wrote . it's almost as if you're me ! : o lol that's what i thought too when i saw your post . we're both in the same situation : laughing : what do you guys think of people who gets nervous around you ? ever since i became really attracted to this infp guy , i went from being really sociable to being really quiet towards him . i get really ... wow , this is all pretty true for me too . i don't think enfj women gets ignored . from my experience , i've dated the guys i liked . yes , that sounds exactly like her . some of the tendencies i have that she would not have are : - when i am upset about something , it would not take me long to discuss about it - if people were to ... i used to have a infj best friend and i would notice the main differences between us is : - she's a perfectionist and would claim she has ocd tendencies - like what iamken said about his friend , my ... i'm a 6w7 ( the loyal friend ) 4w6 1w9 i can relate to how you feel as i've just recently been through the same thing . i think us enfjs tend to think a lot too and that our feelings can really mess us up to the point where we would have ... haha even though i am not a infp , i tend to edit my posts a lot too . thank goodness there's a edit button ! congrats ! i am so happy and excited for you ! now if only i can find myself a infp guy ... anyways , hope you will update more about this as i would love to read more about how compatible these 2 are :) finished with an exam today and now i got to try to stop slacking off . haha , i'm not surprised because personality type is such an interesting topic =) same goes for me when it comes to falling in love quickly and falling out of love slowly . infact , i still miss him right now and it sucks that he doesn't talk to me like he used to anymore ... same goes for me . infact , i still miss him right now and it sucks that he doesn't talk to me like he used to anymore . sometimes , it just sucks how it is so hard for us to move on . :( i hope you will one day ! it would be nice to know someone who can understand and relate to you =) 3 pieces of pizza ( vegetarian , mozzarella , and the other one was full of meat ) , pickle and sour cream chips , and fruits ( pieces of honey dew , oranges , and slices of banana ) . talk about unhealthy ... yep , i agree because it feels good to get stuff off your mind and confronting problems will lead to a better understanding of each other too . however , depending on the situation , it can be hard to ... haha i wouldn't mind being your friend too on perc ^ ^ i guess it's because there are misunderstandings and that we don't really talk it out with each other . by the way , i am pretty sure my really best friend is an entj . he's just awesome even though ... haha i love researching about topics too ! currently , interested in personality , as you can see :) as for fitness , it has been such a huge for me since last year . i exercise like almost everyday and ... i wouldn't mind being friends :D my best friends so far are isfp , isfj , istp , intj and either entj or entp ... ( i can't tell ) , but we all get along really well with each other and can talk about anything for hours . as for love ... i would say 5 or 6 , i need my alone time to think and recharge lol . after reading a lot of these , i got to say , you guys sound so nice and interesting ! too bad i don't know any infps in real life , i wouldn't mind being friends :) the bolded part is true . i have a male enfj friend and i can't imagine dating him because conversations becomes tiring ... hmm ... this is a hard question since i really want both , but i think i would rather be accomplished as in accomplishing my life goals because i will probably be proud and happy afterwards . =) 1 ) when you're afraid that you have annoyed someone after talking so much 2 ) when you feel surprised every time someone compliments you yeah , i agree which is why i always wonder how my friends linked me to rukia because she just doesn't seem like the happy and positive type . i guess it's because back then , i used to have an hair ... i agree , there's no holding back once our mind is set and from my experiences , it's hard to stay friends with the person that i've been in a relationship with . '