' no , i can't draw on my own nails ( haha ) . those were done by professionals on my nails . and yes , those are all gel . you mean those you posted were done by yourself on your own nails ? awesome ! probably the electronic screen syndrome . with the advent of technology and social media , we all suffer from overstimulation on a daily basis . i'm guilty as well . in the past , i can be happy just ... i love nail arts too ! these are some of mine : 718282 7182 90 718298 7183 06 718314 this is the first time i'm hearing this - about menstruation and church . thanks for sharing but yeah , it's crazy . i thought only taoists have such a belief . dear very bad person , not trying to get in between your arguments but i'm copying down that sentence for future use . : tongue : * speaking from a bomb shelter * so which christian values do you still hold ? i agree that people can still be good in the absence of religion and people also do bad in the name of religion but the ... i never really thought about my childhood experiences until i was much older when my brothers and i talked about the past and we all agreed that we had suffered physical and verbal abuse . it wasn't ... my isfj friend almost always instantly shuts down and becomes upset whenever someone disagrees with her pov or the way she does things . she can't seem to understand why a certain behaviour , though ... these two questions seem unrelated . if people know my real thoughts , they may or may not like me better , it depends on whether they like my thoughts to begin with . i have bad thoughts but some ... bs ？ i don't bs . i think infjs sometimes need to be kicked out of our comfort zones , for the sake of our emotional wellbeing . - - i can relate to this and it actually helps when friends pull me out of my rut . i ... haha ... sorry if i offended anyone . i don't mean for this to be a dirty jokes thread . i've amended the original . that was a funny one you shared , btw . i recalled a similar situation which ... lol , can i pay that in instalments ? yes , and this is a double edged sword . i think mental health awareness and education are important , and what's more important is people need to know where to get help . on the flip side , i'm also ... haha , hopefully ? :p roud : i'm not calling out recent posts specifically , just the general overall . some posts may have been made several years ago but their remarks still stand . i'm creating this as a stress-reliever as i think all of us can use a good laugh once in awhile ... : tongue : perhaps i'll start off with this funny conversation between two friends who were ... i have a thinking ... that many infjs think they suffer from trauma but a lot times it's actually just us torturing ourselves in our minds because we're so good at that . i talk it out with ... so many stereotypical statements here . the way you guys describe the girly girls are like a princess . pls label them as princess instead . mental health is such a in-thing nowadays a lot of people are slapping labels on themselves to look cool . i'm not saying all of you are doing that ... i'm just saying don't do that . researchers are always coming up with new studies and bbc is hardly a reliable source . even if you identify with a few symptoms on the checklist , it doesn't necessarily make you a psychopath . it's ... i think this sucks and you have my sympathy . personally , i hate it when a guy dumps me for another gal and then tells me he wishes me happiness when he's the exact source of my unhappiness . don't buy ... evej , i agree with the intj who says other people's expectations are other people's problems . i'm quite sick of meeting people's expectations simply because they feel entitled . the truth is , when the ... ashton vern this may help you further - https://thoughtcatalog.com/heidi-priebe/2015/07/how-to-recognize-each-myers-briggs-personality-type-in-real-life/ only once . i confessed to him . he loves me back . we were together for 7yrs , then we broke up . : crying : unbreak my heart , pls . fabi , omg , i finally found someone who also love these morbid subjects ! : blushed : i don't know if this is caused by ni-ti and if other infjs also generally love such topics because my infj friend ... green , orange , white , yellow or red ? i must say that this is by far the first religious thread i've read that didn't erupt into a war ( lol ) : joyous : so i feel safe posting here . i grew up as an atheist and later became a believer of god ... above ground or underground ? what i mean by realistic is when we use ti to analyse a situation . when i get into high ti mode , i can really zoom in on the facts and question everything that's happening - happening in real life , ... xtctr have you done a mbti test or you just think you're an infj because you feel lonely ? because you said you didn't feel this way up until this year ... so why is it that you suddenly feel ... for i know the plans i have for you , declares the lord , plans to prosper you and not to harm you , plans to give you hope and a future . - jeremiah 29:11 i don't think trauma makes an infj or all infjs must have experienced trauma . this is like saying other types don't experience traumas and it sounds rather snobbish . when we experience trauma , we ... you're right that infjs can be very idealistic , but those with a strong ti can also be very realistic as well , especially if we go into ti overdrive . after reading this , i still don't think ... hi ashton vern i doubt your friends are infjs . see my point-by-point below ... - - - characteristics of friend a : - very friendly and caring . she cares for her ... transition . anxiety . prayers . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tuunqfdz388 idontknowme when did you have your first relationship ( < 20 , 20-25 , 26-30 , > 30 ) ? < 20 what do you look for in a partner ? i like guys with boyish good looks , : wink : with a good heart and good ... i want people to understand me but i won't bother telling them my type because most of the people around me don't seem too bothered with mbti . :d ry : comfortably 2 hrs , maximum 3 hrs and then the full army of ni barges in and i'm not paying attention anymore . depends on how interesting the conversation is ... shut down can happen earlier . gotterdammerung my brother had night terrors when he was young . he would wake up every night at the exact same time and cried about someone trying to catch him . it was traumatising just watching ... there was a period i had dreams of ghosts and when i woke up in paralysis mode i saw them in my room / outside my window . another time i dream of a ghost in my room and then my spirit self saw myself ... yes , i also read that everyone dreams . at one time i did quite a bit of research on dreams because i was dreaming so much and some were rather supernatural . lucid dreaming is interesting but ... more or less ... but what i don't fit is some people think infjs will never go to a club or anywhere noisy . this is untrue of me . i love music festivals , concerts , dancing to my favourite songs in a ... how do you lucid dream on purpose ? i like all the badass quotes : 712170  7121 78 712186  7121 94 it is said that the infj minds don't switch off . i believe mine doesn't switch off even when i sleep which is why i'm such a prolific dreamer . my dreams are also often vivid , prophetic or sometimes ... emotional connection to me is to be able to relate our feelings ( sadness , anger , joy , love ) with one another . sometimes i can feel an instant emotional connection with a friend over a particular ... not very good at doing romantic things ... perhaps the most romantic thing i've done is folding a bottle of wishing stars for my boyfriend ? are you collecting mbti types ? lol perhaps you can learn to spot them : 1 . the one sitting in a crowded room quietly but observing everyone like a hawk ( or creep ) . : ninja : 2 . the one who looks ... '