' i'm just going by what she's saying for now , even if she's not sure what extroversion / introversion fully means some of the interview questions on camera were staged obviously , but colbert took an actual , long , official test that i don't think was oral . i used to see him as likely being enfp and can totally ... what do you all think he is ? my guess is infp , but i think isfp and enfp are both possibilities too . i still think she's infp . she's said she's more introverted in interviews y'all ... i've become so much better at objective thinking over the past few years . i'm really able to put my feelings aside and analyze all sides of an issue . have any of you experienced this ? i ... thank you ! i think keirsey is a little different from jung , but still ! angelina seems like an infp to me . and i've read / watched a few in-depth interviews of jennifer and she seems like a total enfj . i don't think clarifying about topics you're entangled in is an fe vs . fi thing . most celebrities do it . probably not . i think you're just getting better in touch with your introverted side . oh gosh , i am known for my laughter . i am a big laugher and some of it sounds a bit odd :D i've always wanted to meet an isfp ! i've never thought that any of my close friends might be isfp's . same goes for estp's . he's said before how he doesn't like to plan things , and he just seems like an enfp to me in interviews robert plant is totally enfp lol yeah the online tests can be pretty shitty , but i still think she's an enfp she's a total enfp ! i would've guessed it if she hadn't taken the test , too ! a looot of fi types care a lot about what other people think - especially when they're in high school . enfp or infp after reading this jennifer aniston reveals struggles with dyslexia , anger ; shrugs off oscar snub - the hollywood reporter , i think she's enfj lol she's said she's very introverted . i think inxx . maybe intp or intj . also , i'm so glad people finally think she's an nt besides me ! estp for taylor is absurd . entp for nicki is not . i don't find these to be true most of the time lol . i'm beginning to realize just how much doubt i have that there truly are extroverted and introverted functions for feeling or anything else i think fi and fe types can learn to do both equally . putting people at ease when interacting with them can be an fi thing too if they value it . i know i do . i don't buy any of the fe talk for a minute . i think it's sad that fe on these forums has become associated with kindness and fi has become associated with selfishness . most of the fi people i know ... i'd say wes is either an infp , intp , or isfp cool as i continue watching , i'll come back and post some philosophical drama quotes lol . and entj's can be veeerrry alive lol . he could be estp , but i'm still going with entj for now . wow what kind of things did she say ? i wouldn't go with the over-analyzing of fi vs . fe . i can relate to both pretty much equally and i'm an enfp ( but maybe that's because i'm a type 2 ? ) i think maleficent could be either infj or ... woah where / how'd you meet her ? sure thing ! vince is extroverted , principle-oriented and overall easygoing . he doesn't show much abstract thought , although he is into the depth of the stories of the scripts he cares about ... i'm only on the third season right now , but so far : vince : esfp eric : isfj drama : enfj turtle : estp ari : entj adrian grenier seems like a big enfp in real life though beyonce seems like a clear enfj to me . i think he's a clear type 2 . that's why so many mistake him for an extroverted feeling user . he's said that he's an extrovert and doesn't plan anything , so most likely enfp . beyonce-enfj britney-isfp rihanna-esfp or isfp weirdly enough , he's always seemed like an enfj to me . i just recently discovered him ! he's so amazing . i think he's an nf of some kind https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ugVU2WcHZeg oops just read the second page where you said you messaged him ! yayyy ! ! continue the friendship building and see where it goes ! ! don't be scared to message him ! he probably wants to message you but is too scared that you'll reject him . it would probably be a dream come true for you to message him first ! he won't think it's ... i'm a proud enfp hufflepuff . a long time ago i thought i was a ravenclaw , but then i thought about it more and realized i was more of a hufflepuff . ravenclaw is still my second best fit though . ... i really want to watch it but haven't yet ! once i've watched it i'll come back and say my guesses ha it doesn't . i honestly wouldn't type him based on any of his songs . in a couple interviews i've seen of him he seems xnfp , but i'll have to watch more sometime mom : infj dad : entj grandpa 1 : entj grandma 1 : xxfx ( not quite sure ) grandpa 2 : intp grandma 2 : isfj me : enfp what ? ? it seems enfp to me ! lol it's the kind of light-hearted joy-spreading song i would write . pharrell seems xnfp to me i've been researching her more , and yeah , i think she might be enfp ! i think it's possible that she's an enfp or enfj honestly . just because she's had drug problems and has been wild doesn't mean she's automatically an esfp . are you kidding ? ? her role is incredibly empowering . she plays a former brainwashed russian murderer who's turned her life around and now fights evil . i love this show ! i'm not sure about their types though . i've thought about it before and just don't know yet . '