' i'm thinking that you are probably intp . a lot of your answers are nearly identical to what mine would be ( and yes , i know , this is an unscientific way to confirm , but i don't have time to analyze ... do any other intps ever get secondhand embarrassment , to the point where you can't re-watch certain parts of movies and stuff like that ? for example , the office ( specifically michael scott ) provoked ... you know you're intp when you always forget which side of the faucet is for hot water and which is for cold ( unless the colours are there ) ... or is it just me ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4WT7nBGX5eU i am an intp in nursing school , and while i have not gone very far yet , i have learned enough to see that nursing is nothing like the stereotypes . i would say it's very good for someone with strong ... i think one way of looking at it would be to ask the question : if someone argues against or contradicts this thing that i think / feel , will i be offended / have an emotional response ? if so , then it's ... i think it's fear of an unknown / unimaginable afterlife that prevents many people from killing themselves ( think hamlet's to be or not to be speech ) . so in this hypothetical situation , many people ... i find that unless i already know someone quite well , it's impossible for me to act my normal self around them — i fall into chameleon mode and mirror their personality until they put me at ease enough ... i think those sorts of people either a ) mean that they respect the people who have different beliefs or b ) appreciate the moral beliefs that are common to nearly all religions , or c ) are attracted to ... when you have always lived on a road that has a number ( county rd . 14 ) as well as a real name , but for 10 + years you never actually knew that it also had a number even though it is on an obvious ... interestingly enough , i am not sad and depressed ( most of the time ) in terms of emotionsx 97i simply view the world in a more negative light than many other people , which makes its moments of real joy ... that's a good thought ! and yes , on independent analysis it did seem to me that russian lit often has an infj feel ( i was simply confused by the fact that the infjs in my life don't appreciate it , but ... this did get lost in translation , until recently , because most of the translations were overly anglicized ( e . g . constance garnett ) or simply dull . but richard pevear and larissa volokhonsky ... for those out there who appreciate that ethereal / impossible-to-explain element of russian literature , music , and philosophy : what personality type ( s ) are most drawn to / connected with it ? i'm ... i love to learn languages , and have studied french , arabic , and german . i've always had a sort of wanderlust and wanted to visit other countries and immerse myself in other cultures . i find grammar ... i carry on conversations with myself all the time , with accompanying facial expressions . though when i'm looking in the mirror i tend not to , because that is the point at which i realize how strange ... you know you're intp when you were having an imaginary conversation with someone in your head and they say something really stupid , and you make a that's stupid ! expression on your face and ... lately i've been wondering how many of the great writers and thinkers of the past were inadvertently on mind-altering substances , given how widespread their regular use was until relatively recently ... exactly my thoughts ! the word boring says much more about the mental creativity of the person using the term than about the person / thing / idea to which the label is being applied . not to say that ... just realized that dimensional analysis ( in maths and science ) could also be termed dementia-nal analysis because it is such a mindless process and can churn out the right answer without the ... i feel somewhat the same , though i haven't always tested as intp . i'm very bad at objective self-analysis , and a lot of types ( particularly ixtx ) have seemed to be possibilities for me . i originally ... after some lengthy introspection , i've concluded that the intp personality fits me better than the istj . i've always been quite sure that i use ti more than te , and after studying the function axes ... i'd list more friends , but i only really have one close friend outside of my family . most of my current friends are authors and great thinkers from the past who are already dead , unfortunately . ... all of the above ! of course , the feelings are primarily left inside . i think with istj's in particular though , they tend to last a very long time , because of habit and getting used to them . so , it ... haha ! story of my life . i rarely use that word , as much as i am sorely tempted to ! according to your answers , your dominant tendency is questioner . interesting , thanks for sharing . i think they've evaluated me correctly . i don't really know if this is an intuitive thing ( or maybe ne ) but when you're trying to have a logical , structured argument with someone and the person tries to relate millions of unrelated topics ... hmm , that's the tricky part — knowing whether someone is just trying to observe you or actually likes you . whether i like someone or am just observing them , i avoid letting them see that i'm looking at ... this was an interesting test ! thanks for sharing . now i know why i love the sciences ( though my analytic ability is apparently not above average ) . also , this explains why i don't think i fit into all ... haha ! istj's never stare at people openly . actually , i stare at people all the time . however , if i like someone , i will do my best not to show it , unless it seems ( either instinctively or ... when you go on the enfp forum for the first time and feel as though you're in a different universe ! everything is so foreign . o . o i'm maybe a 3-4 out of 10 in this . i zone out all the time , even during conversations with people ; i sometimes think it's terribly obvious that i'm not listening to them and thinking about other ... indifferent . i think it's because the istj type descriptions and stereotypes are unfortunately the most boring and unlikable . they're like intj's without the little bit of coolness that the n supposedly brings ... in response to the follow-up questions : 1 . yes , i think so . 2 . for me they'd probably be an annoyance because of their predictability but it will vary according to the individual . 3 . we can ... one website that has been a lifesaver for me is duolingo . it has several languages , including french , spanish , and german , and it's so much fun . after i completed all the content for one language , ... 1 . it looks to me as though she does enjoy your company ! 2 . that is hard to tell ; in fact it might be hard for her to figure them out . we don't read people very easily . 3 . yes , i think now would be ... wow , according to these i am not a stereotypical istj . actually i don't think stereotypical istj's exist because it must be that a non-istj made up the stereotypes — they're so off . 1 . asking ... hmm , this is interesting . maybe he actually enjoys being around you and just doesn't show it , or tries not to show it . sometimes other personalities seem exciting and different to us , so we prefer to ... i've gone fairly high in piano ( grade 8) and enjoyed most of it . i find learning new songs to be easy and fun . i also used to draw / paint and enjoy it a lot ; i don't do much of that anymore . if ... this is very true for me as well ! ( i'm probably an istj , but stereotypically closer to intj , if that makes any sense . ) also , when i am trying to make conversation with someone i don't know / jive with ... as an istj , my best friend is an isfj , and we get along great . despite the fact that i think i irritate her in some ways , and she might irritate me in others , the time we spend together is always ... ixtj tmlt have a stereotypical type a personality ? playing the piano ( classical music ) reading running / soccer learning / practising foreign languages internet entj i most often test as istj , but i have also tested intj and istp . i don't seem to fit into all the stereotypes of istj's . i don't hold onto opinions when i see reason to change them . i am often lost ... yay colours and rainbows and unicorns and sparkles ! and butterflies ! ! ! oh and i wanna be a fairy ! ^ __ ^ ( the other day i thought , the only aspect of unicorns that i actually like is that spike on ... i'm istj . abortion : no , because i believe in human rights and scientifically speaking , human life begins at conception . health care : publicly / taxpayer funded economy : a careful balance , with ... hmm , xnxp ? type most likely to oversensationalise every piece of information they share ( incidentally , one of my pet peeves ) . 5w6 , second born of 4 . '