' all of the above . i agree that i should read the book ! and i wouldn't dismiss the whole theory as i don't have a good grasp of it . the grouping by temparements has just always seemed a bit off to me . with the ... it doesn't make sense putting the stapler way over there ( where the sj colleague prefers ) . it should stay next to the printer , where people most often require use of it . is typically the kind of ... answers in the quote , after the bolded parts . i'm probably in the minority , but i like sensors . i find si endearing and se fascinating . i like guys who are good at what i'm bad at . stps , isfjs and entps are attractive to me . well obviously , you have never been a thinker in a relationship with another thinker . :) i don't relate to this at all . i'm an nt , not particularly attracted to nfs . i'm also an introvert . most of my relationships have been with extroverts ( probably because they were more likely to ... i usually prefer going solo as opposed to either lead or follow . i would say i'm pretty confident , but not overconfident , just quite aware of my strengths and weaknesses . i don't understand sfps , which means communication problems are more likely , but that also means that we're less likely to get close . as a rule , even though i'm fe inferior and have to work hard to ... a big reason why i have a hard time with kersey's temperament theory is that i don't relate to the sj stereotypes . have i been frustrated with esfjs in the past ? sure , just like i've been frustrated ... if someone is not interested in mbti / has a poor opinion of it , i don't feel the need to convince them of its value . very true ! from anecdotal experience , nf are the most likely to fancy themselves as artists and / or to be delusional about their supposed artistic talent . interesting theory . at this point , i identify very strongly with ti , although i also relate to ne and would definitely describe myself as imaginative and creative . still , when i reach the lesson ... fair enough . i can't picture my isfj mate spouting any soulmate nonsense ! i'm an n and i definitely don't believe in soulmates . sounds feelerish to me and not in a good way . mindmates and playmates are fine though and i can get the appeal of a lifemate . i had never heard of this stereotype before . xnfps are very often described as humorous and fi types can certainly be shit-stirring and inappropriate . i would even guess that the stereotype is that ... typically , it is self-deprecating comments or false modesty . oh my god , i look terrible , from someone who knows they look great . and i know these kind of comments can come from sincere insecurity ... i'll take bragging over fishing for compliment any day . well , i wrote that i could actually consider her being infjs , so i don't know where you get my impression of njs from . i'm not particularly surprised that many intjs are gamers . and i happen to think ... spendidly , in my case . they get me and are good at what i'm bad at . i value honesty and would never lie to someone i care about just to be nice . however , i hate receiving unsolicited advice and i don't offer it myself and i'm pretty good at keeping my mouth shut ... i voted for the joker ( well , maybe not batman's joker ) . i'd have to add the tech buff and the sweet guy next door . i believe buffy has been done to death , but if someone has some insight , i'd still like to read it . i'm mostly interested in people's opinions on dollhouse and firefly . since the shows were ... doh ! i only realised after voting that it was multiple choice . my infp female friend studied science , has worn her hair short almost her entire life and has always had guy friends ... my enfp friend sends me the funniest emails . they're usually long and cryptic . so funny that this thread ended in the wrong forum ! she seems to get typed as intj more often than as intp , which always surprises me because i would expect an intj to have more interesting things to do than sit at home watching sick and sad world ... this . i hate seeing smart women playing dumb . and for the record , the esfjs i know don't play that game either . i came across as reserved , quirky , friendly , witty , awkward , funny , guarded , smiley , ... flaky people are frustrating , but if they have redeeming qualities , i just appreciate that and expect them to flake . if not , i avoid them and hang out with more reliable people . that is one reason , i ... i've only read the first page , so sorry if this has been adressed , but my first thought was gender . as my type is predominated by males , i would have been educated in a male environment , which might ... i love joan jett . i think of her as having an stp vibe . i think we share a sense of independance and a certain chill attitude . that , and the way we process things . that's me , as an adult , and my istp ex . multiple times . oh well , what can i say . anyway , i'm still friend with the guy and we've never argued . not once . i get along great with all xxtps , but with ... i honestly don't get the sj bias and the anti-sensors thing in general . i tend to think that it has a lot to do with many members being quite young . irl , i just don't feel persecuted by sjs ! ... i've got this love / hate thing with enfps . i tend to attract them for some reason and they can be both extremely charming and extremely annoying . they make me laugh a lot and we have great convos , so ... i relate pretty much to the whole post , but yeah this , especially . i relate pretty much to the whole post , but yeah this , especially . as much as i identify with ti , no type is one function . even very unhealthy people use several functions . i think there would be more to speculate about what is the best way to learn ( immersion , ... back in the days , oz from buffy the vampire slayer . more recently , wolverine as portrayed by hugh jackman right now , monroe in grimm ... i guess i must have a wolf thing ( and i didn't realise that ... bookshops and libraries . nature doesn't appeal that much to me . my mistake . muchaparadox's husband is intj . i misread . the original poster : note that both your husband and you are perceivers , which might have an impact on how you feel about the thinking / feeling divide . i'm under the impression that as a thinker ( ti ... i think that entps and estps'charisma stems from their charm , while with istps , it comes from another place . naah , i'm pretty cute , so i get why people are saying it . peggy strikes me as ixfj . the way she does what she has to do without making a fuss is typical fe aux to me . i agree with isfp for betty . she has those te inferior outbursts and i don't see her using ... i voted esfp , because i didn't realise the poll was multiple choice , but i really meant exfps , so yeah tertiary te or maybe tertiary te and auxillary fi combined . i'll play ! i'm thinking in the lines of popular fiction . i mean it's not like you come across real life people comparable to superman or the beast on a regular basis ... so for genius bruisers , i'm ... i'm an nt and definitely not a super scientist type ! i'm ok with stress . when it lasts for a while , i tend to act more extroverted though . what's not to love ? i was actually coming over to start an isfj appreciation thread , after coming across the thread about si doms in the functions forum ! anyway a few things that i love : - they are ... '