' i think generally people experience post trauma in a very similar way , which is to seek security and try to rebuild themselves . that being said , i know of a couple who were mega extroverted , friendly ... like many other people on this thread , i find it absolutely astonishing that you couldn't find a job with that kind of qualification in a medical field . i would have to agree with that an ... i think there is an argument that serious trama could cause a personality shift , however i would doubt that it would be a drastic change . for example , when i was a kid , i was incredibly ... its incredibly easy to project intelligence to the masses and i think any fool can do it . the main method is to expand your vocabulary and the best way of doing this is to simply read more widely .  ... i think you need to look at the facts here .. the fact is theres absolutely no evidence that mbti actually works outside of a clinical laboratory ( refer here for ... yeah that sounds logical ? i have seen other threads simply moved and dumped in the article thread ? so really not entirely sure . welcome mate ! just delve right in and comment on anything ! place is friendly as can be and should help you learn a lot more about yourself ! i think this is one of the oldest questions i remember coming across .. the person who solves this , will be definitely in the running for the mb nobel prize equivalent . for my own two cents , im ... i think entps aren't born they are forged from their experiences , so i think you can definitely become one of us . what forced me to develop my ti was really my upbringing , from being in a ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hiQoq-wqZxg the action is definitely what is important , unless you are talking about philosophical ideas or other things of artistic merit . even then , surely in order to articulate your thoughts , an action is ... well if its for science .. 1 : what's your mbti type ? entp 2 : what's your gender ? male 3 : are you the eldest child , middle child , or youngest child ? eldest 4 : how do you learn : hands-on , ... lol kind of in the entp spirit to be opportunistic , so points i reckon ! just a scenario and interested to see how you peeps would react . walking down a street and notice a hat laying on the side walk , the hat is rather old and battered but your eyes are drawn to it ... just a scenario and interested to see how you peeps would react . walking down a street and notice a hat laying on the side walk , the hat is rather old and battered but your eyes are drawn to it ... get quite sick and shut myself away from the world im not sure if this is a forum post .. a blog post .. or a just a general rant type thing , but i took the time to read and thought i would critique some of the points . firstly mb is not an ... just do it mate and dont tell her about it lol .. good advice here ... only thing i would add is that you need to make sure the idea is feasible and has certain level of market demand and pick partners wisely . run your basic ideas by a few people ... there has only been one movie that has bought tears to my eyes ... that movie , was the classic free willy ! probably worth noting that i was only 4 or 5 at the time .. no need to worry , it is a perc wide problem and no one can access their profiles ! they will fix it soon enough . was interested to see the intp perspective on the friend zone and found some of the posts a little crazy and a few of them made me laugh out loud , because it appears some people have taken ... 10/10 for being absolutely unique ... might pinch that use it at some future date .. im usually a happy drunk .. i lose all my intelligence and my vocabulary drops to bordering along the line of grunts . i am usually quite happy , however if i am in a bad mood when i start drinking it ... thanks starry :) amazing going back over some of my old posts , i could have sworn that we started around the same time because i only really remember talking to you , turm and a king in the early ... interesting when angered , entp is like to blast at you and punch you in the face ... where as intp is like to calmly reach in his / her pocket for a knife and plunge it deep into your face ! thank you kindly mrs cafebot lol ahhh mate this doesn't make you gullible .. some people tell lies to get out of doing stuff , i do it and im sure you do it every now and again as well . as nekoninja said , you can never really tell ... when i was a kid ( from 5 to 16 ) , my best friend who lived across the road from me was a girl who was a year older . she used to always make up these great stories and i used to fall for them every ... ahhh ok ? mmmm so are you saying then that your gullible ? im happiest when i am starting a new project or getting my hands on a new gadget to play with . the scene is me on my own and a massive amount pleasure as i start playing around or getting my feet ... i learnt an excellent technique from my dad .. when i was kid , dad was talking to his friend ( hardcore christian ) and he raised the topic of what man can and cannot eat . basically dad stood there ... myself and my estp friends are quite similar , but they are slightly more extroverted and don't seem to have as many ideas and opinions as myself . ahhh right ! that sounds like a rather fascinating job and kind of makes a lot of sense why you would routinely get tested .. can you speak any other languages ? thanks for the advice , ill look them ... lol from what corner of satans ass did you manage to dig this thread up in ? obviously it's snuff films for me ! other than that would say more a tv series like the peep show . witty , observational ... really ? what do you do ? does the business have korean partners or is it a market thing ? its bloody hard to learn , but i like the hengel because its kind of similar to the alphabet ! i was starting ... when you are criticised for consistently needing time to think something through before you make a decision ! lol i have only really just started .. my gf is korean so i am kind of learning it for her benefit .. but always fun to learn it with other people :) . so you used to be fluent ? where did you originally ... so basically as an entp i am an optimistic cranky fuck ? man that rings true at the moment since im trying to give up caffeine ... although im more tired and cranky ! i haven't had a best friend since primary school lol i have just a few good mates i do things with occasionally .. they are all extroverts , but i see my introvert mates just as much . long story ... welcome to the fold my friend and hopefully have fun stealing as much knowledge as you can from this site . maybe you just need to get a hobby or something ? learning the cello and another language has helped to keep me quite busy ( although im a little too busy atm ... ) . so take something up and try to fill ... i've never been able to get into sitcoms that much outside of the realms of seinfeld .. but doesn't really mean a lot , because i don't watch a lot of tv .. my mums bipolar as well and also an extreme extrovert ! im not sure its type specific , but rather interesting theory nonetheless . lol i actually can read my notes .. but no one else can ! wish they had some type writers or something instead of notebooks .. was planning on refuting this by inserting a number of my favourite witticisms .. was going to point out the classics on my desk in front of me that i am reading ... the fact that i am learning the ... i hate bloody exams .. seems like most peeps here study some heavily maths or science based subjects .. me i am just a humble hr business grad and stress heavily when it comes to exams . i usually go ... i think your going through a common transition common to almost all entps and its a path i walked myself when i was your age . it was around this time that i started to discover my intellectual side ... you don't sound like a bad person to me .. just sounds like you need to refine your social skills a little bit . '