' don't watch final destination then . : shocked : its not a movie for someone who fears train tracks , thats for sure . heights terrify me nowadays even though they didn't when i was little . it's more a fear of falling than the heights themselves though . 1 . do you like to wear a cap ? it varies . if i'm going to be out in the sun for a long time , i like to have a hat to keep the sun out of my eyes . otherwise , i don't wear a cap . 2 . what brands of ... so i was randomly searching the istj facebook group and recognized two perc members right off the bat ( nosilla and spiny ) . thanks istj photo thread ! : laughing : i like them all , but this one really connected with me on a deep istj level . : wink :: laughing : i take a 30-45 minute walk during the day and run about an hour shortly after dusk . every other day i do roughly 80 crunches and 30 pushups . it important though to start out small and work your way ... yep , i'd say these two are pretty accurate . i heard the second one while at freshman orientation for college and within a few minutes of talking , she asked me out . it caught me off guard completely ... to replace the human population with justin bieber . okay then ... dream , dread , and passion . for my first college semester ( 15 credits ): 1 . criminology 101 2 . psychology 101 3 . popular music in america 4 . quantitative reasoning ( math 101 essentially ) 5 . interpersonal and group ... i broke a wrist back when i was 10 , but other than that , i've remained pretty lucky regarding injuries . thanks for your input . she has a facebook so i'll give it a shot . ohhh ... my sarcasm detecter needs recharging . : blushed : : laughing : for clothes , i like old navy ( seems like a pretty popular istj brand ) , target , pac sun , and for sports clothes modells . for groceries , i get my foods from safeway ( better variety ) and other house ... extroverted intuition ( ne ) . it's our ( istj ) inferior function that causes us to speculate multiple different possibilities when we're under stress . current mood : confused i've recently obtained an old friends phone number from a friend of mine and want to get back in touch with her again . she and i were best buddies back in elementary school ... very true , i guess it depends on where you live . the west coast is much cooler than the east coast right now ( 95 + highs in va each day ) . i know where i'm moving in the future . : happy : i just bought a nice striped hoody yesterday for 15 $ . i must look like a genius buying fall / winter clothes when its 100 degrees outside . : crazy : as long as my genes and health allows me to . i'd like to think i can make it to at least 85 years old if not 90 . i get my daily habits ( routine ) and perfectionist personality from my isfj father even though his ocdness far exceeds my own . his decisions are fe based and are much more based on how things ... double post :/ i really love cities . : happy : 20211 be nice to the awkward , crazy girl that has a crush on you and get to know her . in 8 years , you're going to meet her again and she'll be incredibly nice and super cute ^ . ^ don't step on the ... the city that best fits you is boston . now i have to work on my accent : wink : .   ... 1 . would you ever consider going bungee jumping / skydiving ? absolutely not . heights flat out terrify me more than anything else . 2 . would you ever consider getting plastic surgery ? ( if yes , ... haha wow . never knew that , lol ! edit : i decided to change it . felt kinda akward with two people having the same avatar . 1 . why do you always look so mad ? are you mad ? ( asked by your friend who's not that close to you ) mad ? nope , just happens naturally when i'm thinking . 2 . lets hang out . what do you wanna ... ... you'd return the hug looking like this ... http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_wyr5qzDnBwc/S9VtGuLibPI/AAAHc/0-OGhKjHroA/s1600/how-to-give-a-great-man-to-man-hug.jpg sorry , i should've been more specific . i constantly have the urge to control the lives of others , but i don't usually try to control them . i'm trying to control my inner istj protective instincts , ... what are your religious beliefs ? roman catholic what is your political party ? mid-left wing democrat do you have any siblings ? 1 . staying up late during the summer ( 3-4 am ) . want to be in bed by 1 or 1:30 at the latest . 2 . having the urge to control the lives of others ( primarily loved ones ) . 3 . being antisocial at ... no , not really . came across it while dialing through channels and decided to watch it a little bit since nothing else good was on at the time . watching the show blues clues out of boredom right now for the first time in years . i feel like a little kid again ! : crazy :: happy : i became friends with a very nice infp this past year and i've found her to be great company . she can be such an enigma sometimes and i think she views me the same way . despite our differences , she ... i have a few home-based hobbies like reading and writing and a few outdoors activities such as soccer coaching and backpacking , but generally i do everything at some point . i'm sure you have some ... 1 . i'm 5 ' 9 2 . i'd rather be an inch or two taller so i don't feel so short compared to my 6 ' 0 + guy friends who like to joke with me about my height . don't need to be 6 ' 1 + but would like to sprout ... very observant . perhaps the computer light makes my eyes look brighter than they actually are . i'm not entirely sure . i don't have a scanner to put baby / child pics on my computer but this is a picture of modern me and me when i was 5 . woohoo child pics ! : laughing : 17666 what brought you to perc ? i took a personality test last summer to finish off a psychology class and learned i was an istj . i then searched google to learn more about istjs and came across the ... lol i can relate to this . i called the library the bow-wail . have no idea why lol . a few of my pet peeves include : - the smacking of chewing gum - indecisiveness - rude behavior - loud and / or aggressive noises and sounds - law-breaking oh noes ! i've become an enfp ! you are emotional you are dependable , popular , and observant . deep and thoughtful , you are prone to moodiness . in fact , your emotions tend to influence ... 1 . i put a rubber band around my head and pulled it back to see how far it would stretch . unfortunately , my grip slipped and it left a huge red welt across my entire forehead . the next day , my 2nd ... justice diligence tranquility resilience devolution infj : happy : my mood is yeehaw right now because i just learned my girlfriend's mom is an istj . us istjs are all one step closer to unifying and taking over the world . : crazy :: wink : 1 ravoili or lasagna ? lasagna 2 camping out or slumber party ? slumber party 3 hamburgers or hot dogs ? hamburgers 4 music or movies ? music a slight edge 6 comedy or horror ? horror 7 summer or ... during my choir spring show tonight , i had my friends put their arms around me during the senior song . i thought i'd be fine , but suddenly i was overwhelmed with emotion and started crying . whats ... edit : wrong thread this is flat out hilarious , imho . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CTxkxG3DF4k '