' hello , welcome to perc ! :) welcome to the forums ! you have a great attitude and you are a true gentleman . 9teeen : happy :: kitteh :: laughing :: angry :: mellow :: blushed :: proud :: bored :: sad :: confused :: shocked :: cool :: tongue :: crazy :: unsure :: crying :: wink :: dry :: rolleyes :: frustrating :: ninja : the ears connect to make a train . i smile and quickly exhale through my nose :) welcome to perc ! :) nooo that's crazy talk ... welcome to perc . you as well misselyn * swivels head * oh , me ? nice to meet you too :p hi ! welcome to the forums . i also have an intp younger brother :p what part of canada have you visited ? hello :D i suppose you have been here longer than me but welcome anyway haha . i'm curious to know where ontariario is :p haha my username . but yeah i love golf . i get to see nature around me while i play and i find that it is much more enjoyable when you walk the course rather than take a cart because you can sort of ... never gonna give you up , never gonna let you down never gonna run around and desert you never gonna make you cry , never gonna say goodbye never gonna tell a lie and hurt you welcome :) i don't want to just go to school , get a job , and have a family ... and then what ? really , is there more to life than just that ? i think that to myself everyday , it's very frustrating . i have science's autograph 5w4 hello , welcome to perc ! haha i was about to his quote about number 1 but i thought i better make sure someone didn't already say it . yeah i would say they would have to consider myself their best friend and vice versa . i ... welcome , you can be alone with us now :p well i guess infj's could have a tendency to be single . personally i've never been in a relationship but i don't know if that's an infj thing or if it's just my particular case . did you defeat the robot ? * bows down * welcome :p same haha google . D: i might have lied about that , i'm still receiving emails hahaha . the picture for the forums is called an avatar , you can edit that too by clicking settings on the top right again then edit avatar ... click settings on the top right of your screen next to your username . left side of the screen under my account it will say general settings , click that . you can uncheck the boxes for emails there :) somekindalove if you two keep going back and forth in this thread you should reach 15 in no time haha . welcome to the forums ! yeah happens to me too and i can see that a lot of the times they are uncomfortable and then that makes me feel uncomfortable :p hello welcome to perc :) i'd say i'm a gaming geek and i'm into a little fantasy and sci-fi . i probably speak in geeky ways at times because of some of the reactions i get but that's just the way i am i guess haha i just met you in the elevator 15 seconds ago , i have no idea what your name is anymore , i think it had 2 syllables * waiting for phone call * definitely going to ring while i'm in the washroom ... for me personally what matters the most is having strong and loving relationships and connections with people . other things that have high importance to me are staying fit and healthy , continue to ... welcome , i'm sure you'll meet some crazy people here . just head over to the intj forum (: tongue :) i didn't realize it converted to the title for you guys , i thought i had it all figured out :p you replied hella fast hahaha i don't find it funny when people pull these pranks off . i mean most of the time you're disrupting peoples ' day to day business and if you go further into the pranks it's making it hard for the ... mmmm , not very large but nice . welcome :p your period . haha like the title . welcome :D first ! welcome to perc :) welcome to the forums ! you'll learn a lot about mbti if you hang around :) * gives weird look * haha welcome :) welcome to the forums eh ! welcome , and thanks for the nightmares tonight :) welcome ! what about he beautiful ducklings ? :p it's truly terrible to see events like these occur . my dad's friend was competing in the marathon but luckily he finished the race around 40 minutes before the explosions happened . very sad to see ... welcome , glad to have ya ! but what explains physics ? oooo welcome :p '