' the swedish version has the same name , all three movies are up on netflix streaming . well for me the books were really good , so i am looking for a director with a good actor to bring what was written ... i did see it again and for me my first reaction was my 2nd . it didn't speak to me , i only thought it was over acted . but you enjoyed it and that is the important thing . ;) the decedents - it was good , but i am not sure about all the hype ... ... the girl with a dragon tattoo ( american version ) - it can't hold a candle to the ... the decedents - it was good , but i am not sure about all the hype ... the girl with a dragon tattoo ( american version ) - it can't hold a candle to ... oh you must , he is brilliant in this , in fact all the actors in the film are hands down some of the best in the world . i need to get the screener back from a friend and i'll let you know what i think upon second viewing . ;) i just watched the artist and tinker , tailor , solider , spy , they both were so well acted and the writing was wonderful as well as the directing . i can't say anything negative about either .  ... but i will see it again , because i want to see what you are talking about . you seem to be very intelligent and i wouldn't want to miss something . :) i just felt she wasn't organic , it's like when i saw frances with jessica lange i never doubted for a second she was frances framer . she was so in tune with the character , she was frances , it was ... i understand his heart was the problem , as he had had rheumatic fever as a child . but i am sure him being bi-polar didn't help matters either . what i meant by being embarrassed for her , i ... i love them all , i was so sad when i found out jeremy brett was dead . i discovered the series two years ago on netflix , and i was hoping to see other things he had done but he had passed in his ... yes i have , i agree jeremy brett was hands down the best . he was and is the perfect sherlock holmes for me . netflix has all the episodes streaming , they are my nerdy guilty pleasure . i am different and that's okay . yes i broke up with him as he was far too cold for me . yes i am , but i wonder if we as women will ever achieve that , for when i see many women not helping other women get ahead and even sabotaging each other it does seem impossible . i'll never understand ... sherlock holmes part 2 , so much better then the 1st one , but still not as great as bbc's sherlock . i also watched home movies of myself when i was eight , so funny to look back and see myself at that ... a person being polite doesn't mean they are fake , it means they were raised to believe if you have nothing nice to say , then say nothing at all . i am sick of rude and unkind people . home movies of when i was eight , too funny ... ;) sherlock holmes part 2 , so much better then the 1st . rear window , so great ! hi , jo and i am new here . '