' i used to do this . when i was still a teenager , i could lock myself in my room , open my favorite game and play until i was with the bests . but with college , the responsibilities started to add up ... ^ this . and the fact that i cry easily with bad tv show . but only when i'm alone . please , don't tell anyone . i disagree with op . introversion is not a product of social anxiety , nor is it an attention-seeking behavior . i am introverted and i can garantee you that those ideas are wrong . i used to suffer ... just a reminder guys , put your type at the beginning of your post :) other than that , great opinions up to now , keep it up ! i've been reading a lot on the web recently , mainly due to the fact that i ended college a week ago and that i have a little bit of free time before finding a job . i couldn't help but see that a lot ... i was writing a lot of paragraphs about this , until i realised that this simple sentence was enough for this thread : mbti doesn't decide if you're creative or not . it's all about how much you try to ... introvert . i prefer the day as i kind of like the sun actually . doesn't matter on rainy day though . i can't help but smile when i read this . you have nothing to lose and he basically opened up a little , which could mean he's interested . or he could be completely oblivious . well , he let you into his ... yes . i'm not vain but i believe i'm quite attractive naked . as in i'm not going to the gym but i'm having a nice shape and i'm not even close to be overweight . i like debates . they're interesting , motivating and mind refreshing . it also let you see two side of a medal , so they're awesome . conflicts , on the other hand ? i stay as far as possible from the ... infj mom + estj dad = intp with an entp brother ixtp grandpa + isfj grandma = infj mom estj ( or so i think from what i heard of him ) grandpa + esxj grandma = estj dad , but he have an enfj ... i've known people who have been able to detach events with those things , but then this is not my case . i know that for us intps , music is directly related to si . basically how it works is that our ... i'd say everything is possible and yours might work out just fine . however i personally believe that the rate of success are genuinely low ... here's why . most of the friends i have in life are ... yup , but then i speak of the biological meaning of true love - which is basically when your brain decide to tell the rationnal part of you to fuck off for one person . i do not believe in the true ... same score , same thought on my side . i laughed way too much for this . there's a huge stereotype about intps floating around about our privacy . it got me thinking , what type of privacy are we dealing with exactly ? as far as i thought about me , i never considered ... i've been reading the past few posts from you on this topic and i have to say that i disagree with your opinion . of course it is what it is , an opinion , but i have to get this out : first you claim ... the fact that the op hasn't answered yet is enough proof for me to call this thread shenanigans to make us lose our temper . he / she's clever . well played , because you obviously succeeded . yes and yes . i might be speaking for myself , but truth be told , i often am confident in my intelligence because i know what i can do and what's my limit . however , i will often doubt about my ... started watching the show on netflix this week and there's a few characters that strikes me as certain types pretty well : oliver : intj . he might love to party , this doesn't change the fact that ... i don't cheat on tests . to me , cheating would basically be telling myself that i am not good enough to do it . beside , i have very little patience with people who cheat . it's like if they didn't ... well i don't know , i don't think you're snob just because you dislike walmart or mcdonald for the reason you gave . but then again , maybe my definition of snob isn't the same as yours . mine would ... my two best friends are isfj and infp . brother is entp and school acquaintances ( that's an understatement though ) are esfj , isfj , enfj , estj and infj . damn , now wonder why i am that emotionnal . i ... sounds rather fair to me . still doesn't change the fact that he was able to have a more-than-fair amount of self-consciousness and social consciousness though . you're mistaking two things . you're mistaking his ability to analyse and his ability to find solutions . by the way , i thoroughly disagree with his philosophy . i've been reading the whole thread and the tendency i've been seeing is the fact that many people believe their type is the most self-aware type . if you think about it , however , it does make ... i can't speak for asian , but i believe the way he meant it is that a type is defined , however how we develop it can change . this mean that two people could be intp and yet be completely different ... intp and i usually wear comfortable but still generally well looking clothes . i spend a healthy amount of money every few months to get nice clothes so i don't look like i don't care , but still not ... i think i like both actually . i'm having a hard time categorizing which way i am because i read a lot of both - one is read for its usefulness and the other one as an escape from reality . i simply ... err well it really depend on what happened . for instance , if i said something completely awkward , usually i'll just fall back and try to do as if nothing happened . and then worry for the next few ... world of warcraft mainly now , but seriously i played way too many games to start writing them down . actually i think i don't want to for my sanity . why would i be deeply affected by your lives ? because we are so obviously awesome . don't we need to be alike for me to feel empathy ? 0 . o since we are so awesome , people automatically feel ... on a scale of one to ten , please tell me how deeply you are affected by our lives and how empathetic you feel toward us now . or how our superiority is so overwhelming . answer : i don't truly care :D what makes you say this ? : o : o : o nah just kidding xd but i truly believe what i wrote though ;) honestly ? it did . more than a little bit . way more . seriously , i have a hard time figuring how i was doing before it . the self-knowledge is one of the most helpful thing i ever had in my life , ... well i'm starting to get a little pissed off . maybe he didn't answer your questions specifically , but i believe i did and spent a lot of time doing so ( two answers that were several hundred words ... i really understand what you mean . seriously , i do . but the thing that you have to understand is that all the main topics ( those that contain highly valuable informations ) are already pinned at the ... you just described what i thought about definitions . they are subjective and shall remain so . communication isn't impossible in such case , it just expect the two individuals to communicate clearly . i ... i've read the whole thread but i decided to quote your first post . that's an overreaction here and a bad one , too . also , you seem to misinterpret some of the rules , particularly # 3 : assigning ... healthy : - an upbeat ( positive ) outlook on life . --> disagree . someone could have a negative outlook on life and still be healthy - it really depend on what society he lived in and how he was ... sometime i wonder if a sharp tongue is worth everything else that comes with entps . my jack russell dog is definitly an estj , without any doubt . stuck in his routine and won't hesitate to show physical signs when he's bored or unsatisfied and annoyed , but extremely social . my ... born intp . as far as i can remember , much traits of intps i've had come from my youth . however , i do remember being much more extroverted and feeler when i was younger ( though definitely using ... i don't understand why people would lie on a forum like this one . though understand that i'm not saying it's impossible , quite the contrary . but i just don't see the goal to do so . i mean , these ... i feel energized with conversations that i'm interested about . i can speak for hours with my best friend ( 5h + ) straight with barely any pauses in those situations . and yeah , when i'm debating i'm ... it's that time of life where all my friends are starting to get into a relationship and i just can't stand it . every close friends i have - every one of them - have found someone . you'd think that ... well then i'm glad you agree with me ! i also don't remember to have said that you didn't respect forum rules . i don't know why you feel that way , but i am sorry you do feel like it . this was fun , ... nah . i don't believe murder is justified . i mean , you're basically robbing the only thing someone is sure to have during his whole life , the very essence of somebody . then you'd have to think of the ... the question is what type ( s ) are you uncomfortable around or are hard to be congenial with ? . it's a subjective opinion . it was not bashing , she did not say every entps on earth are stupid , unwitty ... '