' i agree with you so much ! ! :p roud : sry gotta bail mayb nxt tme let your smartphone deliver the bad news - nytimes.com i just finished the above article , which is about how younger people tend to regard social plans as fluid , meaning ... this afternoon on the way back from the gym , i bought one of the few romantic comedies i like , the five-year engagement , and midnight in paris , which i haven't yet seen but have been told is ... i miss . i always enjoy posts and replies by , who so often makes me smile . i deeply appreciate elinordashwood's wise replies . ladylullaby sends the nicest emails . i feel completely the same way . i've tried , but enneagram just doesn't seem to work for me . maybe certain tests are more insightful for certain people . these tests are largely measuring the same ... i'm actually pretty bad at recognizing faces , especially out of context . my sister , and istj , is extraordinary at recognizing them , though . even with actors playing very different roles , she can spot ... i love this site ! this is why ... is my absolute favorite post . one of my favorite websites is not always right , a site where people send in funny stories of customers and customer service-related incidents . have worked various retail and fast food jobs , i can ... personally , i like quiet guys . i know society tells us alpha males are tops , but i really hate being around them . give me a quiet , introspective guy any day of the week . ( no , really , if you have one , ... ganesha , the indian elephant god who is the remover of obstacles and the patron of letters this hits the nail on the head for me . i like to observe people--the guy sitting across from me in class , the guy who works the same shift as me , etc . - - and get to know people when they're not trying ... i've received some nice messages . there are guys who read my profile and their messages refer to something i've said i enjoy or some shared experience we have , like having gone on vacation to the ... i think you're right . i thought i'd find other quiet people who are interesting , but just not into the club scene . instead , i found weird people who lack social skills , or people trolling for sex ... scarlet i replied to this a few years back , but now my response is different , so i'm replying again . some of you know that i decided to try online dating . i thought this would be an easy way to quickly ... i do think my response was definitely dangerous . but the bar we were at was secluded and it was just me , my friend , and those five guys . it wasn't good . but i took them by surprise and showed i ... you gain strength , courage , and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face . you are able to say to yourself , ' i have lived through this horror . i can take ... you could be a highly sensitive person . i just recently found out about this and some of what you're describing fits symptoms . highly sensitive person - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia i usually hate romantic-comedies , but loved the five-year engagement . i also recently saw this fab french film called the intouchables . that was one of those rare films that as i was watching it , ... she just walked on politely and ignored them . i think she figured they were just being guys and , while it wasn't what she wanted , that it was nothing to get upset over . she's a lot more experienced ... that's a good way of putting it . it boils down to respect , doesn't it ? you have to respect what the other person is comfortable with . you sound like a gentleman , northcrest . :) i haven't been on much of late , dashwood . it's good to hear from you ! i've missed you and your wisdom . you worded it well . i don't mind being approached , but i hate when it seems like ... last night i was at a bar with my friend . to be honest , i wasn't especially comfortable with the setting ; this bar wasn't my scene , and if it wasn't for pleasing my friend , i wouldn't have been ... not sure if i'm really mad , but yesterday one of my students was criticizing me for not explaining the software that students are required to use at our school . that's not my job . students have a ... this one's kind of weird , but i regularly have people come to me to talk about their sex lives or problems with their partners / spouses . i've had roommates ask me about birth control , the pill , ... this one might be weird , but noises really bother me . sometimes little noises , like people eating or whistling , just really , really bother me . there's this woman who works in my office and she sucks ... i kind of relate to bears . usually i'm solitary and quiet . i love eating fruit and berries . when life gets rough and wintry , i hibernate . and if you mess with those important to me , i will rip your ... when i was younger ( in my teens ) , i was petrified by any guy i liked . now , if i like someone , i make an effort to talk to him , especially regarding things he likes . i just enjoy his company as much ... you look familiar . you're just so quiet ! you're just so smart ! and my least favorite , you're so cute ! ( this last always comes from women or men who are unavailable . ) i would wake up naturally ( no alarm clock ) , blow off work , walk in the park , read for a while , play with my kitties , eat something delicious , cuddle with someone i love , and go to bed early . :) aww , you're making me blush . but really , this is related to my master's thesis , so you really just hit on a topic i feel pretty comfortable with . thanks for posting ; this was fun to read and talk ... to me , what's interesting about this article is its parallels with early feminist writing in the late 1800s . feminist writers argued that men would rise to whatever moral standard women required of ... i definitely do this . i took a tour of the british isles this past summer , and each place i went , i adopted the accent . locals were constantly asking me where i was from . i didn't realize i was doing ... i got a 58 . i struggle with this a lot . all the time . sometimes it's even ridiculous the lengths i go through to not inconvenience others . but a friend of mine asked me recently , why are you not worth the ... it's strange , but something similar has happened to me within the last two or three months . i don't think so much about sex , but just about the emotional connection and the bond between people who ... you bring up an excellent point . there are more non-active young people than we're led to believe . also , the numbers can greatly vary by region in the u . s . ( i assume the same is true for much of the ... i'm 25 and ( as far as i know ) the only one of my friends who is still a virgin . but then , i'm a stereotypical infj in that i've dated very little . overall , i believe people have to find their own ... one thing i realized recently is exactly what you said--i have to be able to laugh with people . if i can't laugh with a person , it's going nowhere , regardless of whether it's romantic or platonic . i ... i wish i lived closer to some of the people who post on this forum . i think it would be really interesting to meet some of you in person . like you say , i can't fully connect with someone until i've ... it's not a matter of getting replies . lots of people have contacted me . i've even met some in person . the problem is , i just feel nothing . no spark . no interest . it makes me feel emotionally dead . yes , this is how i've been feeling--like the more i try to connect , the less successful i am , and with each failed attempt , i close myself off more . lately i'm having a lot of trouble connecting with people . i've been trying the online dating thing and had hoped to come out with a few friends if nothing else , but i've been woefully disappointed ... i find i need someone who kind of pulls me out of myself , so if not an extrovert , someone less introverted than myself ? i want someone who can be practical , but can also be fun . he must make me laugh ... i do fluctuate between infj and intj . in fact , i've sometimes tested as a t rather than an f . however , the infj description definitely fits me better overall , and the t is something that has ... thanks , sassy . i think you're telling me what i already knew but needed someone to affirm . people tell me i don't give guys enough of a chance , that i'm being too picky , that my expectations are ... yay ! i nice , happy , humorous thread . well chosen , vaan . i've been told this a lot . my friends often tell me i mother them , and sometimes they'll say things like , won't brittany make a wonderful ... a couple of weeks ago , someone posted a thread about online dating , specifically in reference to okcupid.com . after reading everyone's posts , i decided to give the site another try . i've been talking ... we do ? where are mine ? : sad : '