' i agree with you on the passion part . i think infps are one of the most passionate types in the whole mbti . also , since we are so emotional and sensitive , it becomes very difficult for us to be ... demographics from the personality questionnaire the link says that infps are least educated and form the type with lowest income . :( 1 . law graduate 2 . masters in business administration with marketing as specialization . what were your findings man ... thanks ! hey fellas please help me out here . i have given mbti tests a few times . i test as an enfp . but when i read the descriptions , i really thought i am an enfj . the reasons for the confusion are the ... sure buddy , i will go through them . thanx :) hi guys i am an enfp . i live with my istj elder brother . he is very protective and caring by nature . but he is very nitpicking about everything and its very difficult to please him . he is not ... hey all , so anyone in the teaching career here . i am currently working in a research firm with the future aspiration to teach . any tips or advice would be helpful . 1 . when you forget your glasses near the printer but you can't find them . its only after a lot of search that you realize that they are in your bag and you haven't wore them since morning . 2 . when ... hey everyone , i picked it up from another website forum . can we list down our jobs here along with our specific role . i think it would be a great way to understand and list the most popular ... hey fellas , i was just thinking about this issue . what could be the ultimate objective of our lives ? where do we see ourselves , say 20 years down the line ? what really drives us and give the ... 14 for me and i did see the gorilla . hey all , i was just wondering if there are any entps members in this portal from india . i have read that different cultures influence the person's mbti and behavior too . so , if there are any ... 7w8 , 8w7 , 3w2 hi everyone , i am the new entp on the block . actually , i am not new to perc . i was quite active around an year back . then , i was on a break ( god knows why ! ) . meanwhile , i continued with ... 1 . ) unethical ... 8/ 10 2 . ) joker ... 9.5 / 10 3 . ) no feelings ... 8/ 10 4 . ) cocky ... 9/10 ( though i've learnt how to act humble ) 5 . ) not romantic ... 5/10 ( very romantic , though ... dominant http://mgsrvr.com/4d1f2441932dcdfbf386dbb39cc0fb99.gif dominant , determined , decisive , doer . this person likes to get things ... if you buy things you do not need , soon you will have to sell things you need . - warren buffet grace and intellect . i really think mother teresa was an infp . i still need to learn that art sela . may be i can take a tip or two from you . thanx a lot niss . really feels so much better . :) oh ! i wonder is it only me or other istjs who have problems in accepting compliments . really , i am very bad at accepting compliments or any kind of appreciation specially one coming in the ... the problem is with his behaviour . he is too smothering . he is really open about his feelings and i don't know how to respond when he is talking about it . i know he is caring but he ... hey all , i have an enfp brother . he is elder to me by four years but we are very friendly . we even smoke and drink together . but the problem is that he sometimes really gets on my nerves . the ... @ serial hero , , dreamer 777 guys thanx a lot for bearing it with me . i have been making detailed observations about my behavior . i am quite sure now that i am an istj , repeat istj . i ... dreamer 777 i most certainly believe that i am an introvert . firstly , i really get drained out in people's company and i need to spend a lot of time alone to recharge myself . secondly , i always make ... fourtines thanx for your comments . but the problem with being istj is that i am not really very organized and determined as a human being . e . g . if i make any decision to do some physical activity or ... i really appreciate your insightful thoughts . well , there are reasons why i think that i am a j . following observations might be helpful : 1 . i like working in a structured ... donkeybals thanx for the quick response . but , i really think i am a thinker . 1 . the primary reason is that although i am not much into maths but i don't like much abstract stuff either . 2 . i ... hey all , i have been following mbti for quite sometime now . initially , it gave me very varied results but for sometime now , it tells me that i am an istj . i have also gone through the various ... niss thanx lot , sir . i am sure it will genuinely help me tackling the issue . i will certainly implement your suggestion and then lets see how it goes . yardiff bey and blue ocean thanx guys for the early response . i sometimes really feel it is abnormal . like you have mentioned , that whenever you are tired or busy , you don't attend the call . but ... hey all , i had a query regarding my behavior and whether it is in consonance with an istj . the problem is that i just hate attending phone calls . it might be one of my close friends , but there ... when you are typical istj with no tendency to show emotions at all and then someday when you are watching an emotional scene in a romantic movie , suddenly , your eyes get moist . you quickly wipe them ... i will go first . after checking my inbox , ( usually mails which ought to be in spam ) i access the news sites . they are genenral news sites and business news sites.presently , i am accessing perc site a ... hey all , i have always been very curious to know about the websites that people open after they are done with their usual work viz . mails and fb or any other site . since , this forum gives me an ... wow ! way to go ! i just love your routine . mine is quiet similar . ;) absolutely . i won't mind living with the person or continuing the relationship . but , most definitely i will let her know about the reality . and then we can decide about the future together .  ... mostly people come and say the first and the second one . owfin i can relate to the second one . memphisto i exactly react the same way as your friend does when he gets a compliment . its a very strange feeling that i get from inside . i don't feel nervous or anxious but its unique in its own way ... hey you have actually brought up a very interesting issue . its very close to my heart as i face the same issues . from what i've read or experienced , i think its absolutely normal to ... firstly , sorry enfps , i just stole one of the topics from your forum . now , for me , there are a few lines that keep getting repeated . top ones are : 1 . till when are you going to work . at ... honestly , never been passionate about anything . whatever i like doing , i have never become that serious about it . interests : reading , net surfing and best of all sitting alone and ' thinking ' . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cRrdP8bUZI4 hey , thanx a lot for such a descriptive and helpful post . it really answers so many questions . in fact , its so true to its every word . i behave exactly like how its mentioned in your ... ^ ^ lol ... i think you have just crossed the first stage in mbti successfully . you know yourself . now , go ahead and explore ; there's so much more to this . explore n ' joy ! idealis so congrats den ... intj huh ? ^ ^ lol ... ogr_ro 1 well , may be its basically because of the extrovert-introvert conflict or thinking-feeling which might be at a clash . i believe istjs are always more objective in their approach and ... johny depp , leornado de caprio and jim carrey . p . s . n of course matthew perry . we all love chandler bing . don't we .. '