' were you hoping to have me do all the derogatory work on myself ? you need to streamline your surrender and get it over with . of course the only way i can be harsh on others is because i'm harshest on ... yo dawg is a meme . wow . before you jump on my ghetto , why don't you spend a little bit of time on the internet , looking up something other than child porn - brought to you by naz . sounds like you ... don't even get me started on the english language . person ? check your avatar illiterate . and by the way - yo dawg , there is an error in your error message . 15 is not sexy . right now , you're just ... bs : boldly scripting the half truths and the whole lies . sounds like just about every english and government paper i've ever written . public schools and universities will soon turn us all into ... don't act so playful . it's all just a barrier . you are afraid of being hurt so you put up a guise of innocence and indirectness , laced with immaturity . you catch someone's attention by being a ... sea slug , elysia chlorotica , devours algae then becomes self sustaining after acquiring the chloroplasts of its prey . while we assume lifeforms beyond earth would be carbon based , we have found ... if you want to wake up earlier , start by making a routine of when you go to sleep and when you are attempting to wake up . if you keep forcing yourself into this schedule , your body should start ... north korea's attempts to get first world countries under its thumb . world domination - you're doing it wrong . when someone thinks they know me better than myself . don't tell me what i want or what would be best for me . i know these things . if i want advice , then i will ask for it . there is no need to attempt ... the past is what builds you , but your ability to move beyond history is what ensures our future . i run into everything in my way that is not about eye level . i have to use excess energy to be ... farfaraway for summary , just read bold . in order to stay more attentive , try focusing on each of your senses - one at a time . emphasize , say , your hearing for a couple of seconds - listening to the ... the injustice of the drug industry . recently , most all money invested into drug development by the major drug companies is not producing new drugs or researching better or different cures . instead , ... bahaha i see what you did thar . ;p i am happy discovering myself , bettering myself , and applying my skills . i am listening to nickleback , relaxing between classes . in a large campus computer lab , 13 % occupied not sure if what ... awww i saw your cute kitty pictures ! made me miss halloween . or just costumes being on sale in general . if they would sell them all year long ... i would buy them all year long ! ... goodness , here is my attempt at expressing my gooey insides , which makes me feel uncomfortable . hah i would much rather observe others and give advice , but i feel like this is fair to share : i'm ... could say the same about you . hehe or at least sideways ... sooo cute . 8.5 / 10 :D i do believe that it is symmetrical . it is a trick of the eye . on the right bottom side of the top , there is more lighting , giving a first impression of less content . the darker , left bottom side ... don't worry ! you're not alone . i don't want to be given the answer . i want to find it on my own . it's the process of this finding that leads to innovation , i think . you can create your own methods to ... missjordan i you are concerned that you are being a creep , then look for other avoidance besides just eye contact : if they try to back away from you ( intentional ) , turn their body away from you ... ah well good to know there's a name for my condition . haha i just suppose i can't be physically attracted to someone unless there is a high degree of mental stimulation . i have tried so hard just to ... kehe nope , not offended . you were my experiment . perfect opportunity . i met a man who's supposedly ( e / i ) ntp and when he is confronted with accusations of offending others he , instead of reasoning out ... i dearly hope you were not implying that ntjs are anything like that cheap thinking college man or that all you need is a narrow interest set and medial knowledge of a subject to impress an ntj . that ... um . disagree . i have always had a extremely high sex drive and have yet to meet a man that can keep up with me . i don't find it boring at all . i enjoy using my senses to pick up every feeling ... yay ! i love lectures on attraction and love ! have you watched the science of sex appeal vids ? i suppose considering my avatar ... no post was needed . 52953 unfortunately for you , the less painful and traumatizing route would be frolicking through the mine field . no sorry ! i was referring to the naturiacherries picture . by the time i posted , you beat me to it ... haha ! ooookay 1 ... i know i'm not that ugly ! :p hehe too bright , cheery and playful for my tastes . 3/10 haha cheery cherries . on second thought i like the sound of that phrase , sooo 5/10 . and here comes the part i'm interested in . be very honest ... it's funny , i try to be an approachable person , too . but , i recently realized that most people will not approach without a reason . i would sit off by myself and wonder why no one was taking the ... haha trust me , i am not excellent at this myself . i've just been really trying to take some time into observing and learning verbal and physical cues and have been putting in effort to incorporate ... oh ! i disagree ! i do these things ( minus the hugging ) when i want to let someone know that i am interested . i do this because otherwise they will have no clue . giving constructive criticism and other ... i am naturally excellent at most hands on forms of art - especially drawing in pencil . i enjoy taking photographs or images and drawing them to be replicas . can be therapeutic . i like sculpting , ... so far the infj and intj's have been working really well for me , but the intp's arguments and trains of thought are sooo sexy ! all in all , i suppose i really appreciate someone who is intellectual ... when small talking , if you are disinterested in the subjects they suggest , amuse them for a bit then take the opportunity to change it to something more suitable of you . if you can't find subjects ... dangerous : that so many like-minded people of your kind could meld minds and siege the continent kind of dangerous ? or fear of rejection kind of dangerous ? :p that's funny ! i know what you mean by feeling obligated to keep a conversation going . i feel like if the conversation has awkward silences or doesn't continue with a smooth flow , then it's probably ... one person , in person-so . hmmm ... slow day . i normally have been forcing myself to converse . today's a day off . the highlight of that conversation was can i eat this can of chicken ? . canned ... i sacrifice my time / knowledge / patience in order to show my affection to someone . i don't care for dealing with people who don't want to learn or can't understand . if someone is showing promise in ... reply : i suppose that ideally your so should be your best friend , but your best friend ( s ) should not always be so ( s ) . like how squares are rectangles , but rectangles are not always squares . sos ... i find it easiest to talk to those of the opposite sex . i don't find very much in common with typical females my age . the only females i do feel like i've made a connection with are lab partners and ... while it would seem that behaviors such as smiling and other physical cues should come naturally , i believe they are very trained responses . our mannerisms are shaped by the tendencies of our ... blacktide hmmm , yep i'm pretty bad about that too . working on it . normally if people respond positively to you 90 % of the time it's a pretty good bet they are into you : if they laugh regardless of ... thank you to all of you so much ! you were my voice of reason when i didn't have any . i considered all of the things that were said . i gave myself some distance from both of the men for a while . i ... ah , it's something that has been going on for at least two years of the three . this was my first relationship and i thought i made good decision on what i wanted in a relationship . he had all of the ... yeah . that's exactly the problem i'm having , clouding my judgement . i have tried getting to know him better , but i think he has stepped back . he was appologizing for interfering with my current ... okay so to be direct , i am not used to irrational emotion . i am used to choosing who i want to be attracted to , evaluating their suitability , and then infatuation follows . lately , i have been ... '