' reeding that i almost haved an anyourysm . fuck , that is stupid . but i want it ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LnxSTShwDdQ https://img-9gag-fun.9cache.com/photo/aoOVj1g_700b.jpg my birds were assholes , so i'll stick to cats ! that's like staying away from plums and instead only eating laxatives . more like i don't need to die . all of those , except for the dice , would certainly prove the existence of magic . the face in the sky would even prove god ( assuming it's god's face ) . i am talking about documentable , verifiable ... you're not going to like this ... proof , evidence ! https://img-9gag-fun.9cache.com/photo/aADEPpd_700b.jpg 5 . people believing in god without proof just means they're stupid . it means nothing beyond that . 1 . that's superstition , not tradition . also , see 5 . 4 . you just don't understand what science ... none of those are relevant to the question of whether or not god exists . i'm not going to build this house , but i know i can should i ever need to ... i'm not talking one random brain vs . another . i'm talking about specific differences between genders . intps only . do you think there is a significant difference , in aptitudes and / or inclinations for various things , between male brains and female brains ? https://img-9gag-fun.9cache.com/photo/aXvPwrb_700b.jpg a few days differing , proves nothing . yes , from the perspective of a child the adults would be hypocrites in pretending santa is real , when they know he isn't . the same applies for the tooth ... the date was chosen by church , yes . but over time society changed the holiday into something different . today it remains as tradition . i'm not sure you're using the word hypocrisy correctly . ... how is it hypocritical ? not like we're pretending to give a fuck about jesus being born on christmas for example . what do you mean by feel alive ? because the literal answer is always . i don't really have a problem with being cynical . other people have a problem with me being cynical . no it does not feel hypocritical as the religious aspects of the holiday are stripped out save for some decoration . there's nothing religious about giving presents on christmas , dressing up for ... i love how the internet revolves around pewdiepie ! herd behavior at its finest . he's a provocateur and yet people hang on every word , every action he does . just waiting ...  ... waiting ... ... well , he showed that he cares , and you didn't . of course they're going to turn to him . with the wrist . you didn't tell him . what's he gonna do ? if he'd just got home from the memorial then it ... lol at uni thinking they're higher learning . put my phone in the fridge and took my coke to the bathroom .  ... on top of your game as always brain . oh good , for sec i was worried you were just being obnoxious . w3 all kn0w som 3one wh0 writ 3s in l33t .  ... pay no mind to my username . what's with the nines ? basically it's there is no credible evidence to suggest that there is a god vs there is credible evidence to believe that there is no god . what's annoying is enthusiasm . if they just like the same thing , that's fine . if they're enthusiastic about it , they're a pain ! can't you just stuff him in a box and carry him down ? https://img-9gag-fun.9cache.com/photo/aMAEpB1_700b.jpg i would love to know the religious justification the burmese buddhists have for violence ? with the abrahamic religions it's not that hard to find . but in buddhist teachings ... i have no idea ? i can't ... i second the stress diagnosis . what do you mean by relax your mind ? if i want to offload my mind i will play paint it back as it focuses my mind on one thing . if my brain for some reason became overstimulated i'll go to ... very insufficient data . but one would assume that the house of bricks has a greater chance of dealing with impact damage better than the other two . people themselves are not valuable , but their rejection of you is an evaluation of you . a negative one . that means that data and experience suggests that you suck ! understandably that is not a ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=faDKMMwOS2Q it wan't a challenge . i just wanted to know what you believe and why . you said the supernatural is real . what were you referring to ? the alt-left strike me as people who would fight against lactose intolerance because the lactose are people too . what do you mean by agnostic in this case ? 50/50 likelihood ? simply that you don't know they're not right but you don't think they are ? you think they're right , but you don't know ? do you believe in the supernatural aspects of buddhism ? karma , devas , asuras and the like ? i'll be honest i don't know the branches of buddhism very well , so i don't know what differentiates ... tomorrow i must go back to hell ... from the comfort of my own home . technology ! https://img-9gag-fun.9cache.com/photo/aZgZyRp_700b.jpg that was not arguing against the validity of her belief . that was arguing against the notion that the bible is an inherently good book . no . if anything i try not to feel . typically fails horribly , but still ... my base laughter is the same , but that's not the one i typically use . as i try to make as little noise as possible i end sounding like a squeaky door that is suffocating . i love their ads ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O5Fs_ij4Mp0 honest and open ? ? who the hell in their right mind is honest and open ? that's how problems start ! no , if people have a problem with psychopaths in politics then they should not vote for them . pants + plain black t-shirt . the base idea is silly and borderline nonsensical . but other than that it'd really depend on the lyrics . there's someone who looks like shit and smells of fart , but i gotta say , he stole my ... '