' first disaster i remember is 9/11 . worldwide event i take to also include y2k , so that's what i'd say . i'm may ' 95 . depends what i interpret the motives being . i've had some people do this because i was foreign and nonsensical to them rather from a place of true desired understanding . they wanted to make me make ... i didn't know people could psychoanalyze me based on my favorite ninja turtle . i don't even know why i picked donatello other than i was absolute shit at tmnt for nes and his weapon had amazing reach . yeah , the thing is you can't mix mbti and enneagram at least initially . they weren't created to coexist , but are two independent ways to classify personality . it does bring a lot of insight when you ... tbh i think this pretty often , but it has an implied some in front of it . i second the above post . my original typing when i was ... eh , 16 maybe ? ended up being the real one . i've spent a lot of time doubting my personality type , enneagram more so than mbti but still , and in my case mbti was right ... the problem i have with it is as a teenager , an insistence on being unique created many problems . it was totally unnecessary and i did it all to myself , stroking my ego but feeling lonely , distant , ... certainty is loaded for me . i've just realized recently i'm a type 6 . how much certainty do you need ? more than is possible to have , it seems . generally / in specific situations ? anything with ... just wanted to say you're not alone . i've had the same confusion and just recently switched back as well . the problem in my opinion is as an fi-user , my inner emotional landscape becomes a big ... you don't want to go into this with me , lol . or maybe you do since you asked the question ? i'll make it brief in case . i live in a fantasy world . or at least , i used to . i spend more time in ... i never saw the movie , but nothing about the trailer really interested me . i'm picky about portrayal of mental illness though too , so that part of her character puts me off . reminds me too much of ... the number five is blue , so i'd say blue . 5w4 is a nice blue-green though . 6 is orange . this is just my synesthesia colors by the way ; what is the significance of types having colors ? my aesthetics aren't very 6 - like at all , at least if tumblr enneagram aesthetic posts are anything to go by . i don't put any thought into it because if i was typed by aesthetics i'd be a 459 or ... i tested the hell out of my parents growing up . i didn't become aware of this testing until my mom said something along the lines of expecting them to read my mind . i find the fact that i do this ... the issue i see with infj vs infp is usually when comparing the descriptions . the function stackings make the types seem so different to me , i can't imagine identifying as an infj based on that , but ... err , well , back in the day my three main wow characters were a restoration druid , beast mastery hunter , and a protection paladin in that order , so your guesses were pretty close actually lol . how do you tell if you relate to 9 just because you're a 6 or because it's your gut fix ? or what about the difference between sexual 6 and 6 with an 8 - fix ? never had a problem determining my heart ... i honestly didn't know i had a problem with trust until i spent a night with some riso-hudson books and figured out i had absolutely no idea who i was before . but it brought me to tears to just trust ... cause not getting out of bed feeds the depression , so of course the depression wants you not to get out of bed . i've always thought depression was a very effective affliction , because it is excellent ... i wouldn't wait 2 hours in that situation and would also ask at some point , but i've had a similar approach to problem-solving before lmao , if you could even call it that ( no ) . it's like ... welp , i ... personally the main difference i see is in our relationship to our image . 4w3 ' s care about it a great deal , and sometimes less healthy 4w3s do things that seems very unfourish to me in pursuit of ... extraverted judgers . i can come up with many people of other types that i both get along with and don't get along with , or both at the same time like esfps , but i routinely have trouble with te and ... i'm either slow or medium . i'm not sure if i'm a slow eater or i'm just surrounded by people who inhale their food . when my dad takes me out for ramen or something , his bowl is empty by the time i'm ... every problem i have feels like it's caused by holding myself back in some way , yet my one desire in life is to be 100 % myself and free to do as i please . basically , i agree with healergirl , i often ... i almost don't know how to go about this question because of the depth of connection i feel with nature . hiking is one of the only physical activities i enjoy , but more than that , it's when i feel ... i've been feeling a big push toward si lately and i'm hoping to do more development in that way . like , i've been experiencing a drive to learn from my mistakes and others with weaker si are getting ... i did once for my first novel attempt . i generally try to avoid doing that now though because i tend to fall into the trap of spending way too much time fleshing out the world the novel is set in and ... i would say so , while i don't think my development of my ne had any problems heh , in certain social contexts i will unintentionally hide my ne a bit because my true self is a little too much for some ... i didn't start doing it until some time after i moved out lol , i guess some people don't mind being in the same house with people and sleeping naked but i do . i wouldn't like to have to worry about ... i'm cool with being liked lol , though getting my way has frustrated me a lot before because i have easily manipulated parents . it makes me have to make parenting decisions for myself essentially ... i don't know if i would even try to put the word better on it . some things i can do effortlessly , and i like to be acknowledged for my natural skills , but it would bother me to be acknowledged for ... this is why i hate the 16personalities test lol . one 0 , and i'm not being pessimistic lol unless one of my 5 internet friends is holding back some feelings , but then i never got around to re-coming out to those friends so the guys probably ... intp https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HQnC1UHBvWA this makes me think you're an xnfp . your ni description felt very ne and your fe description felt more fi to me with your struggle between harmony and authenticity you noted . your reasoning for ... i have no achievements , warm and bright is just something my teachers always wrote in my yearbook and progress reports . i just interact with people with a contagious , good attitude and talk about ... i'm one angry-ass enfp . of course , the thing is no one realizes that unless i verbally tell them i'm an angry person . i was an explosive kid though . i went to therapy for anger problems and defiance ... maybe not a general type , but there definitely seems to be certain types that aren't automatically attracted to us , like some of them respect us and some can't stand us . although that's not really ... i have grapheme-color , ordinal-linguistic personification , and some miscellaneous sensory mixups i get that aren't linked to a main type of synesthesia , like phantom flavors ( i think triggered by ... worked at a halloween store when i was 15 from september to the end of october . basically consisted of wandering around the store listening to the time warp . second-favorite job . first favorite was ... i think rationality is the mark of a mature thinker or feeler , not so much thinker vs . feeler . i think the ideal state of mind to achieve is wise mind : a balance of both the emotional and logical . i ... - if i'm even wondering whether i should let go - if they've already let go - when not doing so would be a detriment your emotional / mental health i guess the main example that i think of is a group ... yeah , i think i could have worded things better some time else , but it's likely the most honest truth i will ever utter . it's the only time i'm 100 % unfiltered . i can't stand self-pitying behavior . i don't have a ton to say , just yeah , really repels me for a similar reason as eefje mentioned , it's stagnant . makes me feel like the person is dragging me behind ... i would second lizbeth in the propensity to be stressed . i don't deal with excess stress really well , and i already feel swamped by my own stuff . i'm also very used to being used as an unpaid ... absolutely . i just recently realized my anxiety and depression came from over a decade of repressed anger . i'd see people get angry in real life and in the movies and have these crazy overreactions ... i wouldn't consider my childhood problematic at all . with a background in psychology and human services , i think of ace score , mine is a 1 while i would consider problematic more of a 4 + situation ... maybe there's a tritype link to this . cause i've been gradually having less patience for people who are unstable compared to me the longer it's been since my unstable period . the more i distance ... pessimism isn't something i naturally lean toward unless i'm in the grip . i like to call myself a realistic optimist . i'm almost never optimistic to a fault , but i lean a tiny bit more toward ... i actually think this is the main reason knowing i was an enfp eluded me so long . this made me revisit my mom's type and now i'm certain she's an esfp , which explains why i had ruled out enfp for ... '