' welcome to the forum , hope you do enjoy it here :] welcome to la forum , hope you have a pleasant experience while here :] i was freaked out when i noticed hair growing in my nether-regions so i ran to my mother and asked her what the hell it was and she told me it was puberty , a couple days later i was in a jazuzzi with ... haha , welcome to the forum hope you have a pleasant experience ! haha my friends have actually made it known that they think i often act like jack sparrow lol i believe it was your just like jack sparrow ... except not nearly as sexy ! ! ! i think because of the ... im quite adept at pickpocketing , though i only do it in jesting form . ill take a phone or wallet from a friend and give it back in an hour just to enjoy the shocked and impressed look on their faces , ... 1 ) what kind of venue do you prefer / does it usually occur in . i'd say for me its a 70/30 70 % irl [ generally through mutual friends ] and 30 % over the internet 2 ) are you the initiator or are they ... ehh well i have to disagree with this , you see at least for me , being told to ' shutup ' is an insult . i find that there is indeed still room for politeness in civilized conversation , and if a member ... a fellow entp , welcome ! hope your time here is a most enjoyable one . welcome to the forum , i enjoyed your narrative introduction , and i am pleased to meet a fellow entp , hope you have an enjoyable time here . to fill in your x's id have to say that zeus is more an f , is promiscuity and actions are highly based on feeling rather than rationality . and hermes seems more of an e rather than an i i didn't cry for the longest of times , it seemed needless and my father always said that men don't cry and he made sure i got the message clear , however i found that all of that logic and discipline ... welcome to the forum ma'am . 1 . ] i was an avid yugi-oh and magic player and won numerous local tournaments for it 2 . ] i can hear frequencies usually only audible to animals 3 . ] im a near-constant lucid dreamer 4 . ] i ... lol love your confidence , and welcome to the forum , hope you gain knowledge and happiness . i suppose i would be dorothy , im not lacking for knowledge , or courage , i could use more love but i think i'd find that sooner when i found the place i truly belong , so i suppose i just wanna go home ... welcome to the forums hope you have a fun time ! really ? i mean i can see how the first part may overtake your senses however , the part that says they don't have to follow the rules and can ban anyone they dislike didn't hit you as a wee bit odd ? ... then coffee you shall have my metallic comrade , all the coffee your circuits can take ! columbian , brazilian , you name it and you have it ! that is the glory of teaming up with an evil mastermind , ... do not be a fool cafebot ! together we can rule not just this forum but the entire world ! ! ! it begins here on pc , but it does not end here ! first we control this site then we put subliminal ... ok then how about bribery ? i have half a ton of motor oil that says you will detain all other admins ... hmm sound enticing doesn't it ? cafebot , you do nothing without my say , for i am primus supreme overlord of personality cafe ! now i order you to detain all other admins so i am the only one left ! for the good of humanity i order you to detain [ not harm ] all other pc members until such time as they all realize my power muahaha . lmao i love this robot ... and on another note , i also except a wide variety of bribes both in the innocent and not so innocent nature , pm for a list of how best to suck up to your new over-lord . thats odd ... usually all my stoner friends ever say is take it to the head , man ! hahaha according to this greetings perc members , starting today , primus is going to be our official administrator . primus has been a great contributor to the site and we wanted them to run ... an hour ? haha it wouldn't last 20 minutes under my totalitarian ways lol jk ya know i was thinking of writting happy with april fools suggestions very similar to this prank after seeing googles latest one but this whole admin thing is beautiful , and i could not have done ... you also get more sex in prison than at work ... lol haha thats funny man , again i say that there is no proof it negatively affects your brain in the long run ... those who are afraid to try it because of this are missing out on a very valuable ... i had my roommate do the test and he came out exactly as i expected , the exact opposite of myself , isfj , which makes alot of sense , we get along fine but he never thinks he is wrong and always has to ... my friends call me the ' mastermind ' when it comes to strategical things , so my friend tommy texts me last night asking me for ideas for a trick to play on his girlfriend [ his girlfriend is also a ... that was hilarious , i cannot stop laughing ... holy elton john that was funny . i know oppinions can vary widely but ive been thinking of this for awhile and just wondering what you all think , when looking for a relationship what do you think fits an entp best , in general of ... i completely agree with your assessment , i find that in smalltalk situations i am rather lacking but i have an innate ability to find what a persons interests are right off the bat so if impressing ... when i am confronted with someone who is less than appealing to me i simply destroy them mentally , i have a reputation in my area and at my school [ before i finished ] , of making people cry . i did not ... cool ! a friend of mine has a diy vaporizer ( or had , it might have been confiscated , not sure ) , i'm thinking of building one too when i get my hands on a lightbulb :D [ / quote ] haha yeah ... i am a very avid supporter of the legalization of marijuana . there are many rumors of harmful effects of marijuana but in truth there is no conclusive study to suggest it does any harm , the killing ... well he isn't in one currently but the last one he was in was called ' whoever fights monsters ' he screams exceptionally , i find that he sounds alot like the singer from ' asking alexandria ' and you will love it all the more after awhile , also on another note my uncle is into alot of the same genres , he is actually a screamer as well mostly screamo , hardcore , etc . yea see i would have been wrong i suppose , i would have guessed enfp , regardless of the fact that you said you were shy , your post itself shouted extroverted to me at least , and of course the love of ... welcome to the forums , have an enjoyable stay . haha wow , you would think in this poor girls case infp should stand for [ im not for pervs ] lol well welcome to the forums and i am sure you will have a splendid time . oh my dearie yes ! einstein was more than the greatest mind of his time he also invented protein shakes and that big bouncy ball that your supposed to use for your abs but everyone just rolls on it ... so you are a bit familiar with my book of faith ? lol and to intj mom welcome ! this is a great site and i am sure you will enjoy it theres a few that have triggered an emotional avalanche in me but the one that takes the cake is my absolutely favorite romance movie a walk to remember it stars that guy from e . r . and mandy moore ... hello madam i hope yoiu like pc * russian accent * welcome comrade , i have an important and top secret question for you ... whcih i shall now ask over a public forum ... azriel ... do you like doritos ? say yes and you have a new ... oh wow , i don't know how to post the pic and i don't feel like figuring it out atm because i haven't had my coffee yet but basically im the badass with the red liberty spikes this trilogy is my absolute favorite book , it comes in three parts [ orphans of chaos , fugitives of chaos , and titans of chaos ] it is an unbelievably good read , not for those who aren't accustomed to ... '