' so true ! ;) it's not just you ... it doesn't really fit in this thread , but i know the infjs will permiss it : you know you've met an ( other ) infj when ...  ... he completely and immediately understands what you mean by asking if ... ^ ^ funny , i was just thinking about this the other day . i believe this to be caused by the fact that we just think so much . for instance , if i am sitting in traffic on a bridge i will think what ... ... this happens to you : i was driving home from work last night and stopped at a grocery store . after leaving the store and while driving down the street i noticed that someone placed a ... ... you spend your entire commute contemplating if empathy truly implies sympathy , and vice-versa , and if so , to what degree ? what can i say ? i'm a morning person . :) i'd like to hear your ... ... you get a text message from your sister that says you've disappeared again , which is her way of telling me that i've been too secluded for too long . ... you get impatient waiting for someone to complete a story . afterall , you already know how it ends :) ... you pretend to be doing something in your car ; a stall tactic because you simply don't ... ... you feel like so many people are leaning on you that you're about to tip over ! anytime mom :) for me , there's nothing like the feel of the earth on my feet . my shoes are the last to go on and the first to come off . in fact , i am in my office right now with my shoes off . carpet's just not ... or ... perhaps i am encouraging the continued use of good grammar by complimenting its prevalence in this thread . : cool : ... you notice that the spelling , grammar , and content of the posts in this thread are better than those on other threads . perhaps it's just because i'm an infj and am biased :) ... you believe you've reached your limit of listening to peoples ' seemingly petty problems and walking them through to an obvious and simple solution , and you vow that you're not going to continue ... ... you wait until all the hype on a movie you want to see has passed before going to see it , just so the risk of having to sit near other people is minimized . ^ ^ quote shortened for space purposes only - i am referring to the entire quote ^ ^ no need for me to post . this says everything i was going to say . :) i am most definitely introverted . i keep things to myself until i am ready to share them with the world . i am inward-looking , philosophical , and contemplative . i enjoy the time that i get to spend ... well said vinndi . it is so nice to see that others have this so-called problem . i have a hard time understanding how most people refuse to put aside small matters in order to put others at ease . sometimes i get ... amen sister ! ... you don't find the mentalist character all that amazing since you've made the same observations and came to mostly the same conclusions as he does by the end of the episode .  ... you know it ... my boss walked into my office one day . without looking up from what i was doing , i handed her a tissue . she said how did you know that i was here for a tissue ? my ( somewhat stunned ) reply ? i ... ... when a single humble wildflower gifted with sincerity means more to you than one hundred exotic orchids presented with feigned sentiment . ... you spend 10 minutes helping an older lady find her special crackers in the grocery store and 2 hours later you still feel bad that you weren't able to find them either : sad : ... , while being admitted to the emergency room , you're worried if you're bothering the poor people who work there . weird food combos : i had a friend in school who ate mayonaise and peanut butter sandwiches ... i did it with corn flakes . surprisingly good ! hr is depleting for an infj . it wasn't my career choice . i just kind of ended up here . it's too draining . if you think counseling a small circle of close friends is tiring , try having hundreds of ... i can't watch , say , horse racing or western films for this reason . i'm always too concerned about the safety and well-being of the horses . same for the people , but more so for the innocent ... if i could thank this post a hundred times , i would ! ... you wait for your neighbor to leave before mowing your lawn , all to avoid having to converse . this is really bad for me ' cause my sister is my neighbor and i sill sometimes avoid her . ... you suffer from cefs ( chronic empathy fatigue syndrome ) lol ... you sometimes wish that you could be free to show your emotions such as your extroverted acquaintances do ... people see you ... i have this happen frequently too . only just a couple of months ago , i had a friend excitedly tell me she was pregnant . i couldn't be excited for her only because i knew she wouldn't carry to full ... nice to meet you too aizar :) it's so refreshing to lurk and occasionally post on this thread . i feel like i've finally found a home where people get where i'm coming from . i only wish i had found ... not to mention that you don't look forward to having to listen to gossip , or gods-forbid , be encouraged to engage in such activity . it feels like you've been placed in the middle of a junior-high ... i found out that this can actually be done , as long as the other person is infj as well . oh , and it's sooo nice . [ / quote ] i don't think i have ever met another infj :( amen . no one ever seems to ask how we're doing . sometimes it just gets to ya ... i had a lady in line at the grocery store tell me that i had a rare aura for my age - crystal and indigo . i never really paid much attention but when i took the test , it came out crystal ( 10 ) and ... ... you wish for conversation to be more in-depth than the drivel that usually suffices for conversation ... you yearn for someone to come along who reads you as well as you read others . ... i agree that it should be on a t-shirt . i'm headed to cafe ' press now lol i guess it's a fact to us infjs , but it's hard to convince others sometimes . you may take ten minutes out of a team's day to do something fun , but you are rewarded with a boost in productivity that ... i too am an infj hr executive and it's the most draining job i have ever had . it's a tough spot to be in when you consider yourself to be a caretaker of all of those souls . thanks infjmom and everyone else for your input . many times i can force myself to attend . i just couldn't with this one . he was well loved by many and i knew it was going to be highly emotional - ... i have a question for you fellow infjs . i have an extremely hard time forcing myself to attend events that are highly emotional . funerals , weddings , benefits , etc . part of it is that i know i will ... ... you don't want to attend bridal / baby showers because of those silly games that may make you reveal more of yourself than you'd like . ... you spend your days longing for someone who will take care of you the way you take care of others . and here i thought i was the only one who got upset at the rude way people eat . chewing with their mouths open , shoving as much food in their mouths as they can at one time , and the incessant ... ... you're driving home from work and are so engrossed in your thoughts that you didn't even realize that it began to rain . you realized only after you noticed you were wet and cold because the moon ... ... you remember that a friend that you haven't seen in years doesn't like cheese , but you can't remember what you ate for lunch yesterday . [ true story ] when you're glad you found this site because you know no one is gonna wanna get together ! '