' a slap across the face . seriously . enfjs can be such self-centered melancholics when they feel like they are not universally adored for everything they do every single moment . they need to get ... i get much more fe than fi from your description , though alot of the examples you bring up could fit most extraverted feeler ( ef ) types . feelers in general are uncomfortable with conflicts and are ... well , as feelers it would be strange for them not to be oriented towards people . being fe-dominant would make them inclined to express their judgement . that they are cocerned with how other people ... what exactly is it you assume women find unattractive about enfj men ? well , it's more difficult to point out something that is missing than something that is present . but in myself i would say that inferior ti brings out a certain stubborness in combination with ni ... as you said , it's difficult to keep up a deep discussion with alot of people at once . like teddy daniels , i prefer those discussions to be between four eyes and be fully focued on the person i am ... the line between infj and enfj can be pretty thin at times , especially when talking about healthy individuals being in their prefered environment . i was convinced i was infj for a while myself , but ... an example would be a temptation to pick on vulnerable people , when i am at my lowest . the same thing that i despise really . send me a pm if you want to discuss it further . catrabbit maybe you don't have to shut off your fe to cope , maybe you can use it , since it is your strength ? have you tried to emphasize with the person making you upset , seeing their point of view ? ... please clarify , what kind of energy are you refering to and why would a strong fe give you more of it compared to other functions ? looking for someone else to blame for one's own problems seem to be human nature , sadly . even more so if someone really listens . just remember that you are not responsible for his decisions , he alone ... personally , breaking up is not the worst part , but to see the other person disappear from my life is what i fear the most . i try to stay in touch with my past partners in some way if they are okay ... personally , i use tarot cards on occasion as a tool for introspection or meditation . each card represent aspects that are present in just about any situation and can be a great help to see things ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5zey8567bcg that is another thing that makes you so fun to be around ! : wink : welcome to perc ! i am sure you'll have a good time . : happy : welcome back ! welcome to perc , i hope you'll have a great time ! : happy : hello david and welcome to perc ! as i mentioned in your other thread , i study physical therapy and can't imagine doing another profession ! you work very intimately with your patients , often for an extended period of time , and ... i have a few intj friends as well and i greatly appreciate having them around ! they tend to be very perceptive and knowledgeable and are in general excellent at giving unbiased advice . while i ... do you feel the same about other healthcare professions ? i know nursing was mentioned at the last page and i study to become a physical therapist myself , which i've found to be very rewarding . being ... to me , looking after your appearance is about self-respect . i can increase my sense of well-being by taking care of myself , kind of giving myself a pat on the back . living as a sloth for a period of ... congratulations danny , best of luck ! :p roud : what exactly are you looking for when you look for information ? like tutorials and guides ? istj and istp has been suggested earlier and out of the two i have to say istj is more likely . i can see te-fi much stronger than ti-fe in him . he also seem to be more here and now as opposed to ... i get a strong fi from you . you seem to have a strong set of ethics and morals which you use to judge the external world with and get upset when they clash . can't really tell if you are ne or se ... esme 23 welcome to perc ! i hope it will live up to your expectations . : happy : when it comes to your friend , don't fall into the trap of typing him based on stereotypes ! there can be huge ... i would say se and fi are the two strongest functions actually . se in the following : # 2 - quickly taking action with focus on the immediate problem . # 3 - also very here and now , focus seem to be ... how is she when you talk to her otherwise and how old is she ? some people are more comfortable being lead by someone in casual conversation , especially if she likes you and gets a bit ... correct me if i am wrong now , but i think most of your points are skills and abilities whereas the cognitive functions are about how you process and value information . you could find that alot of ... honestly , i am happy if i manage to pull that off in a week . not just to the person of my affections , but to everyone i know combined ! welcome to perc ! nice of you to join us ! : happy : just curious , is there a reason for you not wanting to go to medical school , or is it just that you don't need any input on that ? in english : flowing , pure , serene , grotesque , falling , ringing . in swedish : tindra ( glisten ) , saga , klok ( wise ) , öde ( fate ) , hed ( moor ) , klinga ( ringing ) . while i usually think english is a ... it is a tough question to answer since there is so much more to a girl than her cognitive functions to make her attractive or unattractive ... i think the functions are more likely to catch my ... considering my lack of sleep , i am impressed you could interpretate anything of what i wrote ! : laughing : but yeah , i really agree with you . though i think it's easier than one would believe to get ... dulcinea i can partly recognize what you are talking about in myself at times , especially when talking to someone i don't know very well who is a bit on the shy side . it makes it so much harder to ... i am not quite following you . experience of what ? getting hurt ? i apologize if i have missed something , but i didn't think this what about seeing multiple people at the same time ? that is not ... don't count out the introverts ! most of them can be very welcoming as well ! : wink : i see where you are coming from , but isn't it really just a matter of if the glass is half empty or half full ? i can as easily say that i have never met a nice guy who didn't think he was a douche ... well , you could start looking up a few articles on the subjects you are interested in , or if you prefer , you can look up the what is my personality / enneagram forums and get help from people ... welcome to perc ! i hope your stay here will be a pleasant one ! welcome to perc ! don't put too much faith in those web based tests , sometimes they do nothing else than confuse you . as you become more familiar with the different types you'll have an easier ... welcome to perc ! be sure to tell keep us up to date on your game ! : happy : fiddleheadfern i really think you are on to something there ! like when you are sailing , you can't make the wind and weather change to enable you to follow that perfect route to your destination ... i have to agree with everyone else , some kind of limbo-esque state is really terrible . however , i do think there is a point when you feel bad enough to prefer apathy . when the negative emotions ... this exactly . i can really relate to the opinion that just dating is pointless and a waste of time , but in myself it mostly comes down to over-analyzing it . if you stop thinking about getting ... open question now , do you feel a necessity for an afterlife or a higher purpose in life ? being born through chaos or some kind of accident suggests that we have made it to where we are as a ... i would have guessed that i had a stronger ni , but the teacher subtype fitted me like a glove . the name is kind of fitting , i sometimes feel the urge to teach people to do things my way . since ... '