' pretty much . as with any type ( though some more than others , when it comes to initial compatibility ) , they just have to be mature - as a further illustration on this point , i met my intj man seven ... i'm with this guy . i also dislike banana or bananas , specifically when it is pronounced by young women with the irritating american woman standard valley girl accent that makes it sound like ... found a bucket of extremely rotten and way too far gone cilantro at work in the back . again . upon lifting said bucket to bring it down , black sludge came pouring out of the bottom and onto me , ... i go to bars occasionally , but usually only with my boyfriend and a few other folks . we like to people-watch and tend to have fun just sipping our drinks and listening in on really weird ... at first i read the title to this thread as do you like cheese , and i got really excited for a minute to be able to talk about my great love for cheese , but then i blinked and it turned into chase ... i think it really depends on the individual and background . i've been with my infp for approaching a year now and we have a wonderful , honest , loving relationship , and tons of fun - he's equally ... fall . winter is my true favorite season , as i the love cold weather and twinkling lights more than anything else on this planet ( plus hot beverages and warm snuggling ) , but fall takes the cake ... you have no idea how comforting it is to know that there are other people who are also mathematically broken . any equation that cannot be performed on ten fingers is simply out of the question ... of course it is ! someone's personality type shouldn't deter you from going after someone , i've known some s / n divided relationships that have worked out very well . i dated an istj for almost a ... i've been dating my infp man for eight months and he is the most wonderful amazing awesome super cool badass person i've ever met . i , too , assumed much about the ' wishy-washy ' stereotype that ... till we have faces , by c . s . lewis the way he wrote that broke my heart . the characters had depth , emotion ; it was dark and twisted , beautiful and poetic ; but all of them belonged together , they ... for the first time in my life , i ate a shrimp two days ago and liked it . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UahqgK60vuk jim gaffigan every day of the week . he's funny without being completely obnoxious like so many other comedians . also , lots of food jokes , because ... while i was still seeing a therapist some years ago , and struggling greatly with identity and purpose and self-worth , one afternoon she sat me down , looked at me very kindly , and said , don't worry ... my mother is an isfj , while my father is an istj . my mom understands me best , though we still have a few misfires when trying to communicate some of the reasons we do / want to do certain things or ... it's amazing you say that . when i'm playing vidjagames with my headset , everyone automatically assumes i am a young , prepubescent male or a 40 year old woman , and i can't tell you how much fun i have ... vocaroo | voice message i enjoy listening to all of these immensely . simplicity , which i find is one of the most complicated things to achieve . i would also like to make people happy - just to allow them to see that they can be happy , no matter the circumstances ... i've never gushed before . this feels odd , but i'm going to do it , and i'm probably going to like it . after seven months of enchanting romance from a most considerate and gentle , firm-willed ... my closest female friend is an isfp , and she's much the same way . she can be a roiling ocean of dark despair and torn anxiety that i feel i must occasionally help steer her through , but at the end of ... as i've stated in the past , i have a natural ability to take something simple and complicate it . so while i think infjs are surprisingly simple creatures , we just tend to take a thing and muddle it ... i'm an infj with an intp , and our relationship is rather similar to yours . my intp has been making every effort to ' clean himself up ' and set his life in order to please me ( stable job , keeping his ... give me the horrible truth every time . i don't care how much it hurts me , because i probably asked for it anyway ; but i would rather have someone's honesty than feel like i'm not worth the truth . ... oh ! um , well golly , thank you ! though i'm pretty sure that would be a bad idea because all i can picture right now is every recording devolving into analogies of birds . this looks interesting . vocaroo | voice message i am clearly excellent at first impressions . edit : dagnabbit , i'm too tired from work , i read that she was your friend instead of your cousin . derp . well , i suppose when you think about it , this will likely be the one day in her life she'll ... i've yet to find an effective way of balancing these needs ; so far the only system i have for dealing with this mental tug-of-war is a matter of exhausting myself in each extreme as necessary .  ... rly rly long post guh sorry i don't normally post in relationship threads because they can be such a sticky business , and often the person asking for help has to go through the process of trial ... when i'm alone all i can think about is other people , and when i'm around other people all i can think about is being alone . i crave the human contact , but i can't fully appreciate the contact ... nearly every istj i've ever met has given me an immediate feeling of trust and security ; if ever there is an important task that needs doing or a deep problem that needs talking about , i usually end ... not gonna lie , this will be hurting you for a while . it's easy to tell someone to just pick themselves up and move on , but actually going through it , writhing and struggling with those feelings of ... i'm kind of borderline ocd about how clean and organized my stuff needs to be , but i'm okay with a bit of mess if it's got some kind of system . you know , small-things-junk-pile , ... depending on how severe the conflict is , i can't go to bed with that whirring around unresolved in my mind . i internalize stress and anxiety to the point where it can manifest physically ( as a small ... of course it does , wouldn't this bother anyone ? on the one hand , i feel injured and angry like unico ( i've always liked your posts for some reason ; possibly because you do seem so real ) , since it ... i do . i absolutely do . even when i'm out driving around town , i'll look at people in their cars and either one of two thoughts pop up in my head : 1 ) lol what would they look like without their ... the less i like someone , the nicer i get . no idea how this manages to work out unless i am subconsciously trying to live by the keep your friends close , and your enemies closer saying , but even ... bullying , light or heavy , is still emotionally scarring and will be carried throughout the rest of your life even if you can't recognize the symptoms . you can learn to overcome them , but there will ... i was homeschooled starting in 4th grade up until i graduated high school this year . it was , frankly put , the best thing my mother ever did for me . it gave me the chance to grow on my own without ... my immune system is pretty awesome , as like kelseyt i only get sick twice a year - once in may and once in november , almost like clockwork . otherwise , i'm not typically strong . i exercise every ... only child . i'd have liked a sibling ; it was kind of lonely growing up , as i never made friends very easily ( nor did i ever have more than one at a time ) and we'd only get to do stuff together ... brown . a deep , warm , coffee brown . do you dream in color or black & white ? i've always looked exactly my age until i hit about 14 , 15 , and then time just stopped . i'm 18 right now , so i must've gotten it from my mother because she's always looked younger . look on the ... i honestly do , because every day i see more and more of society's family values going down the drain . it's all about being unattached and fancy-free to bag whoever you want , whenever you want , and ... yes . only one or two of my closest friends know of this . it's an extremely private part of who i am , because every time i've opened up about my real ' life's dream ' in the past , people have either ... as it happens , i am an incredibly safe driver , moreso than the majority of my friends and family - but my problem lies in having absolutely no navigational skills whatsoever . on the other hand , ... all the time , man . good gosh . when i find myself in a group of friends , everyone else will be chatting and laughing and generally having a good time - while i am peacefully situated on the ... seeing this thread just gave me an overwhelming sense of i am not a disaster of a human being after all . i love you guys and i don't even know you . but yeah , i'm in the same boat . i have a ... being completely and perfectly alone to sing . i'm very shy about that , so there are few things i look forward to more than having a long , quiet afternoon to myself just to warble and generally make a ... this is my first post in personalitycafe , oddly enough - i've been a lurker for several months , but only decided to join today after nearly killing my friend with a monologue along the lines of liek ... '