inspired by a recent book club thread here on the forums i thought perhaps we could unite in goodreads . having more infp friends on goodreads seems like it would help me discover more books i may ... i'll join :) breakfast : oatmeal with apple chunks , vanilla extract and cinnamon , topped with honey , ground flax and chia seeds snack : boost vanilla pudding with all bran maple cheerios . lunch : whole wheat ... susie left her home around midnight the night before the big storm . hellfire was all there was . huge flames dipping into the ocean like the nails of her birth mother . she was sworn to secrecy when ... hang on , i completed an sdi ( sexual desire inventory ) questionnaire at one point . my solitary desire score was 18/40 ( or 45 % ) - includes things like desire for masturbation , fantasy and ... ya . neil gaiman brom rene denfeld ( for the one debut novel that's so well written i want to tear my eyes out ) isaac asimov is shooting up the ranks friedrich durrenmatt for his plays pablo neruda , ... if it helps , i have no clue how it happens either . i think you just have to participate or hang out in groups for an extended period of time . you have greater chances of picking up dirt if you're ... i keep finding myself in situations where things somehow don't work out and the other person gets hurt which makes me feel awful ( maybe i'm just easy to guilt-trip .. ) . now i find myself shying away ... my stomach has been a bit upside down lately due to illness so my diet has been drastically different for the past 4 months . for some reason i really like bland food . things like salted tops and ... i like to be motivated by being left alone . ( also i understood nothing but the last line of the op so idk if my answer is relevant ) this is really good advice ! i'd brace myself for the social hell , possibly detach myself from the affected community and hope that it won't affect any of my future endeavors . just thinking about this makes me nauseous because ... about a boy ( the show not the movie ) merlin doctor who world's strictest parents ( don't ask why , the transformations always get to my mushy heart ) avatar : the last airbender and so do you like him or not ? because he already thinks you want to date him , so that ship has sailed . if you want him to stop tell him very bluntly to stop , because i don't think anything less will ... yeah , be direct , the more awkward the better . infps are one of the first to appreciate honesty ( especially honesty of feelings ) and the last to judge for feeling whatever you're feeling . if you ... alignment : lawful good - - - xxx ( 13 ) neutral good - - - xxx ( 20 ) chaotic good - - - xxx ( 15 ) lawful neutral - - xxx ( 20 ) true neutral - - - ... i usually write poetry , not fiction but there are a few short snippets i've jotted down when i felt up to it . i'll see if i can find some . here's one : sketch 3 bobby met princey on ... authenticity is huge for infps so speaking your mind would probably be both appreciated and intriguing . alongside that is being open-minded and open to discussion ; it's not about winning , it's about ... i have a love hate relationship with spiders . my primitive brain freaks out at the sight of a spider . they definitely make me uneasy and i would never purposely touch one . however i don't have the ... fi : an extensive knowledge of my internal emotional life . knowing how things feel , why i feel things , how i can navigate these feelings and what their consequences are . basically an intuitive sense ... well look at it this way . fi is all about prioritizing and sorting values based on how things make us feel . so yes , we're definitely self-centered , but that doesn't mean that those values don't serve ... you might want to focus on giving yourself all those things you'd like to have from other people . instead of striving to get other's respect and have other people care about your needs and problems , ... i have to admit , there's a lot of joy in using your ne to play around and create something with no practical purpose in mind . you're an artisanyou feel happiest when you are completely engaged ... mine are istp ( father ) and istj ( mother ) as far as i can tell i'm resurrecting this thread because i want to hear more :D i can spin pens and drumstick through my fingers , i've learned a bit of glow stringing , i've leaned to read tarot cards , i can whistle ... no type necessarily comes to mind . every type has different challenges but i believe with maturity and a willingness to make it work on both sides , any type can be a pleasant surprise . that being ... i get along with infps intjs , infjs and enfjs.intps are also fun to hang out and have conversations with but i've never had one as a close friend . i'm also sure if enfps could calm down a little , i'd ... same , although my best friend affectionately calls me a poopsicle when that happens :P you definitely should disclose your intentions . just don't overwhelm her . if she's been speaking to you over a dating site and agreed to meet in person , obviously she knew that there was a chance you ... i was actually a pretty horrible person at the time so i don't know about that .. * cracks knuckles * hold my juice box . gay bi dude loner loser goth emo i got infp i'm stuck between infj and infp there are points that are contradictory to each type though . but that's not important . he seems extremely insecure and immature . if i was in your place i'd drop the ... all in a day's work :P and usually any time someone mentions something i'm majorly procrastinating on , they just end up giving me an unnecessary dose of stress which makes me avoid the task more ... people usually make me stubborn instead of motivated . you'd have to go at it from a different angle . infps are very responsive to the personal value of something , so you have to increase the ... johannes cabal : the necromancer by jonathan l . howard it's about a guy who sold his soul to the devil in order to study necromancy but asks for it back because not having a soul is messing with ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MjlSvtivLP0 this is the ultimate melancholy song . ( i don't know if it's been mentioned already , it seems very likely ) i almost stepped on a bus to get to a meeting before deciding that i felt way too sick and turning around to go back home . : bored : no idea . they're definitely great as friends but there's a lot of variation within the intj group . i've never been in a relationship with one so idk how things would change in that situation but i ... it depends on the person ( i'm assuming you mean romantic attraction ) . if the person seems into me and i like them back , i wouldn't flirt , but i wouldn't try to hide it either . i will generally try to ... i have not read all the comments left here because i really should b studying right now , so i'll make some pointers quickly ( if you have any questions or need clarification i shall answer them later ... it wasn't a very deep friendship and i recognized in him a state of mind that i had been in quite a few times where i would lose perspective of how much the relationship really served me and try way ... i should add that i had a major depression relapse when i shut out the infj i was talking about . granted , even after i made it out of that i didn't talk to him again . it wasn't the only factor , but ... regarding that i just ended up clashing horribly with an enfp approxiamtely two days ago , i'd say that there's a huge difference between enfps and infps . i think it also has a lot to do with the ... both intjs and infps share fi , which may make it easier . in this case it would be the infp who may need to restrain themselves . but intjs have great communication skills when it counts so it eases ... interesting you should mention the age of a friendship . i find it doesn't work like that . one of the infjs that came on too strongly at one point was my sister . i find it has more to do with how ... ah , to be honest i think that was just a feeling break . infps don't really talk and feel at the same time . if they do try to express something they're feeling in the moment , it's usually with more ... hey there , a lot of the things you mention sort of anecdotal things that have been generalized to an entire personality type . first of all , infps are also said to be perfectionists about some ... you may be coming on too strong or getting attached to them too quickly . we're very perceptive of another person's attachment or dependence level towards us and it freaks us out big time . completely ...