' i've been rewatching it lately and i think those are some good guesses . here are mine : angela : infp - yes . rayanne : estp - yes . ricky : esfj - i kind of find him more outgoing than ... haha ! misspelling the name of an eastwood character . and i missed it too , until cormo pointed it out . here you go , david : and now for the good news ... entps can develop some very suave people skills . an intp ( or intj ) asking for social help , yeah , happens all too often . if you're really an entp , college will be ... of course he still is . but as we grow older we develop our weaker functions . we shouldn't expect a mature , well-rounded intp to have the same rough edges as a younger , less experienced one . and ... either he did it by now or not . he isn't debating it any more . i bumped the thread to find out what happened , how the story ended . any more advice is probably moot at this point . okay , so finish the story . what finally happened and how do you feel about it ? according to socionics , intj (= intp { ili } in socionic lingo ) is the benefactor to infp as beneficiary (= infj { eii } in socionic lingo ) . here is a simple socionics interrelations chart : ... from dave super powers ' videos : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0aetJ0JRxbw&feature=plcp the isfps are the heroes and the intjs are the villains . : wink : al swearengen from hbo's deadwood . if there was ever a television series that seemed like it was written for the male istp , this would be it . too bad they never filmed the fourth and final ... linus is intp . can you picture an istp with a security blanket ? and ... if you ever tell an istp that he needs a security blanket , well , you'd better be one hell of a sprinter ... yes , ... musashi won his first death-duel at age thirteen . and kept on dueling and kept on winning . as an intj , i've had close friendships with intps all throughout childhood , and i have a really tough ... could you draw a katana and slice apart a pebble-sized bb traveling at two hundred miles per hour ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qzhs1Z8Rwnk&feature=related it's probably trying to get some fiber in its diet . out of doors , they may eat grass to induce vomiting . indoors , there may be a supplement that can be added to the diet that may reduce this ... if it's eating flower petals , there's some problem with its diet that needs to be addressed . the cat sounds like it needs to be taken to a vet . i'd suggest making a catalogue of its abnormal ... housecats know how to be quiet . and i've never had a housecat run up to me with an erection and start humping my leg . any so-called dog that's small enough to fit inside a microwave oven deserves to be put there . set the timer for 99:99 and crank the power up to 10 . yip , yip , yip ! don't those fuckers ... let's first assume this is an alternate earth so i don't have to worry about erasing myself from existence . first of all , no to killing baby hitler . i'd take the time machine forward a bit ... poopity poop-poop oh , wow ! i get to marry an infp woman half my age ! why kind of ring do you want , my dear ? :) have you tried the rubberband strategy ? that is , pulling away from him to see if he snaps forwards towards you ? you know , maybe motivate him to step it up a little by placing yourself just a tiny bit ... hm . i wonder if harry could be an unrealistic composite type ? we find those in fiction sometimes because fictional characters don't really have psyches . harry has the academic excellence ... adding to my own list ! ensign harry kim of star trek voyager . definitely an intuitive-feeler ; his tragic romantic relationships are a recurring subplot , as is his worrying over his parents ... which spock from which episode ? which spock from which movie ? are you referring to trek movie ( 2009 ) spock or tos spock ? a fictional character with different writers and scripts may change over time ... evidence that he's a psychopath ? this is a perverse thought , but i actually sympathize , so i guess i'm no better at heart . i've often wished i had a self-sustaining base on the moon , so i could watch all the insanity that occurs ... you're college age ? sounds like you got hitched too young . end it now before there are any kids involved . exactly how i feel about spock from tos . presently tending towards intp . spock is very possessive of his personal space , but doesn't seem to have very much of a drive to control or direct others ... no . there are . that's because our psyches are not our letters , but our functions . istj vs intj is the difference of one letter . but when you look at the functions , they're hugely different : ... you know your nts , madam . :) i , too , would like one . probably out of my price range , though . there are a number of unstated premises here such that i can't really tell what you're saying or how you derived it . how did you conclude this ? what does it even mean ? are you saying ... a nation where everybody tolerates , accepts , and helps one another sounds fine to me . and nothing wrong with socialism per se ; guaranteeing everybody gets jobs , education , medical care , and ... as someone who's read the critique , put my vote down for intp . his writing seems much more like an ti process than an te process . how about adding a poll ? i don't remember the culls , i fear . sounds bad . was abortion part of the howard program ? it was long ago that i read time enough for love and the memory , admittedly , is not entirely crystal ... have you been reading robert heinlein ? this is his idea of the howard foundation as expressed in several of his novels . except that in his books it's a private foundation that funds the ... so what did you decide ? go for her ? is the psuedo-relationship based upon a mutual desire to escape the confines of teen-aged virginity moving ahead ? or something else ? i'm sorry , friend , but i don't think you understand psychopathy . there is no logical relationship between psychopathy and the other groups you mention here . we're talking about different creatures ... these two are not mutually exclusive . it is believed that psychopathy in a certain portion of the population ( estimates range from 1 % to 6 % ) is inborn . certain people develop brains with little or ... hm . we must be in an election year ... :) in other words , like the movie gattaca . which is fine imo except for the prejudice that arose against those with less than perfect genomes . well , not an infp man here . probably just reinforcing your natural intj perspective . but heregoes : traditionally , caveman pursues and cavewoman is pursued . are you a cavewoman ? is he a caveman ? ... endless arguments about house , but nobody mentions intp-superstar christina ricci ? http://www.newsinus.us/wp-content/uploads/2011/02/christina_ricci.jpg don't make me and my intj friends come ... well if you do like her then perhaps that changes it . may i suggest establishing some communication before the act ? and since she can't be expected to enter our int - world of math , science , star ... wait for someone you like . there must be somebody that you do like that you could have sex with before college . when does college start for you ? august or september ? plenty of time to find ... some i don't agree with : tony stark ( entp ) , capt . picard ( intj ) , cmdr . ryker ( estp ) , and don draper ( istj ) . i agree with beatrix kiddo being entj . also add as entjs capt . janeway of star trek ... gaaahhh ! being tall for a man is not a disadvantage . personals for men 6 ' 3 and 6 ' 4 get 60 % more responses than for men 5 ' 7 and 5 ' 8 . women love tall men . i can't make it any plainer . http://100megsfree3.com/glaw/robby/robby.jpg robbie the robot from the movie forbidden planet . he cooks , cleans and has a built in molecular replicator . every intj home should have one . ix97i can't hold on much longer ! it's okay . i've got you . i'm going to fall ! im falling ! you're not falling . i've got you . listen to me : i've got you and i'm not going to let you go ... the technology for detecting psychopaths is still in its infancy . as the relevant technology becomes more sophisticated and greater samples of studies are accumulated , science will become better at ... '