' my type is isfj , so si dom . i truly cannot choose one over the other . clearly when i listen to songs like cassius 1999 ( album version ) by cassius , it's all about the rhythm ( assuming you mean the ... # 1 definitely not . : sad : # 2 yes . # 3 sometimes . : unsure : i'm trying to acknowledge others more . it's hard . not because i don't appreciate them , but i'm very quiet and i stick to myself . so it ... i definitely can't speak for all sj's ; not even all isfj's . but i absolutely hate being pushed into doing anything . especially something that is considered wrong . : frustrating : it's such a ... i hate poverty . it bothers me to no end that some people don't have enough . i do agree with coldnobility though , that poverty is relative . a person in the united states might be considered poor , but ... good question . it's hard to tell when i've tapped into ti i think . i'd say for me the most obvious signs are when i start asking myself things like : ' what makes sense to you ? how do you feel ? ' it's ... i feel your mom's pain to some extent . my dad loves to talk about physics ( one of his favorite topics is anything concerning electricity ) . i tend to get lost immediately unless he uses some tangible , ... ha ha . it's fine . no need to inflict harm on yourself . : wink : i was just making a point . i haven't seen it , but i still feel this must be true simply because i find it highly unlikely that any movie could be as good as the hype that movie has received . let it go people . my list ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XJGFQ7O9h-M https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zNZ78c-hh1Y not as weird though as some of the previous mentions in this thread . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d2smz_1L2_0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WLsakFKlFAs https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2EwViQxSJJQ : blushed : the best answer in this whole thread . sometimes i : love_heart : the bluntness of a ti dom , lol . : cool : no offense taken . : laughing : this made me laugh . growing up as the only sensor in a family of intuitives , i've come to the conclusion that n-types do things one way and s-types another . for things to ... ^ this . i worked at a company that didn't allow employees to show tattoos . once , the district manager came in unannounced and made one of the women who worked there put on a sweater because this ... ufeffsee , this is why people assume sj's are dumb and / or aren't interested in mbti ( or intellectual topics in general ) . out of the 121 responses in this thread , only around 12 or so were from sj's even ... after going back and reading my earlier post i just wanted to say i'm sorry if i came off rude or prejudiced . i want to reiterate that i have no negative feelings toward intuitives , whatsoever . i ... , you and i are apparently the only sj's that aren't offended by our mbti descriptions , lol . seriously though , i don't think as many sj's are offended by their type descriptions as ... hehe , this got a chuckle out of me . i'd thank the op's post if i could . hi and welcome to perc . : happy : hi from across the pond , bignbashful . : wink : welcome to perc . , i love your descriptions . i resemble that part about the chestnut cream . : blushed : i figured was using socionics ( or at least something other than mbti ) for his ... the worst and most detrimental one for me has always been # 8 , but all of the ones underlined are problems to an extent . : sad : sorry to hear you're facing such a frustrating situation , bricx . i hope the writing endeavors work out for you . the way you answered my question helped a bit ; i was trying to tap into your t ... i'm in agreement with everyone else on this . you sound like intx or possibly even xntx . you sound way more like an intuitive than a sensor to me . of course your conditions are interfering a bit with ... oh yes , unfortunately . it's a problem for me and there's lots of guilt afterwards . : sad : like said , i've learned ( still learning actually ) that the best thing is to be honest but tactful ... as soon as i read your questionaire , i immediately thought : definitely an isxj . i can really relate to a lot of things you mentioned and i think it's because of the dom / inf functions . i know you ... i don't know what made me think about this thread again , but for an outstanding example ( at least in my opinion ) of an istj , check out the tv series doc martin . the titular character is like a ... you may be right about that . i wouldn't be able to say really . i just know it isn't something that interests me , lol . now some sci-fi i find interesting . but a lot of times it tends to go all ... i agree with of miracles . but i will say , as a sensor , i personally have no interest in the fantasy genre - tolkien , elves , hobbits , harry potter and all that sort of nonsense ( no offense to ... , ha ha , your plea about not deleting your post made me smile . welcome to perc . : happy : i haven't read ' s linked thread yet , but i'm sure there's a lot of great info in ... clear , blue sky . lots of sunshine . hot , hot , hit-the-beach-type-weather ( like 87 degrees f and up ) . : cool : i'm cold-natured and am usually cold throughout the year . summer is the only season i don't ... almost all of the comments in response to this article on dictionary.com made me chuckle a bit . but in response to this particular sentence in the main article – in reviewing dictionary.com ’ s ... i agree with magneto , trump , and disney . but i'd say rory williams ( pond ) on doctor who is the best protrayal of an isfj i've seen in media . hillary clinton is a pretty good estj nomination to me as ... welcome to perc , ruby . : happy : : laughing : i remember those days of blue screens and weird error messages . i don't blame poor neo . with an experience like that , i'd be wanting to switch to any os just to keep my sanity . then again , ... at first , i was skeptical about this , but i think you may be onto something . my computer is an old dell laptop that i purchased in 2009 and cannot bear to part with because 1 ) i've grown too ... okayyy ... back on topic ... hello zulnex . greetings from roughly 2,000 miles er , 3,200 kms away . welcome to perc . : happy : hi brainonthewall and welcome to perc . : happy : you scored 35 out of 100 masculine points , 66.667 out of 100 feminine points , and 58.333 out of 100 androgynous ( neutral ) points . this ... and this . : happy : hmm . these kinds of questions are always hard to answer since every isfj is an individual . but isfj's typically don't like to play games and usually take romantic relationships seriously . so if he ... aww . : sad : sorry . we're not that hard to please . really . just keep in mind all isfj's are different so you wouldn't be able to please them all . like said , just be yourself and you'll find the ... i've played more than a couple metroid games : zero mission , super metroid , prime i , fusion , other m , and some of metroid . of course everyone has their own take on which game is best , but disregarding ... i've never actually played metal gear , but i've read up a bit on some of the characters . without even having played it , i would agree with you completely on solid snake . he seems to ooze istp to me ... i don't hate entj's . they have this awesome no nonsense , take charge , cut the crap , ' i'm running this ' sort of overlord like quality . who can hate on that ? ( and i'm not just trying to butter you ... i'm not against any type pairing , but if i were , it would be dom n and dom s pairings . and for the very reason presented in this thread . i think many dom s types tend to find theoretical ... at this current moment : computer love - zapp & roger previously today : the fever - bruce springsteen say - john mayer raindrops - basement jaxx various product jingles ( coke , mentos , ... love it ! : laughing : ( actually , speaking of vgm , i think sonic 06 ' s his world is a good ixtp theme . ) hm , because an entp would be rickrolling someone , while an isfj would actually relate to ... esfp http://youtu.be/enF6F7DhTDg istj or possibly isfj male triple post double post '