' 659586 at least there was no hate in my comment . not sure if i can say the same for yours . the only person actually being intentionally racist here right now is you . telling me what to do because of the colour of my skin , treating me a particular way because i am white , assuming you know ... i actually don't think there is anything wrong in saying it , since i don't think it is a bad thing . this is basically what i've been trying to say this entire thread , but i'll repeat myself : a word ... consider my mind blown . can't speak for my bro , but i'm not . way to step up the game , bro xd that's my nigga . it all depends on the tone / intention in which you say it , but that's just like the word bitch in itself ; i had this conversation with a guy one time about calling girls bitches ( because someone was ... i've called guys bad bitch before . i think of it as the female version of guys yelling fuck yeah ! ( or whatever manly thing you'll yell ) and slapping each others ' ass before / after a football ... is this a serious question ? i thought everyone had been called that .. it's a way of telling someone you love them , right ? if not , i'll have to have a serious talk with my bitches regarding this . i have a great eye for aesthetics , everything i like is fucking gorgeous - everyone else is just blind . no , but seriously dude , this has nothing to do with type , it has to do with taste - yes , ... i don't know unless someone tells me , and of course i don't just assume that if people don't like me it is because of my tattoo . what i mean when i say people don't want to talk to me because of my ... yes i am , very much . my eyes usually fall to the guy ( or person in general ) in the room with the most tattoos . i also like having a tattoo and i am very attracted to the idea of having a lot more .  ... well you know , we can't all be aggressive rapists . first of all , this right here - definitely not cool . i don't care how blue your balls are , rape is never okay . secondly , some people tease just because they like it , others because they don't ... - address an emotional issue with a logical response - be happy when social events are cancelled - analyse people from a distance before interacting with them personally = seem like creepy ... one time at starbucks , i ordered a mango juice and the guy said he couldn't make it because he didn't have any ice ( machine was broken or whatever ) . he told me i could order whatever i wanted since ... usually if i feel like not going , i'll just say i'm not coming because i'm tired and not in the mood for social stuff . most of my friends know that means i'm having an introvert day and we always ... well , if you're going solo i guess you have to be creative . but there's no shame in having preferences . : laughing : you poor , unfortunate soul .. because i thought any hobby is better than no hobby , so if playing with the d is what floats your goat , i say fap that f * cker all you can . maybe you should get away from the keyboard / screen for a ... well , i guess any hobby is good as long as it makes you happy .. from my experience , if you start watching a tv series , you'll spiral faster : laughing : so do you have a roommate or flatmate or something ? i don't live in a dorm either , and i don't go partying either , but that is exactly why i personally need something else to do outside of school to ... nothing wrong with you , it's just a comfortable place to look at . if you are like me and dislike too intense eye contact , but still kinda feel like you should look at the person you are talking ... i am intp too , and i currently also go to uni ( studying the education of my dreams ) , and i totally feel you - shit gets hard and a small failure feels so much worse than it really is , and then you ... i think a lot of people take what i say quite wrong sometimes - they don't find me insulting , just stupid or nervous or something , when i am really not . i tend to just let them think whatever they ... call an ambulance , i feel the burn . pretty sure i would win since that bitch is cray-cray and all my niggas know it .. but anyways , i see this person every day so i don't want to make ... i am talking to myself , just not online : laughing : i know the person will probably cause a scene because this bitch is drama on legs . keeping the peace is what i have been doing for the last ... to clarify , just in case : i'm not really talking about romantic relationship , like pretending to be interested in a romantic relationship with someone , i'm talking mostly just friends / people in ... i'll take it . some people react very strongly when you stop hanging out with them , and it is these people i have the most problems with getting rid of , and ironically it is also these ... so , when i meet new people , of course i try not to judge them before i get to know them , or give them the benefit of the doubt , but sometimes this theory just backfires so hard . the problem is , being ... i didn't know such people exist .. it's not that i like being bad friend material , i just don't always see what other people need me for in their lives when they are so social and outgoing people and i'm more introverted and often ... i don't know , i feel like i'm being myself when i talk to people , but if i'm not close to them i'm not gonna go all plan for world domination on them , so i'll try to act normal / polite . thing is , ... i order in , from an online service that doesn't require human interaction . proper intp style . however , i would probably enjoy going to restaurants , or at least cafes , alone if i could get a table for ... well , i do actually have some friends , but they've seen me at my worst , so they all know . to some degree , yes this relates , as i believe my problem is that i kinda wanna be friends , i just ... i usually notice a change in my own motivation in connection to physical exercise and diet . that doesn't mean i have to be working out all day , every day and eat nothing but salad to stay happy and ... 464874 so yeah , this will sound bad to a lot of people , but i am sincerely hoping y'all fellow intps get me on this one , maybe you can even help me . i am , without exception , extremely , unfoundedly and ... stop being a whiny bitch and come hang out . i'll buy you a drink and compliment your ass all night . now , where do you wanna go ? yeah , not really that much of a shocker that i'm single .. because feelers go directly against intps ' logical approach . the j doesn't really help much either , intps are more laid back , the infj need for planning stresses us . i had a very good childhood , but my teenage years was kinda bad and probably involved some depression ( although i never went to a psychologist or had this diagnosed in any way ) . as i have gotten ... i love disney , alice in wonderland is my favorite movie , the cheshire cat is my favorite character in the movie , the quote is one of my favorites , and the black matches my soul . well , i'm still studying so i can't really say if my choice of career is right yet as i haven't started practicing , but at least for now i still feel good about my choice . i also often experience ... lying , mostly in the form of cheating , but generally all types of lies and misusing my trust would hurt me the most . trust is the last thing i will give a person in a relationship , and only after a ... black , like my soul . i prefer the darkness . not going into too much detail , these are my initial thoughts : a ) beware of the extrovert-mask ( some introverts act extroverted to fit in , this takes a lot of energy and can make her feel less ... you need to hang out with other people more you're so weird ( in a ' what the actual fuck is wrong with you , you freak ? ! ' kinda way ) you're so weird ( in a ' that was so offensive , but so funny ... some things shouldn't be shared publicly . you seem pretty confident those words won't be needed for other purposes . you better be right . i will have no problem punishing you twice .. your lack of trust should be punished . it will be my pleasure to make sure it is . we all have rape fantasies . what's the point of getting fucked if there is no surprises ? serious panty dropper . a sexy vanilla : wink : marry me . your mind is twisted . and sexy . '