' i never had crippling social anxiety but i still struggle with putting myself out there . i would recommend exposure in small amounts . that is the only way i have learned to resolve any form of ... the way i see it is for those of a creative mind that spirals into different dimensions and interests it is important to pick one and focus on it predominantly if it is a better option than just ... the more knowledge i acquire the more i get a feeling that i am inching ever closer to a distant star of breakthrough and knowledge about the world and humanity . a wandering mind is what prohibits ... by my experience meditation is consciously mediating your thought processes in order to tap into your unconscious mind . hypnosis is utilizing another person and / or directive to lull the conscious ... i've had a long time ruminating about this throughout my life . more recently to try and come to grips with certain things that have happened in my life especially the fact that a large part of my ... most of the break away groups that have embraced the republican party are only primarily doing so because they see it as the only one willing to defend freedom of speech . which is sadly true to quite ... some thinkers out there have pointed out that many men nowadays are more in touch with their feminine nature and many women have inculcated more traditionally masculine characteristics into their ... he sounds like a complete jerk . be glad you got rid of him he seems to have had no empathy and care for your feelings and add the fact that he moved on so fast . an infj door slam at least in my ... depends on the guy . personality types are just the way in which we interpret the world . our individual experiences and life environments are factors that can be independent to it . personally i am ... last time i checked i exist . i have a very complicated past with religion and i now consider myself atheistic but i certainly don't delude myself into thinking i know everything that is to know ... i've given the concept of soul mates a long thought for a number of years . i find it quite a futile endeavor to hold onto such idealistic expectations in life as fleeting as it is . we as humans ... embryonically the sense of touch via skin is the first to develop in humans . it is ok to say no especially if you are truly aren't able to do something . being completely agreeable and ... the fact that they can peer through my tough exterior and glean my true self far more accurately than most people . their natural empathy is quite captivating . i can enjoy both an intellectually ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BjwZ_9n4DVE&list=PLpEQbOqtlvr4Di9FWBMOjOENf6ib-3M9m&index=22 i realize now that all the forgiveness i have had for all the hurt in the past is merely me deluding myself in forgetting about the incidents in question . especially since the people who did the ... so in figuring out this life thing out i realized that i have built myself up to be an ever functioning machine to be at peak possible efficiency . taking a break is actually severely detrimental ... something broke . something broke and its not fixing itself like it used to . i always got by just existing and pushing forward . it troubled me that i don't remember certain parts of my life because ... bleh ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RIZdjT1472Y heal broken wounds of forgotten pains mend violent thoughts of thoughtless gains this ever languishing sorrow of unbroken end shapes the land and sticks it's flag in the carcass of death long ... dear people who i have cared for for the entirety of my life , you are all assuredly on a path of self destruction . my cries of worry fall on deaf ears . my thoughts of concern are punished and my ... shrooms moons balloons cartoons cacophony choreography catacomb i think each and every country is out to secure the most resources and ensure that they are sitting on top of the seats of power and influence . if there was a unified force governing the world ... ask all 5 of them out : wink : ah medieval weaponry is one of my many favorite topics . catching a wizard unaware would definitely be possible . the same is true when witches and wizards in the harry potter world catch each ... i feel like i'm fighting way too many battles at once . everything is teetering on the balance of maintaining peace in some while trying to fight one at a time . ( right now family and social life are ... this is the same thing i have to deal with . they have rationalized and warped their thinking to fit their version of reality so any injunction against it is considered a personal attack and that's ... exactly . normal people don't blame other people or other instances and compare and contrast against each other and seek to plant themselves atop the other . in my case it devolves into emotions ... they would fail horribly . even semi competent witches and wizards are able to enable anti muggle spells and incantations to their surroundings and being . no doubt voldy had far more gruesome and ... my situation jargo . read if interested . i have the opposite problem . calm purely logical discussion with no emotional understanding or content . personally i find both forms are equally bad since ... for the past two years i've been trying to get as fit as possible . i started out back in mid 2015 at around 230 lbs . mostly fat and not a lot of muscle . over most of 2016 and into this year i ... just had something close to a panic attack because one of my many deficiencies came to light in excruciating detail . i've always had trouble with memory recall . beyond just childhood even i can ... just as a counter point to the regional differences people have brought up , as a consumer of large amounts of british and american humor i think dark / morbid humor is found in both . for example i ... you're welcome =) there are a whole lot of them on youtube . if you just search for carl jung audiobooks you get a few more results . they should have used a trebuchet . sacrifice some for the counter balance but overall gain a heavier payload . xd it definitely can get pretty dark . i think it's just a pattern common with those ... how do you feel about audiobooks ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lViOY9wIDBQ&t oh is that it ? i have little to no experience with extp's . good to know that's the case . poor guy , now i feel bad cause he probably is annoyed with a mix of guilt for what possibly transpired . that would be the more tamer option . still the phrasing seems particularly odd for someone who unwillingly got maced . don't mind me though , i always enjoy speculating in some of the more extreme ... an infpvasion ! : shocked : man the fe cannons ! : exterminate : sounds like your boss got lucky but is now regretting it for health reasons . : laughing : as much as i like to give astrology a wide berth because of its inconsistencies i got curious and started reading my descriptions today after not looking at them for a long time . i was quite ... back when i was younger i used to . had a couple of life changing experiences though that opened my eyes to just how gray the world is . you need to just learn to take the good with the bad . at ... why does this life thing have to be so hard ? escapism is so alluring when things get tough but i tend to get going and keep at it to get where i need to . though still not the level that i want to ... let's start with the jackhammer and work down from there . i'm glad it is . i wouldn't want to waste my energy otherwise . ah so many lessons to teach . that depends on how much time you have and what tools we have available . ;) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=euxXBvdrzxQ oh of course . i have noticed that she garners quite a bit of favorability . and she and i have had many an intellectually stimulating discussion across many different sub forums . i have yet to ... i wonder if i possess any kryptonite then . : wink : i'm glad you figured that one out . i wonder how successful you would be in breaching the others . recondite obscure mysterious unknowing shadowy indubitably . unfortunately for you my dear my onion like layering has taken a step forward in the evolutionary chain and is more akin to the properties of steel . how pray tell would one ... '