' x93i feel like someone breathed new air into my lungs . i am not abnegation . i am not dauntless . i am divergent . x94 ― veronica roth , divergent for those who have yet to see the first and second ... 96 pages later of arguing about personalities xd considering how emotional and studied hermione is , it'd make sense that she's fe-ni . harry potter seems to be more of a dreamer than an se . infp ... i used to think it was the ghost is clear instead of the coast is clear . whoever replies to this is a complete douche . healthy 1 ) :D 2 ) :) 3 :] average 4 ) :| 5 ) : 6 ) > : unhealthy 7 ) :( i hugged a squirrel once . hi , i'm * name * . and i'm really popular . did you know that they're finding make-believe to be a key development in the brain ? proof infp's are more developed ! ! : tongue : everyone , come and see how good i look ! when i don't understand something fully , i party . it gets my mind off of it , instead of overanalyzing it until i become obsessed . is this funny to you ? 87595 when someone truly understands you , it's like a breath of fresh air . i like understanding you :) i hate this thread and every person on it . why did this thread even get relatively big ? just criticizing you . it is subjective . it's like if you were to say that infp's are illogically emotional . it's just a jab , not reality for all infp's . although you'd think that an entp's fe ... peach cobbler recipe : paula deen : recipes : food network baking peach cobbler > emotional solution you , entp just admitted your weakness of over rating yourself . when will you come to terms with being good at being a heartless bastard ? whatever you do , don't get distracted with this ! ... i just don't think you know how this works . or you suck at insulting . probably both . don't you have somewhere else to be ? i don't know , maybe breaking a little kid's toy , just to find out what ... haha , right ? documentaries , lumosity and lasers bro . and the squeeze box . i just searched google for epigallocatechin gallate . long story . kinda worried about my desire to know everything : rolleyes : i feel like an intp sometimes . esfp your post rank says , respected . well , i don't respect you . go get drunk or cuddle a puppy . i was too busy reading your immature omg post . plus , i'm surprised you could stay on track enough to remember that . bro , his shirt literally has infj written on it . not that you have a heart anyway . i'm surprised at my lumosity scores ! ! wait , what ? entp , your shirt has infj written all over it ... literally . yes , but you did say it would be epic :p roud : wait , i'm sorry , you actually took time away from your 13 pets and eating to post that ? naw , i already did that this morning . i'm actually surprised you're here , entp . last i heard , you were in egypt and something about world destruction and impending doom . i used to be irrationally ... i'm not sure you could put your mind to ordering kleenex , since there are so many oo shiny things around you . your logic is flawed . first you say , i don't start offending fi-doms ... then you say , their butthurt attitudes are a pain in the ass to deal with . you , estp just contradicted yourself * shame * ... intp , why don't you work on not being abrasive to everyone and spend time with the son you gave up because you couldn't love him ! hey estp , go be fake with people elsewhere to get them to like you ! you flakey bastard ! not sure this game is okay with my fi :P 3,100 views and only 100 replies ? :) . 03 % reply . are we that introverted ? if you decide not to feel the negative things that are happening right now , you won't be able to feel the positive things ! ! as this seems negative , it's for sure for a positive ending : feel the ... wait ... you're all just talking about me , right ? i was going to post a problem that i was having . then i thought , ta hell with it . and posted this . deeds ... wha ? deers i'm proud to say that i'm the first person that thanked you . score . * inserts emotional statement replying to someone else's emotional statement .. about emotion * true talent is best expressed by hitting a pinata blindfolded . this photo is so stupid i cringe with distaste , 87368 * debates the idea .. the enfj's i know are awesome ... * some bold infp ! take her up on it ! hahaha props ! props ! i hate new possibilities . rainy mood is for losers who are too emotional . i don't think there's anything more boring than documentaries . preys that's what people seem to say .. i haven't seen too much gooey insides from them . maybe i haven't been fortunate enough . on another note ! people , check this out ...  ... my brother is an entp for sure . i don't mean to generalize . it was more for humor's sake than me actually being frustrated or angry about it ! growing up with an entp and knowing other entp's , ... honestly , i'd ask you two questions . 1 ) are you for sure an infp ? 2 ) how emotionally healthy are you ? emotional health is very hard to come by , but being unhealthy can lead to lack of feeling . if fi ... although feelings can be disrespected by some personalities * cough * * intp * * cough * * entp * * cough * , they can lead to a very healthy view of life , and the world . instead of being able to ignore our ... lumosity is awesome . i'm tired of being a newbie on this site . portuguese is a hard language to learn . 87053 ^ this is hilarious . if you've loved her since you were ten , you've probably love her for a ... year now ? : tongue : i have been noticing that , in fact , the infp forums tend to dwell on problems . this is my attempt to show the positive side of fi ! follow my lead , i am currently connecting with more and more ... intj's hidden narcissism ticks me off every now and then . esfp's lack of dreaming is frustrating . enfj's manipulation really gets to me . no least favorite , no favorite . istp's are awesome , ... '