' yes , the renaissance was great because people were more undividualistic / different , and they were so because they operated from their true selfs instead of just their tiny ass mbti personalities . ... you're welcome , glad you understood the message . never take a footstep outside the comfort zone of reason , or you may end up catching glimpses of the unconscious . keep imagining beings of light is ... no , i am not trolling lol ! i may talk like a troll , but i am no troll . seriously , i honestly believe this ( not that i'm not a troll but my op , jesus : confused :) have you ever considered the possibility that perhaps you're the one who is projecting ? you're projecting that i am projecting to avoid actually considering the topic at hand ( as his ideas are ... this is ridiculous . i am not trolling , although it may come across as such . you obviously disagree , but i am not projecting . how can i be projecting when i'm not targeting anyone individually ? anger is a natural emotion . the suppression of anger is what's ... look , i do not mean to imply that individuated mbti types actually suffer from a psychological mental illness , imbalanced is the better word that describes my sentiments , yet i personally do ... my reasons are irrelevant . the information is what matters . i'm not hoping to get anything out of this thread , just throwing out thoughts . that's what internet forums are for , aren't they , or must ... ofcourse it's not as simple . it's a completely generalized picture , although it's common sense to understand that dualistically opposite cognitive functions also most likely end up using ... you prove my point exactly . no , i do not want to debate you , or even anyone else for that matter . debating is a thinking / yang bias . absolutely pointless , completely pointless to be exact ! you didn't ... you're welcome . i pretty much disagree . i disagree that it is a bad theory . ok , shake hands ? you don't even realise your thinking judgement is an opinion , not an objective fact . that's what all you istj's and pretty ... believe what you want . i'm not even giving another theory . i'm simply saying that personalities are flawed things / distortions , not healthy things . the mbti is the perfect cult . you can't ... do you realize how you sound just like a religious person ? why don't you just leave us alone ? maybe i got sucked in by the cult too , and i feel manipulated , that's why . just thought you should ... there is no such thing as a positive personality . all personalities are on a downward spiral : too much feeling and you'll become an unquestioning / irrational fool . too much thinking and you'll ... i'm sorry that you rejected your left-brain and possibly a part of your neocortex . must have had some traumatic experience somewhere in your youth or maybe some underlying insecurity that hinders ... c'mon , it's obvious you are all cult acolytes suffering from the forer effect + cognitive dissonance : another blog post worth reading : myers-briggs is pure nonsense | uncle guido's facts politics is that way --> i totally 100 % disagree . you would see a vast increase in individuality , not decrease , since people would then be using all of the functions , not just 2 . individuated mbti types are the real ones who ... you can call it ' preferences ' for all i care , it's the same concept expressed in a more soft undertone . if you have preference for thinking over feeling , it means that your thinking is dominating ... look around you , how many healthy / balanced people do you see ? and how do you know that the remaining few healthy people are actually operating on a single / dual cognitive function ( s ) instead of just a ... i still have doubts about my type aswell , which i have because i'm not a goddam type . i have doubts because it's 84841 expertise / professional advancement = = = compartmentalization . they go hand in hand . i am completely opposed to this version / vision of society , it's inhumane and alien . it's a dystopia filled with ... sure , wikipedia . also , do you have any evidence supporting the typology theory ? before an mbti professional jumps debunking my idea with the argument that all people start out with one / two cognitive function ( s ) in their infancy and only develop a balance later on in life , i ... that's the point , it's not healthy to be just a puzzle piece . it makes other puzzle pieces dependant on you and you on them . it's the definition of compartmentalization ( everyone becomes an expert in ... that's bullshit pulled straight out of lenore thomson's arse . anyway , you're missing the point , since even in his model , you'd still be severely brain imbalanced if you fit well within a type . you know what i'm saying , you're only an infj because you're biased towards introverted intuition , followed by feeling . by definition , this makes you imbalanced on the sensing , extraversion and ... it's the definition of mental imbalance and ego . thinking is an overactive left brain hemisphere and underactive right brain hemisphere . feeling is an overactive right brain hemisphere and ... haha , i agree . ps : do you know how much your avatar looks like trevor philips from gta v ? cmon , who butters their toasts , honestly ... also , i don't mean to question your judgement or anything , but are you sure he's not enfj ? i can't really see enfp's being fluffy since our f is ... i knew she was either infj or isfj ( introverted fe users ) . my best friend was an infj too , i've found out that the enfp is the doormat in these relationships . i don't know why , but when you frickle ... i'm finding johnny depp the most obvious famous ne user . but i'm pretty sure he's more entp than enfp . yes , i also view enfp women as more alpha than most other types , but only because you're generally the more feminine women ( which goes hand in hand with the ( e ) nf temperament ) , not ... i don't care about sports either ( atleast following / watching them , playing them i like ! ) . i generally thought that this was our n coming in the picture . i can't imagine an n-dominant ... no , you're just another one of them immature entp's who are extremely good at overestimating their potential . entp's are never world dominators simply because of your p . leadership is out of the ... because you're a pushover . bullies only bully pushovers . you can stop being a pushover by building self-esteem . working out / exercise does wonders for your self-esteem . that's simple . just ask him directly on a date . not speaking for all enfp males here but i personally do not really care about the foreplay . i like afterplay more than foreplay . probing his brain ... i don't know about you guys , but i generally feel a big difference between female enfp's and us male enfp's . i know enfp's don't use fe , but anyhow i generally sense more of this in the enfp woman ... salesmanship is not a career for an enfp . although we're quite capable of it , it is a crappy environment for fi . you'll mainly be indulging in ne / te loops , and your fi will be totally ignored . i've ... still no replies to post #46-47 ? i need answers damnit ! is it possible that there are actually 32 types , based on the idea that the secondary function can be either the opposite attitude ( e / i ) as ... ok , i believe you :p i do the same thing often too ( screwing up little details ) . must be an ne thing ( or the lack of si thereof ) ! you mean you have ne , since entp's don't have ni ? not saying you're not an entp , but you could also be infj . ne ( enxp ) usually keeps on expanding , constantly generating more and more ... i also think this was a good post : http://personalitycafe.com/articles/25205-dominant-tertiary-loops-common-personality-disorders.html explaining how dominant / tertiary loops may lead to ... in continuation of that other post with the pictures ( page 4 ) , i've found another possibility ( notice the purple markings ): 83806 notice the green and purple markings . if the function lines ... deleted double well , i don't want to beat you t's actually , but i'm not gonna back down either . just want my place that's all . the lonely part doesn't sound too good but i can't see it being lonelier than ... well , if it came from jung or not it was still a faulty / incomplete picture . and also that second picture doesn't mean anything either , since there are no i / e dimensions drawn / mentioned there . it only ... that picture is awesome because it takes into account the concept of yin / yang . i guess it describes the intj ( ni -> te -> fi -> se ) . yet it seems contradictory to jung's drawing circle which you ... '