' i'm dreaming ! i could kill someone , and it wouldn't even matter ! i can also eat all the damn burgers i want ! yeeeaaa . i can control my surroundings sometimes , too , as long as i realize ... hahaha i love that about myself . good stuff , haha . thanks ! that's actually what i was trying to say , haha . i thought it was implied by my last statement . what kind of music and poetry do ya do , joseph ? sounds simple , yeah . i guess one of my concerns is seeming like i don't care about the people . i do pretty well with individuals though , more often . i guess i do just gotta put myself out there , ... well , i got into acting when i was little , and it was just fun , and now i still have fun ... the point isn't to not be yourself . i like the people for the most part , i've kinda gotten attached certain ... the doctor lies ! ! ! :P well i'm a theatre kid . and an actor , not a techie ! i can make chemistry onstage pretty well , ya know ? soul is in ... buttocks ? no , no . funny bone ! ( buh dum crash ) thanks ! :) when i'm alone though , i burn for some other stimulation . i have met people who allow me to be more myself than even i do , when i'm alone , because ... because * sigh * they validate the ... i wouldn't say cupcake , but rather ' not a bland overcooked muffin . ' stimuli-companionship . that's the best . the . best . i should have prepared a script ! hmm hmm ... yes , sounds doable . i try to act like myself in groups , but it's like ... the waves emitting from each person obstruct the natural direction of mine ... which bends them and makes them erk ... ohhh ... i thought you meant sell it around like ... at a party . for beer or something . is there a way to have it transferred to another human ? also does it need any sort of special packaging , to satan ... wait ... how do i sell it ? what's the currency for that ? party tricks ? tattoos ... i stamped my arm with a copy stamp at work ... i could say i'm going to be cloned ... oh golly . this is alot to digest ! ... i come off pretty stale sometimes . i don't wanna be stale . i want some good ol ' fashioned social activity . i just don't find it easy to get close with many folks . maybe , if i were to throw a little ... don't look at her . don't talk to her . don't acknowledge her . or hold her , so you don't have to look at eachother . i'm an intp , and i have that problem with my sj friends . when every time i think about an interaction i had with them , i make some weird disgruntled sound to inconspicuously confront myself in reproach . ( mostly because i'm embarrassed about how i acted ) i don't really ... sorry . when i make decisions about myself , i want to socialize to test them . i do , but i need a new hack . i could burn my posterior and not be as hurt as a few small , nuanced things that just really disturb me subconsciously . when it happens , something in the left side of my ... mostly always out of some form of frustration . if something is painful , it's probably because it's frustrating in many conflicting ways . frustration is like , my main negative emotion . oh man , i hate the ti / si spiral . last time i cried was because of that , last night - . - , except i don't have the excuse that i was drunk . i was thinking about my damn mistakes too , trying to sensibly ... that's exactly how i feel about most psychological quotes , they blow . i like action movies , because nobody's ever stuck in a rut . it's like bam . i hate signatures too , hate signing them especially . then what's going on when we dream ? i haven't been able to write to my satisfaction for almost a year . once , i liked bomb engineering on facebook as a tribute to a post that i didn't like . 1 . pathological liars . i've know 4 of them closely . suddenly , many people have been to mars , and i've paid respects to empty graves . 2 . emotionally frail people , i must agree . 3 . people who get ... i used to write a lot , but i guess i've just been constipated lately . plus , like someone else on here said , i get so used to an idea that it no longer holds any appeal to me at all . but yes , it has gotten much , much , worse through both experience and time . got off topic there . generally , i am a social basketcase . have always been , to different degrees , but only been much aware of it recently . i often feel as though i am undergoing some form of psychosis because i just do ... dream interpretation is great . i've dabbled in it a little bit ; i enjoy thinking about my dreams . my dream last night was this : i had to solve a mystery for my friend , whose grandma had ... i have very minimal self control with sugar consumption myself . i don't understand it when people turn down candy and stuff , saying they don't have much of a sweet tooth . mm , that's true . hahah . :) when i give a flawless guilt-trip , have an epic comeback , or basically just verbally kick some ass , i call it , pulling an enfj . but i hate to opposed by one of you . my dads an enfj ... i just stay ... my dad always tells me i'm an extravert . but my mom had to pay me a candy bar to go socialize for 20 minutes the other night , so ... hmm . well that makes me sound like a fat loser . anyway , haha ... i was at a bible study once , and this girl was like , pouring her heart out about her body image issues , when i spaced out and started remembering an awkwardly funny conversation with a boy about how ... never , at all . i'm the little quiet bunny fluff in the group . probably the person looking most easy to get away with things with , because i'm so chill and often let others have their way , and i'm not ... my brothre wants a big family . :/ no epic line-ending for me . someone once told me i should be an exotic dancer though ... hahahaha . i am ... :) they may be unsuccessful bringing me out of my shell ... but if they play their cards right , they can come in ... ( twss ) mm , yes ! i agree entirely , though i hadn't really thought much about it before . :) haha . that's awesome . if you're looking for wise , probably college . but i've had this whimsey for awhile , to save up for a trailer , buy a dog , and hit the road for awhile . just to travel and see what's out there . get ... i like wrinkled sheets of paper better than crisp sheets for a few reasons . 1 . the texture . it's interesting and feels more durable , somehow . 2 . if i crinkle it up before i write , i won't have to ... i don't retain information well . i don't understand things . i speculate that perhaps my brain is under-developed . i try to learn , but it doesn't really lend me any information ; i just end up feeling ... last night , i was ... strongly disturbed . very uncomfortable . having subconscious internal battles that i couldn't pinpoint or make sense of . many of them simultaneously . so i cried . and the first ... '