' primeval i know a thing or too about c + + xd garee yeah . we grew up learning filipino and english . english is sometimes a determinant of a social class . it's just that i'm more interested in a foreign language . wamphyrithrall currently checking the sites you offered . i'll get back on you as soon as i get my results . imo , i think for entps or someone who thinks like me , a class would be a compulsory . i'm ... wamphyrithrall i'm now thinking what language will have the biggest importance in the near future . a language that could be an asset for me . i'm now kinda leaning to spanish despite having learning a ... wamphyrithrall i do this to kill some time . a book sparked my interest in learning this language . although , i read it in english haha . i've learned a thing or two with an app . but yeah , being ... thanks ! i was having a hard time with listening to the tutorial . although i have giving me some insight , it's still kinda hard . mind if ask you to lend me a hand ? i migt ... hey is there any native swedish here ? is the sole difference of glass ( ice cream ) and glas ( glass ) the prolonged sound of s ? thanks ! i've decided i'll ask draculaoverlord to teach me a new language . shall my attention get caught by some languages i find fascinating , you guys wouldn't mind lending me hand , right ? thanks ! draculaoverlord i have this habit of setting the bar high . has its ups and downs but would go with it anyway . shall we learn swedish the day after tomorrow ? will look forward learning with you :D rala nihonggo is kinda interesting . i'm quite fond of anime and manga so it kinda sparked my interest . tbh , anything will do . the only problem i had encounter so far ( i tried watching french language ... rala oohhh . damn i have to weigh things out now . will it be hard to learn these two languages at the same time ? are their roots too far from each other to show any resemblance ? oh . for a second , i thought you're a native speaker . i'll try searching stuff up but i'm gonna start from scratch . might as well expect to be bombarded with loads of questions . thanks in advance ! draculaoverlord you won't mind acting as my tutor then ? haha royolis i did have some nihonggo lessons from schools . but i wasn't paying much attention to that class though . ( regrets ) draculaoverlord was actually interested in this language at some point . i've ... adultchildofalieninvaders i was actually thinking of that too ! our language borrowed some words from the spanish making it easier to learn . now , would somebody with a good heart help me out ? ... theepicpolymath i'm gonna research a bit . but are you willing to be my tutor for free ? haha i don't even know if this has something to do with this forum but i'll give it a shot . i'm having my summer vacation and i'm pretty much waste my time lying on my bed or surfing the net . so i asked ... i'll take note of that . hahaha the more varied your interests , the less a chance that you'll find anybody that has the exact same interests and energy levels .. ladies and gentlemen , my problem in a nutshell . i always see people ... hey . i'm back with my problems . as the title suggests , i'm an entp and kinda struggling dealing with other people . i'm outgoing and will be eager to do anything i find interesting . people find it ... i think i kinda feel good i'm not the only one having the problem hahaha simpson 17866 hahahaha . emberfly thanks ! i got interpersonal i know entps tend to jump from an idea to another . this habit ours tend to look as if we're not really giving off our fullest efforts . right now , i'm actively participating in different sorts of ... clyme nah . it's fine ^ ^ ^ maybe because i don't going to be pregnant . but i always though having children is fun . in other hand , that dream would make me think twice =) ) ^ this guy know his stuff . most people tend to mixed those two . immortality means you won't grow old or die of any natural process . hahaha hello there . i'm a sending you a pm right now ! ^ ^ nix 1 damn . must not trust anyone . i think there's a movie with the same theme . i just can't remember it . stultum great to hear . that i'm not the only one . high five bro ! i just thought that living in a world with a setting with the likes of game of throne's would be freaking bad . you have to bid courtesies to other people just because you're a low born . that's some ... nix 1 do you look like some freak of natures or do you have the same physique with us humans ? hannahdonot with regards to dat ne-fe loop . the link doesn't work so i hope to find some good materials via google . thanks for the info ! could you elaborate this please ? there are times when i can grasp a person's feeling by just looking . although , i sometimes , blurted out things that might hurt other people without second thought . ( i ... yo is it normal for entps , ( or even for nts in this matter ) to be a little elitist ? i've always found myself looking at people like they're in a lower rank or division . i just discovered this ... nix 1 guess that was a smart move then . mind if you enlighten me of your planet ? lol haha . bishop come on now . there's nothing to be shy of . haha you know what , i've always wondered how people feel when they go to college . your country is known to have students who lives in dormitories . in my country , more often than not we still live with our ... this is kinda boring i agree . well , i guess my charm doesn't work over the net . haha . see ya deadmanrising hahaha didn't notice that mistake ' til you pointed it out . making people laugh is what i meant . does that mean i should raise the stake ? series 0 well , i'm from the philippines . the former option would be my answer . i was just curious to how other people's lives go on . it's always my dream to go somewhere abroad . tanstaafl 28 hey ! where are you from ? deity woah . i never had that kind of money in possession , well yet . hohohoho . deadmanrising i can lend you some books . though the collection still a small one . i'm good at making people or so i believe . haha i've always wondered what is to have a foreigner friend . would somebody here be kind to be my peer ? hahaha ( even aliens are welcome as well ) what mental disorders do what types are prone to have ? did i phrase that right ? haha . thanks for answering just got a little curious about this topic . oh thanks ! i'll check the link . what's the name of the character that represents entp ? thanks ! your neurodiverse ( aspie ) score : 89 of 200 your neurotypical ( non-autistic ) score : 123 of 200 you seem to have both neurodiverse and neurotypical traits entp here . i think have this need to ... ^ damn . that's a hard life . it's a good thing is not really that bad . i think i'll get by alone . '