all the confirmed intjs i've encountered have been online , and on here . i have suspicions of one school friend , but that was long ago and he was a mixed blessing . i think it's safe to assume that , ... well , i really don't know what to say ? i let it slip that today was my birthday and i get all this . i'm not quite sure what do with a thread crammed with all these ladies . i'm sure they're nice and ... now now ! i will not stand for this ! bondi is not the only place where people beat each other up , and it's not like australia day is the only day this country has for practicing such barbaric customs . i can get along fine with women if it's in a professional capacity , and have found in general i prefer to work in small teams with females rather than males as there is less likelihood of ... hazel , nothing interesting . i once had a friend say my eyes were ' orange , burning with honour ' , although i suspect she was just an enfp being poetic . what i always found interesting about my eyes ... i'm auburn too , although i've been apparently greying since my mid-twenties . aside from one night i sprayed black in my hair to portray hitler at school , indonesian bryll cream which can darken one's ... i felt the same way the first time hemoglobin did one for me recently . it seemed to identify goals i have in mind , issues in my life , and how i approached them . okay , i've gone and done my details according to my date and birth time . i've also gone and crossed out those pasts that are essentially erroneous rising sign is in 11 degrees capricorn you are ... i have an upcoming birthday too , and my mother was hassling me about what i wanted for it , and was saying that she still hadn't gotten me anything for my 30th . i never cared for birthdays , couldn't ... yeah .. i have no idea where they'd get that idea * hands a round of magners out to all the elder-folk * sometimes i wonder why i needlessly cut myself with shards from the past . i was doing a trawl through my old school on facebook , and saw a few names that rang bells . one in particular was of a guy ... like others on here , i hide behind others whenever possible . my wedding day was pure hell for the fact that i had to get photographed so many times and i have a issues with my appearance . i recall ... avatar : i change them , but at present i have a stylised ' celtic eagle ' based on my predominantly celtic heritage and that the eagle seems to be my spirit animal based on a few experiences in my late ... that prayer may be a little more specific , pseudo , but it's not less important . : laughing : i'm sorry isis , but your list was just too good to ignore . i've cherry-picked the pertinent ones for myself 1 . people are annoying 2 . it's hard to get enough alone time 3 . working for illogical ... i currently have two books riding around in my satchel ; i've found it hard to get the time i need to focus on it , as i've tried reading it at work , but you're right in that it seems to work . ... i'm uncertain whether i buy the ' old soul ' business , despite an ex-girlfriend telling me as much . i do however subscribe to being an old man , from having a serious thing for the rat pack , enjoying ... - we've made connections in our head and given the answer without necessarily explaining our thought processes . it may seem like we're pulling things out of mid-air , but that's just an outsider's ... i second this motion , and add that we also have a chinese - or javanese-style noodle cart . doubtful at best , as i'm a saggitarius . i'll read their basic description and screw my nose up . my brother is also a saggitarius ( 1 week shy of being a year younger than me ) and he's and esfp and a ... thank you everyone for sharing . this has been interesting reading . my sister , who has long-term clinical depression , has expressed her concerns recently about my depression . i've never been diagnosed ... i should note that these are things that just piss off this particular intj . * inconsiderate motorists who hurl abuse at me when i'm out on my bike , erroneously believing that they pay for the ... * warning ! * asian pop music warning music below ... when i went to indonesia on exchange at the tender age of 15 , this was one of the first songs i heard . it started a knack i discovered for ... * gibbs-slaps pseudosenator * you're young . young people as a general rule seem to think they'll do everything only once . speaking with a good decade and a half on you , and a bitterness that does no ... i hung off on posting in here for a while so i could just cut-and-post from various other people's lists . babylon 5 star trek castle dirty jobs mythbusters firely jericho west wing i worry very much what people think of me ... even people i don't kno .. wait ! who left this thing on ? * sarcasm mode : off * seriously though , i don't care much either way , but when my ... it would also seem i'm the cocktail bartender ... * mumbles something about being out of all the essential ingredients to make a martini ... and no , vodka will not be used as a substitute for my own ... i don't think this is a sin that only the gop is guilty of . most modern politicians of all stripes and from numerous countries seem to be slaves to the fickle master that is public opinion . i'm not sure i'd want to outsource my homework to india , even mathematics , as it's liable to numerous references to lakh and crore . listening to broadcast from an outfit as official as all india ... you shouldn't see it so much as a versus situation , but one where you approch things from different angles . if things are running relatively smoothly and you don't completely rubbish each other , and ... i would have said the same thing , and whilst many intjs claim to be atheists , there is a definately spiritual bent to us . that isn't to say others don't have these tendencies , but original post asks ... yes , i have , even by other intjs at times . ( you know who you are ) i don't let it phase me too much , as i understand someone has to be concerned about things . i haven't heard of it , but it's nice to know i'm the first visitor there who has made those observations about the place and it's politics . unfortunately we're seeing a similar move in politics here ... a fair question . i'm australian , residing in brisbane ( not the one in california ) , but have an american spouse . - people who think fox news provides ' fair and balanced ' reporting . - people who think that mainstream us media outlets are ' liberal ' . - people who think that us governments swing between ... nice suit ! , and the discount was even better . i have a pair of brown ted bakers loafers that i got for a third of the normal price . they're my ' i want to look fashionable shoes ' , mostly because they ... how do you go over there ? i'm from australia , which i'd say admires a lot of esfp traits . needless to say , intjs here find a quiet place and a good book or learn to get along with others . yes , but i'll wager the urge to drive ice picks into the skulls of those around you has abated somewhat . thanks for the encouragement . : happy : oh . and in response to the original question , i'll re-direct you ... here ! you killed puff ? so many xnfps are going to be so upset with you . say , when you killed the dragon , you didn't happen to find any books in it's lair , did you ? save any of it's blood ? i'll settle ... i love books , but i'm not sure how i'd feel about having a library of my own . if i could share it with other introverts and we promise not to talk to each other , that would be fine . it would be open ... thank the invisible pink unicorn for stupid people ! well , that explains your studying catholicism to the level you have . i always felt the philippines was very exfp , but that might just be me . you're in excellent company with this sentiment . some of the finest intjs i know have had the same experience , and it's always good to hear when they make the realisation . : happy : i'm presently ... people who fail to properly read the signs out the front . that's okay . i'm not sure i have either . there have been a few times when i might have been , but further analysis seems to suggest i may have been deluding myself well , as i work on trains , my most common mode of transport is naturally a number of different models of trains in the queensland rail city fleet . i'm qualified to work on all of them , and can cover ... i dislike rollercoasters , as well as most other themepark rides , or even being at the theme park . i'm content to let others do their thing , but in the past my siblings ( istp and esfp ) and my spouse ... for you , always ... : tongue : i couldn't really say , but it isn't high . my wife , who has bad knees , once banged it on a table at a friends house . while our friends all asked if she was okay , i just stood like an idiot . then ...