' yes this describes very well what i had in mind . i'll have to try putting it that way , he might get it then . thank you . i really think that's what he had in mind ! good intentions to be sure .  ... it's been a long while since i've posted . hello all . mainly curious about thoughts from intps and entjs i couldn't find a thread that touched on what i am specifically wondering about , so here ... reading the comments on this page regarding the 1st day of spring . first day of spring vernal equinox 2014 same thing i do now : level up ! perhaps , i'd be a master silent hunter or assassin , the bow and arrow as my sniper . or philosopher , sitting and staring , reading and pondering . perhaps , i'd be ... precisely what i intended to post when opening the thread . thank you . great minds and all that .. : laughing : found this ... and i just related so well ! http://postsecretdotcom.files.wordpress.com/2013/11/9explode.jpg?w=367&h=526 intp lefty , checking in . i sleep . or lay down . or pace , if it's really bad . i might drink until i feel a slight buzz . or i clean things in my house . or i go for a walk ... a very angry power walk . or i listen to music and ... here's a few : some of these are guilty pleasures . others i've just memorized growing up . the fifth element braveheart the saint the usual suspects the labrynth lord of the rings movies ... d'awww . i'm not the best person to answer this question , being a female intp and not fitting into the stereotypical mold of a woman . but , for the sake of adding more replies to your post for more ... homework was my main downfall . i also couldn't maintain interest in a class of just listening and reading and repeating . and i struggled in showing the process that almost every teacher seemed to ... oh that ? don't mind that , it was just a little lni . late night imgur , you ask ? no silly , late night intp ! : laughing : i'd like to apologize for the following : - for selfishly keeping me all to myself . - for shoplifting . but did you really think i'd pay such an extravagant amount for make-up in this economy ? - for ... someone mentioned it being easier when one knows the one they might be correcting . i'd have to agree . but it one were to watch my face while someone speaks something incorrectly , lol , actual i ... english 1st . was almost fluent in spanish , but that was years ago . i forget . tequila brings it back tho . :) 1st choice : the road eternal . 2nd choice : fisher king ewww , sports talk . http://i828.photobucket.com/albums/zz205/skunkitty/GIFS/Barney.gif and that , my fellow intp , is exactly what makes us individuals ! meee tooo ! honestly couldn't remember . i was stuck between 2 years . when asked , i'd say uhhh , 26 ... 27 ... one of those . i'm 28 now . ... i think . : unsure : i'm pretty sure ... [ consider's checking ... funny , but alas , you're wrong . i do nothing without good reason . i despise wasting time with silly games . sadly enough , that what was done to me . i only wish i could have held the strings , atleast ... yesss ! lol ! oh snap . google maps tells me this is over 40 hours driving time . not including bathroom breaks , gas stations , food stops , or sight seeing , or traffic . youch . take some pictures and vids , let me ... when i was younger , i would have said intelligence and humour . after an extremely unhealthy relationship and a few white hairs ( i'm only in my late 20 ' s ) , i see the danger of being with someone ... 3rd canadian , checking in . ( * tips hat * ) i think it's on another page of the booklet . if i remember correctly . i love post rock . favourites : long distance calling , russian circles , god is an astronaut , this will destroy you , hammock i couldn't agree more . i was pretty close to using pink maggit as my username . i hate to sound like everyone else - but i do love change ( in a house of flies ) . passenger is sooo erotic to me . but at their concert , i can't leave until i hear them play 7 words . best valentine card would be echoe ' s avatar . i think it's grand . lol i have to give you props - i am delighted by your username , as i'm a dedicated fan . :) i selected peter pan . not from experience with the same sex [ female ] , but simply , because i won't vote it out . i've been sexually drawn to women before ... from a purely superficial standpoint .  ... what a tragic / romantic tale . i hope she turns out to be intp . if not , i see a great likely-hood of her becoming an nt . :) don't let him get you down . perhaps he's trying to protect his ... can't say i haven't had that fantasy ... note : obviously he's a beautiful specimen for a thief . he finds nothing of value in my house besides my ps3 console , games , books , and computer . he wouldn't ... doing it now : beer , wings , perc :D how often do you just chuckle or snicker ? just a snicker , maybe . a few times a week ... maybe three . how often do you laugh really freaking hard ? almost never . i used to . [ albeit : my current ... radiohead , kid-a x93the enemy of knowledge is not ignorance . it is the illusion of knowledge . x94 x96stephen hawking the pendulum of the mind alternates between sense and nonsense , not between right and wrong . carl jung ... “ the enemy of knowledge is not ignorance . it is the illusion of knowledge . ” – stephen hawking the pendulum of the mind alternates between sense and nonsense , not between right and wrong . carl jung ... irritating was wat initially came to mind . http://photos.travellerspoint.com/284426/thumb_P1030376.jpg i overestimate myself . [ just saying it seems wrong ] my confidence is never questioned [: unsure :] i don't care if i'm misinterpreted [ oh my word , i do i do i do ! ] intelligence is overrated ... mr bones ' wild ride stereotyping again ? yes , i spend my free time baking cookies and brownies for you buff , hardworking , manly men . f * * * that ! : laughing : i happen to be a victim of putting up with what others want to watch . i can't help it if i learn alot about baseball , hockey , mma , etc . i ask questions . if everyone else is going to be so fascinated , ... http://i1.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/007/423/untitle.JPG is that a challenge ? i can think of gay-er instances . http://gifs.gifbin.com/122010/reverse-1291372246_ufc-kiss.gif http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view5/2423926/mma-kiss-o.gif wait ! one more : ... at first glance , i thought it said photos of your mom . i was like * heavy sigh * . the dc , i almost lost a gulp of my beverage ... to the computer screen . : laughing : as to my originally intended post ( and please , give it a second or two ): 76867 thanks qing ! : blushed : south-paw checking in ... if i haven't already . i just noticed this thread is from last year . '