' most are incapable of that depth of authenticity and for that reason , are prone to struggle when faced with someone who is . for those who do struggle , the reactions can be absurd , confusing , ... ahhh but do you realize how many people refuse to even look for a problem , much less recognize there is one ? i bet you do . i stand by my assertion ! :D you got this . i don't care for that saying , but ... i would wonder the same if someone did this to me . and every time it occurred , my resilience to the behaviour would begin to wear out . confusion is one of my worst enemies and eventually i'd put a ... since i have no dignity i'll admit that i had to google that . it's fantastic . thank you for teaching me something :D recognizing that is probably the hardest part . correcting it should be the ... i can absolutely identify with that . i recall vividly - in the distant past - putting on that ' idgaf ' face . i felt like a circus clown jumping around , screaming ' hey ! look at me ! i'm fine ! ' but ... i could agree with this in so many ways and with so many examples that it might break the internet . those that come to mind for me : - when dealing with people who've charged across my boundaries ... i've heard it attributed to infj's by other types but i've never heard an actual infj squee about being a special snowflake . does that make sense ? i have a fairly large circle of infj friends and ... i'm not having any issues with this myself . i'm curious though how it affects others . i definitely would not consider your situation one where you intentionally ignored someone . you are on overload in several ways . when time is scarce , you allot it where you can . for selfish people ... we all know people who use avoidance as a form of conflict resolution or as punishment . some do it when they're angry or confused , some do it to illicit a negative emotional response , some do it as ... i think this is common for everyone who's in love . as long as you maintain your own separate life , friends , activities , etc . and not give in to a full blown obsession , i don't see the problem with ... i dress for comfort and weather but have an affinity for period clothing . no , not menstruation clothing . modern variations of clothing from renaissance and medieval times . muslin or linen ... even though we're barely similar types , infp's are perfectly lovely . why on earth would you want to change who you are ? embrace your infp'ness dear . go be spontaneous and have a good cry , then start ... absolutely yes . i do identify . betrayal is a cardinal sin for me . my belief and practice is that everyone should be given their own chance to be trustworthy without being tested , tempted or ... hahahahahaha . it would be great if we could have all gotten a photo of our facial expressions the moment we heard things like this . those would be gold too . i've never heard these grandiose descriptions . maybe during one of my daily self deprecating rants i'll pretend i did read it and maybe feel better about myself , even though it wouldn't be true if i ... authenticity . pretty sure i'd have been asking siri for a tutorial on how to get high off of it . out loud . in front of everyone . i call them lindt balls too . no one ever knows wtf i'm talking about and when i explain they correct me . it's a lindor truffle . no , asshole , it's a lindt ball . mmm gosh . they taste like sweet , ... oml . i don't even know where to begin with those . i hope you got plenty of booze out of your holiday ! :D i think this was a wonderful post . i can't add anything profound , but i can say that this type of ' crisis ' tends to happen with me during periods where i'm evolving psychologically / spiritually ... i know that type of racism . my grandfather ( who oddly enough was pure sioux ) grew up in a time when certain words for other races ( you know which ones ) were acceptable and common . by the time those ... http://youtu.be/AMzjbyZhM5U wtf ! are you from the south too ? ( too = i am , so i hear loads of those bigoty weird comments . ) sweet jesus . well now that i'm back home i have a laundry list . my favourite ( and by far the most awful ) was when my mother was talking to my oldest daughter about her boyfriend having arthritis ... share those inappropriate statements , jokes , whatever made you raise an eyebrow on this fine thanksgiving day . if you don't help cook thanksgiving dinner you shouldn't be allowed to eat it ... feel free to stop by without calling first , but i don't want to hear about your feelings . i am an east coast dweller . i'm not sure how everyone on earth isn't familiar with these beautiful beasts , but i guess there was a time when i didn't know what they were either . you know , when i was ... i am absolutely certain that i was born with inherent consideration of others , as i remember situations from a very young age where being thoughtful was my primary focus . the methods of ... if well intended and constructive , quite easily . i'd hate to miss an opportunity to do some positive self reflection and actively try to evolve aspects of myself . if snarky and bitter , by ... we're referencing the loss of a partnership , not a fantasized , one sided obsession . those both sound really tasty ! whole foods is such a wonderland . their baked goods are absolutely beautiful . we have a pizza guy at ours who is to die for cute . i fantasize that he smells like ... we haven't done family holiday dinners in several years ( until this year ) due to some deaths in the family and other family members being out of state . for a while we went out or just stayed home and ... i'm not a terribly good pie maker , but i think it's fun to do once in a while . i make a mean honeycrisp apple filling . it isn't large chunks of apple which is the standard for a pie , they're diced ... oh my word . shortbread is nothing short of heaven . it's my absolute favourite baked good . i don't know what a crinkle is but i do like those butter cookies in the round blue tin , even if that stupid ... it seems like a real dud of a thread , which is not what i'd hoped for . because everyone loves food , i thought with all the mayhem of the holiday i will make my first thread a nice , light hearted ... thanks for suggesting polish . i'm trying to understand and feel like a jerk because i can't . my only means of trying to communicate is to use a translator app so i'll just ask him in polish and hope ... sweetheart , can you just type this in your native language ? it would be easier if someone who can translate steps in and does so on your behalf , than us trying endlessly to grasp your meaning and not ... that's great advice ... for an enfp . it's a terrible suggestion and highly dismissive for someone who values the bonds they create and doesn't have a knack for casting things aside if they're not ... he despises you for some reason . don't expect to succeed at this . this is such a great question . i really look forward to all the answers you'll get here . dating for me has never been eventful or enjoyable for the most part . i've been interested in people , had ... i'm struggling to understand what you mean exactly . i've heard the argument . i tend to tune it out . there are actually people who thrive on challenging someone's understanding of themselves . people who enjoy creating self doubt and inner conflict ... i really like your pants . they would complement my floor . absolutely and i need for you to tell me it's okay for me to feel that way . oh my god . i'm laughing so hard . this is the truest thing ever spoken . do you mean like , or ... like like ? they acknowledge you . they invite you into their home . ( no one who isn't special gets clearance for this . ) they knit you something for free . ( see above . ) this is something about the intj that baffles the absolute f * ck out of me . they can be repugnant , cold , robotic and arrogant yet totally unaware of their intense allure . i get the self ... i think of it as a rare mental illness , not a gift . special snowflake syndrome , i'm convinced , is something only infps who are mistyped as infj have . if you love someone this deeply , waiting seems natural . i can't say how healthy it is to do so , but it would be my choice . '