' i was wondering as an infp how do you react to ' likes ' ? when you post content do hope that people will ' like ' your responses ? or , do you feel indifferent ? perhaps , you dislike ' likes ' altogether ? ... i struggle with this as well ! when someone asks me to pick a favorite it's like a switch flips in my brain ; all of a sudden , my mind will be flooded with reasons as to why i like or dislike certain ... my father is also an entj . for the most part he is a total workaholic . however , once he deems that's it's time for him to relax watch out ! he does not appreciate people trying to solicit something ... i get complimented the most for being nice as well . i think this is because i make a point not to gossip or talk poorly about anyone and that seems to continually baffle people , haha . x ) i was able to witness tibetan monks create / destroy a mandala ! it was amazing ! : crazy : this made me smile . thanks for that , hohum . :) i used to be really into video games as a kid . now that i'm somewhat older * still a kid at heart * i will occasionally play games that i find compelling on the nintendo wii or steam . the ' wanderer ' ... i fear that i'll never find true stability in my life . i really appreciate everyone who took the time to respond to this thread . thank you for your input . :) overall , i think i'm still immature when it comes to relationships of any kind so i apologize if ... i really love nighttime flights ! if i'm lucky enough to get a window seat i'll spend a majority of my time looking down at city lights below imagining that they're galaxies , haha . tina belcher perhaps , i do tend to idealize things . however , i never once thought that i ' knew ' him . i could relate to his work but that never translated into me believing that i fully understood ... i'm currently 21 and attend a small close knit college . most people just assume i'm a freshman .. even students who are younger than me , haha . actually , the other day my younger brother had to get ... wuatenigenu i believe that played a large roll in what happened . in those moments there was a worry that he wouldn't value the things i've harbored within as preciously as i do .. i also think the ... verity 3 i suppose it could be a possibility . when we were talking he actually brought up mbti and stated that he was an infp . he also told me that he had been attempting to type me before and had ... bigstupidgrin you're right . now that i'm a little more centered i'm realizing it was a little silly to think we could mesh so deeply right away . i blame my hopeless romantic tendencies , haha . i'll ... thank you angelfish ; your response actually makes me feel a lot better . :) now that i've actually taken more time to reflect i think i was being a bit to hard on myself . whoops the above post was directed at attic ! :P unfortunately , no . i usually don't discuss things that are close to my heart because i can't bear the thought of them being ridiculed . though , i believe you're right . i wasn't prepared to jump into ... hello ! right now i'm in my junior year of college and although i've had lots of fun on my journey through it i must admit i've been struggling with my sense of self quite a lot this semester ... 390378 <- self portrait using chalk pastels :) 390394 <- charcoal drawing that was supposed to display a crime of sorts . * how you chose to convey the crime was open ended :P * i haven't been in love before . though , i have had experiences of intense but brief infatuations . i'm currently attending college and would like nothing more than to have a fun and loving partner at ... unicornrainbowlove hmm . indeed . * puts on sweater drinks coffee and runs 10 miles under a sweltering sun * holy mother ... it worked . thank you unicornrainbowlove now i'm in a wonderful ... shameless nation ah yes , i don't want to find myself in a relationship that i feel was forced from the very beginning . pressure from others is definitely a factor . my friends , my cousins and ... ellicat you're right . i think i tend to get a little to caught up in my romantic ideals at times . though , i hope i don't come off as a predator . xd actually the idea of coming on to strong or acting ... : crazy : hello ! :D so i'm 20 now and have never been on a date . i ... i actually haven't even had my first kiss yet . : unsure : this is a problem because i'm a huge hopeless romantic . i want very badly to ... bloop , blip , hubble , bubble , incandescent , implicit , relinquish , eclair , bon bon , canoodle , eleoquent , ecstasy , mundane ... to name a few xd in regards to tv shows i find the office , futurama , and south park make me laugh the most . hmm , and the comedian eddie izzard is super funny as well . oh ... and funny animal videos ... yeah ... hahaha : laughing : gosh darnit you're making me blush : kitteh : btw i love your profile pic , soa is awesome ! :D aw shucks xd thank you ! : tongue : i haven't been on this site in a while but i've always wanted to reply to this thread x-p anyway here's my picture xd 312154 i .. i think i uploaded it correctly ? <-- * is not very tech savvy * opps ! i'm sorry :p i had to stay relatively quiet or else i'd run the risk of waking my family up xd i agree , it would probably make billions ! :D i also think that many of these voices would be ... dear entj , please stop treating me like i'm your coworker . you need to chill . :p love , infp i think i may be to late for this but here goes ... ermmm xp i'm apologizing for my awkwardness in advance :/ < object width = 148 height = 44 > < param name = movie ... i find death an interesting concept . it could be so many things or it could be nothing at all . in one way death scares me . you could disappear completely , be eternally punished , or potentially be ... for the most part i'm just chilling and surfing the web . although , i do occasionally remember that i should stop procrastinating and just do my homework . :P oh ! i'm also listening to the band ... yes completely ! people who don't know me very well think i have never had a negative thought in my life . lol xd you check to make sure your alarm correctly ... more than 3 times . you often wonder about what animals are thinking . you tend to feel awkward when walking with a group . you forget verbal ... hmmm .. most of the time , yes . at least on the calm and comforting part that is . i wouldn't call myself cute though ! xd the only exception would be when i'm feeling particularly vulnerable . although , ... when i'm comfortable with someone i'm usually not afraid to ask what's wrong . it depends though . every person and situation is different . when i'm not comfortable with an individual but i have a ... hmm ... maybe the library ? :/ i always like to spend time leafing through books in the library . xd so many things ! i love when people have shared moments of happiness together ... always brings tears to my eyes lol . xd i also love my friends , my pets , and my odd yet very lovable family . hmm . i ... for me physical contact is very special . i feel like getting hugs from people that you like is awesome . it's a way of letting people know you care for them without words and to me , that's truly ... most of the time yes , i do have trouble expressing my ideas clearly . although if i'm super confident in what i'm saying . * like i know all the facts or i'm extremely passionate about the subject * i ... i'm not sure whether it was depression or just a phase but i have had many down periods in my life . in particular anxiety tends to be the catalyst to all my negative thoughts and actions . is ... it depends . in regards to people yes , my intuition is usually correct . in regards to certain situations ... ehhh not so much . my anxiety tends to get the better of me when i'm not careful to keep it ... - 19 - female - straight - non applicable - 0 - i'm so shy that it's hard for me to strike up a conversation with a boy i'm interested in :P i'm going to keep working on it though ! :) sahara - seawaves :D you should look them up on soundcloud . :) they are amazing ! it appears it's a bit taboo to say pink :P but you know what ? i can't help it . i just like the color pink . :) i also like orange and red :D it happens to me occasionally . however , when it does occur there is usually some sort of trigger . :P personal ~ * name : maybe when i feel a tad more comfortable . :) - any nicknames ? i prefer to be called whoop . :D * male / female / trans ? ---> female '