' i take dark and cold to simply be aliased terms for the proper ones ; they are just linguistically convenient . bruh , i ain't dead . also i just popped on here for the first time in forever . what's being talked about ? why have i been summoned ? https://soundcloud.com/foxsky/foxsky-kirby-smash-out-on i'll just leave this here . i have returned from the desert , and i have brought the word of s3rl ! rejoice ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UKqQVyQhTYU rare type 5 leader reporting in . go ahead actual . to be succinct : yes ! so much so that one of my favorite genres is science hop . https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=92&v=UI1KY4kPpok ah , there is a reason for that . i am a profesional graphic designer / web developer / photographer . should i not use my dslr to make my profile photo ? i unfortunately don't have many ... ' sup what'ch'all chattin ' ' bout ? anyone ever tried audio books ? i'm thinking about getting the audible trial and listening to the the martian but i am concerned that unlike real books i won't ... hey guys check out this book porn i just picked up earlier today ! that gold and silver page edging ! <3 https://files.slack.com/files-pri/T0A6K1ZUJ-F0B149FGQ/img_20150920_155814.jpg it's not just girls ; i've had classmates tell me to my face that they hate me for doing so well academically without really trying . ( i'm that guy that never takes notes in class and aces every test . ) ... bruh , i didn't even realize i was coming off as emotional . in fact i was worried it was too pretentious and cold . lol the fucking irony that is my self preceptions . kek xd i was holding ... i'm sorry my default face is scary . tat the relationship status was on my profile here . thanks for your actually thoughtful reply , it's much better than my friend's looks perfect ... first of all * you're secondly . profile updated . thanks for pointing that out , i forgot . first of all let me just say that i am back after a very long hiatus from perc . hey everyone who might remember me ! o / it's been a while but drop me a message if we used to be chill . :D so ... you called ? :D your welcome . though don't worry too much about not being a genius . massive intelligence tends to come with massive depression . : crazy : trust me . it also comes with the scorn , jealousy and envy of ... ok , y'all asked so i'll tell . :) i don't normally like to brag but i do enjoy the ego boost . my iq is 163 . i'm in college . my gpa is 3.92 i'm in the honors program . you know thinking back on this , i think the reason why you only find this look in male infps is due to the stigma of men showing emotion , or even talking about it . this results in a buildup of ... looking back on this post now i realize that you were absolutely right . i am still dealing with that depression myself , privately , to this day . 86722 i'm always in deep thought . lol ametcitra likes fantasy and nature . how could one not love a nature lover ? :P yes , i understand my emotions , they don't take me by surprise . you can learn to understand them too . you must be like the rock in a stream . let your emotions cascade over you , observe them , ... how about me . do i have the look ? 86550 it went a bit like this . :) 8631186312 8631386314 86315 most people loved it and we had fun . handed out a bunch of info on the american anti-corruption act . uttermess infpblog atleow nowhere man briggswompus man . i love the infp community . you guys almost always have well thought out , interesting things to say . :) you are good intelligent people and ... first thing , ditch the meds , they do not help . my psychology professor with a phd from yale even said as much to my surprise . it's like constantly taking morphine instead healing a broken bone , its ... i was describing myself . :P is anyone familiar with the march against corruption ? no ? it's a global day of action against money in politics and the harm its causing , it's partly about supporting the american anti-corruption ... it's simple really . if you want not creepy and cocky guys then you have to take some initiative , because that means you're going after introverts . they are most likely not not going to approach ... ask anyone in my family , or friends , and they'll tell you that i almost never ask for help or talk about my problems , or things that bother me . i don't see the merit in asking for advice or help . ... ehhh , don't really care too much . fite me irl m8 and all that jazz . i am dean's list . i am the elite . http://i.imgur.com/nR74Q7P.jpg you are very welcome . :) she has a classy demeanor so how about elizibeth the first , or eli for short , pronounced l e . yeah . welcome back allskyblue :) believe you me i know that nagging feeling of uncertainty when trying to figure out your type . it can certainly be confusing , especially with all the inaccurate ... yes , that about sums up my feelings on this matter as well . even something as simple as a friend offering some food i'll refuse to the point that they really insist , even if i am very hungry . ... you know i've experience the same exact issue in talking to s types but for the life of me i have no idea how to word things so they'll actually take an interest in my interests . it's very ... mfw that has been said to me . xd i was absolutely covered in glow paint and glow sticks and glow rings and only had on these awesome blue patterned short swim shorts . damn that was a fun ... i also hate spiders lol . do what i do , a lighter and a very flammable aerosol spray . purification by fire ! i've also killed a spider with a sword once , that felt good . lol you guys are so hardcore , this thread is too dark for me . xd hmm ... randoms murders and the hundreds of ways to get away with it , crazily deviant sexual acts , taking over the world , brewing ... from my grandfather's funeral . black and white to set the mood . https://sphotos-b.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-snc6/10044_253089111501694_1660210156_n.jpg ... so yeah , the world is ending and you have the ability to play or sing a song that everyone on earth would hear in the last moments . ( the song gets to finish . ) what would it be ? ;) honestly i didn't know what that was until i googled it . lol yup ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fRjeAcM_BFo personally i like your second picture better . it looks more authentic . :) guess i'll throw some of me up , if i can find good ones . :P http://i.imgur.com/q02n1Io.png ... so , i just got home from work--i work on airplanes at an airport if anyone is wondering--and have class in 4 hours . it is 2 am est and raining and 60 degrees fahrenheit . perfect . i'm going to go ... i've gotta confess i've been feeling fan-fucking-tastic lately . :D i am smart as hell ; and like most highly intelligent people i learn fast with little effort , see the world differently than others and have a propensity for depression . i have in the past , and ... original resolution : tjseabury on deviantart http://th06.deviantart.net/fs71/PRE/f/2013/011/c/4/the_ineffable_desert_sun_by_tjseabury-d5r4sg6.png '