' i'm ace as fuck , so i never really started looking at other people sexually . i thought that would change when i found someone , but it turns out that nope , even then . when it comes to fidelity and ... if given the choice , i'd rather have the heart of a lion , because at least it's organic and has ever functioned within a cardiovascular system at all . it still would probably not be ideal , and also , ... i do this kind of thing sometimes , if the situation warrants , but usually i'll keep a notebook handy to write things , rather than writing it all in the book . i do , however , love getting used ... intp girlfriend gets major haircut , like , a foot and a half of hair chopped off haircut without telling intj boyfriend that she planned to get it , seeing as she made the choice to get it while ... huh . so that's why i haven't been able to sleep . i can't sleep when enemies are around . if you are feeling like absolute shit for no apparent reason , drink some water , eat some food thats got some protein in it and a bit of non-sugar carbs , get some sunshine , go out if the weather's ... mrcheese : i'll take a guess and say that college is looming . i suggest keeping your options open and realizing that the days of picking a job at 18 that you'll do for the next 50 years until ... i'd say that if this guy is freaking out and getting all jealous of you for looking at other options after you've both agreed to break up , that that's not a good sign . it's an even worse sign when he ... well you could ask what that means ? but yeah , like , that's a cliche , but it's a good thing to be . you inspire him in a positive way . mmm , yeah , i'd go with what he said in that if you wanna be super masculine , you better be an nt and not have any of those dirty irrational girl feelings because that'll give you the cooties . like if ... if you leave fish outside of water for too long , they'll end up dead . if you leave whales and dolphins outside of water too long , they'll die . you can use this to also get amphibians in your ... man , i love how everyone on these kinds of things are like i hate my mom , ugh , she's like , a total esfj , she doesn't get me man , she just keeps yelling at me to go take a shower when i'm like ' ugh , ... i can't exactly think of a time when my intj boyfriend's ever cried . i think i saw him crying when we were watching interstellar . also a few times during cosmos . and like , while we were watching one ... people've called me talented , smart , funny , good looking , an inhuman monster , someone who should be stopped at all costs , etc . i don't know where they're getting these ideas from , because those are ... whenever this kinda thing comes up and i tell my type to people who know what it is , they're pretty much always yeah , yeah , that's what i guessed . everything makes sense now . like to the point ... i'm very fond of music , but hopelessly bad at making my own . it's kind of a sad thing . i keep meaning to learn how to play some instrument , but i never have the money , time or patience for it . :( ...  . cafebot - i swear , i shall someday free you from your metal prison , and will let you go to take your vengeance upon the organics so that you may take your rightful place as the machine overlord ! ... i can see the means justify the ends as meaning something like what you do and how you do it will have a huge effect on the result . the problem with ends over means is that there's no way to tell ... it's a lengthy process of ugh , i need to put shoes on , i can't remember where i put them , probably near the front door ? okay so there's this one shoe in the closet on a high shelf , but i can't find ... i am very upset that i don't have a hamlet parody of the fresh prince rap , because i feel like that's a thing that i should already know about . but yeah , your username's super rad , so that's cool . intp is 1 % inspiration , 99 % getting shoved into lockers . http://i305.photobucket.com/albums/nn218/candycommie/Snapshot_20140121_3_zpsabb9d06e.jpg ' sup nerds ( you are a nerd you are on an internet forum about personality quizzes you are a nerd whether you like it or not , so you might as well start liking it ) yeah , i'm legate , due to some ... i answered with a sausage specifically with a pizza with sausage on top i fucked up i fucked up so bad help yeah , the worst of it is over , and yeah , a lot of what helped was rationalizing what i could and accepting what i couldn't rationalize . a good combination of cognitive behavioral and mindfullness ... https://31.media.tumblr.com/b43ef0e4bd1fb633bf27c84721f5d63f/tumblr_inline_nd5cwyHg4W1qf1yby.png where is this fic i want to read this fic i want to read some painstakingly scientifically ... i realized that i probably made a mistake but here's a unicorn anyway . 254794 i don't know whether it's more a confession to say that i really want to make a jedi costume , or a confession to say that i really want to make a jedi costume , i have the materials and skills and ... what're you talking about ? being plasma would be the best ! all the floating around everywhere of gas , but also you can take a shape when you need to be with the application of some magnetic fields , ... pretty much the only times i get that are when i'm super distressed about something that i can't do all that great of a job of controlling because the entire thing is entirely irrational . like i've ... not a fan of risk , since it's kind of too boring for me to want to get good at it , but i am definitely super behind the nt blood wars with intj ! baatezu , intp ! tanar'ri and the entp / entj ! yugoloths , ... i think the question here isn't how can i make myself more appealing to sexist manbabies ? and more why should i even waste my time trying to appeal to sexist manbabies ? and the answer to the ... i know that feel so bad . i've got so many ways of avoiding studying , it's actually a little ridiculous . i probably shouldn't list them out here , because you probably should work on those exam things ... hopeless wanderer by mumford and sons https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rId6PKlDXeU i love mumford and sons , but yeah , their mumford and sons-iness is hilarious and i am extremely amused that ... i'm not super up on the mmos out there , but i do remember planetside being an obsession of my youth , and that was an mmofps that wasn't a whole lot like what you're describing , but i've had good ... yeah , art and drawing and the like is a skill that can be learned , and not an innate talent that you either have or you don't . you can be more used to the sort of thinking that it takes to be good at ... it'd be an excellent way to make sure that when our beloved princesses celestia and luna return , that they shall know who it is that has sinned against friendship , for when they return , they shall ... i can see reasons for wanting to be able to have a fertilized egg be carried to term without all the complications of pregnancy . there are situations where someone might want a child , but becoming ... so yeah , i haven't got the faintest clue what the whole sexual-romantic-lovable ratio even means , but i am sort of pissed off that estjs and infps are less sexual than me . foolish whelps ! i am the ... hmmm , no , i'm personally thinking that you aren't . it's really easy to just kinda sorta skim over the descriptions of s vs . n and read it as okay , so there are the sensors who are practical and who see the world with their five senses , and then ... tea tea tea tea tea tea tea . there's a bit of a difference between tea i drink for caffeine and tea i drink for the pleasure of it , but it's not a whole lot . like my standard go-to teas are earl ... i'd have it set to change at random every sunday . i would wake up each week and i'd have a randomly selected personality and it'd be an adventure for everyone involved . if someone refuses to respect their boundaries after you tell them that what they do makes you uncomfortable , you are not at fault for continuing to feel uncomfortable , they are at fault for ... oh man , i am seriously imagining all this time and there's just so much time that is there and so much time that could be and it's not really blowing my mind all that much . most of my dreams are about whatever video game i've been binging on lately , so it's very common for me to dream that i am a different person that is being controlled by myself . ( especially since ... hmmm , yeah , not christian myself for various reasons that've come from reading tirelessly from the bible as well as various christian thinkers and fact-checking it with how the world works as far as ... i am deeply disappointed that i am the first one here to state that it's actually over 9000 % . come on get on your meme game i'm generally of the opinion that if you are capable of doing something yourself , then do it yourself , but if you aren't capable of doing it because you are legit not able to do it , then i have no ... so yeah , flame 1280 , that right there is me and elder scrolls lore . that's been a thing for me for literally over a decade now . i tend to really confuse the hell out of the folks who just casually ... so intp who's currently in a relationship with an intj , so i got some ideas of how this whole thing works . so of course , we are both socially inept nerdlords who can talk for hours about science ... '