welcome dr . buttercup , i got excited when i thought we would be discussing world domination strategies ( particularly the formation of a penguin army ) . as you like people , though , it seems we will ... i am always happy to help . as for the truth of what i said , i do not lie . ever . i have lied in the past , and it gets nowhere good . if one person is not interested in the relationship ( but did at ... from experience , if , in previous situations , this has taken a particular route ( i . e . she withdraws , you make an effort , she is willing to rebuild the relationship ) consistently , then it is almost ... if you value the relationship , then patch it up . it won't be easy , and it won't be fun , but if you value the relationship , then it is probable that you took the time to learn how to work through ... 9 the rebel . and i will ' reign it in ' when i no longer have a reason not to . i have heard of the cognitive functions but i have not looked into them yet . do you suggest any specific resources for getting started looking into that ? i apologize for the lateness of this reply . i appreciate the tip i will be certain to research the cognitive functions . are there any specific resources you would recommend starting with ( just to ... as i said , i have never tested strongly for any one type . the differences you mention may be a part of why . i believe strongly in hard work when it is for a good cause , practicality when it ... hi , all . i introduced myself as an istj in the ' you , me , and everyone else we know ' thread , but it seems , after testing again ( and some time browsing the forums ) that i am more likely an entp ( for ... forgive my ignorance , but i know relatively little about mbti , and remedying that is part of why i'm here . i have , for a while , believed my type to be istj , but my test results have tended to be ... in a given setting , i give as many fucks as i believe need given to achieve the most desirable result . personal ~ * name - what do you preferred to be called ? michael - any nicknames ? none that make sense without context * male / female / trans ? male location - where were you originally born ? ...