' genius ! i'm assuming the patrons take their shoes off at the entrance . in that case it's appealing to me in that i would consider the feeling of my feet in the water to be liberating . i don't ... two words : buffalo chicken . welcome ! nice to make your acquaintance . :p roud : that's right . adorn me with a medal of modesty . i totally don't deserve it though . and never mind that i accidentally read this as a compliment thread .. : confused : aw shucks . double post . thanks for cutting through the bullshit and connecting with others in a meaningful way . as for the post above , i'll cut you some slack for that . we infjs are rather magnanimous in that regard ... actually following through with your plans . they really aren't , it depends on who you ask . most people in daily life don't know what an infp is anyway . however , infps can fall prey to avoidant behaviors that many extroverts might consider ... posting in this thread the answer is elegantly simply : go out and spend time with people . fe structures our emotions in accordance with the external , so therefore the best way to develop the function is to put it into ... i hear you . it's like you wake up totally fine and full of hope for a decent day and then , given the proper reminder , you're hit with a barrage of paralyzing thoughts that immobilize you immediately ... hail satan brian wilson , beethoven , sufjan stevens , lil b ... people may not notice , but you guys have big hearts . not literally , because that would be a definite cause for alarm . but you know what i mean . stay thirsty my friend . my iphone library contains a hardy mix of taylor swift and oneohtrix point never he's definitely got the mischievous streak . in the old cartoons he's astoundingly inventive in the ways in which he get's the upper hand on the bad guys . what do you think ? i just don't so throughout most of my life i've considered myself a somewhat emotional person . ever since i can remember i have felt very strongly about the things important to me , whether it was the well-being ... awesome ! hope all goes well for you . i would totally go out and vote for you if i didn't live in virginia . hmm . anecdotally i notice this may be the case . every xntp i've ever encountered ... yeah well your mom ! ! ! lol i'm wondering if there is a certain type or function that might be more inclined than others towards political activism or social reform . i understand that any type has the potential to get involved ... total infj . keep in mind , however , that lil b is the human race and i heard he knows the basedgod .. lmaooo nichya i could also see fe playing a part in this as well . if an infj is surrounded by others who place a great value on possessing material things , as doing so would be to accumulate social ... well reading yours and some of the other replies , there is a high likelihood i have at least one isfp in my life , that person being my ex-girlfriend . maybe even one of my best friends . he seems ... interesting ! you and i share many interests . cooking is where its at . the creativity involved in it is energizing and it's rewarding to share that experience with others . it really is underrated as ... in all likelihood , there are not very many . : unsure : i personally don't know this guy , but everything you mentioned seems very unlike the standard infj character profile . i will , however , admit to being a little on the hypocritical side when i was ... quite the opposite with regard to the mundane . in fact , the infj may consider so many things to be mundane that they come off as excessively serious and humorless to infps . i adore infps because ... 308241 my verdict : infp . you have great insight into your personal feelings that is evident in your writing , which is also fluid and carries a sort of prosody that an infp tends to have a keen instinct for ... hey . you guys are a rad type and i love you . i guess my question is : how would one spot an isfp ? what are some tell tale signs of being one ? i think hearing straight from the source would be ... i am a rich bitch enfjs , at least in a more overtly visible sense . infps too , once you finally hit the threshold and cross the line into te rundown territory . nfs , by definition , are people centric . mbti is a theory about how people work and what they value . therefore , nfs will be drawn to mbti either because it aids in understanding the thoughts , ... from what i understand , i'm guessing you're asking what kind of problems or concepts everyone's ni is currently thinking about and developing in the long term . in my experience , my mind tends to ... whatchu talkin about . i'm a pretty ugly mofo lol . http://thanks2banks.tumblr.com/post/91210695680/infp-vs-infj-the-smack-down-break-down this was painful to read . so much negativity . what constitutes a trivial post ? i'm actually curious . so lately out of sheer boredom i've found myself traversing through the hallowed depths of the weird part of the internet again , where everyone is convinced obama is a shape-shifting lizard and jay-z ... do i really exist ? hmm ... isfp . socially engaged and competent in reality while still retaining that deep well of feeling . or maybe istp because ti is a function well-worth hanging on to . my inner world is a steadily fluctuating continuum of various possibilities either regarding my values or my perspective on a given situation . nothing is certain , and it's difficult for me to make a ... miles davis-sketches of spain lately i've noticed a kind of ironic tension in my relationship to society as an infj . as a user of dominant ni , my headspace is occupied by constant abstraction and deconstruction of social decorum ... my self-concept is kind of disjointed . if i look in the mirror for too long , it can actually be a little unsettling . i start deconstructing the features of my face and body until i lose sight of what ... thanks for all the feedback , guys . :p roud : yes . i feel like the phrase system identification is more or less synonymous with the process of ti . ti wants to find the mechanics of how the external results are produced . it continually seeks ... absolutely agree on the difficulty of examining a single function in isolation . the functions don't exist in a vacuum ; te will be applied differently in conjunction with ni than with si . the same ... '