' http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-ikXkIA756-I/TVcZ8KeyvrI/AAAFHA/gNVvRuocMGU/s1600/oga%20tatsumi.png oga from beelzebub is badass . 58065 misubi from sekirei is super-cute ... i dn't think it's a language issue since i can understand italian perfectly , seeing as my dad's italian , and speak it almost fluently . it might have to do more with the fact that i don't get out of ... no but thanks for the recommendation . how is that possible ? [ / quote ] i guessit's just bad luck . i haven't met many since i moved to italy either . phone number , e-mail address and are you married ? xp jokes apart , intp females are pretty rare . my enfp sister . i took the keys 2cognition test and perc today too and goot different results on both with the perc having a bias towards ni even though on both i got fi higher than fe . perc introverted ... well i've got the same situation with my fi always scoring above my fe , i think it's my enfp sister rubbing off on me though . personally i have no problem with that seeing how i personally prefer fi ... well otaku originally kicked off as a manga / anime thing later coming to include games such as how nerd started off as an academic term and now is used as a way of describing a strong interest in a ... actually i was joking about the moron part . personally i don't agree on the fact that intelligence is a trait that will always be a minority seeing as that would imply that intelligence is a fixed ... i'm into puns , dark humour ( bonus if it's offensive ) and meta-jokes from a huomoristic point of view . things that i find interisting are computers , the internet , music , guitar playing and manga . darwin agrees . xd i'm not that big of a movie buff ... that i know but otaku can also be used in a playful manner such as geek or nerd in western usage which i'm using right now since i'm speaking in english and to a ( mostly ) western audience . if ... personally i'd like to have kids in the future ( distant future seeing how i'm currently 14 xd ) for 2 reasons . the first would be that i consider raising a kid as a project . the second is , seeing all ... well , it's been a long time since i've been on personality cafè mostly due to a virus that i've caught : otaku . for those less versed in japanese terms , an otaku is a manga geek / nerd / fanboy ( or girl ) , ... as an intp male , i think i'd be suited to explain . first , it might be the fact that you're 4 years younger . now this generally matters less and less as you get older , but 4 years is quite a bit of ... church music and hooded man approaches you ... you have officially joined the guild . you hear about [ insert cheesy boy-band ] ? omg , they're like the bomb ! ! ! [ insert girly high pitched scream ] i'm an intp with an enfp sister and isfj mother ... anyways , ususally the two ne's just go wild so i generally have a lot of fun with my sister . we're partners in crime . more or less liberal left like me . although not probably as far extreme as me . what are your political views . pretty self explanatory . i'm a liberal left winger who follows marxist socialism . http://www.politicalcompass.org/facebook/pcgraphpng.php?ec=-8.62&soc=-6.77 i'm gonna be the 39091st to say : dragonball z holy shit i've nearly exploded my brain trying to think about it . i thought about doing it once or twice but ... i don't know , i chicken out and panic . i don't even know why , maybe because i'm still in middle school and my class is in that age where if you even ... and while they're being executed they be like : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kffacxfA7G4&ob=av2e i'll share a secret with you guys , wanna know what i actually do on fridays ? i get down ... cause it's friday , frday , gotta get down on friday http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kfVsfOSbJY0 intelectually neurotic toddler personality egad ! you have betrayed your kind . having been through 3 years straght crushing on somebody or another ( and i mean that the day i got over my first biggest crush i started crushing on someone else ) , i've noticed i'm not too good at ... girls love us socially akward intp's not much , internet as with any night . my friends tell me i look good in any kind of shades , i guess it goes well since it adds mystique to my typical expressionless face . without them i look high , with them i look cool xp me , circa 1 year ago , i was bored like hell so i decided to take pictures for facebook http://i48.tinypic.com/2jb6qlh.jpg this didn't come out too bad actually . school's out - alice cooper i sometimes follow the crowd because i'm either : a ) completely oblivious to what's happening so i just tend to do whatever the person next to me's doing b ) so nobody notices me i might be betraying a lot of my intp brothers , but : electronic music just kills me . i find it seriously un-creative . i may find an electronic song interesting in the way it was made , but like ... ever expressed intrest in programming and code ? me too ... on another note , my drug of choice is the internet . this is mostly because i'm a minor so if i ever tryed something else it'd be illegal . not that i'd actually care if i was doing something illegal , ... just read your thread so ... yeah being an introvert doesn't mean not being sociable , but that social events tire you out . most introverts have few close friends while extroverts have a lot of acquiatances , it isn't a rule but more ... used to be a lefty but my mom made me change hands . now i'm mostly right handed even though i do do a lot of things with my left . i love all rock music but these arre the ones i'm hooked on : jimi hendrix ac / dc guns n roses velvet revolver when you watch a documentary on great scientific discoveries and everything feels like common sense . strangely , the piano , the first instrument i learned to play ( my dad was a concert pianist ) , is the instrument i'm worst at playing ( well except from the recorder , but i have to play it due to the ... stage 1 : this is when i'm just annoyed . i'll ignore you in normal situations or argue with you if i feel like putting you in your place . i usually just get mean and brush you off . stage 2 : i lose ... i know , my mother is one of those i'd give anything for my children types , and one day in a heated argument , while she was seeing red , she threatened to hit me , and i replied with if you do i'll ... '