' korean <3 mmm no no no you guys , i mean as in the socionics benefactor / beneficiary . also known as the request relationship . not as a sugar daddy , good lord xd hello , my fellow enfps ! :D what has your experience been like with entjs ? in friendship and dating , specifically ? what was awesome ? what sucked ? what did you fight about ? what things do you ... dear entjs , what has your experience been like with enfps ? in friendship and dating , specifically ? what was awesome ? what sucked ? what did you fight about ? what things do you wish the enfp knew ... can anyone give me some good advice on how to sustain benefactor / beneficiary relations ? asking for a friend . * cough * me * cough . it could be just general info or specific . in this scenario , it's a ... 1 ) is the entj / enfp scenario doomed to fail , as a result of the relationship being a benefactor / beneficiary relationship per socionics ? 2 ) what are the signs to look for when seeking an entj who ... i am an enfp , and i ... have a one-way ticket to nyc on september 26th ! finally , my big move ! ! nervous / excited ! ! lol no way do i fantasize about marriage . although i would like to get married eventually for the purposes of raising offspring . :P i definitely could see myself getting into a relationship with an enfp though . it just hasn't happened so far . one issue for me is that i'm really high energy ... so actually , i prefer the person i'm ... i've only met one ( known ) enfp who i found to be charming , a male . however , i myself am an enfp , so perhaps it's an issue of not wanting to commit type-cest ;) aahhahehehe . this post made me laugh . such an entj thing to say xd ( laugh in a good way , not a mocking way ) . love , what is it good for ? also , i'd like to add : my life is far from perfect . in fact , it's pretty dramatic and shitty . but idk what it is with entjs , it just always feels like i have the answers for them . maybe because they ... hello again entjs . this enfp has taken an ( albeit selfish ) interest in the inner workings of your brain and / or psyche . : tongue : can you please explain to me how you personally perceive and utilize ... hey now , i wasn't calling all entjs lives a shitshow . my comment was only directed towards two specific entjs , both of whom i had a falling out with ( one got enraged over some stupid political stuff ... got it ! so it makes sense that my relationships / friendships with some entjs blew up . they did not like how heavily i use my fi , and how i was trying to help them solve their shitshow personal lives ... where can you find out which types have the most potential for conflict ? i don't quite understand what you mean by this : people who have the same function as their primary and quaternary / retarded ... woah ! ! super insightful comment . thanks for contributing to the thread . today really sucked . my life feels like one huge string of doctor's appointments . trying to remember that it will get better soon ... main issue is that while i'm sane on my meds , with the ... okay . okayokayokay . wow i'm glad perc exists because i need to tell this to someone . i'm getting off the computer . i'm going to calm down and take a shower . and then i'm going to do something so that ... i'm feeling really down right now . i need to stop watching stuff ( dr . phil , namely ) that triggers me . i feel anxious and also scared . i need to do something important quickly this weekend . well , many ... i absolutely do . hence why i'm seeing a career counselor ! to help me figure out which career i shall change to . :-) i'm very good at it . mostly because i experience absolutely no fear , no matter how large the crowd is . i attribute my experiences in high school speech and debate to that ... attribute , of mine ! i don't think that entjs are misunderstood . i think intjs are misunderstood , though . with intjs , you are surprised by the intensity of their fi . with entjs , you are surprised by the intensity of their se . entjs understand people better , but care about them less . intjs are ... on average , intjs are much nicer and much deeper than they appear on the surface . on average , entjs are much meaner and much shallower than they appear on the surface . entjs are definitely lightyears ahead of the intjs in terms of being socially savvy , but also lightyears more likely to cause real emotional damage to other people due to inferior fi . thanks for your input but you totally missed the point of this thread . yeah seriously . thanks for having my back , scarlet ! it feels safer and easier to try to play dumb and convince yourself / let yourself be convinced by the party in question that something bad you think happened didnt actually happen . but that is not the ... you're right scarlett . i think i will just not have this planned conversation with him and tell him that i think we should take a break and leave it at that . i already blocked him on fb so that is ... i hate to say it , but you're right . you're telling me what i already knew but didn't want to accept . thank you . i will confront him with your exact verbiage when we talk on the phone . he will ... very wise and accurate advice ... maybe too accurate ... ugh ... * gulp * > . < you're right . i really , really really really really don't want it to be what i think it is . i really don't . because if ... and again , guys , feel free to verbally bitchslap me if i'm wrong here . :/ the reason why i am posting here is because i feel like i don't have other options . being unemployed due to my illness for ... which thing are you talking about ? the sleeping with me thing ? because yes , he really , actually did sleep with me when i was suffering from mania and didn't know what was going on . but i also was ... alternatively , i may try to re-define our relationship / friendship / whatever to something different . entjs are good at being explicit , so i think i will try to explain my point of view and ownership ... totally fair comment and thanks a lot for thinking about my well-being in this situation . <3 it means a lot . i am feeling a lot better , and i 100 % agree with you . i'm going to be completely selfish ... from an outsider's perspective : when my intj friends cook dinner for me , they are very happy if i compliment it excessively for being delicious . and those compliments are well-deserved , because all ... i'm already quite aware that i'm not mentally all here right now so that's not a question , i guess what i'm asking for , if it's possible to know , what is this person's motivation . i keep freaking ... we're not together , uhm , we slept together once . no he is not * my * psychiatrist , that would indeed be very bad . considering how sick i am / have been i guess i'm posting this mostly because i can't see ... oh , i have just googled bpd . no , i am definitely not borderline . i was just psychiatrically hospitalized for 5 days due to bipolar i mania / psychosis , and i've also been diagnosed with complex ptsd ... if by bpd you mean bipolar , you are correct , i have been diagnosed with bipolar i . i am also extremely , extremely stressed out . :/ entj male and enfp hook up , which was extremely morally dubious on the entj's part since entj knew enfp was sick and how she was sick ( entj being a psychiatrist ) and that her illness makes her ... i am totally going to make this . ty ! literally every professional mathematician and pure mathematics graduate student i've met has been an xtxp . same with every person i've met who is really into math . surely there are other types ... not helpful mr . stawker : exterminate : : tongue : that looks amazing . do you make the dough yourself , or buy it ? i 100 % want to make it ! ! ! here is my enfp-trying-to-be-an-entj picture from a few years back ;D 700297 ok . i'll be honest . still hung up on an entj . but ... hey , it's making me think that perhaps i should change my dating strategy and look for another entj to date , since the guy i'm currently obsessed ... i can 100 % relate to this ! and is why i get along so well with ( healthy ) entjs . :-) thought-provoking commentary , figure . i'll be completely honest , at this point in my life , i find myself highly wary of male infps in particular . every single friendship i've had with a ... '