' just a technical aside , but where does everyone keep coming up with the idea that infjs don't hold grudges , act petty , or ever display emotional negativity towards people ? we're just as capable of ... enneagram type : 6w5 took the test twice , out of curiosity . results 1 1 - enfj ( 35 % ) 2 - entj ( 21 % ) 3 - infj ( 13 % ) results 2 just an observation based on past experience , but introverted feeling has as one of its hallmarks the propensity to see in its user any and all behaviors . it's part of the nature of fi that it can ... i'd demure , say something along the line of who would feed the cats ? , then politely close the door . once no one was looking , i'd sink to the floor , wrap my arms around my knees , and rock back and ... i agree with this sentiment . honestly , why does it matter if someone mistypes as an infj ? it's not like there's some sort of financial benefit to it , and heaven knows that the social advantages ... the lord of light , just because i like the flavor of it . if not that , then the drowned god . it has a certain crazy something to it that appeals to the stranger sides of my soul . well , i didn't see her at the last few meetings . then again , sometimes people let their memberships lapse , so that's probably not a valid means of determination . my go-to song , from a dark part of my life . so much pain , so much rage . i taught myself to play it on the guitar a long time ago , just because i could .  ... hmm , fascinating . i bake and cook when stressed . cookies , pizza , stir fry , bread , donuts , fancy italian dishes , the whole works . i hadn't thought of it in the terms of being a method of escaping from ... that was , in a sideways fashion , precisely my point . aside from those who might obsess over the lol wow factor of an infj description to the point of willing themselves into being something they're ... i cannot abide idiots . not people who are having issues with stuff , nor people who are in over their heads . idiots . just , people who should know better , but willfully act in ways that betray their ... i can get the idea of laying it all out there for your boss , to try and help him understand , i really do . the issue i've personally encountered , time and again , is that whenever i try and verbalize ... i have my religious beliefs , which i won't comment on beyond saying that i have them . beyond that , though , i've seen evidence time and again that there is something ... beyond us . more than us ... wait , but i'm not a unicorn , i'm very clearly a dragon ! d-does this mean i'm not actually an infj , after all this time ? random example by reversing all the letters . it felt more grammatically drastic for the purposes of my thesis than saying the probably more prone to mistype as infj types like isfj or infp . generally speaking , real infjs aren't the type to act super happy about it . not to say that a person can't be excited that their type is known for being hyperunique-psychic-mystic-superlover-poets , ... some of the coolest people i know are isfjs . si is actually really neat in how it works , and gets such a bad rep by so many self proclaimed ' experts ' out on the interwebs . more to the point , asking ... well , i'll try to phrase my answer in keeping with the metaphorical theme of the idea of a tribe , just because i like that imagery . i'm not really , socially speaking , the settled type . i'm more ... interesting tests ( aside from that pic of the spider ; who does that ? ! ) . anyway , came out as an owl ( ahem , to quote the description a deep connection to intuitive knowledge that sees true reality ... the ni / se thing is what made up my mind about my own type as well , so kudos on actually doing the research . well done on caring enough about understanding yourself to go that deep . i had typed ... go ahead and stick around ! we don't discriminate . out loud . or in front of crowds of more than three . also , istjs are awesome , so please don't even think of leaving . a question , though : whose vision ? what constitutes a proper outlook for an unified humanity ? does it involve a group consensus , a la a massive direct democracy ? or perhaps a subsuming of the ... i went with arielle , belle , and elsa . arielle , for her innocent sense of wonder . also , i have a weakness for redheads . belle , for her courage under fire . also , i have a weakness for brainy ... sure . what i mean is that the handful of people i know , who i can say that i know or am fairly certain are either infp or isfp , have been people who have exhibited fairly strong issues in one form or ... i'd probably assume they weren't an infj at first , because , well , we're not unicorns , but we're not exactly houseflies , either . after that , i'd hazard to say it would all come down to vibe . does this ... poetry is something i enjoy in scant amounts , but this one just hits me in the feels . - - - recompense robert e . howard i have not heard lutes beckon me , nor the brazen bugles call , but once ... hmm , lemme think . well , i don't know about specific types , but i can probably guess as to what primary / secondary functions are more common than not . the stereotypical theater geek that is made fun ... ha ! love it ! wonderfully interesting question . hmm , lemme think ... silver linings playbook - i'm man enough to admit it made me cry . wonderful message throughout it . hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy - ... they're a lot of fun . don't get me wrong though , being in front of so many people can be a maddening experience . the strange thing is , you get to learn to like being under the stage lights and ... it's a moment of humanity . he's conflicted , then gives into his true self and leaves him alone . killing brings no one of a healthy mind joy , and at the end of the day the only true point of ... yup ! off and on , literally almost all of my life . stage only , though i have auditioned a few times for a few movies and a documentary . i don't really talk about it much , but ... yeah . i also do a lot ... i dunno if i'd make it sound so prosaic , but for stereotypical purposes , you're probably not far off . maybe a more nuanced way of looking at it would be that infjs run scenarios all the time , ... lots of good info already out there in the thread , but i come back to the idea that fe , while a judging function that is extraverted , isn't the lead function on an infj . that honor goes to ni , a ... well , there went my evening ... as for me ? beware the nice ones gentleman and a scholar more of ham and cheese than i'm comfortable with and a good dose of accidental pervert for reasons that ... i've worked places that were tip reliant in the past , so i'm always sympathetic . that said , bad service that is more than someone just having an off day will occasionally lead me to leaving a very ... without every single part of me , be they ugly or pristine , i'd cease to be me . i'd not trade one single moment , error , flaw , or quirk for anything else . some of them might be scars , but they're my ... every two or three weeks , i take a long hot bath instead of a shower . i throw in a bunch of eucalyptus and spearmint scented epsom salt , turn on a podcast or my favorites playlist , and soak for an ... dear god , i can't unsee that . i've seen and done some shit that would make a person's eyes melt out in my time , but that made me want to cut my own throat . unironically , because we live in a world ... i'm fairly certain i've missed the go signal from several women over the years , mostly because i either a . ) suck at reading signals like that , or b . ) was cursed by a genie in another life to go ... i was convinced that i was an unhealthy infp for over a decade . seriously , i was just sure that i was the most broken human being on the planet , because i was so sure that i was a fi user , but only ... well shoot , now i have a strange urge to declare war on turkey . or maybe bulgaria . a little more to the left might work better . also , i've never been manipulated by an istj before . should i be aware ... that really boils down to where your moral event horizon lies . i tend to be somewhat easy to manipulate by those who know how to push my buttons . : tongue : while i approve of this message , i acknowledge it to be verifiably false . based on personal experience , of course , but if you quote me on that i will deny it . good heavens , you're making me ... oh bud , all the entps in the world couldn't unload what i pack around , even if they were all covered in chocolate sauce and wearing g-strings while singing the hungarian national anthem .   ... my ... did i accidentally slip into a subdimension alternate reality last night ? what in the name of cheese is going on here ? yes , in a roundabout way . not for a while , though . i've not had to experience the full weight of my load yet , and i know i won't pass until i have . agreed . i need more info before i can begin to put anything into the proper context . kiss off game ? did you mean friends with benefits , perhaps ? or am i missing the point altogether ? almost dated one . she was clever , interesting , and cute as hell . i think she liked me back , in retrospect . yeah , i suck at relationships . oh hey , it's all good . i completely agree with you . i've known a lot of people of all different types , and there's a very fine line between a person being at their healthiest versus not . we all ... '