' http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nwyvWQxoVhk sex ... overthrowing the hold of the past ... sneaking onto the huge property of someone who did me serious wrong as a child , with a bunch of my friends , armed , and tying them up and torturing them for ... hmmm . just so this doesn't sink my thread , why don't i add some more helpful info at this point ? :) e / i : i seem to prefer being around others generally , and as far as i can remember , i always ... ok , here are my answer's to spades ' questionnaire : 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life ... i second that , being one . but this is hardly the first time i've cringed at what some of them spew out in the name of christ . honestly , what an embarrassing collection of drivel . only they appear ... 1 . no 2 . not sure how clowns are misleading but i like them . not so , fake flowers . 3 . sure ? 4 . well enough , unless i'm in a misanthropic mood . 5 . definitely not . 6 . hm . depends--what's it for ? ... um , no . i do have a general disregard for rules . at the very least , i think we shouldn't lose sight of the fact that they're put in place for a purpose and if they get in the way instead , i won't ... wtf ? i've been starting to wonder whether i really am an infj or not and since someone told me you should consider what's attractive to you sexually , since that's more likely to be somehow ... xnxj for sure , imo . i do think circumstances like the ones you've been through could mask one's true type ( or shape it , for that matter ) but from what you describe , it sounds like extroversion , ... i've started to wonder again . for years i couldn't nail down all four letters , but was almost positive i was an n and a t . i'll confess up front i haven't studied the mbti in any real depth . i read ... the road to perdition by thomas newman my december by linkin park track 10 off the goo goo dolls ' dizzy up the girl album ... can't remember title dust in the wind by kansas always depressed ... happy thanksgiving ! i'm relaxing , taking a much-needed rest from school . :) no travel or guests for me , just a short drive down the street for dinner this evening . where i plan to try to curb my ... again , bullshit . but this time i guess won't try to be nice about it , either . complex words ? lol . try looking them up if you have to , if you can't see the substance of my argument : fe doesn't ... well , sometimes i feel like i suck at being an infj , so i sympathize with your confusion . seriously , from what you describe , you're obviously an inxj . and from what you said about emotions and ... 1 . infj 2 . female 3 . n / a 4 . seeing and auditory 5 . d , a , e 6 . high , but that's due to circumstances 7 . democratic 8 . both the same . 9 . i want to fight for / work with / help abused and ... i'd be an intj , an enfp , or an estp . when i was a teenager , it was my dream to be an estp . i'm an e8 , so maybe my 8 instincts long for the freedom i imagine an archetypal estp would have . the ... i agree with bear . it sounds like you're trying really hard to prove that you're a good kid , to deserve to be treated well . you have my sympathies for that , because i tried to do the same thing . for ... i think the key is remembering that fe picks up external moods of others , the vibe of a situation , etc . this need not presuppose that every fe dom will respond to what they pick up with solicitous ... no offense meant , but i have to say , this strikes me as complete bullshit . not saying you don't genuinely have this problem , but i strongly suspect that's more to do with your enneagram type , or some ... 1990s . especially the grunge / nonconformist years when everyone was just casual ... and girls / women weren't so revoltingly cutesy and child-like ... * sighs * i'm glad you are at least starting to see it like it is . if you can see that he is a bastard , and a terrible father and human being , you're that much closer healthy , and to internal freedom , even ... exactly what i was thinking . thanks for saying it so succinctly . i've been to three continents , and these are definitely the cultures where i got that toxic reaction . and unlike culture shock , it ... there's nowhere i'd ever want to live other than the us , and i've seen and studied enough of the rest of the world to say this with assurance .   ... however , i'd say american culture definitely ... not for a moment by meredith andrews http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nlQNFQ9RWG8 thanks . certainly will apply for residency asap . and was basically doing all the rest as well . the uni's a cuny school in nyc . i calmed down substantially when i learned from financial aid that your ... i'm transferring out of state to a university in new york city . how do you pay for this ? ? ? i'm an honors student and soon-to-be americorps member with a 3.4 gpa ( higher in the spring ) , and i'll ... umm , sprouts , sunflower market , fry's , safeway , & target ( they tend to have grocery sections now , and they're much cheaper than supermarkets ) hey , jason . i'm a psych student , too . welcome to perc ! i thought there should be a thread for this question , since there's one asking the opposite . i kind of answered the question in my reply on that thread , but here it is again : i wouldn't want to ... an sj , especially an estj . i think i've been surrounded by more of them than any other type throughout my life ( well , maybe not so much now that i'm in college , though ) , and frankly , they creep me ... thanks , i'll try this stuff ... but what exactly am i supposed to do with it ? i mean , with rubs , spices--am i supposed to actually , like--rub them into raw meat ? i'm still leery of touching it ( as ... i feel the same way regarding truth , and i think i've finally reached a place of inner security in my life where i can handle it without its dragging my heart down ( like it used to when i was a kid ) ... hmm ... hmm ... it's edible with my olive oil and italian seasonings ( after i added salt ) ... but very tough . i got spooked ( and disgusted ) when i saw blood come out where i poked , and apparently left ... no . unfortunately , that's what makes psychopaths what they are : they neither can nor want to empathize with other people . one good book on this is the sociopath next door by martha stout , ph . d . ... thank you ! that sets my mind at ease , because one of the only thing i know ( or thought i knew ) about food is that raw meat can be dangerous . i don't know what a marinade is , and all i have in the ... exercise . this is really powerful , especially for people who have to live in very stressful situations like yours . creative activities , especially those that are physically demanding , like ... well , i'm glad you want to help others and make this world a little less fucked up . i think we all have an obligation to do so , regardless of where we come from , but i know from experience that it's ... i've never cooked in my life ( seriously--if it weren't for fully cooked entrees and the microwave , i'd be living on fast food ) , so any advice would be greatly appreciated . :) i've finally decided ... that sounds really cool . was the general theme of the dreams / stories similar to the ones you use from your imagination or were they different ? i'm just wondering if dreams bring up themes we might ... it's impossible to say based on that alone . and , i have to say , it strikes me as ludicrous that you could summarily dismiss all the people of a single particular dominant function for that function ... are there any other people on here who like to write ( creatively ) ? even if you don't , do you ever get ideas for stories ? where do your ideas come from ? for me , ordinarily , i'd say , out of ... i have the same thing , and thought i was more extroverted than most introverts , but i'm also very introverted in that i need alone time for contemplation , reflection , recharging , etc . it's really ... thank you so much for posting this ! yes , i've had the same dilemma all my life , but you articulate it far more comprehensibly ( and creatively and coherently ) than i think i ever have . also , ... welcome ! i was gladdened , too , to learn that at least 1 % of the population thinks like me ... in some ways ... : crazy : happy trails . i want to solidify my j . i think it would make me more effective ( js generally seem to be :) reading this thread is a little stressful , though . i've been trying to work through some things , be ... welcome , newbie . sorry to hear of your troubles . i hope you and your kids come through it ok . my thought is that there's a lesson to be learned in it . try to extract that , take it with you on the ... it sure as shit does if that's their position in your neck of the woods . i'm in the us , and i can tell you , if you went down to any local parish and said that , they'd about have an apoplexy . it ... exactly . if someone understands this , then to my mind , they understand what it is to be a true friend / lover . i don't think i ask a great deal of people , really , beyond the basics , and i give as ... what's important to me is loyalty , trustworthiness , and shared values in my inner circle . personality type is a distant fourth--or maybe tenth--if it registers at all . it's true i need intellectual ... question 1 : nooo . question 2 : because life experience has taught me better than that . question 3 : it depends entirely on how they've broken it . there's a world of difference in the way i ... '