' yeah , all in all the relationship ended . she ended up being quite manipulative and cheated very fluently . even lost my bipolar infj best friend over her cheating with him . ah well , re-found an old ... i'm thinking the 11th doctor is , though not 100 % sure ! oh by the way - since everyone's posting their camera specs and all . here i goes - i have a nikon d7000 with some cheapy 1980s era lenses . a 35mm 1.8 , a minolta 55mm 1.4 ( for reversal macro ) and an ... http://shdggsdv.deviantart.com/art/The-woman-340211958?q=gallery%3Ashdggsdv%2F33132130&qo=59 that picture of the girl looks familiar .. vria ? you followed me on deviantart :D haha but so i'm a hobbiest photographer right now . i've only been doing it for a few months now , but here's some ... sorry - double post ! D: heh this picture of a pencil answers that for you . i thought that was just me xd 68337 heh this picture of a pencil answers that for you . i thought that was just me xd 68337 hahahahahahaha this is the best one i have ever seen i'd love to as long as it's still up ! i love chatting with people i meet on forums :D shdggsdv on skype if you wish to add ! hahaha i have that too ! the thing that made me realize that is with games . i'd follow and follow and follow a game for months until it came out not giving it a second of space , and when it came out - ... so my thought on this isss that if you want our attention then be attention getting ! show provocativeness to only the one you're after ! what grabs my attention most of all is when a girl tries to ... hahahahaha that is the best thing ever when you're listening to dubstep xd hahahaha you guys are amazing . keep em coming ! :D we'd pursue the hell outta you ! :D lol and one of the most obvious ones is when we will immediately drop everything when you tell us you want to talk . and when you tell us you're not feeling well ... what you have to do is off the moment of thought , on impulse , take her out ! don't pre-think anything you're going to say and say the cheesiest things you can without thinking ! that's what i do :D i need really bad , cheesy pickup lines that an infj might think are cute ! i can't think of any that aren't utterly sexual , but when i come up with those occasional good ones , she loves em > . < the girl i've been with at distance for a while has often said i'm too affectionate i mean - that's even when i can't physically be all over her . :/ it kills me how friendly you are that is seriously the one phrase i hear most about myself . o . o to be honest - my thought on it is he still has feelings for you , but might not realize that you feel the same and pushing a heavy friendship to compensate . ( reason i say is because i've done the ... * hugs and bananas * i love love songs ! ! ! :D what makes me feel the most is when one can write a love song , but without making it obviously a love song . i love when a girl can say i love you without actually saying it ... yeah ! i used to be somewhat socially withdrawn by insecurities and i've always let peoples thoughts and opinions ride over my own . after taking the mbti and reading about it - i can actually go to a ... infp enfp and intj infp because their minds are so beautifully complex intj because they're just so fun and wonderfully beautiful enfp because well - enfp's have beautiful minds ! :D i think i ... nah i generally can't get along with that type of music :p my work out music is either like this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=av3MdFvJDKg or this xd ... i never thought of that oddly enough . i've been eating terribly , sleeping terribly , my school situation ( since i'm in online school ) has been isolating me , i haven't been exersizing , and i haven't ... thanks :) i'll work on all of that ! okay so i've been facing a lot of stress lately due to school which has also been furthered by trouble in a relationship that is now all good . i'm 17 with a great life and great opportunities and ... http://youtu.be/-pZ9IdsGF8k - and music also ; i love literature ! :D 6598165982 6598465983 65985 - i love photography : 3 okay your name is distracting . i can't stop thinking confused butt-clearance solution o . o do you do drugs ? after my answer .. what the hell is wrong with your mind ? ! i get that withdrawn feeling you're talking about when i feel that i'm not cared for , but when someone says or hints to something , i'm back to being .. - no idea how to explain - my usual self ? it was her idea . it's kinda confusing at times , because she's open to going on dates with others until i come there . haha but so i just hit a realization with her and me and our relationship , and we just talked about it . i am positive that we're going in a better state and the negative side of my worries are just my bad ... yes , they're both from me ! but i messed up the description , meant infj . my bad :p i'm an enfp for one . so how could i tell if my infj ( almost ) girlfriend is loosing loving or caring for me ? i seem to have that classic enfp feeling of needing to be told every 5 minutes that she ... i'm a sucker for infj's , but the silence is the one thing that bothers me ! i thought that was just my problem . o . o i should relay that information to my infj hahahaha well i mean it was definitely not how great it should have been , because they were trying too hard to show off the new cgi effects , but i guess the thing that made this one so great for me as ... for me at least , i love when people go out of their way to make me happy ! for what i think , just being supportive of all of the weird things he might do would and doing whatever would be enough . it's ... a straight line consisting of 3 corners and space in between . also a color . why i described a triangle , i will never know i'm just going to say ; i'm getting epiphanie after epiphanie from this thread . holy crap . i'm gunna die : o ai ! ! ! star wars 4 , 5 , 6 any star trek movie silent hill revelations insidious ( specifically for the one scene with the woman , the rifle , the family , and the creepy smiles ) and a ton of others ! :D i can be classified into a lot of things . i have a huge passion for physics ( mostly quantum mechanics ) and astronomy . i can be classified as a geek because i have an unhealthy knowledge and passion ... that doesn't entirely seem to be a problem with the personality type , just the maturity level . i'm a 17 year old enfp , but i wouldn't make any of those mistakes ! yes , i greatly prefer flexible ... infj hands down ! - sorry , said my last post here didn't go through and no idea how to delete :p that actually describes how people should see me based off of my obvious likes , but i guess because i dress in tightish , dark colors it's different haha ( i love franz ! ! ! ) make rainbows with your soul . follow your loves , follow your peace . i love you all ! - or maybe is this thing working ? i'd love to learn more about your personality type ! i have a girl i care very deeply about that is an infj - i'm an enfp so i've read a lot about infj , but can i have some insight from people ? ... '