' i see this . humans need that social energy but we ( infjs ? ) seem to question when it needs to be shared and treat it with respect . love it , made me smile . sometimes i feel we think big ... xd i think it's the depth reached when two people mutually prioritise each other first . i've been questioning whether it is backwards , but we only seem to have so much capacity to love and support ... i appreciate it must be difficult having split desires that are conflicting with and sabotaging each other . anger is satisfying but you know you'd be better off without it . i'd personally keep ... it's nice to think of it that way but i don't think it is healthy feeling like you can't be your full fulfilled self unless you are with someone else . especially in light of permanence or lack of ... you see the problem here right ? i don't care that you are being sexist and i'm certainly not going to scream it . i guess i'm curiously trying to point out the contradictions and seeing what ... good point , i relate to this . although i've found that i can only be my true self when in a romantic relationship . friends and some family i can be semi-self . as unhealthy as that sounds i'm not sure ... his post is sexist . it seems like you're trying to imply it isn't . people are going to assume you want advice to convince you your outlook is unhealthy , i know i did at first ;P i doorslam and avoid genuine people too . what are you seeking by sharing this ? i tend to avoid establishing a connection with people . if a stranger is nice to me , chances are i'll respond in a standard and non-engaging way before fleeing the scene . i'll also do the same to ... we've pretty much cut everything off . it's in a state of we don't talk unless we really need to . i'm feeling like we'll probably not speak again at all . i can't say really why she did it besides ... i used to be there to ground her , but my advice stopped becoming relevant the moment she made the division .. regardless , i get the impression she is less interested in advice that might conflict ... she has no friends irl . this is what she does , makes decisions that leads to her isolation . told her about a year into relationship it was a fear of mine she'd end up doing the same to me at one ... looks like everything has concluded . we are separated , we will not be speaking at least until she can sort herself and realise what she has done . while she was sorting this past month turns out ... lets say you're going through a very stressful period and you have no control over the situation and you kind of just need to ride it out . but you're prone to dwelling and continual analysis which ... it sounds like rebecca . m was saying it won't feel right until having sought & experienced for some time . my partner had no conscious desire to seek either until just recently it seems . things felt ... i intend to follow the advice given . when the timing is right , she still needs the space and no contact . i need her to take a first step , even if she doesn't realise she is taking it , won't matter . i ... on a side note , when dealing with this kind of stress is it normal to be completely unable to focus at work as an infj ? ( i don't really like my job , something i've realized through all this ) . well , considering we decided to put all decisions on hold ( including separation ) and i'm back in limbo ... not sure i know anything right now . in fact , i feel more lost then when during the first 2.5 ... this really is quite horrible to hear . i appreciate the insight . so , is the solution imaginary or real ? is it something that is chased until they realise it cannot be attained or is it something that is worked on until all feels right ? could it mean the ... could you explain more ? i'm not too familiar with the functions and how fi specifically applies here . it's a bit unsettling to consider this , but it makes sense . i'll remain conscious of this , thank you . i have been following this advice so far as best i can ... this is her first truly serious and successful relationship . she has had a handful of online ... i've learnt this the hard way . sounds about right . this situation has spiralled out of control from day one . she has asked no contact unless we really need each other's support . i'm sure she still is maturing ... i'd say so ... 1 primarily , scored highly on 5 as well . i suppose i had an idealistic mentality going into this , she clearly adores the idea of marriage . however she had been engaged previously ( age 19ish ) ... it wasn't a warning bell for me at the time ... type 4 for sure . sigh , so we split up , initiated no contact ( unless support needed ) . 2 days later ( so today ) she contacts me because she needs support and that's where we agree to put all ... she has said she is still in love , wants to be together . it is just that nag of a feeling that something is missing she says . while i can't ask her directly about the future , it is implied ... yeah didn't think i'd be back so soon but she really is struggling with everything :( considering how adamant she was about splitting though .. i've not much hope . situation updated just now . she reached out upset as her mum thought she was being reckless , they had a fight . i agreed gently but telling her it is understandable given what turbulence she is ... situation updated just now . she reached out upset as her mum thought she was being reckless , they had a fight . i agreed gently but telling her it is understandable given what turbulence she is ... thank you for this advice , coming to these forums has helped me cope a lot . definitely not enfp . i would never ignore her , couldn't live with myself . thank you for the advice , i intend to ... she told me i didn't give her enough space to begin with , that it made the process more confusing and difficult for her . her mother said she was not given enough space either . it is ironic , ... she is stable , has no conditions . but is clearly reckless and unreliable in dealing with how she feels . also immature . had warning bells about this signal in the beginning but ignored them because ... i'm put off by the thought that she has already made a decision that the moment she has something better she will drop me , as if value has been applied to me . ironically she says all things should be ... yes , i feel i have a thing for them too at this point , like the intensity in which we felt and connected can't be matched generally speaking . then the frustration that the volatility of it eventually ... forgiveness is part of our own path of healing . on the other hand , trusting that same person again is not necessary . i see your point about keeping her around , although it sounds like you have ... there are too many things it could be . - she doesn't know herself - she often doesn't love herself or know how to make herself happy - she is self-sabotaging and perpetuates self imposed prophecies ... yes to your whole post , highlighted things that stand out . all of it bodes true and reflected in the experience i'm having right now . that someone can validate so clearly ... makes me wonder if ... i'm expanding my target audience ... need all the advice i can get . i am male , 26 , infj she is female , 23 , infp we just broke up . original thread ( locked ): ... we had a fallout about something while she was away at her mums sorting through her feelings , before she was ready to make the separation . we were in a state of no contact when i broke through ( it ... i appreciate this insight . see my response to sygma below , do you believe the advice you've given still stands ? thank you but this is not me . speaking to people , journaling and meditation is ... thanks for the direct responses . i'm accepting the situation as ended and intending to move forward . if she reaches out regrettinng the split , wanting it back again ... i'm not going to trust ... i am generally cold to those i don't want to establish something with and extremely warm towards those i do want / have something with . my feelings will run rampart in the latter situation . i take pride in being alone and feeling lonely while avoiding engaging with people i don't want to establish something meaningful with . if i am unsure , i'll pursue it briefly before making up my ... we've been together for 3.5 years , engaged ... people have described our relationship as glowing and we agree . we love each other more than anyone else we've ever been with , have no deal breaking ... no no , i appreciate it . you obviously have a lot to give and deserve at least to have your day brightened :) '