' when i complete other people's sentences excessively . when i make an assumption about someone or something and i realize that i made a mistake after the fact . my mind so quickly collects and ... chapman is close to me ! with social work , you are looking at a very broad field . you would be looking from a systems perspective about how elements in the world are interconnected . you would look at the micro , mezzo , and ... tolerance implies that one has to put up with or give special treatment to something that the other person is imposing on he or she , and it may include passing judgment on he or she . on the other ... i like style , but it was something i had to learn over time . from my childhood to my early college years , i did not care about style . i used to wear the same thing everyday and then i moved onto ... very timely post . i was just about to post a rant about how it is as a merchant . consumers do not know what it's from the merchant's perspective . i am a cashier at my parents ' business . first of all , ... all infjs have this . it's a gift that needs to be developed . it can be used in powerful ways ( i . e . , being able to understand someone who is hurting ) to impact the world . but one needs to learn to be ... how did you get to that point ? i am a tech geek , but i do have some restraint . it's more of an overall shopping addiction that manifests itself in different areas of interests at different times . i feel like i didn't have interest ... holiday blues http://youtu.be/3rnNy0pPliE i didn't know pringles were made out of corn ... ista , how do you know that this forum post is even real ? how do you know that this is not just an imagination that you created ? : laughing : lmao ! i can just imagine ista getting a kicked out of this in front of her computer screen . we're feeding her with what she wants . intps are great debaters , i should know ... my brother is one . don't mind me ... i'm just jotting down some notes ... i think you need some love , ! : tongue : you've been hurt too many times and need some healing to remove that pain of yours ! i saw this car commercial the other day and it reminded of infjs . it works for this thread , too . if infjs were a car , i guess this is what they would be . hyundaiusa's channel - youtube yup . internet addict , shop-a-holic , perfectionist , and who-knows-what-else here . as everyone has said , if i am prepared and have a confident mindset , then i can do pretty well . i enjoy delivering profound messages to audiences that will captivate them . i like to put life into my ... thank you for sharing that . that was incredibly brave and i hope that it helped you in your healing process to recover from such a situation . that would be a difficult choice for almost anyone to ... i try to find a balance between grace and truth . i think it can be done ! sometimes , i come across really difficult choices in my life that i analyze over and over again . because i am able to analyze my choices from multiple perspectives , it makes it difficult to make a ... i am a very slow eater . i eat especially slow when i don't like the food i'm eating or i'm thinking too much about what it tastes like , if it has germs on it , etc ... i am slow at a lot of things . i ... this poll doesn't even make sense . first of all , there should be no you in the question . second , the first two answers are trick questions because yes and no mean the same thing . ( edit : ... you said it yourself : the best solution would be work in something that works with your natural personality . begin a google search for infj careers and see what stands out for you and then take ... tears . ; ; ; _ ; ; ; quick answer : go for it ! you know what they say , men tend to marry women who are similar to their mothers . ;) has your intuition ever gone out of whack ? check to see if what i'm about to talk about even has to do anything with intuition ... because i'm using my intuition to assume that it is my intuition that ... i have experienced this recently working with a client , as a trainee . i think this could be a good and bad thing . it has to be balanced because i may have the illusion that i'm helping my client when ... i don't find myself to be very reliable . : i have a tendency to be late a lot . i am working on the underlying problems , though . on the other hand , i do find myself to be very loyal . u200b there's some techniques in the helping profession that might help you . the what and how questions you asked are suitable because there can be more than one answer . those are open-ended ... sexual desire is in our blood . it's god's gift to man to get people to pro-create . it feels so good because it was made by god ! if you are having sex just to please another person , it concerns ... i wouldn't want to be the one who is dominated , that sounds like rape ! i would go at the pace of my future wife and ask her how she wants it . idealism at its finest ... # become a licensed clinical social worker ( i will be an msw next year ! ) # have a decent paying job where i can practice therapy and other social work skills # move ... while what you guys are saying are all valid , i think that we could all use some personal growth to deal with this extraverted society . it's too bad that the extraverts don't get tips about how to ... we need to truly love ourselves first , in order to truly share how lovely we are with another person . by the way , it takes a lot of work to get to that trueu 200b point . :P you are the answer to my question ! ... the answers lie within . follow your gut . stop questioning yourself so much ! that was totally me a few days ago . one fork in the road , but i'm still alive ! i guess i've learned how unhealthy i am , lol . luckily , i'm going to therapy . wine--it's more classy . but both taste like bleh to me . i want it to stay that way . nature or nurture ? be sure of yourself . tell yourself that you know what you need to know . you fear that you will fail . if you blank of in class , close your eyes for a few seconds , take a deep breath in through your ... i don't like mathematics or biology / chemistry / physics . i can appreciate the basic foundation of each subject , though . i am a very hard worker so i would become good at math because i tried hard . i am ... it's natural to study something and want to find out more . curiosity is useful for people who want to learn . the only way to know if the material makes sense to you is to test yourself without ... i am the quiet guy . i am studying , surfing the web , watching movies / tv shows , listening to music , writing , thinking , etc … alone . i have a colorful wardrobe and i am wearing a graphic t-shirt or plaid ... planes . drama or comedy ? six words cannot describe my life . i am guilty of wanting material stuff and my list can go on and on ... what i really need is a lot of inner healing . the presenting problem is my attachment to materials things . the underlying problem ... i love shopping ... too much for my own good . i like to shop in-store and online . i mostly shop online because of the convenience and good deals ( i have amazon prime ... ) . i am an impulse buyer and ... i will admit this now before i wait any longer and decide to not post it . do you talk to yourself ? sometimes , i think i'm mine own best friend . i understand myself on a level that no one else ... well , you may be right about trusting your intuition , as what i said was only a guess . i'm sorry to hear that not trusting your intuiting has led you to toxic situations in the past . i like to ... every day , challenge yourself to do one of those things you fear . ask yourself , what's the worst that could happen ? and what's the best that could happen ? the best will triumph over the worst in ... this is so funny ! i was just thinking about this a couple days ago ! '