' i don't know if it was the best one , but undoubtely one of the best compliment i received was about 2 weeks ago at work . my boss ( who is the big boss of my company ) took like half an hour to explain ... funny . being myself an entp who has spotted another one at work , that's how i manage to get some things done by this other entp . hey entp , too bad you can't do that , i'll have to ask someone ... you deserved your 3000nd thank . i try to make money by investing in stocks . + 20 % per year , + 56 % so far , after taxes ... it's lucrative and entertaining . i love it . goes great with your incredible eyes ! i don't know , maybe you should show us ? i think i'm handsome . i know that : 1 / i can be mistaken because of genetics , which makes men always think they're more attractive to women than they actually are ; 2 / being a man , charisma , ... your cognitive functions : extroverted intuition ( ne ) | | 10.92 extroverted thinking ( te ) | | 9.08 introverted thinking ( ti ) | 8.61 ... death and nonsense . are you very reluctant to argue or are you prone to argue to defend some value or belief you have ? sounds infp to me . i hate journalists who pretend to be specialized in everything but who don't make any effort to study in depth the topics they talk about . i'm afraid she has already started . i should have noticed the eyebrows and the signature sooner . damn . to be honest , i find funny-colored-hair kinda cute for young women ( a little less for 50yo women ) . when i was your age , i had dreadlocks . that was a bad idea . hard to figure out what a girl whose eyes make her look like a dog or some antelope could be with a pink hair and a rounder face . 345778 you look way better now . i'm sure you're no evil but some pure incarnation of kindness and gentleness . i can see it in your gorgeously made-up eyes . i have to confess that i just took a look at draculaoverlord ' s profile and found her and her incredible eyes so cute . if i relate to what happens at my workplace , we may often procrastinate but achieve in a couple hours what others achieve in weeks , and the quality of our work is often way better . something which ... yes you are and it makes me quite sad ' cause before i met you i've always got along very well with enfps . actually , it's because i thought inferior was the 3rd one . i was trying to show off using the mbti terminology and thought it was 1st dominant , then 2nd auxiliary , then 3rd inferior , then ... two things : 1 / it's not because you started this thread that you have any right to tell what people should or should not say ; 2 / it's not a question of who's right and who's wrong . for now , it's ... thanks , that's what i meant , but not what i typed ;) i have no idea if there's a single intj female here , but lots pretend to be . welcome , fellow entp . that's inferior extraverted thinking : if some experts say something , then it has to be the truth , there's no need to have a deep understanding of what we're talking about ;p because you didn't make any effort to understand what mbti is . it's not a question of letters , but of functions . letters are a trap because they're just a shortcut to identify a pack of functions ... and so what ? is it supposed to prove some point ? i wasn't trying , in my previous message , to prove any point . i just wanted to be sure that you would be able , if you wanted to , to learn more about ... just saying , but what's quite annoying for people here is that your answers only deal with some extremely simplified mbti theories / tests . you have never answered to what was about jungian cognitive ... i only flirt with people i like , or people whose i know they're not going to take my flirt seriously , or people who are already in a relationship i know they would never leave . there can be ... if you act good enough to let them think that you actually believe in these traditions , i think it would be trolling . plus , you will have the satisfaction to have filled their mailboxes with dog ... what about filling their mailboxes with dog poop , then mailing them that you did that on the purpose to put the bad eye away after reading such a thing on a blog about ancient chinese traditions ? what about filling their mailboxes with dog poop ? don't want to talk about that with you anymore , that doesn't lead to anything . i just wondered what you were expecting us to answer , once you noticed that no one here thought you were an actual ... it's not easy to make me laugh out loud , but you actually did . you're good . lovedragondon back to serious . there's no need to get upset , if you think you're an entp , fine . but here you come with a thread basically stating hey i'm an entp with a 100 % enfp behaviour ( and ... got a new haircut . 34442 have to admit that you're funny . o rly ? o_o ... you post a lot on facebook . oh yeah , could definitely be ! i don't think so , or he's really excellent at imitating my enfp friend . as every entp would have done , i don't take for truth what professional psychologists say just because they are professional psychologists ( that would be such a te behaviour ! ) - and moreover , i ... because there's no f / t dichotomy . there's an fe / ti ( ti / fe ) and te / fi ( fi / te ) dichotomy . that means nothing to say i'm a f and just stop to that . f-doms like enfj and infps don't use the same ... % is ok while talking about introvert or extrovert . entp's and intp's core aren't that different as functions remain the same , but in a slightly different order . would be difficult , i think , to tell ... also i'm pretty sure almost every entp who have been really caught by the mbti stuff did try to see farther the tests which are nothing more than tests (= possible bias both from the test writer and ... enfps are ne > fi > te > si . entps are ne > ti > fe > si . i spot fi when i see someone strongly valuing his principles ( like i'm an entp and there's no way anyone could question that ! ) and acting like hey ... i wouldn't dare , dude . i would feel bad to hurt your feelings . yeah . it's a test for enfps . are we on facebook or what ? ( this guy is obviously an f ) '