' < ! - - begin template : dbtech_usertag_mention --> @ < span class = highlight > <i> < a href = http://personalitycafe.com/member.php?u=42494 target = _blank > meltedsorbet </a> </i> </span> < ! - - end template : ... living overseas and not having access to comedy central , i'm a bit late to the game , but glad i finally discovered amy schumer . her milk milk lemonade sketch had me nearly snorting my drink out my ... when i was in my teens and 20s i was lucky enough to build a core group of wonderful friends who i trusted and respected , and who returned the feeling . they didn't always agree with my opinions and ... 368714 3687 22 fox mulder - the x-files . <3 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HZHHnEa2Cx0 this is what modern beat poetry can sound like . <3 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kUyrRn-9rEQ some of the most beautiful cinematography in a film rich with it ... and for me , some of the most beautiful images ever put to film . what an awesome , ... there are lots of bands whose music i love , but it's worth mentioning the musicians i respect the most for what they do beyond music . i know people like to trash bono but i admire him . he's genuinely ... it seems to me a lot depends on your expectations and what you want out of the experience of having a family . if you want that stability of dual income , of having someone to share the work of ... nichya , it's madagascar , in the central highlands near betafo . that country is the most ethereal place on earth , seriously . 366378 would love to zap myself back to mada right about now . <3 wow , that is seriously creepy ( and totally cool ) . do you know how to walk on stilts , laughmore ? :D that's a great poem - did you write that , kalopsia ? i used to adhere to radical honesty , until about my mid - 20s . it did feel really good , having that sense of moral clarity and the joy of integrity knowing you're living according to your principles ... just got awakened at 2 am by a ~ 5.0 earthquake , epicenter 15 km ne of here ( islamabad ) . that's the third i've felt here in the past 18 months . i'm grateful they haven't been strong , because the ... like i said , the english teaching companies teach you how to teach . they have their own methodology and it doesn't require you to understand grammar . otherwise no native speakers would ever be hired ! ... thanks for sharing , laughmore . i'm always grateful when someone turns me on to great anime . i'm feeling stressed and sad . i have to decide where to spend the next four years of my life , and none of the options are ideal . what i want is a pretty big city with : 1 ) a good variety of things to ... it seems like most of my stuff comes from just a handful of stores . work clothes ( and jeans ) from ann taylor . casual stuff mostly from loft , anthropologie , macys , nordstrom and sometimes h & m . and ... and lots and lots of vegetables . yes they're carbs , but they're necessary for your health . i did exactly what you describe - roasted chicken breasts and egg whites and literally nothing else for like ... age : 36 gender : f country of residence : pakistan nationality : american languages : english , french , survival malagasy this reminds me of my years in tallahassee : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3zDHSLDY0Q8 another great it crowd episode : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jy8QnJB_E_g and this ... in the 90s ... don't downplay what she's doing or think my situation was worse . every instance of abuse looks different and has its own particular story and details but they all share someone putting another person ... hi nichya , i'm so sorry this is happening to you right now . it's scary , stressful and heartbreaking . we just never expect the people we love to treat us this wrong , and that label abuse seems like ... ghostsoul please do ! i'd read it . :) 17th century africa or pre-columbian central / south america would also be fabulous . why has nobody done this yet ? today was a pretty good day for me as well . it's the last full day of my weekend vacation in bangkok before returning to pakistan tomorrow , and it's impossibly humid and sweltering , so i decided to ... oh_no_she_didnt that's wonderful ! wow , even better than expected ! i love days like that . i'm so glad it worked out that way ! <3 artistic philosophical caring honestly , all three but probably mainly caring with a side of philosophical . 1 ) what is your current profession / career / job ? i work in international development as ... aelthwyn i've pondered on the differences between music , poetry and songs as well , and agree each one is its own distinct form of expression . i'd nuance the idea that songs contain poetry set to ... i am amazed at everyone's tidy handwriting . holy cow , the school system did something right after gen x . they switched the style of handwriting taught to us three times in primary school ( cursive , ... 361922 this deserves to be bigger but i can't figure out how to insert pics without them being tiny . : rolleyes : i highly recommend madagascar to everyone . that place is beautiful , exotic , diverse , a biodiversity hotspot with beautiful scenery and loads of national parks ... the people are kind and welcoming , ... rift - any particular reason why you specified women ( not men ) , and asked that question at the infp forum ? :D maybe we can tailor our responses better if you can give us some context . congrats , stelliferous ! that's wonderful news . in tennessee you should be able to enjoy a very good quality of life with that income . wishing you the best of luck with your preparations . :) artemis 2x4 i think it's kind of both . some people like debating and can do it without getting offended / offensive or making it personal , but for a lot of people , having their ideas challenged is ... oh_no_she_didnt oooh , sounds like fun ! sending you good vibes to get seats . :) welcome back , itsmyhead ! tell us all about it ! :D ladyaeroniel i love those too . :D especially when there's a special screening and an improv comedy troupe to make fun of it as the film goes along . a recent screening of the leprechaun with a very ... rune this is all very enigmatic . i'd love to hear more . what were you doing before , and what are you doing now ? amelie is one of the greatest infp love stories ever told . :) emotional in a very good way , as in , the world is alive with wonder and beauty . others that move me : gladiator pride and prejudice ... have you considered teaching english in an asian country ? they set you up with housing , give you training on how to teach ( you just have to be fluent in english , and you are ) , pay you well , you don't ... oh my god , i thought i was the only person who ever owned that album . some family friends gave it to me as an xmas gift when i was like 7 . i used to love it . :D laughmore i do the same thing . i used to be more confrontational and debate with people , but realized it didn't work as far as influencing their perspective - it would just shut down the ... keep it up , monsieur melancholy ! ! :) congrats on your self-discipline and determination ! arzazar szubrasznikarazar if you genuinely want a better life and not just to berate life and other people and deepen your suffering ( and extend it to others , at minimum your family ) , you're going to ... arzazar szubrasznikarazar have you told your mom your plan ? i think you should . it sounds like you feel you need to do this to lighten her load . odds are good that she is going to be horrified that ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZUKglZZoy8s classic old school rap . back in college i put together a compilation of the stuff that was popular when i was in junior high , and this track is on it ... oh_no_she_didnt 100 % with you on this . we've got to foster connectedness between people , and they are role models to those children , and you're 100 % within your right to enforce that at work . my ... right , and this becomes really flaming obvious when you travel to developing countries . it's painfully evident how unbalanced the distribution of wealth is , how the middle class and even much of the ... brilliant and well said , meltedsorbet ! the whole post . thanks for articulating that sentiment so well . you've hit the nail on the head . i loved your post - i've had a lot of these same thoughts myself . i think it has to do more with the work world and responsibilities than the strictly social . i think people as they get older give ... '