' whenever someone is unwilling to admit to their own wrongdoing , i often give them the silent treatment . i can last for a long time . only on the weekdays ! : happy : infjs are the devil ! : angry : i would like to see just one day where every news channel has only good news , where the sun is shining with few clouds and breezy weather . histrionic ? sun : aquarius moon : virgo mercury : pisces venus : aries mars : cancer jupiter : libra saturn : aquarius uranus : capricorn neptune : capricorn pluto : scorpio ahaha ! : laughing : nope . never got in trouble . where home is really about getting away from it all - nytimes.com there ya go . barton fink . alice - estj hatter - entp rabbit - intj then you don't need to be around those people . do for yourself . yeah ... what other people say is probably not that important if you're doing fine as it is without their say in it . i seem to have a small problem with allowing the little things that people ... this is true . i very much so have this problem . lmao wow . gaydar . cowardice , to me , is just being too afraid not to . - brownies - marshmallows - pickles - cheeseburgers - apples - bananas - mashed potatoes & corn - bbq ribs - daquiri-flavored ice cream from baskin robbins that's pretty tough . now would be the time to start that though . : bored : unheard of ? pssh ... sometimes i'd act sexy in front of red stoplights , thinking that if i got whoever was watching the street cameras to drool enough , they'd make a puddle heavy enough to push the button for the green ... i love all of these feelings . :D i was going to say acoustic guitar , but i see where this is all going ... : cool : i like googling dream dictionary , and they've got this site that has every little item , color , and event you would find in some dreams , and it defines them for you . however , looking at that site's ... firstly , a girl alone will not make you happy . in fact , girls are not necessities . secondly , get help . you need it . i really like having my extraverted-sensing friends around . i get a kick out of confusing them with some off the wall theory i just made up in two seconds that somewhat makes sense . it's like scaring ... raz from psychonauts ! http://www.oxmonline.com/files/u12/psychonauts_raz.png have a conversation . have a laugh . took the mbti assessment first , got the result , and i couldn't believe what i'd read . took the enneagram , sloan , socionics , and temperament tests , and found that each result was linked back to the ... people lie to me . i leave it alone . they come back asking why i've left . i shan't say a thing . swear to god , it feels like i'm not allowed to feel sad anymore . i've got no one who understands the mental weight that i carry around all of the time . when i try to have them understand my lot , ... sounds a lot like an infj from what i read . my kid sister is having a hard time dealing with family right now . her enfpness shines when she's with her friends though ! even still , home life is hell for her . i hate catching people doing something they shouldn't be doing , and when i bring it up , they get offended by me having mentioned their action , and then continue to behave as if it never happened by ... freakin ' lovin ' it ! : tongue : that's exactly what i did on valentine's day ! singing to patti smith helps me . mother - istj father - intj brother - ? sister - enfp 6 . when you do express your feelings , you get giggles instead of advice . i've only felt connected to a girl once in my life ( i'm only seventeen ) . what's so funny about is that she was the one i talked to the least , but i was around her the longest and most often . silent ... you stole that from lemony snicket , didn't you ? the second argument is valid in its own right . here is a video to prove it : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fHZx3PGXrug in this video , tiffany explains how she grew up in a community that ... my father and mother were and intj and istj . given the circumstances , a lot of importance was placed on family . they are both very organized , and do not like to be out of the ' know ' , so the i and ... after reading the funtions article just posted on the front page , i've come to the conclusion ( which has been concluded so many times before ) that it is our lot in life to develop our introverted ... good job . : happy : what's that supposed to mean ? would you feel guilty after backing out on a date ? donnie's funeral in the big lebowski , yeah ? youtube . powerful . youtube - smashing pumpkins - silverfuck live 1994 you're the first infj i've seen who also reacted confrontationally to different situations besides myself . : shocked : '