i don't recall much , i just remember your willingness for debate and conflict made me think of you more extp , and the threads with flirting and romance has me thinking you lean more towards sensor , ... just from what i've read in various threads . i know it sounds silly to type a song , but i'd like for you all to give me your input on what vibe you get from the music , the lyrics , everything . it almost made me tear up , so this wellspring of ... i've always gotten an extp vibe from you with the way you interact with others on the forum . but as you know , keyword : vibe , speculation . nihm , thanks for the invite b0ss , even if i've shown up fashionably late . and from what i've read , there's not much else to say from here , tride , ff , and gc have taken all the good points ... correct , i would like a bit more one-on-one . and sorry for the lack of context , i'll try to explain better in this post . i ask intjs because you all have generally very similar thought ... over messenger , facebook app . usually it'll be some weird nonsensical statement , as those usually work with someone who's attention i desire . but over time i've dropped less and less thought ... how to get my intj to actually respond to messages / requests to hang out outside of college ? seeing this thread pop up in the infj subforum had me a bit embarassed upon first impression , but of course , the protectors never fail to impress . however , we'll be sure to not let this free praise ... do you test people ? to see where their limits lie ? how much they can take ? how do you test ? do you test people prior to entering a friendship ? a show of weirdness or an odd glance around the room ? do ... i often disregard others feelings in a discussion . would this be considered unhealthy ? like i've gotten good at weilding my te , but i'm still weak to insults and unprovoked criticism . i love to ... i'd thought it was a cache issue , but it seems as if a gear that drives the clockwork of our cafe has rusted to a halt . i'm sure our intp leader has a thought on the matter though . once i croak and pass on from this vessel , strap my corpse to the inside of a rocket , and launch me into space , no matter how ridiculously expensive it is . allow me to rest alongside the celestial ... no offense to the op , but the horse has been beaten enough . the horse is skeletal . the horse cannot take another blow , lest the entire topic behind the charisma of infjs and enfps fall apart at the ... she sounds esxp . i say this because of the above boldened , and also because from your listing she doesn't have the star enfp qualities that most , if not all , inspirers tend to share . tell me , does ... sorry to derail the topic of conversation , but i'd like to consult with my enfp sisters and brothers on a topic i consider rather sensitive , though other types may feel free to give their input as ... * sheepishly raises hand * haven't been called a robot , although i love robots . though i think they prefer the term android , actually . a riveting romantic story . boy meets girl , or girl meets boy ? i've actually heard recently that in life , you either actively seek out who you desire or you passively let the world around you allow ... they're introverted . i can relax and not need to push a conversation as the flow tends to occur naturally . around intjs they sorta pull me into my introversion , and i don't mind it . if anything we're ... what's up pb , nice to see your intro post . after many years of you lurking , it's good to hear you've decided to join the personablecorner , purplebee . sorry to hear about your enfp childhood crush , ... you sound hardly awkward . welcome to the posse , text . from your intro post you sound like one of the most interesting enfps i've ever seen , actually . wanting to be friends with everyone , and then disappointed when everyone doesn't want to be friends with us . an enfp without friends is a dead one indeed . typical anime protagonist . the last two pages of this thread again reveal to me how immensely cute you infjs are in personality and likely physical appearence as well . ( i'm speaking to females and males here ) . not hard to see ... that's actually the thing , hahah . i'm fairly passive around most people , even though 16personalities list me as leaning towards assertive . assertively passive ? perhaps . but anyway , the moment i'm ... she's gorgeous , intelligent , and quiet . typical intj . those of you who have helped me before generally know whom i'm speaking about , but i suppose this is a thought dump with an open question at the ... like 1 in 3 . if we have romantic affection for you , we'll definitely come back around like a comet . eventually . if we're on the fence , could go either way . but giving a person space never usually has ... it sounds to me like either he realized his feelings for you were not as genuine as they truly were or he's slowing down in his advance , and reevaluating his approach . i'd recommend you try talking ... ask away , the exposition booth is always open . ah , this mode of activity . if anything i'd like to think this is innovation mode . feelings are pushed to the back while we're under the spell of ... i rarely make promises in this day and age . i'm aware of the constantly changing present and wouldn't want to leave someone out to dry due to something happening that's out of my control . however , ... i've tested infp twice now , with the i / e portion leaning more and more towards i everytime i take it . i still refuse to change my label , though . you couldn't possibly be talking to me . take your disaster pick . there are a lot now that have been delayed indefinitely . supervirus , natural disasters , solar flares , societal collapse , a . i . takeover , meteor impact , the list goes on . it's ... they're not easy , quite the challenge . which is what i believe makes them appealing . i'll be sure to check an intj out from the library , seeing as they aren't easy to read . definitely a new experience . and my greatest challenge yet , gotta configure the knobs and levers just right so i don't whoo them too quickly or weird them out from my ne . usually ne takes the ... be an inxj . we'll come to you . you only returned because of the mention i sent out . glad to see you're back though falling f , you bring life to the forum in more ways than one . i remember a cooking instruction where me and my infj bud as usual were horsing around ( this was a long time ago mind you ) because we were bored of repeated pointless activities and the ( seemingly ) ... wow , i think i just had a mind reading . mick travis , now i know what you meant . and mango , i actually think it gets better as you get older . hanging out with any male after work / college is ... everyone knows that the enfp capital in seattle , washington has full authority over where the enfp population is distributed , how densely numbered and with what types . you've been sent on a mission , ... went on a long walk home from work , going down a highway road and then going up main street . the buildings are early 1900s ish and most are abandoned . walmart stole most of the business from the ... i'd like to believe that any intj-enfp relationship is capable of working out , but due to a lot of hidden and not so hidden factors . personal preference ? maturity levels ? time spent together on ... i actually surpress my emotions a lot and tend to think internally , so i think i come off as an entp in public . the world is a cruel place kid , and i can't afford to walk around with my fi showing ... i've seen you mention your en-ex-p a lot around the enfp and inxj forums , are you okay ? i have maybe 2 enfp customers for every 1000 , and everytime they come around i am elated . so charismatic and charming , the males can sometimes having me question my sexuality if the conversation is ... i'd like to think a lot of us mask our type while in public or at work , and it likely comes natural too . you can attract enfps with enfps , unless they're in their cooldown period , then they need the ... i'd thought we were one short on last week's headcount . welcome back angelcarnivore , missed ya . now if we could only get falling foxes on the horn , it'd be a party . any type can reach that stage of irritating , even our own enfp kin . it's pressing the wrong buttons at the wrong time , being aware that it's the wrong time , and persisting in your endeavor to piss me ... she drops these extremely sly hints in conversation , but i'll never act on them . too passive , not at all like my active and engaging extp bud , who has already gone for it one too many times and ... a large majority of us are perceptive empaths and we love studying the person in the crowd that doesn't want to be seen . fortunately , in most cases , we can do so directly and close as the other ... close friend . the most i can say is he is a firm confidant of mine . he's very understanding , and not judgemental at all . i like that , it means i can come to discuss things with him others ...