' i'm an entp mother with an enfp daughter . arguing with her is like trying to persuade a lamp-post to bend . i'm happy to talk alternatives and if there is a difference of opinion , to find a third ... your scores are : care 77.8 % fairness 83.3 % loyalty 38.9 % authority 30.6 % purity 47.2 % liberty 63.9 % your strongest moral foundation is fairness . your morality is closest to that of a ... it's about preferences , and the strength of your preference indicates mostly how you would respond in any situation . i can use si ... i think ... but almost never do . helps to understand how you ... mbti entp ( e 56 % ; n 100 % ; t 85 % ; p 60 % on full test ) enneagram ( with wing ) 6w7 but suspect enneagram is bollocks . alignment ... i'm not sure my cognitive type was made by anything around me . i think i've always been this way . at least , have always been nt . possibly the e / i and j / p bits have shifted around a little over the ... when you ... oh , hang one a minute . what was the question again ? when somebody brings you an emotional problem wanting support and you explain the motives of all of the people involved , and look at them as if to say ta-da ! there , i sorted it out for you and they ... mmm that doesn't describe me . does describe infp though . i relate a lot to other posts here about symbolic thinking . and i talk in metaphor a lot . i jump off conversations with surreal leaps ... agreed . happens occasionally . doesn't need any fancy personality typology thinking , just know yourself . know it passes . you're having an off day , go easy on yourself . that's it , really . i get less ... can affect : yes . can as the sole agent cause dangerous rises in intra-ocular pressure , no . you should perhaps get a second opinion from another eye specialist as you are seriously concerned . or , ... well , why would they ? intra-ocular pressure is a function of production and outflow . unless you have a blockage to outflow ( glaucoma ) then pressures are unlikely to rise high enough to be a problem , ... i've been working in healthcare for 30 years . i'm bored , but pension and mortgage . i wasn't always bored , but it's been a long time . the only way in which i could use my ears to subvert others was if they were so large i could trip people up with them . seems there is a lot of overthinking going on here . men are simple beasts , and entp men ( guessing here , as i'm female ) are very simple beasts . if you like him and he's available , say so . but if he's ... my personal values are dictated by rational thought . so it isn't a dilemma for me . no idea what the links are for , but the answer to your question is a simple no . never been diagnosed with any psychological disorder . had a short bout of depression in late teens related to ocp , resolved when i stopped it , have had overwork-related anxiety , resolved when i took ... the starting premise is faulty , there is no evidence really that ' entps are at the bottom of society . all it shows is that on average they are associated with a slightly lower household income . ... i have trouble remembering where i parked the car , and if you ask me what i did yesterday it takes me around two full minutes to remember it . i can't remember lists very well . in fact i need that ... well , intj daughter dealt with it . i sent her back home to talk with her parents the night before the party , her mum welcomed her and said they'd all talk when dad got home . he did , and was just ... entp extraversion is not social , it's about ideas . how do you solve problems , do you lock yourself in a room until you have figured it out , or do you bounce ideas off people ? do you think up cool ... your insights are spot on . your approach is istj's . the dispute is that istj forbids intj to attend said party and she intends to go . in the event that she goes , istj has told her she is not welcome ... hi i wonder if i could ask the hive-mind for some insights on how a conflict could be managed between an istj woman and her 17 year old intj daughter . things have reached the point where the ... hi all i find myself as the go-between in a dispute between my istj sister in law and her 17 year old intj daughter . this has reached the point where the daughter is threatened with eviction , and ... op , don't stop being you . nothing wrong with being honest with people . but some people will misinterpret it , and either love you or hate you for it . their problem . you sound just fine as you are . ... i think that parenting is a three-way process ( if you are lucky enough not to have to be parenting on your own , then it's a two-way process ) and depends on the combined types . so for what it's ... sometimes this is a subliminal message : do you really want to do this ? does it realy matter ? if you can answer that question objectively and the answer is yes , then i find the timer method works ... i think the extrovert thing is more about how you problem solve . i behave like a social introvert , hate small talk , often silent in gatherings ( years of letting people see the content of my head as a ... i'm rubbish at competitive sport , and bored by the gym . i run off-road , when i can find the energy ( goes in bursts ) and do pilates because it is good for me . that's it . i suspect morality has as much to do with learned values than personality type . i would say that i approach moral decisions logically . but my values would lead me to make decisions that do not ... you know you're a mature entp when ... people tend to assume you're an introvert , and when you think about it you realise that you've been very quiet in gatherings for quite a while now , simply ... - personality type of your partner : enfj - your age : ( approximation is ok ) 52 - length of your relationship ( is it still going on ? ): ( approximation is ok ) 23 years ( married 20 ) - did you find a ... david , you don't sound all that well , to be honest . hard to say from what you've posted , but it comes across like you have been over-thinking yourself into an anxiety state . suggest a visit to your ... ezzackly . most standup revolves around either shocking / surprising people or generating a feeling of nostalgia . you might use the surreal to get subject matter for your set , but that's what you ... ne is good for standup . however your average standup audience won't get the degree to which you use it , you might have to tone it down . it's also ... standup is highly scripted , you can't just stand ... honesty is important . truth is important . if i had to choose between being truthful ( according to your own perceptions , of course , truth is relative ) and being kind , i would have to be truthful ... han solo isn't ? loki does chaos because he is hurt . he doesn't like it , except in a revenge sort of way . his sense of self has been attacked and it is not ok . speaks of unhealthy fi to me . he doesn't think very far ... loki is infp , i reckon . too much resentment of past wrongs to be intp . tony stark is entp . black widow ... istp . captain america estj . thor ... agree , esxp . bruce banner i think intp . he and tony ... you are all too kind . we have a great and supportive ( for a fee , of course ) bunch of accountants . i'm being as supportive as i can . i think it will get easier . i'm not sure it's that easy to file any type as understood . i think we might be more difficult than many types . look for paradoxes . aye well , at the end of the day the mood is much more upbeat than at the beginning ... as if the beginning never happened . after all these years , i still find myself surprised by this ... that the kind ... hmm . my husband of 20 years . anchored into a business lease on premises for at least 3 years . lots of money tied up . think crash and burn is really an option . that's my current strategy , but it ... hi folks . can i pick your brains for advice on stopping my enfj from drowning in anxiety ? he's just started a new business , everything is new and difficult , and as with many startups , he is ... i dunno , how long have you been together ? needing a couples therapist after only a few months ... whatever type he is , do you really want to be with him ? you can't select someone based on type and make ... there isn't a direct correlation with enneatype and mb type , they are looking at different aspects . neither system really takes into account values , beliefs , shared history etc so i'd be wary of ... there isn't a direct correlation with enneatype and mb type , they are looking at different aspects . neither system really takes into account values , beliefs , shared history etc so i'd be wary of ... interesting thread . from the other side , in general i can sometimes struggle with xnxjs as their certainty that they are right ( the ni thing ) is just not consistent with the several other ... thanks . i was interested to know how it might go in a work environment . do you two types get on well ? how would you balance out , if you had to work together ? this may be related to another thread i have posted here . but just wondering . '