' i never got into it either lol i'm a short 5 ' 7 : bored : i can't say this happens to me , or maybe they just don't ask me out . lol i gave myself the nickname mr . oblivious for similar reasons . that's a very good way to put it , i am also 90 % of the time placed directly into the friend zone ... not the greatest thing . i definitely have more female friends than guy friends . i find it difficult to connect with other guys . this is my problem as well thank you , yes i do lol i lived with three other people for awhile , it was really cool other than the apartment was way too small for that many . definitely i think the experience has a lot to with the type of people your ... i was considered more mature than my sibling for sure . and i definitely felt wise beyond my years , some of my friends did the most stupid / dangerous stuff ... most of which would end badly , ... yes i am ... i find the difference between infj and the other types is found in the difference in distance from who we think we are / who we want to be vs who we think the outside world wants ( needs ) us to be ... definitely an interesting topic , the divide between the three selves can be quite frustrating . my best friend is a istj , he drives me crazy half of the time . but his st helps ground me when i'm over-thinking too much . alcohol doesn't affect me like that , letting go and having fun is hard for me . have fun i guess lol agreed , i think there are a lot of quotes which are loosely creative but done really strike home for me anyways . ... i don't i feel neutral , i guess both sides have there problems . the whole thing doesn't seem that thought out . yes ... some times it gets me into trouble :P i've really enjoyed this thread lol i definitely relate to a lot of these ideas . and personally i browse the internet for hours looking for personalized ringtones for people i care about ... most of ... welcome to the forum , hope you enjoy the conversations :) that does sound like a train wreck , but it does sound like something happened behind the scenes that derailed everything . definitely not an excuse by any means . hope you find your answers to your ... lol he's lucky that you listen to what he says even a little , soo many people don't listen ! ! argh although at the same time we are not always right , even if it sounds like it makes sense . agreed , it sounds like it more of just a time thing . there are times when i'm mad , but not really . i just have to work through it . i enjoy it , although when forced to learn it ( calculus in university ) , it became a nightmare . stress definitely brings out my unpleasant side . for me hating is in the past , its like walking backwards . sure it can be fun at first , but once the novelty has worn off your too focused on the past and not the future . and eventually you'll walk ... hey welcome to the forum :) hey welcome to the forum ! :) i know a couple of enfj in real life , in my experience they're not the type of person who lives on the forums . they tend to be really busy work & volunteering etc . i'm a fan of strategy games like starcraft 2 or the civilization series . not going to lie , i laughed at this title :P lol i am such an over emotion nerd i feel for you , i've been that infj ... * shifty eyes * in my experience for me love is like an addiction , thus cold turkey seems to work the best . a friend relationship might not be possible until ... i briefly dated an esfp , for the life of her she couldn't understand me . that was a train wreck of an relationship now that's definitely a major problem . i've been in this situation and the guilt was definitely there . for me my logic was it is better to help them ( make sure they get home ) then to go against the emotion . this in turn made me feel ... very powerful thread , total respect for zomboy , for being true to himself . i was also teased in high school about being feminine or gay , and that really made me question myself . no matter how many ... lol as we speak i'm researching artificial intelligence programing : tongue : im going to be stuck on this tangent all day : wink : yeah that was something my mother told me before she passed away ... its ok to be a little selfish , don't let people abuse your helpful nature . got to love highschool / junior high so many people who i would rather not have to interact with again . i'm in the same boat , university did help me connect with people . but not at the level i would like too . some times it feels like i have 3 lives home , work , and school . i have a midterm tomorrow ... : tongue : ... i really should study soon : unsure : ah the exciting adventures of the roommate : tongue : a classic i have that problem , my last relationship was like that . i think she broke up with because i was having problems switch modes : frustrating : couldn't have said it any better : tongue : i know three people who took the test and got infj although two them i doubt . ok the first one is a friend of my best friends girl friend never really knew . the next i was being setup with we both ... the past is over so don't worry about if this had happened ... if you like her be open to the idea . i don't know i not one who should be give relationship advice lol : mellow : aries :p roud : hey welcome to the forum , the more you explore the more you'll get out of it . : happy : welcome to the forum : happy : i don't have one yet but i will soon , and then i'll prob change it a million times . i think its really important , it tells the world who you were in a sentence or two . i find it very poetic '