' you are 92 % hsp . - i'm not surprised .. sun : aquarius moon : aries rising : scorpio this is without ophiuchus . i like my signs . anyway i find this an odd combo for my sun and rising sign . oh well , it oddly fits me well ! 1 . i used to have the radio turned on lightly in the background at night when i am sleeping but recently stopped ... because then : 2 . silence hurt my ears , but i'm learning to cope with it . 3 . i like ... i'm forgetful at times . that one blue notebook i took notes for class 3 months ago .. i still can't find it ! i must've misplace it . oh well , i don't need it anymore now that exams are over . it ... i like fall . i also like winter and spring . i don't really summer . i'm not the lovey-dovey type . it's just hard for me to express every amount of love i have toward him . so for me , being there with him and supporting him when he's going through a tough time is ... frustration which leads to anger so , frustration . babytalk is just not for me .. i would like someone to protect me as i do others . but it isn't necessary for me . i just don't crave for it , why ? because i don't feel defenseless when someone attacks me or hurt me because i'm ... i'm reserved when meeting new people . i'm sometimes silly when i'm with very close ones . but i don't often become silly , it's only when it hits the right time , or whenever i feel like being silly , ... i gotta say i'm mostly a morning person . no matter how late i sleep , i'll always wake up early ! i'd go back to sleep , but somehow i can't . i think i'm getting old ... but i'm only 19 ! anyways compared ... i kind of resonate with you . to be honest i don't really have a big connection with my relatives . i knew them when i was younger , but as i grow older , it's like i grew apart as well . but i don't ... hrmm maybe that's why i love car rides and looking out the window .. i'm usually low voice that's a bit mono-toned , how fun lol . : frustrating : this just reminded me one thing . my family says my sister and i sound so much alike , especially when on the phone . they ... crystal - 12 indigo - 10 blue - 10 w / red overlay .. when people want to criticize me about something , they usually say it in a more ' subtle , don't-want-to-hurt-you ' kind of way . it's another way of telling me what they really want to say . i catch ... they say i don't love enough . i've ever been called ' selfish ' for not loving enough , but they say i only think about myself ( which is along that line ) - . - ; i don't consider myself selfish ... i know this is a little late of a reply , but what i read on your post just reminded me something funny . ta-ha ! and at that time i didn't know the mbti existed . now just thinking of it resonates with ... i usually don't realize what my facial expression is like to outsiders ... only when they point it out or by the looks of their face . that's when i will tell myself , oops , time to ' relax my face ... =D evp stands for electronic voice phenomenon . it's when you capture a disembodied voice that is unexplained when recording it with a recorder or w / e . you didn't hear it before , only when you play ... i caught my first evp yesturday at home alone in broad daylight . : 3 i don't like the feeling . i think a hug and reassurance that they are there for you will cure the feeling of emptiness . i do realize i avoid people who i don't trust . i don't make eye contact to those i don't trust , simply because i don't want to acknowledge them in my presence . i don't need to give them eye-contact ... i forgot sweet . : 3 quiet nice weird bright there are a lot of times when i'm in a situation and in that instant i have a feeling of deja vu . and it's that constant feeling that makes me remember that i dreamt of it with the exact position i'm ... sometimes i feel that i have anger that i don't know about . and if something triggers it , i may explode . but that hasn't happened yet . i hope it doesn't happen though ... but if it were to happen , i ... i believe that psychic phenomena is real if you just tune in it . believe it or not , one time i lost my phone charger , and i really needed it , i searched frantically every inch of my room ! i still ... i actually dream both ways ( like yours ) . just that , the time when i dreamt about mom's black van was me not being there but watching ... like you said . i do interact in the dream with people , just ... don't worry , i believe you . i have them too but i wonder if anyone does too ? is it a normal thing ? because i often experience this from time to time where i dream about something and later it ... you know you're an infj when others call you strange and you thought you were the only kind in the world called earth . you know you are one when you get teary eyed just reading these posts and ... just started reading the first 3 things and it made me teary eyed ... maybe because it resonates with me so much . t . t fairness ( 100 % ): people strong in the consistency theme ( also called fairness in the first strengthsfinder assessment ) are keenly aware of the need to treat people the same . they try to treat ... i hate the thought of having to lose someone close to me . my parents especially . i choose to go first if anything were to happen to them . i will take that chance to keep them from being gone , ... you're so quiet . what are you thinking ? you look mad . to be honest , i don't remember the last time i felt jealous .. really . i'm trying to think of what makes me jealous but nothing comes to mind . i think the reason is because i don't think much ... or ... i just nod and smile . :) i understand . i feel no different from the people i associate with . it's normal for me to be this way because i perceive things that i think are abled by others . so from my perspective i think they ... i did think back in my younger days that i was the more mature kid . an old soul surrounded by children . now i feel that , as a child , i should have been more like them . more care-free and lively ! i ... 36135 i took this with my camera . sorry for the bad quality . anyways , it's a broken doll's head that i painted in high school last yr . i like toy story . : 3 never did . never will . i like people :) but once it's too much , i try to get away from everything : loud noise , people talking , the heat they give off .. etc . i usually go outside and just take a walk or sit down and recharge ... i never ask for praise because i don't like to be the center of attention .. but if one comes to me , i sometimes get embarrassed especially if its shown to others to see . i feel very uncomfortable ... i don't think i'd do anything . i just admire them from afar . which is really bad because what if that person likes me back ? i'm told i'm hard to know , such as what's going on in my head ... so it's ... if i tease that's when i am very comfortable with someone . i also tease ( sarcastically ) people when they get on my nerves . i wouldn't say i forgive , i just brush it off , but i dont recognize the person as they once were . i view them differently . i don't really care about them once they have done something wrong to me ... hello . i'm new . just thought i should join you guys and have some fun ! so , nice to meet you all . [-: '