' i love it . i admire your goals , i also am interested in teaching . however i've come to realize , maybe incorrectly , that the collective humanity is like a mystery that can only be solved by allowing the ... i sometimes think life is one big knot . don't feel bad , i'm the same , i have a trillion lifetimes to live divided by a single moment - leaving a depressing remainder we call reality . amazon prime has it :) but youtube does too i think . so - there are times , that i look back at my childhood , and one show comes to mind . david the gnome . now , i had not known at the time , that my great great grandfather came from denmark . however in ... hi abigal - i currently work in the software field , and while i do enjoy solving problems , i've come to realize that my emotional self is a beast i often must tame . emotion is such a hard thing to ... i struggle with this too . right now i'm trying to make a bunch of things work , such as finishing my associates degree - while also paying down some debt . you know i need to make everything fit , but i ... i don't know about any of you fellow infpers , but i certaintly love books . now i frankly don't mind that books say something , surely you would expect them to . but that isn't why i like books , no no , ... there are mountains of symbols and each one burns with the fire of the sun and represents a soul lost due to atomic warfare . there are times when i love programming . i am still working on my degree . i'm very interested in graphics programming . perhaps graphics programming is more in line with your interests ? i follow the prototype religion , that believes there is a universal pixel which all forms arise from - the intersection between decision making and images - as a general study - that looks at ... when i was a kid , we had 2 german shepards , i am thinking about getting a dog . i also loved my grandmother's poodle , but i am not sure . this is an interesting perspective . i have never taken medication , though i am sure my sisters would have prefered me growing up a little less talkative and annoying . however i enjoy being ... nice :-) are all of those 20 tabs pictures of cats ? i've always wanted to help people too . i think i would like to write a book on reality meets the imagination . i'm also interested in virtual reality . nice , same thing happened to me growing up . ( still happens , and at 28 i haven't grown up yet . ) awesome , there is a school down the road called digipen , i've often thought about going . thats cool , game maker - not something i've ever used . however it sounds neat . i'm going to learn python in conjunction with openstack ( for virtualization of computers ) . i also love game ... someday if i do have kids , ( has to get out in front of the computer though . ) i would like to provide them an environment i did not . where they can explore their creativity , and feel safe and knowing ... well at 28 , i think i'm still addicted as ever . anyone love computers ? i spend so much time in front of computers . i tend to think about what is possible with computers . programming for ... i'm an infp with add , it is really more about getting my brain to focus - but lots of things are going on , it seems i abosrb everything which becomes more thinking , feelings and grasping - i guess ... the images that we perceive are of course from the perspective of ourselves . the nature of electromagnetic waves can of course be described as an independent and general theory , but the actual ... i hope you do as well . it would be interesting i'm sure . i'm almost finished with my associates . it has been a long journey but i'm getting closer . john that is wonderful , i think this letter is very beautiful . it reflects your soul of course :-) you are going to make me read aristotle , i love these quotes . i am going to be alone again in washington dc this upcoming weekend . i think as long as my job dosen't make me feel isolated , and i can be okay sometimes . i really have a hard time being alone . i ... mooortal kombat ! ! ! sorry i could not help it :-) that's cool .. i tried to play the final fantasy 13 i think , and it wasn't too fun for some reason . i know many liked it though . i haven't had a whole lot of luck in the friends department . i moved around a lot as a kid , and i've found myself increasingly working , as i work myself to death at 28 . i'm moving to washington dc ... i know you mentioned final fantasy 7 , but did you also play final fantasy 3 ( i think it was a different version for japan ) for snes ? i am only critical when i think a problem is being ignored . however , i am sometimes wrong in my observations or conclusions , most people think their views are the only right ones . i used to talk to my friends about them , they din't like to talk about them but just play them ... go figure :) i just loved video game discussions . yes i love those games too . i think i admired the ... i love video games , especially classic games , like nes , snes and sega games . of course i love a lot of games on the pc too . so a lot of my friends were intj or entjs . i noticed they seemed to ... do any of you just think about anything you want sometimes ? or do you think you are being forced to think of what other people want you to ? i'm often debating this in my head . i understand to some ... sounds like you need a good controller for your ui bound to a somewhat complicated logic processor . i'm working on such a framework . there are many rules engines out there , but i haven't been very ... i ignore them , most of them simply do not understand what i am saying and refuse to do so . i've started to realize that a lot of people cannot handle many depths of symbolic conjecture - they need ... i have the opposite problem , i talk too much . none i am ! ! sorry i can't follow the format , but let me tell you about one of my characters who grew up in the digital stream of 1 ' s and 0 ' s . this character is a freind to all that inhabit the universe , for ... well , i grew up on in poverty and essentially an absent father . my mother was also off in another world , reading books instead of helping me learn or teaching me to read . i struggled a lot in school , ... hey - i admire them . i think it is quite amazing what some people are able to acomplish . but the olympics , that is such an amazing thing ... i used to live watching gymnastics olympics . ( this was ... in all honesty ... i want to know what symbols can only know , i want to follow them into the corridors of a vivid imagination and witness the bleeding pages of the earth as the visions transfer ... once i finish my associates , maybe nyu ? i'm not sure . i think it would be fall 13 ... i'd like to transfer into computer science ... wow , i love these forums - the people here are so interesting and i can often relate to them . i just wanted to share some general feelings ... the last few years , oh my ... wow it has been ... wow - i know exactly how you feel . i would scream at the top of my lungs right now - if i wouldn't upset the neighbors . life is absoutely nuts right now . but dont give up . i'm also returning to ... i admire people such as yourself , it seems that so many people have wonderful talents . i know what burn out feels like . there are so many choices and it all seems so overwhelming . i've recently ... a lot of people say that negativity is bad . i think some people operate on it . i for one am considered a negative person . keep in mind that a negative person is not a person who is not kind . actually ... i stand here alone in the corner of a room , a cold draft of wind makes the hair stick up , and i shiver in a kind of self reflected lonely terror . i close my eyes to sense the many jagged lines that ... '