' smile or wave , that way you get a reaction you can analyze . remember , as infj's we run the risk of resting bitch face , it can be intimidating and people may not show their interest as openly . also ... when people think just because i'm not smiling and flailing around that i am not happy . if they are on time , i show up on time . if they are always late and shoddy , i give them the same treatment . while yes existence is meaningless , thats awesome because humans are sentient beings who thrive on creating and gaining pleasure from meaning . for a connection , you dont just need a girlfriend , ... exercise ( sprints , crunches , weightlifting ) music shows movies eating cheese hanging out with a close friend orgasm reading for fun comic books walks , usually with music . whenever you need your friendly neighborhood spiderman , he'll answer within a week or two :P . i'm sorry to hear you came from a terrifying place ... just imagining how being an empath probably made it worse . i was lucky , my childhood was a decent middle class upbringing . i do feel like ... i use it to entertain myself , for wish-fulfillment , and for practical matters such as potential futures . bioshock , watchmen , joss whedon films , music playlist ( too fuckin long , too little time ) ... okay some examples : for good - wicked , beside you - marianas trench , hiyao miyazaki films , code geass , ... if you are content in your life aside from the facebook like thing , i say your okay . if you aren't happy then obviously something needs to change . i will say this , i became much happier and ... i'm scared , but not terrified until the majority of my countries people show total idiocy , i am willing to give everyday people the benefit of the doubt . i mean many will stand for the national ... loss means there exists something worth it . i embrace the feeling of loss , so i can feel the love even moreso when i get it again . lol i mean i respect my country , but it made me scared to see everyone doing the same monotonous motions ... especially after studying nazi germany and north korea ... welcome to the spiderman 616 inner circle profiles , this information is sensitive so the subjects names will be changed to their respective code-names . penguin ( she used to waddle when in her rida ... i was always rebellious against authority . ever since i was self-aware i would not stand for the national anthem ... you can't decipher the code without the encryption . and with human beings the encryption is one-on-one in person conversation . empathy . our hearts react to the world . and we feel our pain , and we understand others feel it too . we feel happiness , and we understand others feel it too . we want everyone to have the better ... depends on what they are building up to . would i support someone like malala yousafzai ? yes . would i support someone like kim jong un ? nope . if someone is trying to bring a smile to someone else's ... i know its scary to open the door , but people don't know you want to talk if you leave it closed . i know its scary to let them in , but they are scared to come in as well . i know maybe opening your ... depends on the situation and who i am around . you know those picture of space where there is a swirling of colour and shapes and the dreadful but also exhilarating feeling of infinity ? it's like that , but in my head . sounds like he needs a friend , or girlfriend / wife . because i am happy , relaxed , and content . i have a family and friends who love me and support me . i'm not opposed to dating . but i am not actively searching . if i meet someone awesome , if i don't ... if you stay in an unhealthy relationship all you will do is grow in unhappiness and resentment . you can't help yourself or anybody unless you give yourself a chance to become your own person , and you ... like most people , when the infj balances the hero and the asshole they are more content and well-rounded people who allow themselves enough perspective to offer something awesome while keeping their ... happy , sad , aggressive , bittersweet , name the emotion , it hits infj's at their core . emotion is not only the infj's strongest reaction to the outside world , but is also their initial reaction . while ... if it is starting to affect your quality of life in a significant way then yes . but if your shy to go to a get-together , but then open up and have fun , even slowly , it's not bad . it's bad when you ... lol okay maybe i came on a bit harsh . but i find that once people find out their types , especially infjs , typically tend to expect others to make concessions for them . heck , when i first found out i ... i punch through small-talk with my empathic charm and cute / creepy grin with bugged out eyes that would give a squirrel on pcp a run for its money ! 8D but seriously , just bust out the deep stuff ... yeah i have this sometimes , but then i realize the friends and people that matter are the ones who realize that im human and will make mistakes . and we will forgive each other for freudian slips . the ... if a person doesn't like the real you then why the fuck should you care what they think ? learn to look for and appreciate the people who don't judge you and talk to them . talk with the people where ... move on . as cold as it sounds , he's a grown human being . if he wants to fuck up a great relationship with someone who truly cares about him that is his choice . if you let yourself get dragged down ... as an infj i noticed a paradox , while i am shy and like to be alone as i become overwhelmed by absorbing too many emotions at once or for too long , when i am alone for too long i strongly desire the ... infj's are prone to going off in our vivid imaginations , if we don't lock eyes we will lose focus . the beauty of the empty purposelessness of existence is the lack of beauty . that leaves space for you to make your own . try things , learn more , take your time . enjoy the present too , friends , family , ... that i have the greatest insight and control over me . my advice is accept her decision to be with the other guy . and move on romantically . but if she is a good person / friend , keep the friendship . but do not wait for her ( romantically ) or be her bitch ... i like cheese :) what do you like ? spiderman never ignores ! 8D ... someetimes to a fault ... but anyways , you don't have to go all gung ho , but be firm about it . i mean nobody is happy in this situation . if you call her on her crap she ... x-men : the dark pheonix saga by chris claremont astonishing x-men ( 1-24 ) by joss whedon ultimate spiderman : the death of spiderman by brian michael bendis spiderman : to have and to hold by matt ... sorry old man rivers . i won't quote you again . as for the reason i use fuck , well first of all i have the freedom to , and i don't see why one word should be given so much meaning . not to mention it ... based on personal experience , i am neither an optimist or pessimist . do i sometimes feel optimistic ? yes . do i sometimes feel pessimistic ? o yeah . but i don't let those terms define me , because if i ... i would argue if someone rebelled only to rebel against the establishment this paradox applies . but if someone makes the choice to rebel because they believe it is necessary it is not this ... okay this is late in the game ... and you seem to have really grown and gotten better :) . but you wrote that you are still kind of going through a rough time , so this is for incase you still are .  ... my advice is straight up tell her what you told us . if you want , offer friendship if she is willing to see things your way and improve and stop making you feel shitty . if not start practicing your ... personal opinion , by no means a be-all-end-all advice . stop using the infj typing , and typology in general as a restriction . it's easy to use infj as a category to plan your love life ... but ... being vulnerable won't kill you . getting hurt won't kill you . you are going to get hurt . it's inevitable . it's deciding , or moreso allowing yourself to find the person who is worth all the ... depends , if she is trying to act strictly to society's view of masculine probably not . moreso if the case is she is not going to let societies human constructs determine who she is , and is willing ... stop going on full tilt 100 % of the time . in order to not burn out you need to let yourself recharge . honestly , you don't need to convert or to whatever , but i suggest looking into existentialism ... contemplating on how to sound profound . but for whom ? if people think i am profound , does that make me profound ? i eat popcorn and ponder . mmmm . cheesy popcorn . i like it . my friend's and ... '