' inj , same as now . though i do think i was slightly more inclined towards ' feeling ' as a child . before my mum managed to get rid of that side of my personality .. :P it works ! extravertedsensingfeelingperceivingstrength of the preferences % 8931756 7 no and i wouldn't . because simply , there's a ridiculously small chance of winning anything significant . with the number of tickets you'd end up buying before you won something , it's really not worth ... my brother ( istp ) was awful for this when he was younger . he seemed to love getting a rise out of me , and knew exactly what buttons to press . he knows how highly i value my privacy and personal ... my mum is an estp , father i would guess is an istj ... i don't have as much contact with him , i am an intj and my brother is an istp . only correlation i seem to get is we're all t types . i have an ... i know this is just speculation and generalisation because types are so diverse ... etc ... oh well . time for my input . :) i'd immediately be inclined to say istj though i have nothing to back ... i do enjoy art , but i don't make time for it anymore like i used to . i think i like it because i like trying to show the things i imagine in my mind - a lot of the time , i'll picture incredibly ... f types in general . i've never really known many of them well , and my family all seem to be either very strong t types or feel that emotions are a weakness . don't take this the wrong way , but i can see why he thinks you're being rude . we're not comfortable with complete spontaniety , but i guess he could have planned it and not told you in advance , if he ... if i like someone a lot , i want to be around them and spend time with them . i don't like physical touch at all and i find it difficult to express myself in words when i feel strong emotions . i'm very much a thinker and i show emotion because i can't control it . i always wished i could just hide everything and put up a facade , but i don't seem to work like that all of the time . in general ... my mum ( xstx is all i can figure out ) always asked my opinion when she wanted to decorate a room . i'd end up suggesting perhaps a couple of bold colours which i think look nice together - or just ... it would be worse to be considered manipulative rather than selfish . because selfishness doesn't intentionally seek to use / harm others . it is solely the act of doing what will benefit oneself ... i live in a house of five at university now . i often end up going for the whole weekend without a decent conversation and it even annoys me of all people . i however , don't get along with my ... i've had to do one before , but since i'm only 19 , it was for a part-time job alongside my studies , which i wasn't all that concerned with . i answered honestly but like you , i'm pretty sure they were ... sometimes it's better to be concise . maybe they want to encourage that ? also , my skeptical side says they just don't want to be sat reading loads of extra pages . and as said by others , it's ... i tend to get these moments where i suddenly feel motivated to work , and then i find when i start , i often get really into what i'm doing and can study for quite a while if it's an interesting topic ... when you find yourself in a pub with friends and it's 11pm and they want to go to another bar . you go home because you have a 9am class the next day and don't want to risk being late for it . ' you ... whilst i generally don't forget to do such things , i do lose any interest in eating if i'm stressed . if i'm really focused on something , i resent having to get up and stop what i'm doing to go to ... i hate it . i live in a house now with four other first year university students . the situation's evolved so that the two most extroverted houesmates live practically as a mini-family and do ... most hated question / demand of all time : so , tell me about yourself ... makes me want to implode . what do i say ? what are they wanting to know ? how do i not sound like a total idiot / nerd ? so many ... i just hate it when some extroverts ( because a lot aren't like this ) are completely ignorant of the existence of introverts . said extroverts don't think twice about invading my personal space , going ... the future , definately . you can learn about the past through books at least , but the future is completely unknown . i'd be so excited to see all the new technology and developments which would be ... i know people with over 1000 facebook ' friends ' ... i have 96 . all of them are people i know and like , and have or have previously had a fair amount of contact with . mostly consists of people from ... because it's pretty much guranteed i'll find some people expressing thoughts , opinions and ideas that i can agree with or relate to . that doesn't seem to happen in my normal , everyday life . i like ... i'm in the uk , it's quite a different system to the us . i go to the university of leeds , which is a massive place and it offers lots of majors , though is academic in comparison to leeds metropolitan ... this ' universitising ' bothers me . i'm in university now ( my first year , actually ) and have been extremely dissapointed in some aspects . since i was quite young , i guess i romanticised the idea of ... i get stressed over the tiniest things , yet i find it strange that the things that stress me out , other people seem to see as petty . yet other people get stressed over things i think are incredibly ... i don't , and i find it extremely annoying when people do . the worst person for it is my mother ( estp ) who never stops talking to herself , and i can't tell if she's talking to herself or trying to ... i do all of those . lol .. the whispering one is a very rare occurence saved for my math teacher who patronises us . ' just shut up please ! ! ! ' favourites : geography , closely followed by maths and physics . least favourites : sport . nothing comes close . i also disliked history , and things like drama and music because they seemed pointless ... i do it all the time . i hate nothing more than when i obviously don't want to talk about it and people keep pressing the issue and get annoyed at me for not telling them what's bothering me . i feel ... the ' that's illogical ' variant couldn't be more true of myself . sounds like my brother . i'd say he's an xstp , but i don't think that's very much related to his obsessive computer / tv use . i'm a slightly more chaotic than typical j . my desk currently has empty cans of pop all over it and some papers for school . my actual computer desktop is a picture of a band i like , and i have a ... mother : estp younger brother : xstp ( can't tell if he's introverted or just a failed extrovert ) me : intj father : ixtj ( don't know him that well , but it's the best guess i can make ) my mum and ... the idea of doing any sort of mind-altering substance scares the heck out of me . i hate the thought of losing my inhibitions . i need to feel in control of myself all the time . and yes , i'm also ... as an intj , i've been described as either ' chaotic neutral ' or ' neutral evil ' as well as ' true neutral ' . i identify with all three , but most strongly with chaotic neutral . i have a huge dislike for sports . i just don't get it . the atmosphere , team playing , competitiveness ... it just does nothing for me . if i'm going to be active , i go to the gym or go on a bike ... ugh .. i hate phones . only reason i have one is to keep in touch with people if i need them , and because ' it'd be weird for a 17 year old not to have one ' - my esxp mother's words . it's probably ... uh , hey . as an intj , i don't like talking about myself and all the little details . so i'll just say that i'm chaz , i'm 17 ( and i act middle-aged , according to most people , but they can't see my ... '