' i have an inattentive adhd , not combined . you're right , it's not anger , it's more in the lines of frustration . i think the frustration for not getting what i want and lack of things i can't ... i know this might be more suitable for a therapist , but i'm curious in what kind of input i would get before spending money . i feel like i reached a dead end because no matter what i do , it never ... i bought a pre-owned ps4 controller from gamestop for my mac and it paired wireslessy naturally.now i'm playing shovel knight , broforce , dust an elysian tail , and apothean . i'm also fooling around ... you're right about this , i should definitely seek the first choice and see what their campus has to offer . i wasn't really make a decision final since i'm waiting for the financial aid . i think ... according us & news college website , the class ratio for msu is 17:1 and um-d is 14:1 ; students with fewer than 20 have more percentage than msu . i've decided on um-d , primarily because i don't ... any advice that can be helpful that influence the decision ? well considering i have until fall ( maybe august / september ) , but i do have to make a decision beforehand because i might have to look for an apartment much earlier , and get settled in . i also have to ... when making big decisions like this , what's the best way to approach it , you reckon ? i know it's not an overnight decision . i'm not going to lie , i'm not sure ; i'm waiting on my financial aid . this is a projected estimate , but $ 23,000 . it's a tough pill to shallow , but i think it's going to be worth it and what i need , ... am i approaching at a wrong way ? i just don't like relying on my parents and i want to get used to the fact that i can depend on myself , and enough hand-holding if you will . yes it is closer to home , but i've never been away from home and isn't it good to experience the real world without relying on your parents and live by yourself ? i never had that opportunity . can you elaborate to why ? so i sent e-mails to various different people ( program coordinators , advisors ) , in 3 universities about the communications ( i want to be a public relations ( pr ) ) program . i'll be starting in the ... i don't read books , i hear them instead . so i buy audiobooks instead and thanks to audible , free trials i don't have to worry about spending a penny on them and i love that you can return the ... you're aware that there's low reward and high risk right ? so why move to ukraine , if you're talking about north america ? it seems odd to me , why not go to places where you can get the most data : ... looking for to buy a new 3ds ; i used to own the new 3ds xl and its too big for my hands it feels cramped and it fatigues my hands when i play games like mario kart or other action games , so i ... animal crossing : wild world ( on emulator ) gotta find more games of the sims , animal crossing - not harvest moon or farming games sims 3 i would like to welcome every one who came here tonight , instead out of with their friends . thank you for coming here tonight , and please enjoy this short story that i wrote : one last clover ... good idea , i'll certainly do that . the question where to find a pr person ? actually i thought it about a lot , and came to my senses that i must do what i love and money will follow . so that being said , i always love to inspire others , motivate others , make them feel and ... how do you exactly become a fitness or personal trainer ? how does one get paid for it ? and what venues do you have exactly to go for ? i would consider firefighter because i have asthma , and i'm ... which new jrpgs do you have in mind exactly ? i'll definitely try out the ff series , probably not the 3d ones since i don't like playing it when frames are low . i think ffi-ffix are 2ds right ? i ... yeah , that's very true - i don't think being a paramedic will be a suitable job for me primarily because i'm going to have to work out nights , it varies and i worked nights before at a retail job , ... i've googled esfp careers last night and it gave me a list , and two of them were interior design and landscape architecture ; i wondered why they suggested them if they mostly they do is just ... this also has been always a struggle for me being an esfp , trying to find that career and yet i haven't found it yet and it's driving me nuts . i realize that thinking about future things just ... eh , just the jrpg has that grind that i definitely don't like and i definitely don't play games for the story or the character development , as i'm sure you were aware . i don't mind a good story , ... i would like to thank you for everyone for coming here tonight , please enjoy this dedication that i made for happy pi day , and that i hope pie makes you feel loved too . thank you and enjoy ! happy ... i played kingdom hearts really long ago when i owned a ps2 console and i really liked it , even though it was really long , that's what i kinda dislike about jrpgs but you can't win so i have to make ... i'm familiar with wrpg style , it's just i don't like sticking with one character throughout the game . that's why i prefer group-style or crpgs , but crpgs are story based and not really action based ... i never thought of jrpgs like that , and that's very true about wrpgs like tes and fallout series . i unfortunately , don't own a playstation console or a ( x ) ds family handheld system , i manly use steam ... hmm , why jrpgs particularly ? hell no , point and click adventure are boring for me , they don't have that action that dark souls has . and no i don't want the game to hold on my hands lol i avoid rpgs because i can't decide on a ... well i just about the rest of the expansions and stuff packs for a total of $ 60 , plus i got the limited edition sims 3 seasons . i'll most likely wait for sims 4 to be completely until i bought the ... oh yeah , especially the walking dead the first season from telltale , but after that , it just seems more about the gameplay than the story itself . i mean know that it's not truly choose your own ... that's right , but what you do when you don't have the complete set ? should i just play sims 3 knowing i won't have the complete edition any time soon ? oh i hate mobile games , jesus christ they need to end ! i downloaded a house build mobile game yesterday and it was all microtransaction , you had to pay to speed up time and it's just that ... well i'm not really playing sims 2 for the game itself , just the lot / house build . however , i have to come to my senses that sims 4 seems out of reach finanically , and you know how ea is stingy on ... that's true , it's just that sims 4 has more variety than sims 2 and more up to date graphics , but i guess there's mod if you want to add depth to it . what i heard is that sims 4 is almost similar to ... sims 2 super collection for mac , i just normally do interior design build instead of actual playing game . i never stuck with a game , i always move on to the game without finishing , i just get bored ... actually , i do own sims 3 , but i don't have showtime , supernatural , seasons , university life , island paradise , and into the future as for expansions goes . now for the stuff pack , which i don't have ... i currently own sims 2 super collection for mac , and i don't really play the game itself , i just love to decorate the houses , put furniture , painting , and other stuff like an interior designer . now , ... you should definitely seek out professional help before taking advice from strangers , who knows it might not be nothing and it could be just itching . i avoid sex at the moment though , sorry pal i ... how do you feel about that ? here's a test , though i find that tests don't work for me , but hey if they work for you then great ! sensing vs intuitive ( mbti preference 2 ) - proprofs quiz you're more inuition than sensing , you can be both or 100 % one or other , but you're more inuition than sensing . this is from the myers biggs website : sensing ( s ) paying attention to physical reality , what i see , hear , touch , taste , and smell . i'm concerned with what is actual , present , current , and real ... it seems that you found your personality , so where exactly lies the problem ? what makes you feel that infp is most likely to you , what would be the deciding factor ? oh yeah you're definitely infj , it was just another to give you more proof who you are . i'm glad that you found out your personality type . :p roud : '