' i know liars piss me off , specially when they dont know about built in lie detectors to hell with scissors , i use katanas , daggers , and knives to open everything i dont have scary nightmares when i have them ... they are more disturbing . ive had one where i was helping my grand father clean the leaves out of the gutters and he fell off the ladder and smashed ... heh , everyday ive found worse and worse thing about her , but im still in a stage where i could take her back because i think she is what i need in my life . i know none of that is logical , and i ... dun dun dunnn ! its not like she tried to break my arm on purpose , but she did something stupid that resulted in it happening . she lightly kicked my ass , so i grabbed her foot . she lost balance and instead of ... i honestly thought i was the only person that does that - _ - ; ; ive even had thought go through my head like on an electric marquee board thanks for all the advice guys . its really hard to talk about stuff like this in real life to anyone . im glad ive found this place . yeah , i had to hang out with the girl after that since she was a friend in my social circle , so i tolerated her existence for a while , even though she weakened my strong arm permanently , ive got ... the pose is dubbed the gendo after said character famous use of it , or simply known as the ambassador back on topic , when im nervous , i crack all the bones i can , from every finger , wrist , ... im 27 and still have dreams where im back in high school . its kinda creepy but schools have one of the greatest means of shaping our personalities and lives . i can remember the key moment when i ... you know your an intj when : your friend point out a girl from across the room , and not only have you checked her out , but have noticed that she has a mole on her collarbone , even though she is ... dealing with animals is easier then dealing with people to me , but i couldnt work as a vet because i would be emotionally distraught of the idea of having to put animals down . i was a manager of a ... i was once the object of limerence for a big girl once . was horrible . she couldnt understand i had no sexual interest in her , especially since she had previously had relations with my best friend ... so like wearing a dress , but smoking a cigar ? i could get into that ... is this a secret like or have you had conversations with the person . if an intj has spoken to you more then once using more then one word , then you have their attention . im a big , strong guy , but ive always grouped myself together with nerds . and if no one is looking , i tend to stack things or make things stand on end . like ive got 6 or 7 pennies on my desk , and ill ... yeah , just got her to admit she cheated on me , sadness turned to rage is much easier to deal with im bad at strategy video games because its harder to read other players when you cant see them . im good at table top strategy games , how ever im going crazy thinking about this stupid trip im going to take - _ - ; ; youtube - amv minis episode 1 the only good thing that came out of today was getting lunch . it was the only meal i ate . when i came home , my ex txt'd me something meant for her new guy , kinda ruined the day . i noticed that my critical thinking can be greatly altered by what kind of mood i am in . if im depressed i break down things into their most depressing parts and then suddenly every thing i think is ... heh just cause i said we were poets , i didnt say we were good poets . ive noticed most of us have a compulsion for writing of some kind not sure if want heh , the way i see it is that we are all sensitive and our no emotions cover is our way of dealing with it . youtube - mumford & sons - winter winds i always respond positively when people call me a psycho killer . i tear them apart verbally while i smirk . teach them to talk to me when they have no game at true debate . i mean really , how many ... thank jebus for the internet . i bet our kind were all the drunk antisocial poets before mass communication was possible was just talking with one of her ex friends . she may have cheated on me , that will certainly help me get over this yeah , ive heard all the typical advice . ive always wondered if that every really helped anyone , lol the distance , the time it took to get a visit going , and the other guy in her life now ? even if she wanted to take me back , she would prolly turn me away just to not hurt the other guys feelings at ... id go with the phone thing as well , i prefer talking in person where i can tell if a person has the idea or not easily it might melt her heart , but i doubt it would change her mind . logically it makes no sense for her to go back to me . i like both for different reasons , dogs for their tireless loyalty , cats for their personalities that mirror our own . im very glad there are not more people who think like us ... if most of the people on earth thought the way we do , there would be a lot more crazy shit going on as an intj , thinking with emotions isnt easily done . but what i have done is worked out every possible outcome and try to work in ways for her to see things my way at every turn . im awkward and shy ... no , we are still talking ... it was a long distance relationship but we had been together for 3 + years ( i know thats insane for most of you people used to physical contact ) the trip im planning starts ... yeah , she said she still had feelings for me . a week after she dumped me , as i was trying to rationalize either moving on or trying for the comeback , she started talking to someone else . my brain ... the worst part about all of this , is that if i knew she hated me , or just dropped me completely , i wouldnt feel this way . id rather be feared and hated then have someone that means so much to me say ... oh yeah , forgot one thing . i like girls with relatively long hair . that helps the initial glance move onto a second or third you be trollin ' ? we have the emotions , we've felt the emotions , we just chose to say thats nice catalog it and move on . anything else would be a waste of time heh , the only emotion ive ever been comfortable showing is anger . it makes the death stare work so much better when you know exactly how much strength to use to rip off an ear , crush a skull at the ... ive got a giant stuffed puppy dog that she gave me ... that certainly doesnt help me well , is the main difference between love and limerance purely if the feelings are , or in this case were , reciprocated ? im obsessed with trying to get my ex back ... shes obsessed with just wanting to be friends heh , if it was that easy , i wouldnt need help . any of you guys have any tips on forgetting love ? it hurts me too much these days having my heartbroken ... : crying : a lil late now ive kinda always had a thing for tomboyish girls . always thought i would break girly girls '