' dunno about other entps but i tend to swing wildly in my confidence . when i'm working hard , getting exercise and kicking ass nothing can stop me . but then the cycle takes a downturn and i tend to ... serendipity requires a mind receptive to the suggestion . i realise that the apple from a tree story is apocryphal , but there is no way such an ordinary event would spark a ground-breaking idea ... apocalypse now . i've seen horrors … horrors that you've seen . but you have no right to call me a murderer . you have a right to kill me . you have a right to do that … but you have no right to ... little busy at the moment but do want to discuss this topic , i'll tap a few keys later on . that said : i consider this one of the greatest accolades a human being can bestow upon another . here is a fantastic comparison of ni and ne . schwinger and feynman both discovered quantum electrodynamics . feynman , entp , is the crow and schwinger , intj , is the mole . dyson is the fox , dirac is the ... ni isn't based on nothing - it's developed over time from all the data in a particular field . in contrast , ne is developed instantaneously from all the present variables across all fields . what's ... i notice a lot of enxp similarities here . mhmm , i swing wildly from ludicrously ambitious and optimstic to depression and volatility . the polarity between the two is a roller-coaster ride ... yup . lack of fi and dominant ne means the grass is always greener . i suspect that once si develops we may become more inclined to commit . maybe not - i don't think i could ever really settle down . ... do you find that sticking to one person - romantically , long term - feels claustrophobic ? also , if you want to tag someone in a post just type theirnamehere if there is someone called ... heh , was about to say . interesting to note the enfp-intj thing . entp-infj also click well , short term . the same feeling / thinking functions with different intuition lead to delightfully flirty ... currently going through what i think is the later stages of fe development and it can be a little painful , especially when ne lends its well-structured and calmly logical approach to nothing .  ... these are good , although : disagree with this to an extent . doing your research is a must but having complete knowledge about a situation is an impossibility . analysis cannot conclude and ... set up an expectation , break it verbally but maintain the original tone . hey , i need to ask you a pretty big question and i need an honest response . * sincere , concerned eyes * uhh ... ok , ... i think i should hang here more often . anyway , there is a sort of zen to be found in social interaction as there is in all things . approaching someone in conversation without intentions and a ... i've read your discussion with interest , animal and oak . i don't wish to interrupt your conversation but i do have one or two questions ... how can knowledge of a system such as the enneagram - ... scholar is a good word - it implies an interest in the esoteric and a more individualistic nature than say researcher which is 145 . while the 1 wishes to work within the framework set out by ... you know the feeling . your brain is sparking out , you can't concentrate and you can't stop yourself from adding further stimulation ; skipping from one activity to the next with no real engagement . ... yeah , realist . if you understand reality then why would you need ideals or plans ? both detract from the truth of the situation and neither will be genuinely connected to the actuality . easier ... unsure of the difference between realist and pragmatist , could someone clarify ? thing i love about psychedelics is how it allows me to do a lot of emotional processing that i don't really have the ability to do otherwise . whereas lsd allows you to control the trip to a certain ... give the girl a fucking gold star . heh . i can see why you might think that from the video but his passion for bongo playing , drawing , safe cracking , practical jokes and all sorts of other crazy things has me convinced he's an entp . man was ... richard feynman , probably the greatest physicist of the post-war era . the man redefined the word genius and is the archetypal entp . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9kirzr6lnSs i see you're new here . ;) this semester you're over-committed , over-stretched ( possibly overdosing ) and yet reasonably confident of your abilities to hit the ground running with an utter lack of preparation . you turn up - ... i was gonna make a joke regarding this and the post above but i'm on my best behaviour today . anyway , exercise and diet will work wonders crack on with that if possible . more specifically for ... what would you do with the truth once you got it ? enlightenment has been described as just like real life , only about 2 inches off the ground . sure , you can achieve it and then just sit there and bliss out for the rest of your life . these sort ... heh . oh yeah . the law . of alchemy . i getchya . and the whole thing about the true self being the opposite of the false self ? fucking genius . i for one am glad that you've managed to keep yourself ... aesop rock - 584 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JW6_4LNZPDo i wanna be something spectacular on the day the sun runs outta batteries . attach my fashion to the casualties of anarchy . save ... yeah i think this would be my definition of a true friend and i still censor myself even amongst my closest . secrets create a distance that is nigh-impossible to bridge . c'est las vis . i have a fair few close friends but perhaps not in the way that most people would define it . i have moments of feeling emotionally engaged with them but i think they would feel disappointed / upset ... entp : the anti-fragile lunatic istj : the rule-bound doormat entj : the anti-materialist materialist infj : the psychic , ever undermined by reality estp : the short sighted psychopath esfp : the ... combining neural networks , nano-tech and genetic engineering to allow each individual to alter their dna and biochemical make-up on the fly with just thought . increase rate of mutations to encourage ... i think extraverted perceiving backed up by ti probably gives people the ability to remain grounded while engaging in a hectic situation . estps and entps are generally regarded as the quickest on ... during such situations people often get a massive dump of adrenaline . this shuts down the more advanced regions of the brain so that the animal part takes over , so called fight or flight response ... extraverted perception combined with nt : all information is taken in regardless of personal beliefs / objectives and analysed logically above and beyond the surface . entjs may dismiss information ... scootin ' about rooftops in renaissance italy and slaying bad guys is my idea of a good time . ideal life would be a twisted combo of thief / assassin's creed / deus ex . plus some physics and guitar on the ... 78802 robert oppenheimer - 584 we knew the world would not be the same . a few people laughed , a few people cried , most people were silent . i remembered the line from the hindu scripture , the ... oh yeah , never thought of that ... what if ... like ... i wonder ... hmmm ... zones out and doesn't speak for half an hour . socratic method . with a bit of practise you can lure someone into agreeing with a statement that contradicts themselves . me : but that game is just a variation on a pretty standard puzzle motif ... i think you're right - mistaking psycho-camouflage for fe probably . he is an interesting one though . my initial reaction was xntj but upon reflection i think xntp is more likely - strong fe and ti i think ... ? psychoanalysis hardly seems the pursuit of a sensor . he's incredibly intelligent and quite ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jqSxHzqm1pw experiencing something similar . you build your own mental block , dragging yourself every inch of the way and failing because you're just throwing yourself at the task with pure willpower and each ... at my core i'm independent , my long term behaviour reflects this but in the short term all can emerge depending upon the environment : balanced is where i'd try to stay in a team work environment , ... i was thinking about this earlier today . listening to some electronic music i reflected upon how devoid of feeling a great deal of it is , or at least a little inhuman . i thought that in some way this ... can i ask why ? at first i was all iz kuul but then i was like say whuuut ? '