' that's not the point he's making though . google's grabbing top talent from the right tails of the population competence distribution rather than the center , yes , but the means of the distributions ... naw , he wasn't white knighting . he was toeing the progressive line because he thought it would shield him from their wrath ... which was a bit of a miscalculation . https://www.testmybrain.org/setup_restart.php?b=529 this is a web adaptation of an assessment that's been demonstrated to correlate somewhat with aspie status ( the eye test , not necessarily the ... bootcamp . look it up . source ? who's studying this and what key features / ratios have they isolated ? can you describe quantitatively how to identify each type ? what about ethnic confounders ? atheism ain't a religion . https://cdn.meme.am/cache/instances/folder408/500x/66897408.jpg https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9SRs3PkRWPo netflix knows who's watching better than any other studio in existence , and bojack's problematic behavior is what makes it a comedy ( consider ... your writing is so amusingly full of redundancy .. it's amusing / irony . you might find masturbating fun , but it's less pleasant to watch . yep , that tends to happen . simply being able to identify how something could be problematic within one's worldview is important though , and that's mostly what i intended to demonstrate . and not to be ... i'll let you have the last word of most of this , but i have a few objections that i think are worth making . first , contrary to stereotypes , most mental illnesses are actually a lot more prevalent ... sadly no . i don't derive higher moral truths from intro economics textbooks , but whatever floats your boat . did you even read the post you're quoting ? or the rest of the conversation ? thanks for the boring econ 101 answer though : rolleyes : well that's a bad conclusion .   ... this is such an irrelevant question . the point is simply that stupidity is an undesirable trait so it's generally devalued by society and , all things ... not necessarily . the point of the first post was to make a group seem more worthy of sympathy , which might legitimately change people's attitudes towards them . nope you did .. again . you made a specific remark about me and my perception of my intelligence and i responded , but that wasn't the main point of the response , and ( just like before ) you disregarded ... nerd =/ = smart . that pejorative implies a whole set of traits often including physical unattractiveness , social incompetence , and sometimes plain autism . plus it's not even clear that it's related to ... fallacy of relative privation ? smart people are rarely mocked for being intelligent . i mean , sure , there are some drawbacks , but would you shoot yourself in the spine for the right to park in a ... sure . that's such a vague , uninteresting argument . what would your response be if this were delivered to a black slave in the pre-civil war era ? just adopt a fatalistic stance . accept things as they are ... actually , verbal analogies were on the sat until 2005 under the verbal section , which also had reading comprehension problems ... no , you absolutely cannot infer that . the description exists to ... i'd say it likely wasn't a choice . about a third of the population has them . that may be unprecedentedly high , but it still leaves the majority without , so you're focusing on a very privileged subset . maybe yuppies are more stupidly ... are your friends all members of the working class or something ? i don't think i've ever met someone who truly devalued intelligence ( felt threatened by it and rationalized their lack of it , sure ) , ... i feel like a slightly trans-gender autistic person , but i'm pretty certain that's not possible in this case ... meh , what has reality ever done for me ? seriously though , i couldn't care less about ... elephant really annoys me . between legit or not , and right and wrong ? because sure , those are both too vague to really compare meaningfully lol , but there's definitely a difference between laws and absolute moral truths ... yes , i know that , but calling them an attempt at creating absolute moral truths is extremely excessive and out of line with most legal philosophy . they're clearly tied to moral values , but they ... laws aren't an attempt at that ( maybe to some ) . it's not illegal to lie , be manipulative , selfish , etc ( when it causes no clear , measurable damage ) . true , they reflect society's fickle sensibilities ... would you like to live in a society in which you could be enslaved by another citizen ? do you believe that , as someone else's property , you could could achieve decent quality of life ? any ... no , i absolutely am not speaking in absolutes ( regarding the assertions about the associations ) and i've stated this multiple times , i've also provided good reasons for why they likely share some ... conclusive ? you do understand that my point is to suggest that there is a correlation and some similar underlying causal factors , right ? multifactorial you're not understanding because , like everyone else , you're still thinking in absolutes . the researcher in the article i mentioned essentially described autism as a possible extreme male brain ... to illustrate the similarities between one end of a spectrum and the type in question ( because it was important to the assertion ) . i honestly just wanted to point out that it was very possible that ... i said one might describe an intj caricature as callous and unconcerned about others ' wellbeing in a conversation , not that all intjs are totally incapable of empathy . autistic people certainly are ... it's almost certainly multifactorial , but the hypothesis that prenatal t is implicated is well supported . meh , maybe you can't see it ; that's fine . either way , you should probably stop responding if that's the case lol . i mean , i'm sure cluttering the thread with gifs was useful too , right ... fine . i don't need to dispute this ; it's pertinent regardless . the phrasing of the question implied the two were mutually exclusive and i'm simply pointing out that they're actually almost certainly positively correlated traits . it's not irrelevant . right , well that's basically my point . one person can't demonstrate a statistical trend , but hey , it's always possible and i'd be flattered if it were accurate . either way , the lack of age-based ... haha , yeah .. it's wonderful for that , isn't it ? and that's interesting to hear . did it include a verbal component , or was it more like this ? because many people with relatively-stronger verbal ... i wouldn't assume that unless this person is referring to a legitimate test administered by a psychologist . otherwise , it's possible ( likely even ) that its scores are every bit as inflated as most ... ok .. good talk . no , i am not . your last post illustrated your fundamental misunderstanding of my assertion and i clarified . apparently you can't think beyond absolute statements , so i'm not surprised that you object ... right , that explains why you never responded to my last post . feel free to when you can actually come up with something compelling . wow , i did not expect this to offend ... when i refer to intj social traits , i'm talking about the stereotypical ones like reverence for the truth over other people's feelings ( which is directly ... i think mbti is mostly pseudo-scientific nonsense , so that was just me being derisive ( most internet intjs are rather enamored with their perceived intelligence ) . if you don't see typology theory as ... what is the link between autism and testosterone ? : nature news ad traits and some of the stereotypical intj personality features definitely have similarities , and my suspicion is that some of ... so you have nothing . i'm not surprised . '