' heath to heats sent from my z833 using tapatalk it's possible that she closed it to let her friend start the petition herself . she expressed that she would do that . sent from my z833 using tapatalk 20 % of millennials identify as lgbtq , and 12 % identify as transgender or gender non-conforming . irrelevant , my ass . damn , this is close to where i live . i'm sorry you all are experiencing such crap . https://i.ytimg.com/vi/Z6gG3tKDBlk/maxresdefault.jpg it's mostly the city slickers who are backstabbers . you know , the ones who are too cowardly to say bigoted stuff to your face , but will then send in a complaint to the manager . nah . i'm intellectually superior to you in pretty much every way . i know this because i've seen your posts . who the fuck cares if she flipped out ? she probably got marked by her supervisor for the show . that's the thing , you think sjws rule the world because they have the freedom to flip out on ... perception of whether others feel pain is likely to control how much concern we have over them . it's not rocket science . speculation . yeah , but sending someone their address as a threat ? that's meant to terrorize . it's not just bitch i'll rape you in your sleep , it's i will go to your home on 5567 kingsman ... yeah , it fucking does happen . you just pass it off when it does . the millions of rape threats that zoe quinn and anita sarkeesian got , the plans to shoot up a conference anita was speaking at ... yeah , but doxxing , what i was calling harassment , is very clearly harassment . first of all , did you even listen ? second of all , do you even know what someone can do with your personal information ? ... infjs , in many instances , have lacked empathy . it's not as uncommon as you think . studies show that people have varying levels of empathy for different groups . for example , there is a scientifically ... i can't fairly argue with you if you won't even be realistic about what you're saying . you're speaking in hyperboles and constructing strawmen . sjws don't have rape whistles at the ready for you ... let's break the circlejerk here . there are some people who go overboard , but more often than not , i find it's people lacking empathy and not willing to listen to someone presenting a problem . it's ... i wonder if i can spam my thread with bernie sanders propaganda ... goddammit , why do people keep necroposting on my thread ? 4 years , guys . there's some sort of statute of limitations on this , isn't there ? i mean , it can really fuck up family ties . i don't see anything intrinsically morally wrong with it , except in the case where there is a clear difference in ability to consent ( happens most often in ... i dunno . weren't women traded for goats or something before feminism ? i mean , if she was traded for a goat , she probably couldn't reject him except under threat of violence . it's considered pseudoscience . mr . meepers . who knows how many eevees are on this forum now ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2TkOfhCK4Zo penis . you all were thinking it . fight , fight , fight , fight , fight ! shit . i do . mind . blown . shit . if i masturbate , does that make me straight ? ugh ... i hate that . every time you like to do something girly as someone amab , you're considered gay . maybe i do girly stuff because * here's the big shocker * i'm a girl . and yeah , i am gay , but ... i like sauerkraut . his personality pre-obito's death was far different than post-obito's death . no , no , no ... make those jokes to the protesters outside of the clinic . it's much more hilarious . the typings aren't meant to be 100 % accurate . they just picked a close enough fit for the chart since there were 16 riders . for example , w can't be typed because w is 2 people in one rider suit . you ... now am i mistyped ? 4w - motherfucking - 3 so / sx motherfuckers . bitches can't handle my swagger . i'll fuck you bitches up . http://ak2.polyvoreimg.com/cgi/img-thing/size/l/tid/3115031.jpg kiva . better vampire love story than twilight . so wait , all i have to do for people to affirm my gender is to pull my pants below my penis and expose myself to random strangers ? it's genius ! esfp 9w8 ... from your type , i can't tell if you do ecstasy or pot . : tongue : you 4w3s . my type is better . meh , who knows ? i won't really take your word for it unless you have something other than i feel this way ... , because something tells me that you have a strong personal agenda with this . you're ... i've noticed kamen rider has a bunch of tropes it reuses ... the hero is generally isfpish in appearance . eiji , ryotaro , and shotaro are good examples of this . antihero / second rider is usually ... if you liked drive back then ... it's gotten much better . shit got fucking real . you think it was real back then ? well , it's much realer now . also , all of the episodes can be downloaded off of ... the plot had some very good questions asked that it failed to answer . overall , i'd give it a 7 . not the best , but still worth watching . eiji is the most adorable underwear fetishist i've seen . ... 1 . the antiheroes are generally istx . 2 . wizard had extremely weak characterization and the plot was predictable . beast was really the only interesting character . haruto didn't even have a ... because why the hell not ? any kamen rider series is fine . my guesses are ... w shotaro - isfp philip - intp doesn't matter . it's still impolite . a woman is a woman at her core before any sort of operation . her genitals are simply one part on her body that doesn't match her image of who she is . plus , ... please show the lady some respect . it's the least you can do after she shared her life story . it means i don't see the big deal with a guy who has a big dick , especially if it tears my rectum . psh , i wish . 6.2 inches . the person below is ... dammit i got horny thinking about dicks , this is awkward . i would guess a small to average size for the person below me because that's my wish ... boo , you whore . my enneagram type and wing are better than yours . my opinion is you're an obvious four image triad . fours work by internalizing their shame and isolating themselves from others . you have this i'm broken thing going on that clearly stems from ... it could be that you have a part of your identity that you're holding back . i know it's sort of like that for me , being transgender . not saying you're transgender , but emptiness is a common feeling ... '