' what were you in high school ? nerd , jock , gamer , computer geek , prep , ghetto or others ? i was the weird semi attractive quiet girl that played sports , so people tolerated me . but i wasn't popular ... a group of guys play a prank on a pizza delivery guy by pretending to be a cult . best prank ever . http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=wTIP7CAtAak i don't have enough time on this planet to list out my deficiencies . if i become immortal , i will tell you . what i want to say : and you're loud . thanks for your groundbreaking insight . you should write a book-you'll make millions . what i actually say : ... or ok ... show more enthusiasm ! :d ry : ... no . bad people always get what they deserve .  ... the last movie i saw was rushmore . i definitely wouldn't prefer being in a love triangle involving my prim and proper english teacher and a man who's thrice my age . plus , i obviously wouldn't be ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hOSzGYKaJGE i'm taking my senior picture tomorrow . i would practice my fake smile , but it would only worsen the pretension of the finished product . i hate being in any photographs , especially senior photos . i ... it's okay . i understood what you meant . :] yay ! i always wanted to be a traditionist . there is something about the holidays that makes me want to get drunk . unrequited love sucks . why do i have to have all these feelings that will never be reciprocated ? all these feelings are weird , and i don't like it . feelings that spur from unrequited love sucks . i ... my inner world consists of a a constantly changing , complex , and interconnected system of thoughts memories , and fantasies ruled by my conscience . my conscience is like a sarcastic evil villain ... well , i got teary eyed watching chronicle . i cried when i watched the notebook . i also got teary eyed when i first listened to wicked's defying gravity . sue me . : tongue : but just because an xntp ... sorry for the tl ;d r message . it's not letting me edit my post . things i will never say in this particular context : i love you ! ( particularly said by over affectionate friends every single time they see each other ) the one i rarely mean : how are you ? * person ... i definitely agree . forcing people to participate in class activities of that nature is really counterproductive . it just makes things so much more awkward . eh . maybe he did . since i don't know him , i neither found him interesting nor boring . but in my defense he didn't really tell me anything out the ordinary . he basically told me where he was born and ... well , my last awkward moment happened last friday during my second day in my astronomy course . since it was unofficially the first day of class for this particular course ( on the official first day ... this definitely happens to me . sometimes someone hits on me and i completely miss it . other times i disregard those come ons because i think those come ons are some sort of a sick prank . someone ... my inferior fe definitely makes an appearance when i'm sleep deprived . i also become pathetically unaware of my surroundings and i start hallucinating pillows . on the kinsey scale i'm between 2 and 3 . so for the sake of the poll i identify myself as bisexual . i'm neither straight nor gay . if god was an intp , the entire universe would only exist in their mind . i still wouldn't believe in god . yeah , it is a pain to spend time with people like that . i wish those types of people would think for themselves instead of constantly worrying about what other people think of them . it doesn't sound too horrible - i've had that experience with some girls too . i've been seriously burned by some girls who used to be my best friends . but not all females are horrible . there are some ... i'm not extremely judgmental , but the following types of people typically give me a lasting bad impression . i have a huge aversion to superficial assholes , the type who's so overly concerned about ... i do not necessarily have an aversion to physical touch ; it's uninvited physical touch that bothers me . i hate it when people i don't know hug me without my consent . it feels very uncomfortable and ... haha . maybe the chimps are on to something with this lifestyle . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NcR9af_akCw this video presents what goes through every arachnophobe's mind every time they see spiders , aka eight legged demon spawn . what if entropy never existed ? what if each atom contains an entire universe that's beyond our perception ? what if everything's an illusion ? what if flowers and trees can speak ? what if hair was ... many times i've been called ' the girl who's deeper than she looks ' . i normally look spacey and act weird around those i don't know , so i can see why they initially assumed that i was shallow or ... i only keep myself updated on science news and current events . i also follow many blogs on tumblr and follow youtube vloggers in order to keep myself marginally updated on various news . thank god i ... i'm mostly left-handed . i write with my left hand . i do things with mostly my left hand , unless a particular task requires both hands . so true . i really like lookbook , but the people who normally get the most hypes are the ones who are a little too trendy for their own good . it's a bit unfair to those who are more creative but get ... i agree - it's really interesting how they put together outfits in such an awesome way . it's especially awesome how they make seemingly clashing pieces work together into an artfully unified whole ... sometimes i sing along showtunes . even though my i don't have the best voice or especially the best range , i like singing . it's hilariously fun and is an interesting stress reliever . i'm also ... i definitely do that , only i painstakingly edit my sentences as i speak in my head . it's a blessing and a curse . i haven't met any infjs yet . but i suppose that they are interesting people . yeah , typically i have a huge aversion of being touched , especially holding hands . but when i all of a sudden want to hug someone or hold their hand while skipping through a meadow , then i know that ... when i have fallen for someone , they're often on my mind . i develop this overwhelming longing to spend time with them , to communicate with them and to know some of their thoughts . i have this ... if it's a glass of water , then i drank the water and left the glass . i was thirsty . and as someone else has said , it's always full . even when the glass is empty of liquid , it's still full of ... mbti ( along with jungian cognitive functions ) allowed me to make sense of my thought patterns and my seemingly split personality . up until i discovered mbti , i thought that something was wrong with ... i definitely have the tendency to self-sabotage . but since i'm poor , i have to suck it up and sometimes do what i hate until better opportunities came along . so the only advice i can give for you ... my top three intelligences are linguistic / verbal , intrapersonal , and logical . i'm currently in college studying english literature and psychology . i sometimes write in my free time and hope to ... omg i hate the ti / si spiral so much too . it especially sucks when many people cannot relate to the ti / si spiral moment . it's so unnerving ! i've been in a showtune mood lately . it's hard to shake it off . oh well . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6XWA7M8Pxto i was a drifter without a personality . around most people i was a chameleon , so i was able to float to different social groups . sometimes i hung out with the nerds , sometimes i hung out with the ... wow . this is classic . sometimes i wonder if romney is a parody of himself . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H1tRB7-aBr8 i really recommend frames of mind by howard gardner . it's about his multiple intelligences theory . oliver sacks ' man who mistook his wife for a hat and other clinical tales is also an interesting ... '