' the description of se . i am not that aware of my physical environment and im in my head alot . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , age , ... shy around strangers but very confident around people he knows . has an im the alpha male mentality . picks on the people he cares about but will also do anything in his power to make sure theyre ... 1.click on this link : flickr : explore ! look at the random photo for about 30 seconds . copy and paste it here , and write about your impression of it . ... im guilty of doing this from time to time lol , but i think most people are . i dont like the term gaslighting though , why not just call it lying ? ive said this about donald trump to many people ... when you can't understand why people aren't as up for fun / doing stuff as you are . wanna play soccer in the rain ? - nah we'll get wet i got an extra concert ticket , wanna go ? - nah , i ... i'm starting to doubt whether i'm actually an estp or some kind of ne dom . do you guys as se doms ever day dream or zone out ? like when you guys are bored in class or stuck in traffic do you ever ... i doubt he was estp i used to be a really sore loser but i've matured since than . i love winning but if i lose i accept it and move on . mbti should have an impact though shouldn't it ? if all variables like looks , money , and location were the same , don't you think some types would have significant more success than others ? yes this is stereotyping , but it's just for fun were outside . i actually lol'd i actually think there is a strong correlation between types and what you listed above . 1 . ) certain types , such as intjs , would probably score higher on iq tests than most types . 2 . ) this is a ... sex on a public beach , she was 36 and i was 21 at the time . some elderly woman walked by us and said ive been there before lol http://personalitycafe.com/whats-my-personality-type/735569-help-me-out-guys.html#post24100657 0.is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... 450634 estp 450642 intp way too long to watch , sorry . try keeping it short and sweet like ej arendee . have you ever hung out outside of work ? or at least texted / talked on the phone ? donald trump ? ? i don't really become more talkative as i already have plenty of charisma while sober :D i do become much more emotionally volatile , i'm either acting like a huge happy goofball or i want to fight ... bump lololo we treat everyone we care about like a little brother . we pick on you non stop but will fuck up anyone else who does . 1 . click on this link : flickr : explore ! look at the random photo for about 30 seconds . copy and paste it here , and write about your impression of it . ... lol basically a 9 not sure if this is an estp thing but i love rain because i feel like it intensifies everything . kissing in the rain is more romantic , fighting in the rain is more badass , sports in the rain is more ... also i am 100 % an enneagram 7 sx dom if that means anything . - what makes you angry ? people disrepcting me . people hurting people i love , mainly my family . ( this is the main one ) bad people making life hard for good people with their evil actions . also failing ... you enjoy thinking of ways to successfully commit crimes , even though you have no intention of actually committing those crimes . doing my part . people who are more physically attractive than you ask you for dating advice . i think the esfp one is much worse i get along best with esfps . or at least people i think are esfps . well the babies would probably behave more animal like , because no matter how intelligent they are they would need time to learn how to build houses and stuff . as for being se , i don't really know ... i'm only 21 and haven't had any real jobs yet . my favorite thus far has been car salesman and my least favorite has been deli worker at firehouse subs . 330346  3303 54 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XcHAebR9Aa8 lets get this thread rolling https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=47lpMMkjy9g come on guys , nothing ? do it for science ! bump . entp ? 1 . click on this link : flickr : explore ! look at the random photo for about 30 seconds . copy and paste it here , and write about your impression of it . ... / thread i think most estps would score in the middle . i got type b but didn't agree with it much . i'm laid back , relaxed , and mellow like b , but competitive , goal oriented , and outgoing like a . i am a ... unrelated , but your avatar is awesome ! exfx a / b personality test right male generally speaking , yes , they probably are . obviously no studies have been done , but i assume the average sensor spends more money on clothes , more time getting ready , and more time at the gym than ... '