' 26 ? ikr ? ? ? it's like it's one of my downfalls . i don't know if it has something to do with attention / seeming impressive but man . also , i didn't know i was bumping on old thread but i think some ... more than once i've liked my friend's boyfriends and even flirted . :| and i stuck a sticky substance in my sister's hair that she had to cut out when i was a preteen .   ... sigh hmm . estp . tmlt spend too much time in a candle store , smelling all the scents . i think only one of the xstjs would enjoy such painstaking work . dang ya got me , ninja . estj . i know they would work themselves into the ground . tmlt try to revive an old trend . istj or esfj . tmlt run for mayor . hey , david ! welcome , welcome . i love your tater-tot-lookin ' avatar . ;D my question to you is : what kind of person am i that i chose the italicized oof ? because i'm sure you were trying to analyze ... hmm ... esxp ? ? tlmt collect antiques . 1 . romanticizing ships sounds fp . 2 . hmm . enfp . gotta love our short attention spans . 3 . i love this quirk ; it's so cute . sounds ne . 4 . hmmm . this kind of throws me for a loop and makes me think ... i definitely experienced a lot of praise when i was younger based on natural skills vs . effort . the reason i think innate talent is so lauded is because parents ( where most of us get our foundation ... esfp . tmlt still enjoy coloring books . my estj dad does something similar to this all the time lol . tmlt get nervous when standing up for themselves . ixfj . tmlt be content watching children's shows with kids . good questions ! i had to think about them . i'm an enfp and got enfp . :) i think charity is very important . by default , i don't think humans are charitable . in current society where excess = success , there's an emphasis on an individual's happiness and achieving their ... maybe esfj . tmlt compliment too much . okay , so , i'm going to continue to preface my posts on here with this : i'm not very practiced at typing or super versed in functions but i have been known to peg a few people here and there . that ... isfj . they love comfort , if my mom is any indication . tmlt eat cereal for breakfast , lunch , or dinner . entj . tlmt want to be a real superhero . enfp . just because i relate so well to that . tmlt to meticulously take care of their lawn . maybe esxj because of their leaning toward more traditional systems ? tmlt to spend a lot of money on home decor . infj . tmlt to try and rescue every abused animal they see . ... i feel mean answering this question but i can only think esfp or estp . but i love you guys ok cool tmlt to cry at a bad grade . i have never really taken a crack at typing people ( besides just ~ vibing ) because i feel i need to increase my knowledge in functions and whatnot but i can speak to being an enfp . sometimes i can ... enfps lololol . tmlt happily wash someone else's feet . this is a great exercise ! i can get down on myself too so i should probably practice this often . i love reality tv . not like keeping up with the kardashians ( although i used to watch that so ... you're so intent to be original that it paralyzes you to come up with new ideas and efficiently blocks your creativity . :| like , oh , maybe this would be a good idea ... turns into that's not ... 22 i am so sorry to hear that . :( that is a terrible day to have . my three words : lazy , snowy , planning . me . all . the . time . or lose them . i'm holding onto hope and being diligent with my current pair . i'm not great at flirting tbh . i spend a 80 % of my time with women or men i'm related to . : laughing : but when i do flirt i try to keep it really low-key and most of all just try to express genuine ... not sure what exactly your conflicts are and i've never met an entj but i do have an estj father so that's the closest i can draw comparisons to . i don't know if it has any basis with the enfp / extj ... hola ! i'm trying to learn spanish ... my skills are limited . but it's really nice to meet you and i hope you enjoy yourself here . i think it's awesome you're here and hope to see you around ! i can definitely agree that i have plenty of people around me who motivate me because they're more focused and able to carry out plans , so i think it's great to have people like that in your life who ... essentially , when it comes to looking for a partner , i'm looking for a partner . someone who will complement me the same way i do them . we'd have to have the same faith and outlook on morals , ... i had a fourteen-year-old tell me he nearly refused to believe i was eighteen . he guessed i was no older than him but i guess it's just because the girls he probably knows look much older than they ... when you and your istj sister get into scuffles because you take her stuff , don't put it back , lose it ... damage it ... etc . i would like to change my name to captain cam , pretty please . personal ~ name - what do you preferred to be called ? - any nicknames ? my real name's camron , but i prefer to be called tootsie . it doesn't really make a difference to me anyway . ... you're right ! you're not as educated as i am . muahahahaha . you're intruding on my time to meet new people ! cease your stalking , buttface . bonjour ! or salut . one of them is apparently informal or something , ( so says my weirdo friend . ) but this is an introduction , not a french lesson . i'm tootsie . : 3 i've been enamored with mbti , ... '