' well , with the use of steam , producing the game is waaay less expensive , so they can make more profit out of the sales , since they are producing less physical copies . and since you don't have to ... everyone hates dealing with steam ’ s customer service , but so many steam users fall all over themselves for the sales . how do video game publishers continue to get away with mistreating their ... oh dem i'm late okay , small story of mine ... back when i was young , music would give me headaches , make me feel uncomfortable . it made me depressed anytime i would hear music . so i told everyone i ... pokemon mystery dungeon blue / red rescue team pokemon mystery dungeon explorers of time / darkness / sky super monkey ball 1 and 2 zelda twilight princess / ocarina of time / majora's mask / the wind ... omg king crimson i love king crimson ! i don't want to disturb the hype , but don't buy steam sales . http://gamasutra.com/db_area/images//viciousdevcycle.jpg gamasutra - when big games launch ... the same thing applies to the iq test . those who get low scores believed they would get a high score and vice-versa . it's an interesting phenomenon lol . it kinda applies everywhere , well for the ... i simply cannot stand the taste of caffeine . soft drinks , chocolate , coffee , name it all . i avoid anything with caffeine like the plague . many people get addicted to caffeine , but i'm not one of ... i'm pretty surprised that everyone just open their heart to everyone here . : o it's not a bad thing lol . bow ties , some neckties , old men clothes ( victorian era too ) , as long as they don't look too ... on my first birthday , my family was invited to celebrate . after eating , they left the table to go to the living room , and two hours later , my aunt realized they had forgotten me in my chair . so yep , ... i do talk to myself , but i'm usually aware that i'm doing so . and yea , sometimes it runs out of my mouth , it happens . o_o oh ... well , we have a tendency to jump from new things to new things . if you have any artistic skills , you will find it eventually . you just haven't found it yet i guess . but yea , i understand ... the topic seems to be slightly taboo , but well , it's up to you ! have you ever read perfume ? this is kind of the same style as you , it's very strange . i'd suggest you try to find something else , ... errmm ... is there any places you always feel stuck when you try to be creative ? what keeps you stuck ? it might be shyness , the fear to be judged , or the fear of getting troubles ... for example , i ... the first time i met an infj , it was quite a shock . i thought she was those kind of rule-sick people , like some cops , but after getting to know her more , i realized that it was different . ( french ... okay nice , but i will also point out that the test is inaccurate , and that mostly idealists took this test . precise statistics on this simply cannot be made . o_o i actually attract everybody from sight . o_o i'm a bit shy so it's not really a good thing , and relationships are difficult . but anyway , i attract the same as you , but i'm closer to an enfp . so i ... mine is a picture of my favorite muscle car , the roadrunner 1970 . it shows my passion of cars i guess ... ( and for my name , it dates back from 2008 , old and never changed it for some reasons ... ) well , typing yourself is very difficult . o_o i'd have to meet her to be sure , i know infj's well . uhmm ... no sources and stuff , looks like it's complete guess . i won't put too much importance into this , it looks random . i'm still young in life , but i'll share anyway . my first job was in a fish department at a food store . i would take lobsters from boxes , put them in another box filled with water , let them shit in ... actually , i know him well . that's why . :P i have never seen someone with such a strong set of opinions in my life . he would eradicate volkswagen if he had the chance . xd but you're right , maybe i'm ... alright , one of my good friend just became a moderator on some unreleased video game's forums , and well , you know yourself well , you know what's going to happen . and i want to avoid this , i don't ... i don't know if you are going to read this , since there are a lot of replies already , but i'll post anyway . i think the reason is that we are more open-minded . imagine an istj being homosexual , it ... oh my , an interesting thread ! i hope you don't mind if i invade your personal space . 232034 i looove the holidays ! we always visit my quite huge family and we drink and eat . it's awesome . :) it's always that part of the year where everyone is happy and forgetting their problems , so it's my ... i just learned something ! or realized , or whatever you know , i have always hated poems , because they kinda censure my thoughts with all these restrictions and stuff you try to write down an idea , ... yea ... move away . o_o we think that everyone have some positive in them , but something it's not that much true ... and when we realize it , it's a huge slap in the face . i remember this summer ... i ... yea ... move away . o_o we think that everyone have some positive in them , but something it's not that much true ... and when we realize it , it's a huge slap in the face . i remember this summer ... i ... wew , that's a lot of time spent here ! well , gratz ! :) i'll probably never reach that . xd around 80 % of the posts i write , i don't post them . highest scores : - 3492 on a video game forum , got ... so yep , me too , i tend to avoid posting anywhere . i have a strong set of value and it's hard not to create a mess in a forum , where most emotions and communication is much stronger . a lack of respect ... i'm deep into the fi , psychologist . :) it fits me so well , i was surprised ! well yea , neckwears . not regular ties because they are overused , but i like the unnusual stuff . i guess mine's not the strangest . o_o yesss i feel you . ; _ ; i used to work in a grocery store , and all i did was to make lobsters shit in a box every day . yep , it was awful . strangely , it was my first job , and i got it like this , no ... the clothes ... are wearing you ? o_o well anyway , while we are here , let's wear what we want . infp's are creative , wear something creative , and let these people who want to fit in the group at any ... i don't really understand my humor really ... just right now , i was doing a french homework where i had to replace someone's name with another word . in the choice section , i found ce / c ' , so i ... ah man , i would love to do this . but being french , i don't understand the questions ! D: it looks well done tho . the father , main character , is estj or any other hard-working personality . and the child is infp . here you go . i have a passion for car paints , and i find it strange ... because it seems i'm the only one who cares about that . o_o when buying a car , like , you choose the color , right ? and just ... everyone ... sagittarius - fire i don't believe in horoscope and shizz , i think it's mostly fun because you can identify to something . well , my hygiene has never really been important to me . i never shower , i wear the same clothes for a week long , i don't brush my teeth , i don't eat , etc . i'm trying to kill these bad habits tho , ... okay great ! i got someone on my side once . but he ended up losing his job , and this year he is my french teacher . ( he was principal of one degree . ) you get to learn someday that whatever happens , ... well , it's hard to tell , all the infp aren't all the same ! we are actually quite diverse compared to other types . i'll tell you what peels off my skin at least , maybe it can help ... i hate it when ... this sentence here convinced me to take that test . i am a hufflepuff ! infp's have a powerful stare . i don't what we do with our face muscles and random tissues for this to happen , but it happens . see my pic below . ( from last year . that dude came to take a picture and i ... currently 16 per minute , but it would be better if someone else would be counting my respiratory rate ; maybe it affects my performance . o_o there is also the fact that i have a fast metabolism ... i remember when i was young ... i come from the countryside of quebec , so i have a foreign accent . and my parents went in the city , so i went to school here too . so yea , there were these three girls ... well , i don't know if we coud really define 5 bands that every infp likes . o_o my favorite is very far from what you mentionned here , i listen to genesis , marillion , and other prog rock . i used to mistype as intp , but now that i know myself better , it's always infp . also , in social interaction , people often think i'm a thinker , that i'm logical . until they get to know me better . using facts and logic in an argument ? i usually tend to go toward values and philosophy in arguments . ( but it depends on what we are talking about of course . ) and there is also the fact that infp ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BEo1okwkeZM a mix of classic and prog . i love it . :) ( song starts at 3 - something ) '