' ask him to take a quick look at this : https://7chan.org/lit/src/Robert_Glover_-_No_More_Mr_Nice_Guy.pdf i think we'll have to wait for someone with a j to do all this . emasculation can be in many forms : constantly telling a man that he is incapable of something , or that he is too confident , or his plans will never take shape . yes i knew i was on to something . just narrowing it down from the previous poll . sister poll to : http://personalitycafe.com/intp-forum-thinkers/562074-unscientific-poll-were-you-eldest-did-you-have-dominant-mother-figure.html video games work on very tight deadlines and the entire project revolves around timely completion of tasks in music , art / graphics , tools , physics , ai etc . games need to be released on a timely basis ... i was only modeling this from a male standpoint , i believe females intps might have some other influences ... maybe they are more pure as intps ? i think ideas are easier to deal with because in the case of failure or rejection , you can always start over . in contrast , reality is irreversible . basically i was interested in knowing who had the most influence on your thinking abilities . strong mother or several females could be equivalent . still its just a theory , might refine it more . yep must be a joke . i have a ( politically incorrect ) theory that if you're a man , a female dominated household suppresses your ability to take risks , and introduces p in your intp-ness . and similarly , to cope with ... just testing a theory : 1 . were you the eldest child ? 2 . did you grow up a female dominated household ? in the indian spiritual text bhagavad gita it is said that timing of death can determine your afterlife : bhagavad-gita as it is chapter 8 verse 26 angry and hungry ? this is it . basically , the only way a conversation or connection can happen is if they provide something , and i keep feeding off it . my only contribution is to dissect what they said . i think this is the clue to improving such behavior . when i'm low on energy , i try to get a grip on reality by quizzing someone , and its easy to ask questions , but there is nothing to be gained from ... i've noticed , when my own energy level is low ( due to lack of sleep or something ) , my interest in finding out facts becomes even more powerful and ignores social norms . my curiosity about another ... will try this tomorrow . thanks for the tip . thanks for this . i don't have social anxiety , only thing that often makes me lose steam is the total pointlessness of most social interactions . church and friends , you didn't need a disclaimer . this is a useful feedback . the thing is , sex is not my main interest . i'm interested in finding out if the entire mechanism of meeting a stranger and doing something with her is possible in a few hours . finally yeah that's how i do it too . sometimes the pleasure comes from unrealistic hope , like the value of a lottery ticket . i think its sad undertones come from my longing for human touch . haven't had sex in 8 months , not even a kiss ;) and realizing that its easy to get some fulfillment through other people who want the ... i've found a great way to get over it . find a club with good music , and focus on the music . forget the people and even how you're dancing . it gets better with practice . then when you're in the music , ... can you elaborate on what its so glorious ? i've never been into the club scene for all the reasons mentioned in the infj forum thread ... the impression i get is that my nightclub-averse behavior during my 20s is definitely an intp behavior ... still , think of this as an experiment , its a bit of a hunt . the thrill of finding out if a ... this is a sequel to another thread i've created in the infj forum ( http://personalitycafe.com/infj-forum-protectors/531073-do-you-go-nightclubs.html ) . what is the best way for intps to get one night ... i'm in my 30s and have started exploring nightclubs . during my 20s i never liked it much , too much noise , pointlessness , and i used to not drink . but now , i've learnt to let go and dance whatever way ... just do what you need to do to fulfill your desires . that's one way of listening to your heart . when you doubt it , that's where overthinking begins . get what you want and forget the right or wrong or ... this is just perfect ! a million justifications , excuses , shifting of blame doesn't change the fact that you're responsible for your actions . show some respect for your previous relationship . it's good karma even if it means putting your hormones in the freezer for a few months . a rebound won't help you in the long run . read my previous reply . let me add a more straightforward reply : the problem doesn't appear to be him but you . it seems to me that you want to have some fun with him without taking responsibility for it , and to have some ... sounds like you're looking for some kind of justification to like this guy . they are not mistakes if you trust your heart . don't overthink about what part of you is responsible . just follow your heart , and live in the present moment . i didn't mean to hurt your sentiments . in my experience with an enfj , i've noticed not so much that she became logical but that she became open to accepting logical solutions to whatever was bothering her . the concept of overthinking ... you don't like being controlled ? yes ! this ! its like walking while cuddling . feels great . on the surface it looks very mellow and calm but internally between the two partners it can be a turbulent ocean . look , sex is the most powerful source of personal energy that we have , and often we don't know how to find an outlet for it . we have the source of this energy , but many times we have nobody to ... its normal to feel lonely due to lack of physical affection . if i may suggest , why don't you try taking up some dance classes , like tango or rumba ? i've discovered that sometimes my need for a hit ... i suggest this with a disclaimer : maybe you'll find happiness in this but if not , maybe you can find something beautiful in it . indian spirituality and yoga revolve around the concept of being ... yes visit it . its a dense city with much going on . much of what hollywood portrays is the bits of nyc which are unique to it , and wall street is one of them . best idea , stay at a hostel like ... satan this is true . for example its difficult for me at times to focus on reading a book in a cafe or a bar because of the chitter chatter around me . i'd rather be away from everyone and focus on my ... thank you . this helps . although i've not been verbally critical with any of my s / o's in the past , my only wish was that they'd understand me , and thats a tall order given how complicated people like ... '