' 2652102652 18 the second image there is casting crowns cover art . when i saw them in concert they talked about the meaning in their song thrive : into your word we're digging deep to know our ... today i received a very expensive gift - awesome ! then i left it in a taxi - nooooooooo ! i immediately bolted back down the street in the pouring rain . i lost both my shoes but kept running anyway ... dance i don't know what that says about you ! : tongue : the interesting thing is it sounds like you've played all three roles in your own family . so which birth order personality do you think lines up with ... link more often than not i act like an oldest child , but i'm actually the youngest of 3 . i woke up this morning with diamonds are a girl's best friend going through my head . i don't think i've heard that song in years , but just before my alarm went off i dreamt i was wearing a white ... it's great being able to relate to two groups of people that are so different ... but sometimes it makes me feel like a big phony . it's almost like being in an affair and trying to make sure the two ... random thoughts : is there someone named hello ? that would be a really inconvenient name ... why do we say ' a flight of stairs ' in english ? wouldn't it be better to say ' a climb of stairs ' or even ... had a really frustrating email from my supervisor ( who works in a separate office across town ) first thing this morning . i ’ m going on a business trip the day after tomorrow and of course he decides ... instrument thankful that i had a fun weekend and a day off today . trying to make progress on something but keep getting distracted by internetz . my mom is an infp and i wouldn't hesitate to describe empathy as the strongest similarity in our personality . it's inevitable that this works differently based on our functions , yet apparently brings ... i don ’ t think this is the same thing . i go into protector mode in one of two situations : either it is someone i feel intensely loyal to based on our past relationship or it is someone i don ’ t know ... aww , that's sweet . sounds like butterflies to me . :p roud : after some much-needed sleep and alone time i realize how much the party drained me . i think the negative vibes bouncing around there just ... i feel tired , frazzled . went to a party last night and there was quite a bit of social drama brewing under the surface . feeling all the feelings . haven't managed to process it yet . i don't typically think of myself as someone who crushes easily - maybe because they're short-lived , because i keep them to myself , or because my logical side intervenes before i get too carried away ... vice society friday ! pack okay , i have a question for the kanji learners out there . what are some memory devices that help you remember specific kanji ? this could be based on the pronounciation , the components ( radicals ) , or ... penguin welcome ! i hope you find what you're looking for here : wink : welcome to the forum , maddie . happy posting ;) welcome ! may i ask what you're saving the animals from ? tread softly ... unfortunately i don't know much on the subject but this site gives a basic overview of ainu culture and lifestyle ( ainu history and culture ) and i imagine amazon books would be a good ... vegetables squeeze liver cloak in the spirit of the op i guess i'll give some advice to those studying japanese , especially in a class setting . i definitely recommend following the curriculum and learning what you can that way ... hello and welcome ! haha , that's awesome . ( ^ _ ^ ) b it's alright ; i probably don't understand what i'm saying either . :P ( it seems the summer heat is making me a little loopy and incoherent these days ) i should probably clarify that i meant ... it's funny ; after poking around on the forums some more i began to think the type may be over-represented . in any case i think i have something to learn from everyone . i'd especially like to do more ... okay , this is an old thread , but i've found it very illuminating . i had no idea before that my spacey spells were a trait shared with other infjs and not just a clumsy me thing . fortunately i've ... hi reezy ! i'm new here too :) you said you just recently discovered the enneagram , so may i ask what led you to it ? also , i have a friend who goes by ' reezy girl ' so kind of a funny coincidence ! thanks for the warm welcome , everyone . i really appreciate it . re : typology nerds - i figure that's what we all have in common , right ? when i tried to discuss mbti and such with friends the basic ... [ technically it's the background that's pink and not the sheep , but still ... ] hello everyone ! nice to meet you ~ i'm an infj , originally misidentified as an intj . while my dad and best ... '