this is such a catch 22 i'm here ! although , i'm quite the terrible estj - - my fi developed so rapidly recently i might as well be a feeler ... yikes . i do not want power ... thank you so so much . this is what i had planned to do , and i spent time trying to see it from his perspective and all your thoughts were what i was thinking : consistency . as an estj , once i can ... hi thank you for your help in advance . <3 i had been dating an esfj since september . i've never felt this way about someone before even all my long-term bfs . i wasn't myself in this relationship ... we're very direct , open , and we hate dancing around things . we like things to proceed in a very step-by-step fashion . we always like to know where we stand with people and will tell you how we feel ... exactly this . i let other people lead and do things until things become chaotic then i take over because i can't handle the downward spiraling of chaos . my best friend is an infj , we've been besties for 12 years now . so just from my experience , the relationship is great ! we've never fought or got into an argument . * knock on wood * my aunt is also an ... hmm ... perhaps you can try being less talkative ? i've learned to listen a lot more and practice being more introverted . it's really not necessary to always say what you think / feel . one of my goals ... not sure - - but i really like aziz ansari humor . i tend to like things that are relevant to what i'm going through . tv / movies that make me laugh : brooklyn 99 , fresh off the boat , the goldbergs , ... lol . i wonder if it's because i'm a female estj and my interactions with male infp has never happened the way you described . perhaps , gender roles plays into this . i either write in my journal ( usually realizations / processing , not usually mundane day-to-day task things ) or just thoughts or quotes or poetry . really depends on my mood . sometimes one form of ... recently started dating an esfj guy . everything has been super easy and fun . he embodies all the characteristics i'm looking for . he's been very open / honest about the fact that he got out of a 6 year ... thank you for asking first of all . i have a really weird one - - not so typical of estj , i think . more so like an enfp haha ! 1 . dinner 2 . shower + brush teeth / floss 3 . lotion + face moisturizer ... is that a deal breaker ? this is everything . i don't want to make assumptions for everyone , but in my personal experience , yes . in my life i've noticed : enxps tend to be more fluid and in open relationship / poly situations . nf types tend to ... what do you guys do at night after dinner / before bed ? what does your night routine look like ? do you have a bedtime snack ? floss ? do you read ? this . :) i've never been withdrawn and uncommunicative ! how interesting ! ! communication with infps have always been very easy for me . we exchange ideas and converse like there's no tomorrow . although i have to say , i've been misunderstood by infps that don't know me very ... where do you isfps hide tho ? o . o haha ... i've only ever met one isfp , so i can't really tell you - - but i'm curious as well . definitely not . i would never forget if i was romantically interested . plans / scheduling is really important to estjs . hell no . i think we're one of the most direct personality types . i find it really difficult to not voice how i feel . i also find it very difficult to omit / hide things . for me personally : restlessness - this usually happens when i'm stuck in a group setting or having to converse with people that i cannot find common ground with ( ex : differing tastes in music that i ... i would say we would be one of the most reliable types to stay in a long distance relationship . once we make a commitment to something we tend to stick with it - - however , that's only after we have ... i think it's much easier if the female is istp and the male is estj . the other way doesn't work nearly as well . interestingly enough , i'm an estj , got completely swept off my feet by an infp after a break up with my ex of 7 years . i don't think this only applies to estj , i think it applies to everyone - - ... double post - _ - infp tmlt text you every single day but never make actual plans whoa yum infj ! tmlt : fall in love and realize they aren't in love lol omg . hm ... entp tmlt pretend they don't care but really care a lot i can't speak for him , but as an estj , i can explain how it works for me . you have to pass our logic test first before we will ever develop feelings for you . these checkpoints all have to turn ... hahaha ! do any of you meet someone and automatically know what type they are just based off the feeling you get ? i met an infp friend last year who reminded me so much of my infp cousin , and i couldn't ... coffee blended with coconut oil + ghee . it's high in fat . supposedly good to start off the day with high energy . nutelllaaa ! as for the coffee conversation - - i've been drinking coffee drinks ( like philz mint mojitos or lattes ) , and i'm just intaking too much unnecessary sugar . plus i don't want to ... yep . i don't understand that either . estj / istp doesn't work when it comes to communication at all . i was with an istp for 7 years . i never once felt heard really . i just accepted it . and it confused ... i love green tea ! i'm also partial to earl grey with milk + honey . do you like earl grey ? ! my infp cousin makes it for me a lot whenever we are having our endless conversations about life , and it ... oh coffee ! i really should ween myself off coffee tho tbh ! > . < i want to meet every type ! i've never met an isfp , so naturally i am so curious ! :) ha ! the irony ... ooooh ... * stuffs face * sauceyyy ! hi isfps . i'm dropping in to say , hello ! hope that's alright . i've never met one of you in real life , and i want to ! so this is my compromise at the moment . and to the lovely 2 isfps that invited ... i will come join you guys for a bit ! thank you for the invite ! ^ _ ^ i do wonder where can i find 3d versions of you ... hmmm ... how does that look ? is it draining energy ? i could never find common ground with istp except only when doing things or solving a problem . i find them to be lacking in emotional depth . what does this mean about infp / estj ? i've known for a while we have the same functions in opposite directions , and i'm super close to both my infp cousins , and recently one of my newer but super ... where can i find isfps ? this is very true . estj almost have an inherent need to know where we stand with people so we are willing to be completely direct and check-in . not in a weird / obsessive way , but as a way of avoiding ...