' ditto to the humming thing i jump and make excited noises when happy i also pick my nose quite often ( not outdoors tho lol ); not sure if this counts but it leaves my family very confused . i either obsess over it or dont do it at all . currently in that no motivation to do it at all state so coincidentally , i actually just forced myself to join a jogging group . maybe try something ... i can be . have to force myself to put things in perspective sometime . im in touch my femininity yes , but def not the typical woman ... american woman though . maybe the typical woman of another culture my avoidance isnt due to fear of criticism though . i just get overwhelmed and tired : happy :: happy : omg yay ! ! ! this is wonderful ! yes lets become friends lol chamberlain im going to the institut d'études politiques de paris ( yes theres a shorter name haha ) have you heard of it ? thank you for sharing your story . japan seems like such a cool place to be ... if we already have an established friendship = going out of the way to hang out . will rarely say no to a favor . can be a bit flirty . if no established relationship = avoidance of all sorts lol ... double yes to perfection . i can relate . kindness honesty integrity trustworthiness ambition originality humility wisdom strength great thread . im currently studying econ and international relations ... the internships i've had have been very bureaucratic and people based .. meh . basically a junior now , but im thinking of ditching ... sorry for this atrociously late response ! finally done with the semester : 3 anyway , thank you so much for the tips and advice ! ! i am actually now very excited about going---only worry is the cost ... have any of you studied abroad during college ? what was the experience like for you ? i am studying abroad in paris next year and i am so scared--i've always wanted to go to paris but i'm afraid ... just 2 and 3 . im incredibly silly although those who fall into category 1 would have no idea what makes it hard for nfs to be in the business world and does an interest / fitting in with the business personality mean that a person needs to reevaluate whether or not they're really an nf ? once more with feeling remember a thread like this was made before . i just reblog random things . feel free to follow , i'll follow back sometimes a simple friendship with a person is so good , that im afraid to ruin it with the complications of a real relationship ... sex , unreserved feelings again . sex complicates friendships ... im either very wishy washy and avoidant or extremely blunt ... i literally had a guy pour his heart out to me only to hear me reply um ... what do you expect me to say ? i dont feel that way about you ... esfj . 58 % extroverted , 65 % sensing , 39 % thinking , 41 % perceiving fun i wonder what facial features they're associating with certain types my cry for help has fallen on deaf ears :p lol bumping of course there are some things in my past that i wish i wouldve done differently , but nothing too drastic that im moping about it now . that just doesnt accomplish anything ; life goes on . hello , haven posted in awhile but i remember that this forum gave some of the best advice :) anyway , i'm in college and i live in a suite with 3 other girls---my roommate ( an intj ) , i get along with ... no you can if you want lol just dont fake it if you want people to take you seriously ... nothing is worse than an insecure person trying to be obnoxious and douchey . if its not in your nature , dont ... in arguments with others , it's pretty much all i value . im an infp who has battled bulimia and anorexia for about 5 years now as well actually.since i was 14 . idk about your girlfriend but i'm a worry-prone perfectionist who doesn't feel alive if i'm not ... i'm not going to lie , i do shut things like that out . i usually watch cnn everyday but i haven't watched it since the tragedy because that's not something i want to hear about all the time . the ... being rushed passive aggressiveness - really hate when others are asterisks at the end of sentences in texts , ims , etc.makes me go into panic mode as i try to figure out what the asterisks ... back up batteries ! ! fully charged one for my laptop and phone lol haha same here ! i can write it to that someone but saying it aloud is just awk awk awk . however , if i do use them it's usually with a humorous tone . not all lovely lovely . love research . i cherish the memories ... but i cut up the pictures lol oh you sound just like me ! im a sophomore now and i start next week . the first month of freshman year was fucking horrible . i , like you , am in a major that a lot of people in my school arent ... 12 . still feel like im in that awkward transition stage from child to teenager ... but instead im actually supposed to be transitioning from teenager to adult . thank you so much for the tips ! your dresses are so flippin great especially that wedding dress . okay , i planned to be extra dependent on patterns but i'll give making a dress with no pattern a try ... i've been reading and watching videos about sewing and i finally bought a pretty sturdy sewing machine . so exciting ! ! ! do any of you guys sew as a hobby ? fabric is a bit expensive but here are ... she sure is enjoying it alright . perhaps this represents my question a bit better . http://i.qkme.me/35xjsy.jpg lol what did i just watch ? th best thing would probably be anywhere that's not loud / too chaotic and would allow conversation to be had easily i . e . not a nightclub :P museums are nice . or if you are near a nice golf course , you ... this right here helped me a lot . i really do need to stop saying i dont know ... i do know what i want . i just need to have the courage and the confidence to get there . im afraid of failure and i get ... i think you're def right about katherine . enfps confuse me because they can appear to be introverts . and with giselle ... yea maybe . she seemed under stress in the movie and it's quite hard to ... mona lisa smile , love the movie ! catherine watson - - idealistic , seems introverted but not afraid to voice her opinion , visionary , not afraid to question authority , cause-oriented . was completely ... extremely loud incredibly close ... and other movies about going through the emotions of losing a loved one . makes me way tooo emotional . i really dont think you should let the stereotypes of your type psych you out . for my 12th grade english end of year dissertation , i had to write a 10,000 word creative nonfiction piece in about 9 ... has to be one of the coolest places to swim http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rVN9KnWy-H8 night sky in scotland ... lol thank you so much ! i am still very confused but i'm going to just dive right in . i am currently a sophomore at a top 15 university and i am having the hardest time finding my passion , picking a major and possible careers . i am either infj or infp ( i know there's a big ... this might be extremely insignificant but doing a backhand spring . my first goal was doing a cartwheel , round off and other beginner tumbling things and i've completed them ( it took awhile and a lot ... intj--a lot of challenging but the chemistry is good . intj--same as above . love / hate relationship . on and off dating . enfp--awkward dynamic . not completely comfortable . enfj--love / hate estj - - ... yea i agree . people might show symptoms of a particular disorder but having the full blown disorder is another story entirely and it actually begins to hinder a person's ability to live their life ... i wouldnt say that lol . if i'm motivated by something else ( like having a hot body for summer or someone commenting about any jiggles ) , i will exercise a lot and on schedule . when i get comfortable with me body , i sort of ... '