' so .. , say you meet someone for only five seconds , and they say hi to you , and you say hi back , and you look at each other , and at that moment it's like you both know what is happening in each ... the day is almost gone , and i am lying in my bed aimlessly . the door bell rings . i hesitantly stand up , and find my way to the hallway . i open the door and i see her standing right in front of ... it ’ s late , i have to sleep , but i don ’ t want to . i don ’ t want to wake up to tomorrow . its peaceful here , and now . but tiredness will catch up eventually , and i will fall asleep . either were i am ... this is how i feel today at work . an extract from my diary : i am so fucking bored today . i have no motivation whatsoever . i feel as if i have no energy . i feel passionless and empty . i feel like ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DKCccyZvtIo thank you very much for the replies . mike 75 you are so right in what you say . the external things ; for many years i hadn't noticed that the environment i had got myself into has been forcing me in ... i have been lurking around the forum for some time now and it has been a source a great inspiration for me . what brought me here was a combination of midlife crisis and a realization that for too ... tired of people who will do absolutely anything , no matter how self-defeating it may be , just to shift blame to anyone but themselves ; who will never accept responsibility , no matter how obvious it ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8UVNT4wvIGY https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I55a8FdzHYA time to crash time to burn to accelerate until the revs are red the day is hot you approach the car you open the door it smells like heaven it feels of earth your body fits the leather seats ... it starts as a working day like all others . you wake up feeling meh .. , you brush your teeth , take a shower , flush the toilet , put on your average grey suit and head out . you are at the bus stop ... fi for sure .. i think i figured it out :) a woman amongst men means there is a future surprising myself with this .. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hlP93GiUqEw thank you fern - happy to be able to inspire ! not sure where one can find more of this to be honest . for me it reminded me of the syberia game ( pretty old right .. ) . there is a sense of wonder and ... what makes you insecure ? walking around in open office environments what is your # 1 fear ? dying alone what do you dislike about yourself ? 1 . wish to have a fine meal of my choice every day 2 . wish for invisibility ( including clothes - very tedious having to undress every once in a while - .. ) 3 . wish i could breathe underwater sometimes a moment is so forever gone that you can't distinguish whether it was ever real or only a dream ; and you are left standing , questioning your sanity . but insane or not , it all exists - in ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vCDYI1o_bl8 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XKzzniTfMnQ question my existence thank you very much , i have like tons more , ha .. infphile unfort i think i've missed my window - not that i didn't try to communicate this feeling irrespectively .. stars in the night ; thoughts in the sky illusions of light , an entry to mind , the sands that escape , the passage of time a thought you abandon , someone will find i don't like it at all . especially when people want to compliment me i find it awkward as if i expect they want something in return , or they are being nice because my actions also benefited them . if ... despite evidence to the contrary , i also love my infpness ! : tongue : what i wouldn't trade for anything is like when you are in a generic place outdoors with lots and lots of people , say a busy ... crusader i really like the term , as it touches on both the positive and negative aspects of the infp's . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2PqyMCDTaSE chillin ' http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z7wSBqOIJBo and part deux .. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aq8M_P3vmfk http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=11qdAkazLBs i blame myself all the time . i am not entering into a relationship very often because i don't usually feel like i am ready . but once in a blue moon you meet someone which is different and you allow ... waking up in the middle of the night , not knowing if dreaming , if still alive , the rain keeps pouring from the day before , winds blowing , winds creaking the door i close my eyes , my senses ... i often wake up in the middle of the night and try to imagine someone else is in the room staring at me as i sleep and i scare the shit out of me and obviously can't sleep after that until the sun ... here is my take .. : tongue : the light bulb is a startling little creature . they lay still for most of their lives and have the important task of shedding light onto darkness whenever ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7wfYIMyS_dI the matrix must be the best monday movie ever annoyed for still being at work , but miserable when thinking i will go home and talk to the walls personality crisis is over - feeler it is - thanks i think that would be a reaction , just to argue or to evade replying . it doesn't lead anywhere and after such comment my inner response would be so what ? . maybe they are avoiding the topic at hand . sometimes people would say that when you hit them with something they haven't thought about , and you telling them , may interfere with something they had in their mind . i don't think it's ment to ... hi all , just to chime in and say a big thanks to everyone who has posted here as i have found it extremely useful . ever since i have started reading about the different types i have always ... you are walking in the wilderness deceiving yourself you belong there and that this walk will refresh you and calm you . it's a gorgeous warm spring day and you are wearing your favorite t-shirt ... you like the stranger post rank more than any other it's not that bad - some days are just harder than others actually i was reminded of this pic : tongue : 86096 my new signature ; bit heavy but so true i woke up thinking i am an intp and i feel weird headache headache headache when tired - stretching in all kinds of ways imaginable - a hot or cold shower ( depending on outside temperature ) with the falling water massaging my cheeks under my eyes - while inside a ... i just had this thought that , from the x-men movies , scott summers aka cyclops is probably an infp ... also when ... you are so excited about something to do / someone to meet / someplace to be ( strike out where applicable ) that you wake up really early feeling pumped up and you put all your kick-ass ... you completely block out all the happy moments in your life and concentrate on the negatives and can't stop thinking of what you should have done differently '