' i felt beautiful in the cold tonight the misty rain was falling moisture tenderly grazed my cheeks i could see it swirl under the buzzing lamplights and land on my red car , lonely in the parking ... i do this to an extent . with clothes , i've found i do like to reflect certain things about myself . i have a mixture of hippy / 60s / retro ( not just 60s , could be many other eras ) / classic style . ... my fantasies have some silly intracacies to them . here are my daydreams of a life : - go back to school for history in europe , maybe focus in irish history - move to a cottage in a remote ( ish ) part ... wow , i've never thought to research this , but it must be a very infp thing , because i 100 % do ( used to-moreso ) that . like someone else said , meditation and mindfulness has helped me process this ... i definitely believe in true love . as for soulmates ... my stance on this is changing , slowly . i have always believed that we have many soul mates , each serving their own purposes as they exit and ... feeling ... anxious . but it's ok . i'm learning how to deal with it . there's a person who really dislikes me and finds me moronic , trying to f * ck with me again . i deal with it pretty well now , but ... glad i found this thread . i have been wondering about this . a few years ago , my parents divorced . i had had preconceived notions about their divorce , because i supported my mother's choice 100 % , ... i'm fascinated by it ! had i the money , i would invest in an ancestry.com subscription . i did the free trial of it , and was obsessed . love looking at old pictures of relatives , and hearing stories ... this may be a good exercise for me , since i've been feeling quite on and off lately . - i am confident in myself as a singer , as most others attest to my ability in this area . i know how to be ... root : under-active ( - 38 % ) sacral : open ( 12 % ) thanks for the responses ! i'm feeling a little more normal now , after visiting a friend . still a bit sad . he's continued talking / interacting as a friend ( and even made a comment again about how ... some of you may or may not have seen recent posts / threads by me , asking about a man i had a little fling with . i now have re-evaluated how everything went down , and to be frank , i feel crazy . i ... absolutely we are both assured that it is just a friendship , open and honest about it :) just a male friend . today we professed our friendship and gratitude to one another . it was special . i asked him if he had ever taken the meyers-briggs test , and i knew all along we were both infp ... thanks ! we aren't an item yet , but i think he really likes me , and i really like him . i just noticed some signs , such as him joking about fighting other male friends that i've mentioned , and ... i was wondering , do infjs happen to become possessive in a relationship to an extent ? i'm not in love or anything , but crushing hard . i notice how much i play out future scenarios that may occur with him constantly . pre-pick out the song i'm going to sing the first time he hears me ... haha . this may be about to happen to me . this was a perfect thread for me to read right now . currently into an infj . can't tell whether the fuck he likes me or not . annoying . i wish i enjoyed it more , and sometimes i do . i use it as an alternative to alcohol , though , so i do have it somewhat often . however , i don't always like it . it makes me worry and question myself ... while i don't think he's a rapist , because he hasn't pressured me for the actual sex part of things after i've said no , i appreciate your honest opinion . i'm seeing more and more that he's just not ... i wonder if anyone can provide me with some insight on some things going on with what i'm almost certain is an infj male . i am an infp female . fun fact , before i get into it : i would see this ... i wonder if anyone can provide me with some insight on some things going on with what i'm almost certain is an infj male . i am an infp female . fun fact , before i get into it : i would see this guy ... story of my life at the moment i wonder if anyone can provide me with some insight on some things going on with what i'm almost certain is an infj male . i am an infp female . fun fact , before i get into it : i would see this ... hmm , i got hufflepuff . i'm sorta disappointed , cause i used to get ravenclaw , which is my preference . oh well . i guess i've become a big ol ' softy i needed to vent somewhere . long story short : i'm in love with my best male friend , have been for a while . can't be with him because he has a gf . usually it's fine , i don't feel angst about it . ... usually attracted to and currently attracted to enfjs or entjs . still smart but also usually happy and know how to be sensitive and get shit done . i need an ass kicking every once in a while :P ... actresses i came across this through good ol ' stumbleupon . thought it was interesting , especially the philosopher section . i thought it was interesting that n's had a huge amount more in ... i cry a lot less than i used to . but i'll still cry maybe once a month or every 2 months . i cry when a song touches me , or when there is a really well done emotional scene in a movie . also when i ... stupid people who waste my time by talking about simple and mundane shit , or who only want to yap about their problems and don't have any intention to solve them . that is exactly true . i am actually an infj when i'm at a natural state . and that is obviously quite similar to infp . however , at this stage of life i am going through some extreme changes and ... yo yo yo ! i'm not actually an infp anymore ! ( i'm like a intx or something . basically my personality is going through major reconstruction ) but i loved being one , and i enjoyed meeting you all ! ... that first video caused me some tears ! especially at the end ! how beautiful i am awesome and so is my life ! also , i'm going to have to type out a farewell thread soon . i'm not really an infp , i just found out . my natural state is infj , and right now i'm sort of intx , like ... aw man , first a switch from f to t , and now p to j ? ? what's happening ? ! i mean , i sort of like it ( i've been wanting to be more j for a while now ) , but it's also weird . i am still connected to my ... wrist-slashing isn't limited to infps ! ! i mean , i was an infj when i / wrists . gosh ... so closed minded : tongue : so ... i just tested as an intp , though i was ( / still am ) an infp . so . hi . i think it's because i'm under so much stress . but maybe while i'm in intp mode i'll hang out over here with you guys , so ... so , i'm studying for my psychology of personality exam tomorrow , and we're covering some of carl rogers theories about real self and ideal self . i'm sure a lot of you know about this or have heard ... nice , only two under-active and no over-active ! root : under-active ( 0 % ) sacral : open ( 38 % ) navel : under-active ( - 12 % ) heart : open ( 56 % ) throat : open ( 25 % ) third eye : open ( 38 % ) crown : ... last night i was at a party for halloween . i had to go to the bathroom . some drunk bitches started literally pounding like mad on the door because they had to go , so i yelled at them shut the fuck ... i feel weird . i really didn't enjoy this new girl in our a cappella group , and i felt bad because i didn't know why . but now she's acting like a bitch and no one else likes her , either . sometimes ... i am extremely spiritual and not one bit religious . i believe there is a force out there , and i don't know quite what to call it . my catholic friend doesn't understand why i don't call it god , ... i used to not want kids . hahahha . that is hilarious to me now , because i am so so so so so excited to be a mother someday . i mean , don't get me wrong , i'm going to wait about 10 more years ... last time i tested , i was in ravenclaw , which is probably what i'd like to be in anyway . i'll retest when i get home . ah ! i just signed up . i'm actually kind of excited . even though no brilliant ideas have come to me yet ... time for a nighttime bus ride . ( that's where / when i get most of my ideas ) aw man , i guess i could try . but i've already started a novel that i'm taking fairly seriously , so i don't know ! it's hard for me to come up with ideas , but when i do i think they're usually good . ... name a famous person you don't like . miley cyrus what was the last thing you bought ? a burrito name a condiment that is not : ketchup , mustard , relish , salt , or pepper mayo give me one ... '