i believe in being passionately and courageously yourself . i believe in speaking up about what is important to you . stepping out of your comfort zone . being unashamed and comfortable in your own ... : victorious : so much talking , so little photos ! how do i go about making new friends ? i live in a city where the only person i know is my partner , and i feel like i rely way too much on him socially . its putting a bit of strain on the ... has anyone here been referred to as an ' ice queen ? ' i have been many times and wasn't sure what was meant by it .. me too ! * hi5 * :D i can definitely relate to this . for me , writing it down is admitting to the reality of the emotion or problem . it just seems too raw . gah his voice .. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=idcaRTg4-fM haha . oops . ' the inability to correctly perceive reality is often responsible for humans ' insane behaviour . and every time they substitute an all-purpose , sloppy slang word for the words that would accurately ... i went for my first skydive yesterday ! it was the most amazing experience i've ever had and i plan to partake in many more .. i now know why birds sing in the morning . seriously though .. it was ... thank fuck this is only a small percentage of the population .. get rid of this idiotic capitalist system and try something that actually has the potential to work . infinite growth was never going to work , they knew that from the start . sometimes a feeling , image , or sound pops into my head out of nowhere . and anywhere from a day to a couple weeks later i see it happen in real life . for example a scene from a tv show or an ... new zealand :D eldest of 7 , 3 to my mum and 3 to my dad . they are all half siblings and theres a 5 year gap between me and the eldest of them . oh for real ? shows how much i know haha double post . sorry butting in here :P i'm 18 and i've been vegetarian my whole life . i don't know how you vegans do it though .. chocolate is a good friend of mine haha thank you very muchly : happy : 48641 i don't find high prestige places appealing at all . they seem .. unnecessary . i'd feel so guilty owning a big house when there are so many people who don't even have a roof over their head . from ... type one : 29 type two : 18 type three : 5 type four : this whole album is great . but this song .. :D http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d4wkPoVILSQ i rarely see any of my family .. and i'm cool with it . my cousins are really rude to me anyway , because i'm weird or something . don't blame them though .. i get so nervous at family events that i hide ... mraow . yep .. i currently have - $ 2 in my account .. should have never gotten a debit card . online shopping is so easy .. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=joBGJcKyalI&feature=related and this .. gah http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kW_5YdPL9Go this song .. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BVDSGWS4pmo http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YhI5CTn3wjw&feature=player_embedded how do you stay motivated to exercise ? and what do you do to stay fit ? has anyone here seen the documentary collapse , with michael ruppert ? if you haven't , i highly recommend watching it . its kinda scary to think that our civilisation is falling apart and what will ... december 4th :p roud : 46748 4674946750 46751 these are from shaun tans book , the red tree .. he is amazing :D nothing bad will happen if you're in a good headspace and surrounded by people you trust will look after you .. oh i love mushrooms :) the last lsd trip i had turned bad .. i was at a rave and i took a much higher dosage then usual . i remember thinking everyone was plotting against me to have me killed .. i ... i didn't talk to anyone apart from my close friends . i was extremely shy and awkward . and i smoked lots of weed . haha . yep thats about it .. i feel like a scared , lonely child in a world full of angry , heartless people . i'm scared this feeling wont ever go away confused and frustrated .. i found out my boyf is texting another girl , saying that he should leave me and he doesn't really like me that much .. but when i tried to break up with him he started crying ... i just found out my boyf is texting another girl behind my back .. i didn't confront him . and now i'm apologising to him . shit . how the hell did that even happen .. i fear being alone . but even more i fear the vulnerability of being close to someone . more then anything i fear being seen as stupid . yeah this happened to me just today . i ended up leaving my partners place without any explanation .. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mcQ83tOZ4Wk i'm about to go for a working visa in europe .. eep so nervous .. and excited :D i'd love to hear any stories and adventures from fellow travellers ? tell me stuffs : happy : sometimes i wish i was mute so i didn't have to talk to people . but then i realise how much it would suck if i couldn't voice my opinions when i really wanted to i've done this a few times .. most recently 4/5 . also had 6 and 9 how so ? i recently watched a doco about synaesthesia and i'm curious to know if anyone on this forum has it or has come in contact with it in any way ? for anyone who doesn't know .. its the connecting of ... yeah i do .. i hate it when people don't make eye contact with me most of the girls i meet these days seem kind of shallow . not all of course , but yeah . i don't really know what to say to a lot of them .. in saying that , my best friends are both girls . only ...