' sure ... i had to throw in my 2 cents . just couldnt help myself : crazy : i hate how conversations about religions / god / spirituality always end up going to a negative place ... i think it is healthy to question these things .. including logic . spirituality is embracing the ... i have a few hopeful criteria - open mind - open heart - willingness to grow - ability to find happiness within herself - boobs when it comes to things like familiarity , change , and novelty i think your frame of reference and past experiences are going to have more to do with your adaptability than your personality . change ... when i am in the middle of an explanation , argument , or story and someone tries to interrupt .. or straight up starts talking while im talking . so disrespectful . no one said it was simple or easy ... often times the other people involved can make or break how i feel about where i work , instead of jumping ship .. perhaps you should look for other employment ... i honestly dont know ... its a constant battle in my life . im not a personality expert , just trying to find common ground when people mistake your confidence and enthusiasm for arrogance and being cocky ... i do not know if this perspective has much to do with the enfp personality ... perhaps frame of reference and the lull of routine has taken its toll on my psyche . when presented with the idea of a ... sounds like you are depending on others for your happiness ... spend some time alone ( years if you have to ) and find out who you really are . men aren't going to help you keep believing . don't dwell ... i agree with this . if you really felt that way you wouldn't be here bitching about it . you would be out there trying to make a difference or whatever . stop ! take a good hard look at what you ... little talks ... in my ass a & w root beer the cooler the chick ... the more attractive she becomes to me i play guitar and sing ... not great but i love doing it ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eLgKA6TDEDc&feature=share i know your pain all too well ... its a slippery slope and seemingly impossible to climb out of . understand that you are important and that you do effect other peoples lives ... you decide whether its ... tired , productive , longing i can see how this behavior can be confusing ... as for your original question : i think enfp's male and female are protective over every aspect of their image ... i think that we put a considerable ... f-ck it ... i'm not going to feel like i did something wrong just because i did what i felt was right , if the girl doesn't understand that , then she just passed up on the best thing that could have ... i apologize ... but i could not make it through your entire post ... its sooo long :) this last weekend i met a woman that rocked my world ... if people were rain i was drizzle and she was a ... i feel like timing has a big part to play in doing this ... ive messed up so many relationships with seemingly great potential by trying to do that too fast i was just wondering what your opinion of this enfp male behavior is myself ... only because you refered to it as an issue when it could be something more of a natural defense mechanism or perhaps a ... when i was younger i had a hard time with masculinity . first of all i was really small in high school ... other guys would assume that i was gay or whatever , and i would tend to have more girlfriends ... very beautiful ... i would do anything for such a thing i'm right there with you buddy ... this is what marked 174 told me and i feel like it helped more than anything ... yeah , that happens sometimes . it sucks but what can you do ? it's not your loss , ... i feel like i have an uncontrollable addiction to doing this ... wow ... thanks for pulling me back into reality , exactly what i needed to hear :) im not going to go off on the situation right now ... just wanted to know who else had someone that they connected with , i mean really connected with , and thought that the other person felt the same ... being enfp can be confusing sometimes ... i dont know why we are in the lead ... lol http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eLgKA6TDEDc yeah ! .. totally uncalled for yeah ! im also a cocky self-righteous bastard ... awesome post ^ yeah , i just discovered them a few days ago ... i cant get enough i heart this ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tg4CPaKzSUU http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4rz4I69mQMo i think you should trust your instincts ... if your finding flaws in a person , maybe its because you have not yet identified what it is about this person that you really don't trust , or maybe you just ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OPR3GlpQQJA hey ! haters gonna hate ;) i was recently part of an uncomfortable situation related to this post ... i play bass for a modern blues / rock band here in west texas ... and we were going through our set list and we were really ... i relate to all of this .. and i think a big factor in the lack of communication and understand between ourselves and our peers comes from the fact that we spend a lot of time inside of our own ... well ... i dont know if its like this for all enfp's or if its even enfp related , but i am really good at seeing things through other peoples eyes , or walking in their shoes ( however you want to say ... grass is always greener i suppose yeah ... i distance myself from people often as well , and i do think a lot of it is because of how im able to read people really well . when i start to go down the road your on ( wishing i was someone ... i dont agree that we can read minds or whatever ... lol but we can however pick up strong vibes on the emotional side of things , and derive conclusions of what might be on their mind with very little ... my buddy michael wrote this song ... we recorded it with a cell phone , turned out pretty good ... reminds me of y'all http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zmYA-iHoTW4 this is my buddy michael .. . we just recorded this off of a cell phone . turned out pretty good , let us know what you think http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zmYA-iHoTW4 haha .. yeah you obnoxious self centered asshole ... stop pretending to be someone your not , your 27 years old ! ! ! stop hanging out with 18 year old kids in hopes of getting some young girl to be impressed with ... yeah ... the cards are priceless to me , i could never sell them yeah , my father plays it too ... we cant get enough of it , its like crack '