' this thread needs more posts ! it's the best :) haha that's awesome :) what about your avatar ? hi ! i'm curious , what does your username mean ? ? you're overthinking it ! there are dozens of reasons why he might have not offered an alternative time and no amount of logic will yield an answer . it took me many years of frustration to finally ... you remind me so much of myself i can't understand why i haven't come across your posts before . i suppose it depends on what you're looking for . if i met someone that could keep up with me and wasn't ... yes yes yes ! ! my life would be so much easier if more people understood this . haha yup , stubborn and manipulative sounds about right :) ditto okay ! should say i'd rather travel or i prefer to travel and there should also be the word be before able . the word focusing has one s , not two . if poor grammar bothers you then why does your post have four grammatical errors ? ? ? :) i was involved with an entj girl once . i had never felt such a strong connection with anyone . but we both brought so many complications with us and there were so many trust issues and power struggles ... haha we should write a psychological thriller . aww ... thank you ! i generally believe that people should not try to force their advice or help upon others and meddle or try to make decisions for anyone but themselves . however there are obviously some extreme ... hmmm , that is kinda weird . i can see how an enfj might be a magnet for those people . do you think there is some pattern you've created that is causing it ? we can be a lot more lonely than we appear though ... well it's true for me . and i like your exclamation marks ... how sure are you that he is entj ? i agree . i think entj's are more reserved because they don't like to let themselves be vulnerable . i'm not as outgoing as most entj's , but for me i very rarely take the initiative to connect with ... oh good , i'm sure you can help me with my enfp situation then . being independent is definitely an enfp trait . which is good because entj's are just as independent . of course i'm right :P i think based upon what you have described things are going pretty well with your relationship with him and you should hang in there and be patient . i actually recently ... why do you say it is going too slowly ? you have to understand that his slowness in moving forwards with your relationship does not mean that he is not interested . if you try to rush things and ask ... you ask good questions :) i don't see why he would hold that against you ... it's not your fault that people gossiped . and while entj's can hold grudges for a very long time , you will always know if ... it's too soon to tell . right now i miss both my enfj and my infj , but i have enough going on in my life that i'm not miserable . those sound like serious promises ... but obviously there is always a ... define committed to . earlier this year i was very interested in an enfj girl . i thought about her constantly and was very committed to doing everything i could to eventually start a relationship with ... for me if i really like a girl , i prefer that they initiate at least as much as i do and it would take a lot for me to think they're coming on too strong ... but if they are too strong or pushy too ... well i can describe how it usually works for me . sometimes it takes me a long time like over a year to develop feelings for someone . other times it can happen quickly like just a couple weeks . a ... it sounds like he is interested in you . most entj's would not intentionally lead someone on . i would suggest talking to him about your concerns . being an entj , he should have no problem giving you a ... you're such an enfj :P good at anything you put your mind to , but terrible at asking for help or letting people see that you could use their support . sometimes you just need to take off the mask and ... because you're an enfj : b but it's ok to be someone else every now and then :) it's not crazy or selfish . i've been in the situation you're in a couple times . i sort of am right now actually . but spending time with friends and keeping myself busy makes things a lot better . i have never dated an esfj , but i have often been surprised by how well i get along with them . i'm not sure what it is that draws them to me . i think a relationship with them would lack the depth of ... i knew it ! : tongue : now look what i've started : b * hugs * you are not a weakling . there are far more words that i've never let out . it isn't easy to open up when things feel so intense . it gets easier though . * hugs * * hugs * you remind me of myself :) i like uptight straight laced people . especially enfj's :P nyfiken ! i'm so sorry . i hope things get better for you . message me ! i'm sorry :( i'd love to talk if you want to . * hugs * haha that was my 2000th post apparently . so consider yourself lucky happy about nothing . :P well i really hope things get better for you soon . i definitely don't think you're a failure . :) yeah that can be really difficult . i've gone through a similar thing and my life is still a mess because of it . you always overthink what people will think about your actions and how you affect them , ... i suppose they can by bitch-like occasionally , but my enfj friend is the kindest , most trustworthy , and caring person i have ever known . and if they are manipulative it's almost always for your own ... i don't have someone like this right now . but i definitely think an enfj would be the ideal mbti type for someone for me to be completely open with and share everything with . you probably know how to get him to talk to you again better than i do . maybe just be persistent and hangout around him or tease him until he decides to talk ? well you're lucky to have found each other . i hope it works out for you . you seem to have a much better idea of what you want than i do haha . he's probably frustrated with how difficult the situation is between the two of you and all of the disagreements . i'm sure he wants the same happy fun teasing that you do , but remember , he isn't as ... but maybe if you have to remind yourself to be happy , that you're not really happy ? it's natural for enfj's as well as other types to become unhappy if they are alone for too long . in the past what ... i like these questions . i'm not sure how useful my answers are though . i guess for me i have to be busy and work on stuff in order to be happy . but work alone does not bring me much happiness ... lol , fine i'll change it . freezeframe can i copy yours ? ? :D but it hasn't been a month yet :P '