' this is a tough choice . skyrim could work . if you know the map and the easy areas / safe areas , you'll be fine as long as you are smart about working your way up . lots to do , plenty of beautiful ... frustrated , drained , lonely , bitter . all the good stuff that comes from excessive solitude . and i've only just begun my break ! ah , this is not going to be fun . aching already . http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/226/771/1289883953779.png stay strong , brothers and sisters . it may have been a bit out of tune , not all that much though . i did hit the bass notes pretty hard at some points , it may have gotten a bit too loud because i made my recording device more sensitive ... being a joke , being weird , awkward , and alone . i used to take adderall , i should now but this semester isn't too hard and i don't like the side effects . as for my personality , it makes me more talkative than i would usually be . got some rough stuff up on my sound cloud , browse through and let me know what you guys like gideon shrier's sounds on soundcloud - create , record and share your sounds for free when i play online video games , yeah . i used to be on my schools wrestling team , and even though i only got to wrestle one match it felt amazing to win . that said i'm not usually a competitive person well , thanks for scaring the shit out of me . i actually kind of checked over my shoulder a few times while reading this post haha i know the feeling . i think i'm more comfortable with myself after finding this site . i don't know if i'm in any position to welcome you here ( i'm fairly new myself ) , but if i am , welcome . i s'pose laughing at the original post makes me an asshole somewhat . oh well . i seriously doubt you or him are aliens , he's either very confused or trolling . that said , i do believe that there has ... the deepest level of understanding will bring you peace , i think . if you truly understand yourself you'll see your strengths and weaknesses and accept yourself as you are . you'll find what you can ... living on my own would probably be pretty awesome , though i'm sure there would be downsides that i'm overlooking . as long as i had friends nearby it would be great . i'd get the downtime and privacy i ... ah , i get it now haha , that's very kind of you to say , but i think i have a long way to go before i reach that level . thank you though something funny i noticed is that the dreamers section of forums has almost twice the number of posts as any of the other three sections . i guess the nf types feel like people here understand them , ... same , i felt i was a part of it . i didn't really have a body it's not rude at all . what you did actually showed a great deal of consideration - you wanted to make the most educated and helpful statement possible . don't feel bad . it was an interesting trick and ... i was in it , facing the direction the stream is heading , going with the flow . hey , i'm pretty sure i'm infp , but i imagined myself flowing in the river , coursing forward to wherever along with it . this is probably because of the whole buddhist ideology that every person is a ... i listen to metal and classical and read fantasy ( preferably the darker , grittier kind ) . not sure if that's common for 4w5s nice taste man , good to see yet another legit metalhead on here good thread title , i can't help but bristle at any form of criticism . i still ask for it because i know it's necessary for improvement and growth , but damn i know the defensiveness you're talking ... weed puts you in a different mental state , and it effects everybody differently . some people are giddy / happy , and it sounds like these are the people you've been exposed to the most . with others , ... haha , thanks , at least i score points for effort right ? eh , i'm no genius ( faaar from it . smart maybe , but not gifted ) , but i take pride in doing better than the grinders ( people who have to study their asses off to get anything done ) based solely ... i was going to do pre-med , but then i took chem 101 and decided that i didn't want to spend 8 years studying stuff i can't stand . i would really have to work my ass off to get through the physics and ... i got into the beta for dota 2 in march , which is awesome . i've got a great family and the cherry blossoms on the street outside my house are incredibly beautiful . the weather has been really nice ... this is going to sound arrogant , but i've been told i'm relatively good looking ( hot , to some . of course , i realize that to others i am probably gross . girls seem to have more variance in how they ... the melancholy spirit alright , i'ma try this again . you've got a real knack for seeing into a person's secret heart , and at times this talent has made you feel isolated or misanthropic ... yeah , supposedly this is the infp's natural defense against people they don't like / don't want to be around . when my wall is up i act in a more formal / impersonal way . all . the damn . time . i've seriously contemplated what i would do if a portal to fantasy style world opened up . it might make me irresponsible and inconsiderate ( to all the people who care about me ) , ... yup . i also share an appreciation for the items contained in your profile pic . i'm exclusively referring to the top hat and monocle of course . yup , nothing else . nothing at all . on a side note , ... happythoughts i'm usually no good at this type of guessing , but here it goes . you're a generally laid back person with an easy going , non intrusive sense of humor . you like to make people feel ... i think the way an infp makes friends is by trying to look at the person's heart ( as cliche as that sounds ) . your friend has probably analyzed / gone over your personality dozens of times over the ... i think my roommate is enfp , and funnily enough he seems like a more emotional guy than me . that's not to say that i don't have strong feelings ( i couldn't very well be an infp without them ) , but he ... it's pathetic , but deep down i have this childish hope that someone will come along and rescue me . the years show me just how wrong that idea is . i know i need to take responsibility for my own ... i'd have to disagree with that . extroverted girls make it easier to get to know them , but tbh i find myself attracted to the deeper thinking that tends to manifest itself in introverted types ( not to ... when i do notice , my reaction depends on how they're mirroring me . if it's body language or intonation , i don't mind because i know that we all do that and it's an unconscious way of connecting with ... trust me , this only works if you're a girl . if a girl is alone it makes her much more approachable for a guy . since girls don't tend to do the approaching if a guy is sitting alone he'll most likely ... of course , i don't think that metal heads are the only creative people around . even within that study it showed there were other genres of music that creative people are drawn to . i understand this ... sorry for posting twice , but something else occurred to me that i think is worth mentioning . liking someone who doesn't like you back is one of the most humiliating and painful emotional experiences ... all i can say is listen to silentknight 44750 . his way of handling it kind of sounds like mine . shades of gray daw , that's too bad . i want to go to mdf , i've gone the past two years , i just don't know if i can afford it this year shades of gray dude , i love death / doom . it's pretty much my favorite genre ever . i'm going to assault you with links now . i added in the sop just to cover a wider spread of genres to see what you ... shades of gray yep , death metal is my favorite genre . check these songs out , i think you'll like them http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gWi_LvD2jf8 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zzw8dAEghk8 ... ubiquitous sloth yeah , the mantle is great . did you check out their latest album ? it was really good too . narcissist duuude , october falls . ja listen to the womb of primordial nature ? i wouldn't really call agalloch post metal , but they definitely have some post rock influences . check them out , they're amazing . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z4ih3JVrRPE i don't really think i intimidate anyone - i'm too friendly / peaceable most of the time , and if someone bothers me i'll try and work it out in my head or avoid them . in a confrontation i'll try to ... george r . r martin and robert jordan are good . i remember some other good series but i can't recall the authors . check out the malazan chronicles too . edit : read the name of the wind and wise ... '