' i think i am going to put distance between us . he is a nice guy . i am glad though that i am at a place now where it seems easier to do . i am discussing other guys pursuing - who i am not crazy about , ... the two of us keep having the same convo about what went on . both are lying to each other . fun , fun . i am stuck not wanting to let the person go , but knowing i should let that idea go . it's hard ... yeah , fwb would be dumb , given my age , and rather insulting to my desire to have a real , grown-up relationship . thanks for your responses . i guess i know what's going on . he is in school , has major life decisions to make about where to live long term , and i'm very much situated where i am . family , friends , ... hey you all , i need some isfj insight on an issue with this isfj guy . basically , this guy has appeared to be interested in me for a few months now . we finally started texting , and it quickly ... i was majorly crushing on an intp . i thought i would always be attracted to them . but i am dating an ( other ) intp right now and i am ready to end it . nothing's happening . anyone else dealing with an istj father ? i used to be really close to him as a child . he was more affectionate than my mom , and so my need to feel loved , the way i need it , was fulfilled .  ... i just want to update you guys on what happened with this guy . this is soap opera material . get your popcorn . but i'll make it quick . we started talking again , after months of no contact . he ... ^ religion also has elements of experience . to op , nope . not choosing religion and not dumbing myself down . unfortunately , yes . life is a lot more interesting in my head . i've been attracted to all t types ; entp , intp and intj . i have not been able to sustain my romantic attraction to other fs . my response has nothing to do with mbti . this is what i would do in this situation . send him a text saying you need his advice about xyz that you need to have figured by x day , and if it's okay ... sowie . i am trying to get ourselves in situations where i would feel comfortable letting go . how much of commitment phobes are intjs ? i am moving slower than him . but that's because i don't know how he's seeing things for the long-term . he hasn't thrown any criticisms towards me yet . i dunno . he's way too proper . very proper places to eat , veryyy proper places to go to . i really like it . a guy who treats you that well is hard to ... i am already feeling a tad bit intimidated by my intj ( 2 months of dating ) and this thread is making it worse . you guys come off sounding judgmental . alright . so the intj i mentioned earlier in the thread asked me out again ... we have the date coming up soon . but neither does the person stay in touch , nor ask me how i am doing when we do talk : s ... i know we're notorious for not being disciplined . my fear of stuff gets really , really annoying . but when it ends , the productive streak only lasts so long . i feel like i need constant guidance ... in my experience , i've really liked them , but platonically . couldn't get attracted even though i knew they made the best husband material . infjs are the only guys i've called husband material ... yet ... man , i didn't know intjs had the whole not wanting to be pushy thing too . that is what stops me from putting myself out there . i would say it's best to stay within your boundary of not wanting ... not feeling guilty for not being as attracted , and not making it his fault . i am trying to take the situation as it is . would be nice to stay friends . i look at my more social friends and try to figure out what they do . it appears that a few meaningful interactions at some point keeps their friendships going . as long as you meaningfully connect ... 1ofakind , do you have any recommendations on resources i can use to get started ? i've been on and off with it and the reason for inconsistency is lack of guidance ... i think his attachment is either strong or he's using me for when he gets lonely . though , i know he cares for me . there are certain social differences that can make certain things difficult with ... i don't know if i want to confront him . i'm just going to let it be . i have put in some effort to get in touch and we've had some pretty genuine convos . so , upto him now . yeah , it sounded very genuine . and i had a good time too . he did most of the talking . on the first date , a major incompatibility became known and i was completely turned off - which was very ... i can kind of understand and kind of relate to what you are saying . with both these guys , even though there wasn't a personal emotional connection with the second one , there was a huge sense of ... ^ haha . interesting . in my case , both the infjs wanted more way before i was ready ... or maybe they express themselves strongly , which makes us assume a more stable emotional relationship ? with the ... yay ! i'm glad that helped . yeah , i was thinking that too . they're like : those cry-babies ! ! i have dated two infj guys . they just get friendzoned . i think it's their sense of secrecy . they don't open up , they don't have any real intellectual conversations because their emotions are under so ... there's an infj friend of mine who comes and tells me that he really , reallly likes me and wants me in his life ( romantically ) and then after a while , regardless of if i reciprocate or not , ... has anyone noticed how infp relationships questions thread only has 50 pages while that of intj has nearly 500 ? i think it just means we're awesome . if an intj you've been on a couple dates with doesn't stay in touch with you , it's safe to assume he's not interested right ? he told me that he enjoyed her conversations very much and that it's ... you guys make me feel so much betterr ! ! ! they very much disgust me too . i can't go on for long with people who follow inauthentic dating rules . for whatever it's worth in this thread , i am rather picky about friendships too . friendships take a lot of energy and i don't have that kind of energy unfortunately . unless ofcourse there's something ... do you guys consider yourselves picky about making friends ? and then care a lot about the friends you do make ? nooo ! ! ! : crying : ^ haha i have gone out of my way to take a picture of a particularly interesting tree - the kind we draw as kids ... after getting washed up in awe upon finding something so similar to that ... i'd feel better if i hear a non-infp say that :p . we're like the emotional mushes , who are serious about our values and people . exfj friend and i were making fun of me about how i just want to ... i don't get jealous easily ... but then again , i know i don't want to know about a partner's previous partners too much . i wouldn't like the feeling . so maybe i am ? and i 100 % dislike people not ... are infps the most unpopular kind ? we're probably the least sexiest as it is :p . i am working towards becoming a therapist .. and i'm an infp . and i can relate to what you are saying . i have been thinking about getting a therapist myself . therapists are often required to be ... also , i know some amazing people who have never been in relationships . my last long term relationship was almost 2.5 years ago . why hasn't it happened again ? well , i've gotten super picky and a tad ... i am not able to respond to everything brought up by the op . but i just want to say that no prior experience with a relationship would not be a deal-breaker for me - so that op knows there are people ... my first relationship was with an entp . even though , we had it established that i felt a lot more than he did , he was definitely in love . so yes , entps do fall in love and can be incredibly sweet ... any thoughts ? pshhh ! the person either is talking about those in their teen years or is basing their judgement on very few people . i could care less about their opinion . you guys have all been really warm and supportive . thanks ! :) i figured i'd update you . so i saw him this weekend . i had a good time . most of our higher level values and views about relationships ... '