some enneagram and mbti types cannot fit together , for instance ixfp and type 3 for the reason i explained . if you're going to contradict me at least give me a valuable counter argument :/ enneagram yes , mbti no . i don't think it's possible to be an infp and a type 3 . fi dom is all about being true to yourself and what you believe in and etc etc while type 3 is about being kind of nobody and defining ... i said ep because you seem to be all about taking information from the external world ( pe ) . and ne in particular : - what i prefer to do includes learning , being alone , reading , discovering new ... you seem like an isfp to me and i wouldn't say your se is underdevelopped . by the way , isfp =/ = artist hobo . ;) in my opinion you're a very obvious exxp and probably enxp . what do you think about those types ? voldemort is entj . same than angelic gardevoir , go twilight sparkle . twilight sparkle is not intp . an intp would not be as obsessed as twilight with doing everything by the book . they would most likely not also be obsessed with cleaning everything , making ... people who hate sensors are simply ignorant . twilight sparkle - istj 1w9 pinkie pie - enfp 7w6 fluttershy - isfp 9w1 rainbow dash - estp 3w2 applejack - estj 8w9 rarity - enfj 4w3 apple bloom - entp 3 sweetie bell - isfj scootaloo - ... then wouldn't it be / b / ony instead ? boosting your ego using personality types = priceless . i know many people who said that . don't worry , it's not that uncommon . that's very , very si and not ni . you don't look like an extrovert at all . that leaves inxp and isxj you really don't give ti dominant vibes . you also don't seem to have the strong ... infp . this is very much fi and not ti at all . frooosty the robot was a jolly happy soul with a corncob pipe and a button nose and one thousands of pooosts frooosty the robot was a great poster they say he had a big black name and ... i'm bored , so : a nerd if you are smart . which is uncool . : bored : se he takes pride on how people see him . se / fe , enneagram 3 what people think of him means a lot to him . fe he wants designer ... looks estp we're all dead , we just don't know it . =) it depends . as you said , relying based from an outside source of proof is indeed te . agreeing because it's how it's always been is si . agreeing because it makes sense to you ( and not relying on ... this isn't a sensor thing . yes it could be si ( past experiences ) , but it could also be ti ( logic ) . making generalizations about it is not function-related . you're right . i should try reading more than the first sentence in a post next time . =P at least it still answers to the op . si is not memory and is not related to memory . si acts based on the past . if something was done in the past worked , it will most likely work again . immature si users don't like what's new because ... entp trolololololol i'm awesome cock lol what a stupid question . what do you think about fi / te and fe / ti ? made pee eat . that's quite an achievement . from what you've said , you could be enfp . type 1 on the enneagram . by the way , you can't conciously use both ni and ne . same goes for fe and fi . 0 % = 100 % sensor 25 % = 50 % sensor 50 % = borderline 75 % = 50 % intuitive 100 % = 100 % intuitive it usually works this way . what types do you think you could be and why ? i guess it could depend where and how is the hit . type is about information processing , how the hell could it have a relation with pain tolerance ? i used to come to this forum a long time ago . if i don't get banned for multiple accounts , hello . there's no way this is correlated to type . males have higher pain tolerance than females , that's it .