' unpredictability can be interesting . unrelated : i haven't logged-in in awhile and i noticed my latest response in our message thread didn't go through . i tried a shorter one and received a ... agreed . you might be feeling something that isn't there . enfxs sometimes become upset on behalf of someone else , when that person doesn't care : 1 does not care to correct problem . he may not ... yes , coloring correctly without damage is expensive . you need the right conditioner + shampoo + treatments , and should get it done by someone who is experienced and understands the chemical ... aleister crowler vs hitler . v for victory . interesting . magic in history were not called spells and rituals , but experiments and operations . they took a scientific approach . heinrich ... i read your thread and it reeks of manipulation to me . never worry about blowing a potential opportunity . if it is a real opportunity ask yourself these questions : why is he not being ... not like that at all . i don't initiate ever in a romantic sense . with one exception . whom i knew for 2-3 years prior . no , people approach me and if i'm asked to give out contact info ( social ... sure , this is an interesting conversation . i sent a pm the other day , however there was a site error . it is showing up as sent , but if you did not receive one let me know . somewhere in the public and get to know the person as friends . discovering i'm interested is also a rarity . often times i just don't get interested . i don't become interested in anyone unless i've gotten to know them well over time . my position is turning others down who approach me , which is typically in a non-work environment . i work ... oh ? has the thought occurred to you that these wasteful romantic interests were undecided ? two months of getting to know someone is not enough time to collect enough data to decide if ... you're welcome . i believe you will enjoy it . what do you mean by very rarely incorporates their own emotional reactions ? i highly recommend reading zhuge liang's the way of the general . kongming is frequently compared to sun tzu as a genius strategist . he was also an inventor ( steam bun , repeating crossbow , ... more questions were anticipated . what is unanswered that you wish to know ? curiosity of what inspired the question . how long do intjs take before deciding to pursue someone , is a better question . months or years , you'll find in most cases . realizing interest can take time as well . is it better to be ... i think i come from a completely different perspective . and i believe i just realized why . with 1 exception , i don't pursue anyone . usually people i don't know approach me . in the past i always ... many would be happier if they did . and on that note people should be honest about what they want and who they are . i know so many people ( both genders ) who will pretend to be this or that , like or ... the problem is many people care too much about superficial things . is sexual attraction important ? of course it is . but so is : intellectual attraction complimentary goals and / or goals that do not ... explain to them that they made you frightened when they honked at you . outside of that , i would try to look inside yourself and understand why he makes you nervous . understanding that is your first ... she might not have been referring to only infp's , even though the question is on the infp board . she didn't say are we infp's attracted to monsters ? of course , she might have meant that , but we ... i completely disagree on waiting for karma . ( but not on waiting ... see more below ) why ? because often a bully type or get-away-with-whatever-they-can , type of person will not stop unless someone ... yes , let him hang himself . follow through with it . he likely will not learn his lesson and blame others , but you can at least prevent him from harming others . when justified , absolutely ! people who do terrible things to others and get away with it must be corrected . otherwise they will continue to do those . i did a 2 year plan that caused a business ... tell him that you love him and want to be serious with him and see if he feels the same . don't feel short just because you don't have x degree . you want someone who likes and appreciates you for ... i've never had a one night stand , nor have i ever been interested in one . it's a waste of time for me . now this isn't meant to demean those that do . i have male and female friends that enjoy ... you're welcome . a good book that covers breathing , note control , and other vocal areas is jaime vendera's ' raise your voice ' . 1 . accept this will happen and not worry about it . it's never a bad thing to do something to improve oneself . 2 . arrive at the gym in your gym clothes and only stash things like your jacket and car ... i rarely ever get interested in anyone . from what i've read on these forums that is typical of intj . for me women tend to approach and hit on me often for whatever reason and with 1 exception ... i recommend taking vocal lessons as well for a few months . doing so helped improved my speaking a great deal with business seminars , board members , etc . 1 . proper breathing technique : ... there's been several threads on infp - intj relationships . for me , no e or s types . s types have too many communication problems . e types are too draining . infp is an ideal type for me ... i've found that intjs and infps have a tendency to be drawn together like magnets . but ... the big hurdle is one of the 2 being direct enough and having the other ' get ' that the other likes them ... many men are assholes and either don't realize it's ok , don't care , or give in to pressure from other men to do it . i've always found things like cat calling and going out of the way to touch ... i agree . people should accept others for how they are . many people suffer in life because they try to force themselves to fit a particular label or don't fit one . and many people belittle others ... being direct and blunt is the correct approach with an intj . he doesn't sound like an intj . but it turns out her entj was correct , especially with the fake imdb site . i agree that it's ... i enjoy many forms of art . i'm a vocalist in a band , help with the sound engineering and post production , and have been slowly learning violin . with the band i wrote roughly 50 % to 80 % or more of ... add some muscle and toning exercises in . if you don't have or can't afford a gym membership get a pull up bar like the iron gym . you plant it on the door frame and can us it to do pull ups . add 10 ... i agree , open communication is key in a relationship . the secret to accomplishing goals is to break them down into smaller ones . start at your end goal . then ask yourself . what is the step before that ? keep doing this and you will get to where you ... it's probably a combination of technique and air control . air control makes a big difference especially when using grit or falsetto . minimizing the air flow escaping your body prevents your vocal ... i've been learning violin . i also sing . my ex used to call me a robot . sometimes she work call me beep , boop . i would tell her that i'm not . she'd ask me something like well then how do you feel ? and i'd say , well right now i'm ... * silent hill 2 * homeworld gitaroo man ( never beat this one on master mode . that sandbone trio . my brother did though ) actraiser 1 & 2 ( awesome music btw ) a link to the past super metroid mega ... i studied a book on facial expressions years ago to help with the resting face . when i slip into it i constantly get asked things like are you having fun ? are you sure ? are you ok ? etc . yes it sounds like he is / was interested in you and maybe didn't think things would work out or didn't realize he was . intjs , we are direct with everything except out own romantic emotions . and many ... i tend to over-analyze everything and won't make a response until i'm certain it's the right response . sometimes i'll wait hours , days , weeks , months , even years in some cases to make a decision with ... i've never been physical with anyone i haven't had an emotional attachment to . without one i don't see the point . thanks ! i disagree with the concept of someone being out of ones league . it's not a good reason to not date someone . if you're worried about power just don't live with the person . for me it's about liking ... that usually means they are interested but have a low self esteem and find themselves unworthy of you . men with low self-images tend to believe they aren't good looking enough , don't make enough ... '