' yep , me too . i go out of my way to desensitize myself to things like this . i feel it will make me more able to react appropriately if i'm faced with a situation where something terrible happens to ... sees picture checks ' about me ' sex preference - female shit . so basically they see everything except us to be deterministic and / or ' natural ' , and they like to put us in some sort of privileged position , possibly created by an all knowing being ? okay , i guess i ... i'm exactly the same . did you do this hastily ? i can tell , it's utterly terrible , probably the worst one here ! i didn't mean to talk with deterministic undertones but i can see how that might come through . still , in the event that free will exists , that wouldn't change the fact that humanity ( and all the ... but since we ourselves are a product of nature , and therefore all our actions are defaultly ' natural ' , wouldn't that make the creation of such elements just be a natural progression of things ? you're implying that human imagination is a separate thing from nature , even though it was created by nature ? when a bird makes a nest , it doesn't think about the potential implications that nest ... i've been thinking about this recently , and i'm beginning to wonder - what is unnatural ? i look at humanity like this , the buildings we construct are not much different from ant holes , and the ... in my old highschool it was exactly like that , but with cannabis . apparently there's something about my blank , sleep deprived stare that makes me look stoned . i only use the finest software on the market ... it's worth the price . 67286 ladies , ladies please . if you want sexual intercourse you're going to have to get in line like everyone else . agreed 100 % how often ? very rarely . with whom ? my friends and my fuck buddy . how long ? as brief as i can make them while still not spelling like a teenage girl . what's the square root of - 1 ? it was just a dumb maths reference . as for determinism , all events occur as a result of events that have happened previously , so the chance of anything that happened ... i agreed with everything except for 3 ( an equal ) . this probably stems from my inclination towards more dominant males , and if you want to look at it more deeply , my desire for numbers 2 , ( moral ... i see sex as purely recreational . i'd laugh my ass off if my partner awkwardly came up to me and admitted that he / she cheated on me . i couldn't care less , although if i was going to do it i'd make ... my coffee cup is almost empty . why are you so cruel to me reality ? i was on the question section of omegle , and the question was ' what is the root of all evil ? ' me : - 1 stranger : what ? stranger disconnected . i was listening to friends talk . friend : so ... personally i don't care for it . it seems like silly tradition that isn't worth the time or the money to me . there are plenty of more practical ways to show your love for someone , such as putting the ... i have conversations between various positions of my own cognitive dissonance . i can sit still for hours on end and not feel the need to move unless i need to use the bathroom . that being said , i'll often fiddle with whatever pen , eraser , or other small object is in my sight ... it's interesting that i actually feel this way . i also celebrate un-christmas , the reason being is on those days , i don't have a bunch of family who i don't like coming and intruding on my life . i ... ' time you enjoy wasting isn't wasted time . ' not sure where it came from originally , but i heard it from a character in fallout new vegas . also my signature - me . i generally look tired , serious , and stoned , or so people tell me . never even tried cannabis . yep . i make different noises for a wide variety of different situations . including but not limited to acknowledging someone's presence when i can't be bothered actually saying hello , and exclaiming ... if your metabolism is making you a normal , healthy weight , then it sounds perfect . a metabolism isn't always necessarily ' better ' the less weight it makes you put on . if you took that to the total ... release your inner rainbow . and by rainbow , i mean pictures . hmm , a whole bunch of intjs who're claiming to be honest people - but what if they're all lying ? hey . for the record , you can only have one set of functions , there are no special snowflakes . the good people here will help you figure out your type . the internet has stopped working properly in my house recently and i've had to move out of my bedroom into a room closer to the router . it's basically a family room that nobody ever occupies .  ... i'd get over it . i don't think i'll ever let myself get into a position where i believe that x person is the only one in the world for me , so i'd move on and seek out someone else . if a relationship ... i'm afraid not . it sounds awesome personally . i would imagine i wouldn't think much differently from the way i do now , but i'd be able to store and access lot more information , and do calculations a lot faster . as ... i imagine i'd have a tough time if i liked them a lot , but i've yet to be in a relationship like that . my first relationship , she walked up to me one day and said ' i'm breaking up with you . ' and i ... i can't relate to the issues you're having , but i would be willing to say that my sexuality has been irregular . i've mentioned this before but , when i was 13 , i was completely straight . at 14 i found ... 5w6 , pretty typical here . welcome to the intp pack , in real life you might consider yourself to be relatively intelligent , but here you're unexceptional . have fun . i win hmm , i can't say that i've ever had one fantasy world which i've been stuck on , but i do quite often imagine up worlds , which i use as fuel for my creative writing . i find it both easy and ... the stories i make in my mind tend to be pretty dark . i start with a scenario , like my mother dying in a car accident , and i progress with the story to see how i'd react . i do this a lot . i'm fairly good at creative story writing . people tell me i roll my eyes , i never notice myself doing it though . for the most part i'll just ignore them . i can tolerate most people though . i think what you're describing would be an intj , they're often dicks and then justify that by claiming to be a realist . a paraphrased conversation i had with an intj friend : you're gonna ' fail ... ¡ ʇsnظ ǝןqıɹɹǝʇ ¡ ǝq p , ʇɐɥʇ ǝןqıɹɹǝʇ ¡ ǝɹıʇuǝ ʇɥbıɹ buıop ǝʌ , ı buoɹʍ pןnoɔ sıɥʇ ǝq puɐ uǝǝq ʇı ʎɯ ǝɟıן ˙ ʇı ɯ , ı sɐ ı ʇɥbıɹ os ɯ , ı ǝɹnɔǝsuı ' ʍou ןǝǝɟ ɟı buıop buoɹʍ ¿ ı ʇı ɯɐ buıop ʇɥbıɹ i fucking hate the person who posted under me , how dare that little bitch ? i hope you die , you hear me down there ? i hope you die in a fucking gas fire . i'll sit eating popcorn while you burn , ... i voted no , i'm fairly confident i don't hold grudges , at least not to any great extent . especially when i compare myself to an intj friend of mine , who likes to bring up things that happened ages ... welp , i guess we won't be dating any time soon , i'm horrible at telling people i love them . i tend to assume that it's just implied . as for your issue with relationships , i can relate on some level , ... i exhibit some traits that might point to me being an aspie , when i'm alone i like to eat standing up , cross-legged on top of the table , or sometimes in the shower to name a few . i also have ocd in ... that's the spirit . the flaw would be that this ' city ' will be made up entirely of us sitting around in a large room talking about how we'd make the city great , and then we'd all go home and not actually accomplish ... '