' i had an unforgettable experience back in 2010 that i would say was certainly the law of attraction in action . this is before i was into any sort of spiritual woo or even knew the lot was a thing , so ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TuJqUvBj4rE https://genius.com/Deakin-good-house-lyrics https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A-U2E1pAA5k https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awYc9xvqnv0 ones : w2 apdenoatis : 1w2 2w1 5w6 sx / so ( probably ) giga blender : 1w2 2w1 5w6 zamyatin : 1w2 3w4 6w5 sp / sx vaan : 1w2 3w4 7w6 sx / so garbanzo : 1w2 4w3 5w4 sx proudtobeme : 1w2 4w5 5w6 sp / sx ... my heart use to bleed for the state of the planet / humanity but then i realized i shouldn't pain myself worrying about something i have no control over . all i have control of is myself , just like ... actually ground marshal and amaryllis , what i've gathered from the mbti is that everybody is one , since we all operate off of the same cognitive functions . perceiving someone as evil is simply ... i'm a considerate creator . pretty dang accurate ! personaldna | considerate creator - my personal dna report ones : w2 apdenoatis : 1w2 2w1 5w6 sx / so ( probably ) giga blender : 1w2 2w1 5w6 zamyatin : 1w2 3w4 6w5 sp / sx vaan : 1w2 3w4 7w6 sx / so garbanzo : 1w2 4w3 5w4 sx proudtobeme : 1w2 4w5 5w6 sp / sx ... i'm interested in sharing my knowledge , insight and theorizing one on one :) also i wanted to recommend an amazing pc horror game called amnesia : the dark descent . based on your most recent post ... ... if you study the logistics and heuristics of the mystics you will find that their minds rarely move in a line , so it's much more realistic to abandon such ballistics and resign to be trapped on a ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HQYC2EfzZZw http://i63.photobucket.com/albums/h148/xenamorph/desktop.png i believe he was an infj , or some kind of intuitive . in my metaphysical research i found an author ( dolores cannon ) who developed a method to hypnotize people to the point where they can contact ... puscifer - the humbling river with lyrics https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O0YxeTjFn70 i've wanted to know for a while the relation between one's soul and their personality type , turns out it's really simple . my question was answered by this bit in dalores cannon's book between death ... this is the most beautiful music / lyric combination i've ever heard . it's incredibly meaningful , every last lyric . it brought me to tears . listen to it with headphones if you can .  ... i've met 3 infjs that i know sure ( they knew their type ) . the first two were meh ( m / f ) - didn't connect with them very well , nor have we kept in contact to try . it really has to do with the person's ... oy , i'm so bad at keeping up with forums ! i've read everything and there's so many thought provoking info / opinions / experiences here ; i love controversial topics ! upon reading a lot of these it's ... all that you've said will be taken into consideration antipode , although it seems you represent the accursed ego-clinging crowd of humanity . * sigh * to assume i am unhappy with my current girlfriend ... i'm in an infj infj relationship . the idea of being romantically involved with more than one person was introduced to me by a certain famous sci-fi writer . i believe i would be happiest in life ... these are amazing ! ! i never knew such awesomeness could exist : crazy : mgmt vs . nirvana - smells like kid spirit https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H_DWoIHD_7k carly rae jepsen vs . ozzy osbourne ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h42_h8hBtWI oh yeah , i suppose this is a good time for an update cause i got one today ! apparently one of our other roomies already talked to the landlord ( he wouldn't say whooo ... ) . this information was ... i would say do the graphic design thing for a while until you've payed off your student loans and set some money aside to go back to school again . if you do pursue gd for now you don't have to stick ... you're all so insightful ! i love the te :) makin ' me feel kinda silly for even considering that ' intervention party ' , haha . in my defense , that idea was born on a night where several of us ... i'm gonna keep this short an sweet . i have an intj friend / roommate who's carried a terrible habit from home ( moved out in october ) to his new apartment ! basically his mother is a hoarder and he grew ... i'm an infj and an hsp . when i found out about hsp's it was a huge relief , i thought something about me was just wrong and different but to know that there are other people out there like me and that ... well , i'm just glad to hear i'm not the only infj having difficulties in sales jobs . i just got this job at tcf bank , and i really am starting to hate it - i have to walk around jewel osco all day ... eckhart tolle , dalai lama , and jiddu krishnamurti . their philosophies helped me shed my fear and live without judging people or life experiences . chemical , as a dominant t it's natural to struggle with expressing your emotions . in a world where it's common for emotions to be denounced against logic it's tougher than it should be ; sharing ... my guess is that it's because their first function is introverted feeling . introverted meaning they like to keep it to themselves and since it's their first and strongest function , they have the most ... current thread status : religious debate . destination : nowhere . that's rough , man . yes , she's her own person and blah blah blah ... what it comes down to is the op knew her and began dating her before all of this conversion business started up , and now he ... realizing it is the first step to overcoming it - if need be . :) time and experience is really all you need to ' come to terms ' with it . i believe that animalistic hostile drive is the surfacing of our second two functions ti and se . when our first two functions ( ni , fe ) aren't working out for us or feel threatened by ... anthropologist when i came to the realization i mentioned at the end of the above post i was trying to decode an infp as well . i went to their forum for advice and they gave me exactly what i asked ... i would like to express my thanks to those who contributed to this thread in a positive manner , especially razare for explaining what i cannot recall about my own youth . hopefully it will enlighten ... basically infps can be a challenge and a pleasure to befriend or a lost cause - as you've experienced . they are similar to us since we're nfs but there can be a lot of misunderstandings since all of ... i haven't read any other replies yet cause i want to remember the games i liked on my own , without seeing them listed here first . it'll be more fun this way :D computer : command & conquer : red ... i fall into these fairly often and have found a few tried and true ways of getting over them . sometimes i'll just run away and go socialize for a whole day or two ( <3 my isfp friend ) , then i come ... i can get quite frustrated with people i'm close to sometimes . when it does occur there's a build-up of things i've wanted to say and something has usually weakened my guards against saying them - be ... inferior se , i believe - i cope with it a bit differently . instead of putting myself down , i think way less of those who are not up to par with certain moral codes , for example . they're less than ... ahh , good point , jadenaria . that's crossed my mind as well , also it could be intensified by a seeping of other things we're keeping inside - or perhaps that's what pushes us over the edge to react ... does anyone else ever get angry at inanimate objects for the silliest reasons ? i think it has to do with our inferior extroverted sensing . also i have a very high spacial intelligence if that makes a ... the simple act of creating another human being is one of the most serious and impactful things you'll ever have control over in your life . if you are prepared to take on the entire fullest ... i feel i should followup on this in case anyone was curious of the outcome . turns out she was actually an enfp - she admitted that she never knew what to say / do around me so i took it as ... i was going to just quote a few but i mine as well just link you to my account . there's a timeline that's followed / story told if you start reading the ones from today ( the 8th of april ) . some tweets ... lol , damn it , alright . i like the colors in that picture though ... i'll just move it down the line a bit . perhaps i should have taken this information more seriously : my best face - tcg 183 ' s report i ... i threw this together over the course of a couple days and was wondering what my target audience thought of it . i think it's a bit lengthy but my reason for explaining so much in the beginning is to ... '