' i find it slightly annoying when people do that too . i try for the most part to only ask ' how are you ? ' or similar when i'm not in a rush . for instance , at my last job i used to not ask that question ... it feels like it would put people back in touch with actual needs . ' oh i need some food , and you need someone who can make them a table . shall we exchange ? ' vs with money it seems more like ... darn , there were more things i wanted to reply too but they got lost and i cba to trawl through to find them again ... it's crazy ( though i understand why you'd do this ) that we're led to be ... i'm trying desperately to catch up on all the posts ... it's been a busy few days ! ( skimming a few of them ... ) : wrecking_ball_viza _ i wonder about this . my isfp housemate is pretty obsessive about those kind of aesthetics - he would spend hours working on really tiny adjustments when he used to do a lot of music mixing and ... get them machi koro . or monopoly deal . still not utterly amazing games but significantly shorter and less painful . better yet get them to play king of tokyo . it's often easy to convince children to ... i have no idea how there are people who don't have this problem . i know they exist , but i don't know how . if i don't know someone then i don't really have any idea of their sort of sense of humour ... slightly addicted to this band at the moment : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GZNXbQhV7Nc https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_s0jshwt6k https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Mp60IpKoeI i was never that bothered by the ending of lost either . for me it was about the ride - it created a great atmosphere of mystery and i enjoyed the character interactions . i couldn't relate to the ... for me , until a conflict has been resolved i can't help but be thinking of it , even in small doses . i get tired once i start seeing ways in which someone may interpret what i said to continue the ... if i ever doubt my 9ishness , all i need to do is remember how i respond to conflict ... firstly , it makes me tired ( i could actually feel myself being physically tired by anticipating people's ... i'm going to stop the whole you're entitled to ... blah blah because i'm seeing how patronising it is from your point of view . i naturally try and acknowledge people's perspectives as valid so that ... i'm aware that this has dragged on for a while , so i will drop this topic if needed , i just wanted to make another attempt at clarification . this is happening on both sides . yes i can see they ... why .. ? * sobs loudly in the corner * the perfect gif response : kitteh : oh i do enjoy markiplier : kitteh : well ... i didn't get killed by the hammer ... : crazy : been watching some videos by this guy . any thoughts on his type ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NRJJzURu42Q https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dUoaKCoprqg ... beauty like the night , amaranthine , apple pine why is there a right answer on whether judging people on their clothing makes sense ? some people do it , probably the majority of people do , but even ... hah , and there was me wondering for a moment if i might actually be isfj after all :P guess i can't hide the fi ... : saturn : she's back ! hey , flighty is just another word for exciting : wink : guys , do i seem more se-ni or si-ne in my communication ? ( there are many things i want to reply to at the moment , but i really should go to sleep since i have to go to work in about 8 and a half ... similar to the conclusion i came to - being aware of the impact of the immediate environment . i think i just don't know how to resolve 9 ( or 6 ) tendencies with socionics se . i am chronically ... isn't that basic awareness of pain ? i don't know about whether this indicates a non polr spot for si in you , but someone made a comment about si polr on the socionics forum : i can see ... i somewhat fear the people who can relate to socionics se ... it comes across as brutal closed-off to me . i sort of see the positives in not being passive about things , but often it just comes across ... thanks for saying that :) i could see where you were coming from and had already constructed different ways that what you said could be interpreted in a more forgiving light , plus arguing against ... there's also that unless you're really passionate about your job , talking about it feels a bit lifeless and another obstacle to connection :/ i've always hated answering that question , but it's ... i can relate a little ( one of the reasons i forgot to mention in my earlier post why i thought there were arguments for me using se ) in that i can often be the one wanting to say hey let's play a ... that's true . i think i have a curious goal where i want to understand it well enough to the point that i can describe people in finer brushstrokes . there's some kind of magical feeling in being able ... hah , now you've put it in that way i'm inclined to agree with you ( particularly given barakiel's response ) . but things like this are why i feel like i'm still not fully understanding the functions , ... how do you relate to 4 ? hmm , that's a fair explanation . i think it just feels like a symptom of devaluing personal expression and your own feeling-interpretation . i don't have an issue with ... i think nick is the one i'm most sure of , he matches the fe polr description so perfectly in terms of mostly seeming unaware of how he affects a group dynamic and a sort of why should i have to do ... who was talking about new girl earlier ? fair phantom ? beauty like the night ? i've been thinking about types for them : schmidt - exfj . he's ridiculously fe , but i don't know about ni / se vs si / ne ... me too , though i agree with you that the just want to get home again makes them sound too mundane and less appealing . i think 4 , 5 and 7 are the most appealing after that , with a little bit of 1 ... this kinda feels like it solidifies sp / sx more for me . i'm bad at my finances , but i tend to obsess when i see i'm running low on money and be like now i can't buy anything . i have broken this ... thinking about it , intensity is the wrong word ( because i know i can be pretty intense ) , it's lack of passion and stimulation . i can get very stimulated and i want to be connected and invigorated by ... what gives you that impression ? does core 9 and 9-4- 6 tri-type sound right to you too ? it seems to me like you do the bolded thing a lot . you express something very strongly and then turn around and go oh no it was just an idea to explore . i can't think of any specific examples , but ... what do you call an introvert in a customer service job ? anything you like . they can't hear you over the internal screaming . i enjoyed when leonard would go i don't care ! and then wait ... * engages in nerdy argument * because it made their friendship more real and kind of adorable ( and they were fun ... he's a nice example of an intp that's fussy and demonstrates lower fe frequently ( who lives with an xsfj ) which can be good to dispel the common myth of the xntp as an impervious robot who does not ... 420066 one se-aux here who doesn't think the spiritual / mystical is silly . whether it's true or not , it can still be interesting to talk about how it affects you . this is a really good description of ... yes ! like scribbling things down because you're excited about thinking that you might have come up with a solution and you put it there because you're trying to think of something else but it's vague ... a problem i've consistently struggled with is always wanting to feel like i've solved problems ' my way ' or else i'm intellectually incompetent :| i gave up on studying maths at university because i ... i loved braid . it was one of those games where i just seemed to know what to do most of the time without thinking much . it was so intuitive almost all of the time . i had to be repeatedly told to ... mantas , i feel the same . i'm really really bad with tasks that involve remembering sequential instructions ( i've been working in retail lately and learning how to take payments at the till has been ... ... so guys , did i miss much .. ? ( hasn't been to pc in weeks ) did anyone ever play lemmings ? that and the braid / limbo games have the kind of puzzles that my brain likes ( no idea if that relates to ... it's a group thing using an app called splitwise that we put all our bills and shopping stuff for the house in so it tracks that we're all contributing more or less equally . i think i ended up ... my entp housemate is confusing ... i just had a conversation with him about why he un-deleted an old obsolete shared housegroup thing that handled keeping track of how much we all owed each other ... been watching this tonight : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RI2Cs9VwYiE essentially this is a video where the hosts suggest potential replacement lesser known and slightly more ... i think it's common to hate being your type because you're more acutely aware of the flaws of being it . but if you were a different type you'd just be exchanging them for different weaknesses . i ... i think it's just being temporarily less self-conscious . though oddly i still spell and grammar-check my posts before releasing them into the wild . but thank you nonetheless <3 '