' at home : that i'm awkward and unable to hold up a conversation . i make friends easily whenever i want to , and people say i'm nice and interesting to talk to . just because i'm an introvert doesn't ... i can't believe it but i got into my top university and i'm going to study there in october for 3 years : crazy :: happy : i'm sooo super excited ! ! ! i can't wait to study the love of my life ... i'd like to think that some of my ultimate personal values ( at least in terms of pursuing my dream career / job as a scientist ) is the intrinsic value of knowledge , as well as an altruistic desire to ... hello . once again it's been a while . i should be revising for university but 3 days stuck in my house and boredom will seep into your mind too , trust me . i know infps don't stereotypically marry ... when i first put my university application in i was worried i wouldn't get more than 2 or 1 offers . but i've got all 5 in a month ! and if i firm sussex it'll only be bbb : crazy : i'm so fucking ... 434761 http://yetanotherpapertown.tumblr.com/image/130908992733 i smile and wear a random hat . also hi everyone haven't been here in a while ; i trust y'all doing well ? ugh it's not even december and i'm already tired and fed up of sixth form and the amount of time i need to put into working . university cannot come soon enough . ( which may well be even more ... i feel so trapped , lonely and inadequate with an inability to feel better . i feel like everything has just decided to go against me to strip everything of me until there's nothing but the anatomy of ... ok . so i went to a party last night to ' celebrate ' the results we got . as it turns out a girl i know said to me that she thought that i was cute , told me she wanted to ask me out on a date to get to ... when i looked at the list , it was going fairly well . two bs ... sure ideally i'd have liked an a in english but it'll definitely allow me to get me into manchester . religious studies was at the bottom ; ... the few times i've been accused of flirting , it has been completely unintentional . if i've flirted with someone then it's definitely been accidental ( at least irl ) . but i honestly don't know where ... the most recent polls would suggest i'm 100 % uncertain on what i want to do at university and beyond , and 1 % certain on what i want to do at university and beyond - readers will be reminded there is ... there is a terrible emptiness in me , an indifference that hurts . - albert camus i didn't know where else to put the quote , and i'm not sure why i've temporarily morphed into the ... well , to be fair , today i was idolising how great it would be to eat a biscuit . it was such a disappointment . putting that aside this question got me thinking about my romantic career , for lack of ... i just want to go back to hong kong . i'd have much better self-awareness and be much more engaged then i was aged 10 , especially when seeing my distant family . this has been such a weird last few days ; from going to the cambridge uni open day to going to some kind of a summer school for a week instead of attending lessons at my sixth form , i'm meeting so ... personally i've found camus ' absurdist philosophy to resonate more with me more - instead of really creating a defined ' meaning ' i just live my life in spite of any meaning . i prefer it , as i've ... from what i've read of him he seems cool and willing to tackle issues which are important to me , such as income inequality . i doubt he'll become president but i hope he can open the dialogue for ... no room for a 17 year old ! ? ! unacceptable , i call ageism : crying : i went on my first protest today :D it was a lot of fun , but more importantly well organised and i hope it is effective in preventing the academisation of my school . and i'm in the background of the ... i was in the library for 5th period today , and decided to read the first few pages of the colour of magic to pass the time and to build some interest and assess whether i'd like his style and buy ... i am in a bit of a weird position ; most people speak of multiculturalism from a lack of it in their early lives to it being a new and all encompassing thing for them . i'm kind of the opposite . i grew ... the book that i've read most recently that's resonated with me is kurt vonnegut's slaughterhouse-five . it's a bit unconventional , and the style ( non-linear narrative ) may throw you off to begin with ... um hello i'm back from hibernation apparently . http://40.media.tumblr.com/dbb6b5ebe673a558a02c33d1cdec416c/tumblr_nf56kbyPP91s7nlb7o1_500.jpg i've gotta say one thing i find weird is how old some of the philosophy i study is : a lot of the variations of the cosmological argument i study are based on aristotelian logic and principles , like ... forgive me for commenting , but using google in a chat up line would make me think of some kind of omnipotent force beyond one's control that is always spying on you , so i'd be a little creeped out ... people did a few years ago - they would tell me directly that i was too boring , i needed to loosen up and be more chatty ; one person described attempts to talk to me as being like a therapist having ... haha that was good and i'm a huge fan of weird concepts like that , thank you for posting . why exactly is a theoretical physicist speaking on behalf of the field philosophy ? i actually recall a recent video i watched about the relationship between science and philosophy and i couldn't ... despite her test saying otherwise , i think my ex was an intp . if that's the textbook healthy intp then i hope to meet many more of them . now i'm not an expert in * insert a field of study * but i'm going to make some assertions and comments about that field of study anyway just shut the fuck up then . your opinion is worth nothing ... this seems to be a much bigger trend or issue - however you wish to describe it - then simply with our interpretations of aliens . the first thing i was taught in my english literature a-level was ... lost in translation was such a great film , i wish i could re-experience watching it for the first time last night . now i'm smiling http://m.c.lnkd.licdn.com/mpr/mpr/p/4/005/05b/0ad/17ef3d8.jpg can i want a hug become my official catchphrase ? with all of the interesting information provided about fairytale folklore , i'm tempted to do a shocking expose about the true nature of fairies . fairies : they used to take your children , now ... i'm oh so hilarious . crickets always stick around and chirp their approval for my unique wit and wry commentaries on life . i even used to make my ex-girlfriend laugh on occasion . i think part of my spiritual / philosophical self is fighting between doing something greater - contributing to a massive project with big picture implications or choosing to live a quieter life ... i feel like i ’ m at my lowest point , in at least a few years , if not my entire life . i ’ ve had worse adversity than what i face now , but now my consciousness is more sensitive and aware then it has ... living in norwich . any norfolk bound infps ? or is there anyone who lives in south london ? i was raised in sutton , which is nice and has it's own weird charm i guess . i kind of feel like that i'm going to randomly snap and completely lose control one day . i'm not sure if i'm just being dramatic , but sometimes i can feel all of the weight of sadness and despair ... on the planet earth , man had always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much — the wheel , new york , wars and so on — whilst all the dolphins had ever done ... i feel so isolated and trapped by my own isolation . i want to meet new people and move on with my life , but in some cases i can't and where i can change , it's a bit tricky in finding ways to make it ... i encourage every single one of you to watch the bbc made mini-film called marvellous . it's about a man called neil baldwin who lives around stoke-on-trent , who at an early age he is tagged with ... i think i was becoming a bit too emotionally dependent on my ex-girlfriend , which i think was the ultimate rookie mistake . for the first time in my life i was in a position where it was ok to be ... guys , when does being dumped stop hurting ? this just feels horrible . assuming that her mbti test was reliable , the problem for me was a sudden complete and utter lack of communication . suddenly my ex would not text me for several days , a week , without any indication ... ugh i feel so stupid and horrible right now . i miss my girlfriend hhhnfhgr . i dream of the future until it becomes the past , which i tend to look at with regret . but dreams using the future as fuel is dangerous , the future is a finite and non-renewable source : sad : i hope i ... '