' thank you , i might :) . your dynamic sounds really nice and healthy , and i feel sad when i realize that we probably don't have that . i wish i could recognize my so in the efforts that yours make , but i can't . i'm battling with wether or not i should reply to your answers , and i've decided that i should . you're being quite blunt and insensitive about this . i've been with this man for 7 years with both ... oh i have many times . many many many times . why do you think i'm in a relationship only to change him ? i never said that . my question was if it might be possible for an entj to become more in touch ... thanks , yeah it's clear that we cope very differently with our problems and i respect that . my problem is that he quickly gets rude as soon as i express that i feel sad or anxious , because he feels ... as an enfp i often feel that it's hard to get the emotional support i need from my entj partner . when i start talking about anxiety or express sadness over a lost family member he tends to get ... yeah i can definetely relate to the surge and desire for something else , something more , anything different and new ... usually i grab a glass of wine , satisfy my self-loathing with a cigarette and ... haha ! kill ' em with kindness ! i do that too ^ ^ . but i don't think that being f neccessarily means that you have to be sympathetic and compassionate , it just means that your actions are largely based on your emotions and not on logical conclusion ... i write poems , lyrics and short stories , so i don't sit for very long to write . i usually get struck by inspiration and start writing what seems to be pouring out of my pen ( sorry if that sounds ... i always get pangs of anxiety after a shopping spree , so i buy clothes and make up very rarely . i usually get stuff like that for xmas or as a birthday present :P . i kind of feel like it's a waste of ... haha ! ! this is actually worse than me ! ! :P i think it's a ten out of a ten on the messiness scale ... i have clothes lying everywhere , books and study material on the floor , labcoats on the kitchen floor , clothes stuffed into my bathroom ... no ! :P i focus on how they make me feel . i like clothes to be comfortable rather than trendy for example , and i can't be bothered to put on make up on a weekday . i much rather sleep another half hour ... haha cool ! it's a small world ^ ^ you may very well be right :) . yes certainly , but that doesn't make it less painful . thank you , your analysis is probably head-on . it seems like many intraverts feel misunderstood in a family full of extraverts , and it makes me sad . i mean we love her , value her , and ofcourse we want ... wow , this is eerie how similair this sounds to our situation . we really have tried to listen to her , show her that we mean well and that we just want to be a part of her life , but she just cut us off ... yeah , that's my fear . she has tendencies to get involved with men who wants to save her , and she wants to be saved by them , and then she kind of abandons her own ideas and values for his . maybe it's ... thank you , that is comforting to hear . i really miss her . okay , thanks for your respons . she's in her mid-twenties , but we went through some tough shit during our childhood , and i think her inability to cope with it made her regress in some aspects . i tried ... hi ! i have a sister who is an infj . she severed all bonds with our family , due to reasons we can't comprehend , after meeting this other infj and moved to his country where they are now living in ... what ! ! no way ! ! how come ? yes i do , absolutely , but that insecurity often motivates me even more these days . makes me want to prove to myself and to others that i'm capable , so i run in head-first . it doesn't always work ... brno :) . where in europe are you from ? :) i'm from sweden , currently living in the czech republic , raised in england during the first part of my childhood . i would like to visit japan for the food and subculture and the galapagos islands and ... hi ! i'm just starting to work on my diploma thesis where we will modify rabies virus , transcribe and translate the rabies rna and then incert cdna into e.coli plasmids to produce viral products . then ... i wish for something but i'm not sure what a different time , a different place i can feel it in my gut the faces , the places the trips and the treats i've walked these streets again and again ... i was never like your daughter , i frankly think she sounds horribly rude . my parents would have slapped that behaviour out of me if i ever talked to them in that way . i do get offended because you ... i think the completely destroyed her argument-part might be why she got upset ... she might have thought that you could playfully debate this particular topic , and felt run over when you bulldozered ... whaaat have you released an ep ? ? what kind of music do you make ? i can't listen during a boring lecture , my mind leaves the conversation instantly ! if someone asks me about what the lecturer just said i just have to tell them ' dude , i'm not even here ... ' i've found that cooking and drinking beer while listening to music makes me feel better :p . after a while i start dancing around , having an awesome time alone in my kitchen :P . also watching a ... i'm getting a feeling that you're trying to tell me that what i experienced actually was my fault and that i was projecting my feelings on my mother . i told my story in a balanced and mature way , ... god yes ! ! i seem to go between extremes too . i've been like an infp for a long time now , never quite got out of a long depression in my teens , but i'm starting to feel a lot better now , getting in ... i had a similair relationship to my now boyfriend entj , and i just flat out told him that i had feelings for him and that i wanted to be with him . took him a week to think about it , and then a long ... i have an esfj mother and it was hard growing up . she exploded over what she percieved as an attitude , and it would scare the shit out of me , because i didn't even know what i was having an ... i hear that many enfps experience it hard to decide on a job and enjoy it , but i'm not like that at all . i just decided that i would become a vet , and i just decided that i would finish vet school ... i don't think so at all . my experience is that they love to debate and quarrel , and respects you when their point of view is challanged by a good argument . but loyalty yes , indeed very important ^ ^ . i have several close infp friends , and also my father is infp and we have so much fun together ! i think we attract each other , great minds think alike ^ ^ . i love infps ^ ^ . male 70,8 / 100 female 60,5 / 100 androgenous 65,8 / 100 but i would just like to add that this is perpetuating the gender rules for men and women . who is to say what is more masculine and what is ... dear certain esfp , stop trying to control everyone , and stop trying to impose your values on everyone ! i don't want to do yoga , it pisses me off ! and i know meat used to be animals , but so was that ... yeah i've been jumping from relationship to relationship since like forever . i have no patience at all . it's important for me to connect to someone , to feel close to someone , i guess that's another ... wow . you sound like an amazing parent ! ! i wrote some stuff , but changed my mind , so i chose to remove it since i couldn't delete the entire thing . i've suffered from periods of depression , anxiety and eating disorders since i was 8 years old > < . well i've been meaning to clean my apartment for two weeks now ... so not at all i guess :P . but usually i clean the apartment as a form of cleansing ritual after a passed exam :P . mjez i noticed , but that doesn't mean it's not true ;) i didn't even mention that , because i think actions speak for themselves , but naturally , intjs are highly intelligent and competent people ;) . '