' intp , and i much prefer self-teaching . i can't focus well if i'm working in a group . i'm pretty good with abstract , theoretical things , but depending on the subject in question i do like to take what ... has anyone said feelings or sunshine yet ? i don't take it as gospel , but it does help me navigate social and professional situations with more ease than before . even though it's not a hard science and will never be perfect , knowing basic ... hi kids . my close xsfp friend is going through a difficult breakup . any tips on what i , a clumsy intp who usually mistakes emotions for physical illness before realizing what's actually happening , ... so based on the title and my long-distance-relationship-induced-lack-of-d-gutter-mind i definitely thought this was going to be a to which side do you dress post . mild disappointment aside , i'm ... infj fiancee has pretty good self control . i have very little . infp mum and 2 entp brothers are also not so good at it . istp dad has incredible self control unless food is related and then he has ... nah , it's spock's get up that bugs me . i can mentally fluid and bend the barber's enough that i can be like , hm ... alright . it could work ... but there's no way i'd believe that spock's attire of ... i've seen this photo before ! but when i was originally sleep searching for the answer i was looking for an answer that would be accurate in a totally authentic and real star trek universe . mccoy : ... you guys who is the barber on the enterprise and why do we never see spock getting his hair trimmed ? ? ? because i have had vulcan bangs before and i can tell you they require very regular ... you took everything i was going to say ! to op , this post is good . take a look at cognitive functions - it should help clear things up a bit ! not a fan of fruity sodas , but i'll have an apple one every once in a while . ( intp engaged to an infj here ! ) ti is your third function but still strong enough that you guys are worthy adversaries and debate partners . we can have intellectual discussions with eachother and ... when my grandfather died i thought i had the stomach flu until a few months later when i realized i was actually sad . i tend to feel emotions super strongly but i can't properly identify them until a ... my infj fiancee can't enjoy sex if there's no emotional connection . i'm laying in bed drinking tea and eating cold pizza watching star trek tos while i knit ( making small tea towels with curse words on them ) and i can't for the life of me figure out why people like ... move on with life . it bothers me a lot for a while but i'll move on . i might question if i'm doing the right thing or not , because a lot of the time i can understand the thought process behind the ... i love the creative liberties you've taken with the grammar and spelling of the english language ! true isfp artistic sense at its finest ! so impressive ! definitely wasn't expecting it to come out correct , but it did ! intp , owl . both . infj dislike conflict , so if they're annoyed or upset , they'll likely internalize it and not say anything for a while . once it reaches a certain point they might say something , but even that ... i hope not ! we're very open in regards to communication and haven't had any really big fights . anytime we've had any issues we were able to take a few minutes to calm down and address the issue ... infjs lead with ni , which doesn't do well with our ne . my fiancee is an infj and this has been a bit of a challenge - he has a very one-track mind . i want my hand in every pot and bounce around from ... i do well with enxps . the high ne makes for a good playmate . i also seem to be pretty successful with the istps i've met . not really any expectation for emotion from either side , and the ones i've ... i had no idea this was a thing that existed but now i have a mighty need for one . he's got a system rigged up where larger aluminum bits go into a vessel with boron sintered tungsten carbide bead button thingies to be ground into aluminum dust . makes a terrible noise but it ... it's actually been suggested by several people that i may be somewhere on the spectrum so i guess the high score should come as no surprise , but i still wasn't expecting it to be quite so easy a ... today i really wish i wasn't so damn good at my job . i work in an aggressive retail environment and we don't get commission , but employees who rank highest in sales get the most hours . i started in ... 1 ) i have to feel considerably sure that the candidate will respect and understand my need for independence , and let me know if they need more attention bc i probably won't pick up on it . 2 ) i don't ... 48 intp , ravenclaw , horned serpent father : istp ( 9 ) mother : infp ( 6 ) brother # 1 : xntp ( 10 ) self : intp ( 9 ) brother # 2 : entp ( 9 ) brother # 3 : 13 y / o so i'm not sure yet but i see a lot of ixfj tendencies in him super ti-heavy ... i'm taking two online courses for the summer semester . one is a psychology of sport class , which i'm really only taking because it fulfills the mandatory pe requirement and means i don't have to ... i have facebook but rarely use it . i made one a few years ago , deleted it because too many people added me , then remade and added only a small number of people whose updates i actually care about and ... late to the party and with a long post ! ( intp engaged to an infj here ) ( also a warning for potentially tmi but this is a sexy thread so * shrug * ) the first bit my infj and i were together i ... okay . let's pretend just for a minute that inanimate objects do have feelings and emotions . the sky is green . my refrigerator is going through a bad breakup . my lamp has anxiety . etc . what sets you ... i am certain that i don't experience certainty . i work for the company that owns hello kitty and all my coworkers are super bubbly , outgoing , esfx types . since my natural speech is very deadpan and monotone and can definitely come across as bitchy ... mom : psycho dad : istp brother # 1 : intp me : intp brother # 2 : entp brother # 3 : idk man he's 12 ( something with fe towards the top , probably ) only 8 but i've only been up for about 30 minutes . i usually have around 20-40 but can easily get into the 100 + range when i'm super into something . aw damn i left my popcorn gif in my other pants :/ congrats on maintaining homeostasis this long , kid , but work on the rest a bit * sneakily cape swishes right back outta this clusterfuck * today at dinner my adolescent brother asked if i would rather fight a bear or a lion . the question gives no hints as to specific species , gender , or age , and all of those will have an influence on ... i have a close ( ish ) enfp friend / coworker . really fun to be around but i don't think i could ever be in a relationship with one . when we're together it's definitely enjoyable and the ne storm is very ... me : * has gotten stuck in my shoes ( again ) ( this happens with embarrassing and almost alarming frequency ) and had to call entp brother to untie them and set me free * entp : you should look up knot ... i have people whose company i don't mind but not many whose company i'm likely to actually seek out . there are very few people i would consider friends , and even fewer who i'd consider close friends ... sometimes i really despise being a female bc of all the expectations it comes with . i just got in a heated argument with my mother that ended with her angrily washing dishes and giving me the ... was the entire house full of water ? or did the shark have legs ? i don't dislike it but i do usually ask for an explanation . i don't understand a lot of the reasons or things people call cute so i usually probe a bit to try and find out . a longwinded and ... all the days . my coworkers all call me grandpa . ( we're all females aged 19-24 and we work at sanrio , the hello kitty store . ) it started out as a running joke about how i'm basically an old man but at some ... retail isn't the most ideal , but if you can find a small or family owned shop you might have luck . i work at a shop in our mall that's family owned . we only have 6 staff total and the owner comes in ... i knew it ! ! '