' still going strong at just over the two year mark . i have made noticeable changes and do not plan on slowing . i have attached my 2 year progress picture , but with my face cropped out , you know to ... congrats fellow entj ! thats funny , i like it . and ... there may be some truth to it haha . i don't follow trends necessarily , although in a way we all do unless we are making our own clothing . i do like to look nice no matter what the situation though . in the summer just hanging out i ... for someone who throws such sweeping generalizations around i have a hard time thinking you're not weak , or possibly it's just your general lack of knowledge on personality theory ? either way , i have ... congrats boss ! gave up the gym tonight for yard work ... and ... beer http://i1276.photobucket.com/albums/y468/2eng/image_zpsda8e95c7.jpg haha happy birthday to the most talented and intelligent enfp i have the pleasure of knowing . you truly are an inspirer and i am a better person because of you . thank you for being you ! love you ... i read most of your post and didn't see what position this was you were interviewing for , but i just may have missed it . i'm going to approach this from two ways , one from an interviewee ... congrats ! not sure what you are saying ... to busy noticing the obvious resemblance between me and your avatar . : cool : so we should make it a form with some sort of digital signature so we know they have read the disclaimer , otherwise it was all done in vain . unless everytime someone doesn't understand us , we go ... what's the need for an advisory claiming that they may be skipped or may be ignored ? just do it and if they don't get any responses ... they'll get the idea . i think stating that people should be able to post what they want , however they want , just as long as it can be reciprocated is nothing but objective . i know i have posted in the f forums before ... who was told how to behave ? the format idea is certainly telling people how to behave . i only noticed expression of opinions that couldn't be taken on the chin just as we expect others to be able ... monkey king , irl what do you do when someone asks you a question or makes a statement that you don't understand ? do you stand there and look at them like they are a fool until they simply walk away , ... i'm not sure that demanding that a question be clear will eradicate any misunderstanding of the question . what makes a question unclear ? it seems to me requiring a question be asked clearly alone ... out of curiosity , in what format / presentation style do you propose other types ideas to be presented in ? and does this format / style apply to the entj's as well ? i for one enjoy the varying ideas and viewpoints . i don't think anyone or type should be discouraged either through disclaimers or ridicule from posting in our forum . it seems as though we would be ... be happy where you are , but never be content to be there . - l . rogers being fairly new in my position , it felt good to give a member of my team a raise . i am rewarding those that deserve it , and slowly weeding out the dead weight and replacing them with qualified ... sore and exhausted ... that sums it up . i will ... thanks again ! nothing really comes to mind , my experience with it is too limited . i just know that i like the indie rock that i've heard so i was curious about others to check out . thanks for the list . i'll check ... what other indie rock bands do you like ? yeah , that's what i like most about the video too ... but i do like both versions of the song as well . of all the personality types i figured you guys would appreciate this the most ... so here you go . this guy is amazing . the video has over 79 million views so i am sure many of you have seen this ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9oG1IfQx9Oc no no no you're doing it all wrong . this is how you do it ... http://i.imgur.com/cUQji.gif here's my point . i find legs and asses and lips and collar bones and many other parts of a woman that can be seen sexy as well , but let me ask you this ... if you were given the choice of seeing a ... if it was the norm for women to walk around topless in our culture , men wouldn't see breasts any more sexually attractive than a pair of legs , because they would be used to it imo . do i see breasts ... big day at the gym today . full chest workout ( new personal max weight ) , core , and multiple sets of pushups to top it off . i will be ready and will meet my goal . ^ ^ this and the whole supreme intelligence thing too ... wait ... that's true too . we will think of something . never mind thanks i agree . i recently took a how to deal with problematic employees class ( mandatory for all department heads to attend ) . funny thing is the info i got out of that class was exactly , and i ... tuesday : back , shoulders and core wednesday : arms and core today : it hurts to shift my car ... oh and cardio where is the fire him because he's a jackass option ? the test is flawed . i am a little skeptical , i'll let you know what i think when it's over . it's emotional intelligence based on daniel goleman's book titled emotional intelligence . we shall see how it turns out . i'm with benja ... she makes that sound so nice haha . the buzz part , not the sunshine and rainbows part . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gA8z3Yk3wWc&sns=em maybe we should all try to ween off coffee as monkey king suggested and try the half-caf ... monday 3/4 i'm taking a class on emotional intelligence ... kinda psyched about it . it looks like it's made of cheesecloth . haha . nah , he has nothing on me . besides enfpleasantly has it covered . if i felt i needed to step in i would . i've only actually had to step in once or twice and that was after repeated attempts by ... 58551 this thread reminds me of this haha .. http://gifsoup.com/imager.php?id=1010269&t=o i always enjoy coming to the gym right after the first of the year ... kinda reminds me of when i was in college , you know when everyone would show up ... for the first week or two before they quit . i like them , i guess , but only certain styles in certain areas on certain people . i tend to see them as a great way to limit your career . i don't necessarily agree that this should be the case , but ... i am having a hard time with this ... as entj's passive aggresiveness isn't our mo . congratulations the king of dreams . that's quite an accomplishment . '