' any help is great help . never be afraid to ask for it :) less than usd 30k after taxes . do i win a prize , do i ? do i ? estp : lying , cheating , used projection when faced with problems , overall just unreliable , mummy's boy . istj : ungenerous , calculating , mummy's boy , needed to be trained on hygiene issues , fucked ... 1 . that is a hard question to answer . considering this is less than a year , i am unable to articulate something tangible other than him sometimes helping me out with work issues , teaching me to ride ... thanks , i just couldn't wrap my head around combating their opinions with objectivity as an attempt to invalidate their thoughts and thus their individuality ; logic comes across as a personal ... that's deep , could you elaborate ? i'm having trouble visualising that . but i do know he wavers between meaningful logic i . e . god cannot exist because if he did we wouldn't need traffic laws and ... i don't think of it as a slacker statement at all ; being able to captain and manage your life on your own is fantastic . the exception is the people who wear it on their sleeve , and expect people to ... he has fixed understanding / expectations of things and basically if you are on the opposite end you must be wrong . has a need / expectation to check in on almost anything ... which has its pros and ... thank you and i think you are spot on here : they act out because they are trying to make you react not because they deeply feel something . and yes it seems my usually diplomatic methods of ... ffs that part about not wanting to pull the finger out , then getting a bitch fit when told to get around their sh * t really sh * ts me . i've tried logical deduction ; but the logic he employs is ... clever and thank you for your insight . i am very fun and caring but i don't appreciate someone spending every other day , for several mins to hours , ranting about something he is unable / unwilling ... my intp is stressed out at work , but started finding fault in our relationship over ( what i think are ) quite trivial things . got to the point where he accused me of making up a story / lying about an ... anyone experienced an intp partner who is nitpicky , ranty and argumentative ? how do you not turn almost every conversation into an argument about whose opinion is right / wrong / logical / illogical ? the types who are irresponsible , illogical , ignorant and lazy . this is my process with things that appeal to my senses , and also which i think give me real satisfaction : - when was the last time i bought it ? can i skip this instance and still pull through on ... that's a hard one . i find that because i like doing things in a certain way with expectations of results already planned out , someone doing it differently and potentially upending the plans drives me ... do you find that you need to understand the root cause of a discomfort as soon as possible ? i've noticed that if someone has had a misunderstanding about a situation with me ( usually because i said ... i've learnt to embrace them - especially if they don't interrupt my plans , only the people i like are invited , it is being hosted at a venue i love or will love , with my preferred menu and that it ... don't mind meeting new - interesting - people . i get fired up when the conversation is exciting and challenging , unfortunately i've been told a few times that people want to switch off when they are ... even better . you can't get rid of no matter how much you tried , even the robovacuum runs out of batteries at some point . i thought we were materialised from diamond dust . < on the way to a wedding dinner > the girls : so , ro we want to inform you ahead that this wedding will incorporate lots of entertainment ... like cultural dances , kpop dances , singing . so be warned ... on the fence . ant's life was good , and i think in the end it is the story line still that reels me in . animation or not , if the story line is predictable or boring i'll just go bake a pie . intp . pros : teaches me how to relax and go with the flow ( this is almost impossible for me , and i am secretly anxious by wasting the day away waking up late , cooking brunch , listening to new ... indeed , that is under the presumption that one didn't take their time to evaluate the other person . i'm coming from the standpoint that once a full evaluation is done , time is not wasted . generally ... i didn't type my mother ; we're over the problems now , we get along fine . i don't talk about the hurt , but she's done a lot to change her responses and as i was critical in helping her overcome a ... i'd like to see someone suck me off , simply because it would be physically impossible and i'm utterly unimpressed by superficial behaviour as an attempt to curry favours with me . you're either ... don't : 1 ) commit logical fallacy . if she is right , don't tell her she is wrong . she will lose respect for you very quickly and shut your opinions out . 2 ) your last para suggests you have ... 1 ) entjs don't get intimidated by commitment . more often than not , we demand it . if something is good , it doesn't get too fast for us . in fact , you snooze , you lose . 2 ) my humble advice ? stop ... thanks , humbled indeed . as a marketeer , i live to give perspective . lol . sorry if my reply sounded like an attack . it was not . i caught on to what you were saying . i was simply venting my frustration - in extension to your argument - that these tests are mostly ... #truestory 1 : i was frustrated about the progress of a budding romance , where the guy wouldn't step up and pursue . my take on it was he simply wasn't interested and was lazy ; everyone else opined he ... talk about the hot guys , point them out when you are out and say damn , i wish i had him . then look at him , shrug and sigh . that should be sufficiently clear . step 1 : i don't like this . i don't want this . step 2 : you can't make me . please stop . step 3 : really ? just f - - - off already . i'd have to contend with that . i've said before that environment and culture have a strong impact on behaviours and i disagree that that all te-doms disregard relationships swiftly . in my experience , ... enfp , estj . in my case , women are more vocal about enforcing the stereotypes than men . i live in a more traditional society and gender roles are still reinforced here , albeit there being more changes . men who ... sorry you're going through that , i feel for you - had the same thing . i got flamed for it in the end because the knob was in the boss ' good books ( he's a flake like her ) . in the end , another ... 1 . being called a bitch because i'm right and aggressive and determined . 2 . being underestimated because i have an obvious chest . 3 . being called uncool when i shoot down a sexist comment with my ... it's interesting that i can relate ( as a woman ) those same things i would do for my so . i suppose these traits are less gender-relevant . haha i said thanks ! before in the past and the face on the guy ... visa moment . your job is to say alright darling . a : oh uhh haha , you are funny ! hey , what is that you are drinking ? b : that's nice . did you have a think about that question i asked about kids and marriage ? c : that's nice . are we going home ... hahahahahaha . the so and i were talking about the meaning behind lionel ritchie's easy and how it could be useful in delivering a meaningful breakup discussion intro . that was fun ! i got number of lives : neutral pedestrians > passengers upholding the law > lawlessness avoiding intervention ( more towards ' less mattered ' ) gender : neutral humans > animals ... i don't know if this will apply to your relationship , but my experience with intps : - can be very ' ranty ' and has a tendency to go on and on about ... whatever . it's not that i don't care , i do , but ... 10 : traveling with family and friends in a rented apartment , i was speaking to ' someone ' in my sleep who asked questions who were were etc . i woke up to the noise of a barking dog at 3am , but we were ... yes , through personal spiritual experiences . as they say , i felt i was touched and have been spiritual since . i wouldn't say religious , since a lot of the dogma bewilder me but to each his own . non verbal actions , mostly . i've only said it once first ; i was young and stupid then , and rushed them as a method to get the person to commit . my bad . almost on all other occasions it has been ... um mate you asked what's the best place to go looking for women with the traits i outlined as desirable ? you're welcome . '