' they definitely wouldn't inject you with anything without telling you first . also , this seems like a more appropriate thing to take to a primary care doctor . hospitals aren't meant for things ... yay ! glad to hear from you and glad you survived the hurricane ! ! whenever i feel this way about people , they always turn out to be isfps or istps . no idea why that is . this is sometimes i always ponder over . i always wonder if it'll be annoying for the person to get an email that just says thank you ! but then i figure , they'll probably just open it , be relieved ... what is your type ? is this tertiary or inferior fe ? you seem to care what people think of you without being able to really fit in . as in , you want to fe but you can't really fe . it seems like ... just a random comment , there seems to be a lot of infj + istp / isfp relationships . i had one myself :) i think they can be great for a while but don't really last ... never heard of it ¯ _ ( ツ ) _ / ¯ yeah i honestly kind of agree with aizar :/ i mean , i know it's going to be painful and i have total sympathy ( and empathy ) for the op because i've been through it myself and i know what it feels ... have you considered the possibility that this particular concert might not mean as much to him as it does to you ? what i mean is , to you this concert was clearly a special part of your relationship ... i'm really sorry about the break up :( it will hurt for a while but eventually you'll meet someone better ! :) i really doubt he was doing this to hurt you or rub it in your face ... he probably ... none of the above . my theory : extroversion is decreased sensitivity to outside stimulation , hence the need for more of it . introversion is increased sensitivity to outside stimulation , hence the ... i think he does withdraw - think of all the times the ron and hermione are bickering and harry's just sitting there like ... you might not notice them because he just doesn't have any dialogue ... i saw someone liked my post from years ago about me not thinking harry potter was a 9 , but i just wanted to say that i now have fully changed my mind and i definitely think harry potter is a 9 . also ... yeah i definitely do that . it's the only time you can talk and saying everything without somebody interrupting you ! or having to listen to other people in return ... also it helps flesh out your ideas ... well it makes sense when you think that the alternative would be an egg with a little baby chick inside . i love shallow socializing ! ( obviously ) preach brother . enfp type 1 seems quite possible to me . my enfp aunt is a type 6 , but she can act very 1 - ish and we definitely thought she was a type 1 for a while . also , my sister is a type 1 and is either istp or ... somebody's been digging up old threads ... ;) i'm an atheist ! :) i can't think of any entjs that i know ¯ _ ( ツ ) _ / ¯ i do know an entp who is surprisingly charming and charismatic despite being incredibly weird and off-putting to many . lametaoist i guess i just see the enneagram as a system of empirical observation of our psyches , obviously imperfect , but one of the best frameworks we have . the psyche is so complicated but the ... the two enfps i know the best are not really like that ... they're both really emotional and can be super judgemental ( actually they are two of the most judgemental people i know ) . they are also ... well i guess i should back up and say that no , of course , i don't have proof that the whole the enneagram theory exists ; but i assume for the sake of the argument that it's true , and describe the ... i don't really agree with that . it doesn't connect all parts of one's self or one's experience . it's not really for providing a sense of continuity or self . it's not really for anything - - it just ... the things that make me feel most alive are se things , or maybe a combination of se and fe , i . e . doing something really fun and active with a group of people that i feel really comfortable and in ... you're into marketing now , fabi ? are you sure its entjs in general or are you just in love with this particular person ? :p ok but just like ... why ? the purpose of a forum is to discuss ideas . you're not really discussing anything or helping anyone if you're just like that's dumb . i like when people bring up really ... to me , the enneagram theory has always rang true . i've gotten to know the enneatypes deeply and felt the extent to which my own effects me , and i've never felt myself switching to another type in ... but you do know that some people use a judging function as their primary function , right ? like for example --> enfj . fe ni se ti . this order roughly correlates with how often the functions are used ... because your enneatype starts to shape how your brain works from a very young age . ( as do many other things such as mbti type , nutrition , culture , etc ) . you are conditioned to act a certain way , ... to me , there are so many disturbing things about the way society runs on a normal day , that many people participate in without remarking on ... for example , 1 ) the fact that everybody drives personal ... true . you're not the only one , but i'm kind of questioning why all the very blunt and dismissive reactions to this topic . is it really such a weird question to ask ? i mean no one on here has been like ... well , one thing remember is that all terms and labels used in the enneagram , such as anger , deceit , sloth , envy , etc ( i . e . the labels used for the passions of some of the types ) should not be ... does anyone have any source of what type jung was himself ? i seem to remember reading that he was an ni-user , but i can't remember where i read that . yeah , could be . book sansa is not as vivid in my memory as show sansa ... i would consider type 2 for book sansa . the most vivid thing i remember about her from the books is ( spoiler for books 1 & 4 ) ... it's funny that you posted this because i read recently as well and was confused by it . to be fair , i've always had trouble understanding te and ti . but his ti description sounded so much like ... : laughing : i also really like the bran and night king theory ( if you've never heard of it and are totally confused ... i'll just say it involves time travel . think of the hold the door thing ) . i saw ... just do it , it may be hard but no matter what , it'll be a learning experience . don't worry about if you're ready , unless you have some kind of specific emotional problem that can be resolved or ... it's quite possible for 9s to be extroverts , but i agree that sansa doesn't seem like a 9 ( though i'm also not sure she is an extrovert ... ) . she doesn't have any obvious characteristics of any ... yeah i guess that is different , then . i have the same reaction as you to someone who is bragging ( looking down on them ) . but i don't really have the reaction you were initially talking about , then . i ... well not to mention that as recently at the 19th century ( at least ) in western europe , it was regarded as normal for cousins to marry . ( source : mansfield park by jane austen ) . my uncle actually ... that's really interesting ... it's definitely 4ish . i usually have more 3ish reactions ... when i admire something in someone , i have more of a tendency to attempt to emulate that thing in myself , ... i think that there is such a strong cultural ( and even genetic ) prohibition of incest that it is unlikely to surface except in extreme situations . it seems likely to me that most cases of incest ... here are some easy ways to spot type 6s : - they always know way too much information about any topic , and are eager to share it with you ( my esfp type 6 friend had a habit of knowing more about my ... i'm not a classic music connoisseur by any means , but for some reason i find that prefer pieces with fewer instruments rather than more . i get to attend full orchestras regularly because my nephew is ... yeah , definitely , but i guess the more important thing is that it relaxes the body as well , in a very natural way ... i . e . you may be kind of tense because you're doing something active , but you're ... update ! here are some more experiences i've been having ... 1 ) i'm usually pretty good at doing things that involving movement , like driving for example . i have good reflexes and situational ... they've always seemed pretty specific to me . seems like all you have to do is a quick google search to find several websites that all explain them in a slightly different angle that might help ... audiology '