' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t8edHB_h908 ixfp just because i always think of cats as fi doms for some reason . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ib28iGc9go4 especially on websites that have become a haven for neo nazis , such as perc . i'm such a nerd . i've been learning dutch on duolingo and i'm having so much fun :) duolingo is the shit ! oh my god i love this xd right wingers do this because they lack political consciousness . i doubt it , but if they are real then i hope to hell that they're nothing like the twilight vampires ! i would agree that both are likely related to confidence levels . it makes sense to me that someone would be aggressive to overcompensate for a ( sometimes perceived ) shortcoming . both nazi germany and the soviet union were extremely nationalist . i can't think of a more nationalist country nowadays than the dprk . what separates your ' nationalism ' from theirs ? you're not the only one , there are plenty of infps who are right wing conservatives / alt reich fascists here on perc . 10am in which time zone ? patrick walker has the voice of an angel ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E8Hs98jGJt8 eh , cloggies are pretty cool people from my experience . i did not feel like going to the gym this morning , but i went anyway and i had one of the best workouts anyway . if you don't feel like exercising , do it anyway . you'll be glad that you did . i actually thought it was a brand of cologne when i first heard his name : laughing : apparently they temp-banned a lot of people from those forums , so they're pretty dead as of late . [ / color ] https://media0.giphy.com/media/9QBAaVgMxMQtq/giphy.gif i've come to realize that i need to spend more time working on improving skills and learning new things . i'm usually so lazy just sitting around , watching youtube and playing video games . i don't ... it felt like a good time to get a fresh new name and a bit of a profile makeover . all of the above . george soros gave me a lot of money to not have kids and contribute to white genocide so that muslim arabs can move in and turn us into a caliphate . i'm part of it and i honestly have no idea what it's even about . since shahada is gone , i see that you're trying to start your own personality cult to replace hers , am i right ? poly = many tics = blood sucking parasites . you're welcome https://i.imgur.com/mhbxotu.jpg asking the real questions here you have a choice to fuck either of two men and you must choose one , but you can't have both or neither . they both look exactly the same ( feel free to use your imagination here ) with the only ... can you please change my name to : zeta neprok i'm tired of my old name . thanks ! don't you be dissin ' bob ross do you eat pineapple on pizza ? https://youtu.be/aznd4gj5kaU i would leave in embarrassment at my younger selves . that's because you're smart as fuck . shahada was always nice to me , but i have to admit that i found it sort of confusing as to why . her and i were always at odds about some very crucial issues . this is obviously a shitpost thread . the stereotypes are ridiculous . granted , i probably fit a lot of them , but my art skills are horrendous . always gotta love when people use mbti to stroke their ego : rolleyes : i'm going to say ' stupidity ' but not because i think most people are stupid or anything like that . do you know how many times nuclear war almost happened because of a computer glitch ? the only ... i somehow managed to get a coffee date this weekend . it's probably a miracle of some sort ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mkAqK4YW474 i'm pretty drunk , and the night hasn't even started yet : laughing : the free market isn't free at all . in fact , it's extremely coercive and authoritarian . the reason why they are against the state is because the state is an institution that can be influenced by the public . sometimes working class people will push for reforms , and they will be ... if anything , i feel more comfortable around women than i do around men . perc has become a haven for neo nazis i'm pretty stupid too . what's interesting is that i don't talk all that much , so a lot of people don't hear me say stupid shit so they think i'm smart . suckers ... : laughing : although i disagree with what he said about multiculturalism ( assuming that i understood what he meant ) , everything else he said was right , and he made a lot of good points . i don't think he's right when he says that that's the end goal of multiculturalism . i would agree that it's the goal to remove white dominance in western society ( and let's be honest , that's not a ... of course , you are only allowed to have sex with white people otherwise you're an sjw liberal cuck ! by being white and not having children i am contributing to white genocide . also , what moderate even means changes depending on the context of the political situation at the time . a moderate in 2017 would be seen as a radical extremist in 1917 . most people today would ... '