' good point . although , i doubt it's probable enough to pick something else . i would say you're right in that not every job will be there but the range of jobs is enough to have a wide range of ... as far as i was aware the career lists are the careers which will demand the use of your preferred functions , which won't ever change . sure you can learn to use other functions but you're never going ... hi guys , this thread is about whether it's possible to find long term satisfaction and success in a career field that is considered unsuited to your mbti type . i hypothesize that once you have ... the opening post was based on news reports and the overall impression i got from the guy when he was talking to the dispatcher . he mentioned he was never a violent person and that he wasn't angry at ... thought i'd post my thoughts on jake evans , the 17 year old boy who killed his mum and sister . not sure if i'm correct , but i think this might be a case of a dissociated type 9 erupting in a fit ... just like buying a chicken yea ? some are factory farmed , some are free range , some corn fed but i like mine organic . when you change your paradigm from get and manipulate thesituation and you even go beyond fair relationships where you give alittle more than your getting , and you transcend all of that todevelop ... holy shit . would hate to be you . the op is simply saying that one can date higher quality women the more he embodies his fullest potential . what's wrong with that ? he didn't objectify anybody nor did ... probably a bit late now but for it's worth , david d is a self-confessed intp . he talks about this in many of his mbti videos on youtube . this makes sense to me as i've always seen him as more head in ... my infj mum always tells me this . maybe it's true . in what ways are we self-centred ? i seem to have the problem of only wanting to do things for other people if it's a win-win situation . i'll ... no offence . but you sound like a right cock . the wierd thing is , i find that both personalities are me , it's just when i'm in cool mode people seem to think that i'm that way all the time so it feels like i haven't been fully seen . i think it's ... fuck that ! lol i'd rather die . i do this too ! it's kinda annoying . like you feel judged by people in the group if you don't know them first , but then like you say , once you get to know them better the shyness goes away . i really ... doesn't matter what i'd do . it only matters what you do . i''m not sure i could ever be good enough - your'll only find out if you take the chance . learning is about the willingness to be ... i guess it would depend on the enfp . i'm a borderline enfp , my only strong preference is the n so i'm not that extroverted . maybe if i dated a stong enfp it would have a higher chance of working than ... yer , i'v noticed this before . it's like someone looking through you but not connecting , hence the feeling of being criticised . is it normal for a strong intj to feel like their present in their head ... it's not what goes on in their heads its more about how they feel . as an enfp i usually find my interactions with intj's ok , but i must say sometimes i feel i'm being criticised causing me to censor ... question where your fear comes from and address it at its source . i don't understand what the problem is ? if your not interested in him then forget it , but if you are then chat to him next time you see him . and another thing . trust yourself . there's no need to question whether your wierd . sounds needy and possessive . steer clear . infj's you have my permission to be awesome ... because you are awesome ! my mum's an infj and i tell her that she needs to be more authentic and put more of herself on the line . if you meet a new person and they can't get an impression of who you are , then the connection ... so very well put . i'd also like to add that authentic interactions with other people also help . anything to shift your focus away from your feeling state and into the now . hi people , i'v been in a massive rut for the past 3 months since i dropped out of uni and i need your help to get out of it ! ! so here's what happened ... 3 months ago i decided to drop out of my ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ATd3wAgVOQQ dam , this is exactly what i do . i've just come out of a two year foundation degree course and looking back i realise how i basically put my whole life on hold to get what i wanted out of it . we're so ... yer , me too ! sounds like a good idea . i might start doing this . when i have problems i usually keep them to myself which causing me to seek solitude . i'v also had a similar experience to you the past two or so ... yer , i get this sometimes and its beautiful when it happens ; i call it being in state . i can reach this state as and when i please . the key is not wanting it to happen too much . wanting it will ... last october while my mum has on holiday i decided to experiment with meditation as it was always something i wanted to try . i'd tried it a few times before with no avail , i just kept getting ... as someone mentioned above , i can get depersonalised . its like you push yourself so much that your not really their anymore , but your mind keeps going . horrible feeling actually , could be compared ... yer , i can so relate to this right now ! ! i'm in the exact same position . cut a long story short , in january i started to loose motivation for my course and since then i gradually reduced the number ... when feeling of love appear in the body , pupils will dilate and tear ducts secrete minute amounts of fluid giving the eyes a shiny glazed look hence if two people are feeling the love your'll ... anything they want to baby ! ! : laughing : yer , i think they're great but can't think of anything positive to say right now as i'v just had an argument with my mum who is one ! ! they can be too judgemental at times without looking at the ... '