' i've got skeleton puns mastoid . actually , they're a little hard to come up with , so that might be a fib ... ula . i had my xiphoid looked at today . nothing was wrong , it was just a long process . ... today i discovered that my favorite gardens are now free for students . which is great for me because they're perfect for relaxing . there's a quiet place there full of swings called the cathedral of ... sittapygmaea thanks ! i'll start small , that sounds good . also i may have mentioned this before , but i really like your avatar / username . i've missed seeing nutchatches a lot since i moved further ... i wish i could set some boundaries with my friends . like , my biggest pet peeve is i don't like being called stupid , even in the most joking way . but i feel like i'd get called out for being too ... i want to post regularly again , but i keep deleting and getting frustrated every time i come back . i haven't been writing lately either . i think it's because expression is a form of knowing and ... suedeswede my thoughts exactly . gender feels like a weird ritual sometimes , i wish it was more casual . part of the reason i posted in the first place was because of a customer i'd helped earlier ... i just want to be the size of a galaxy so i can eat all the stars and gas giants without them noticing and getting upset . is that so bad ? isn't that what love looks like ? isn't that what ... why are gender roles even a thing . look . it's great if you're comfortable being traditionally masculine or feminine . but don't cut down people who don't fit your expectations . ( based on a weird ... i guess getting to know people is like reading a book . it takes time and you may not understand certain parts . once you know them pretty well it's like you've finished the book , but you'll always ... the past is gone , and cannot harm you anymore . and while the future is fast coming for you , it always flinches first , and settles in as the gentle present . this now , this us , we can cope with that ... mostly when i get a compliment or criticism it throws me completely of guard . i must not be very self-aware . anyway , things have been good lately . i don't feel so out of control anymore , but i ... this is the kind of city where people write weird haikus under the highway bridges . anyway , if you keep walking past the bridge and through all the brush by the creek there's a part where all the ... no one tells you how bluebonnets smell . it's like honey , and somehow warm . an individual flower has no scent , only the big fields . even then , it's pretty mild , but so wholesome . just thinking about ... i think i might try asking out a really close friend of mine . i just realized that when i pictured myself with anyone else it didn't feel right . or maybe i shouldn't , i don't want to make things ... i found a rope swing hanging over a little waterfall today , so i had to try it even though the water was freezing . it was nice , though , because it's super warm here after being rainy for awhile . my ... i imagine my older self would wop me over the head with his cane and then say something along the lines of stop worrying so much , spend more time by the ocean , and tell people you love them . ... attic that recipe sounds gorgeous . plus it's been super rainy here , so soup sounds wonderful . i will let you know how it turns out ! sage del viento mine is about the same , haha . we should join a ... i've grown an awful beard . i don't know exactly why . why not . it's good to mix things up sometimes , even if i was better off before . and maybe it isn't too awful . it can be a part of my ' try new ... shamelessly watched amelie with a warm drink . it's been one of those days . to be honest i'd gotten so nervous about everything that there wasn't much point in doing anything else . that's just how ... m : 49 f : 74 a : 68 i'd never do such a thing . * banging noises and cries for help from my locked closet * quiet in there . sorry about that it's just the ... rats . people always have really emotional conversations outside my apartment when it rains . it's very dramatic . maybe i'm an extra in a romantic comedy without knowing it . i wish spring could just go on ... i felt weird looking back through a couple of sketchbooks that i've kept . they weren't even that old , but i felt so distant from some of the things i'd drawn and written . especially from all the ... i'm having second breakfast at 3 in the afternoon and i cannot be stopped . i'm probably a bit of a loon :p but i like kinglets a lot , they're probably one of my favorites . snipes are strange , they're great . i also really like whip-poor-wills and other nighthawks ... no , not at all , or maybe just occasionally . if i need to make an important decision that i have enough time to really consider , then maybe . for little things like what to make for dinner or what to ... close :p austin is sort of a southern narnia . the city seems to have made a lot of effort to preserve historical things , so there's these weird little pockets of magic hidden all over the place . sometimes i make puns so awful that i'm secretly proud of them for weeks . mainly because i'm usually not very good at making puns , so when my mind actually manages to put one together , it's a sort of ... despite what one of my professors says , i really do not think there's one right way to enjoy a book . in fact , i think it's silly to look down your nose at people who enjoy a book just for plot or a ... strained relaxation , aggravation . long walks surrounded by nature . the very satisfying way ice crackles in a fresh glass of water . i'd forgotten how much i liked this place . i feel better just reading through everyone's posts , i don't know why . it's just relaxing somehow . i spent a few hours worrying in a treehouse today and ... spaghetti . mm , mm , mm ... speaking of , i now have an idea of what to make for dinner tomorrow . i've dug myself into a deep hole . every piece of fruit anyone's eaten spent an entire growing season bathing in sunlight somewhere . it's a comforting idea for me , just rows and rows of trees full of fruit that's waiting to ripen . ... i'm aggressively procrastinating . which is exactly like regular procrastinating , but i'm very aware of all the things i need to do and i'm sitting here doing nothing to spite them . i'm thankful for my legs . they get me where i'm going and take me away from where i don't want to be . i'm putting off doing things because it's been such a great day to drape myself over things and doze . park benches . large rocks . any sort of chair or cushion . also i've got a small sack full of ... the world seems cleaner after a few days of winter rain . some thoughts about a few books i've read recently ( i kind of binge-read over the holidays ) . maybe spoilers ? the elegance of the hedgehog : i kind of liked it . i sort of liked how it read , but i ... i feel like i need to do something , but i'm not sure what . not in the ' oh i need to do laundry ' sort of way . something that feels like it should be obvious . it's important . i have a sense of not ... i just want to take my dog and live somewhere alone in the mountains miles away from anywhere . i don't know exactly why , but this song has been helping me calm down when nothing else does . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FnzHOsiaJns music is so strange . how do our brains manage to ... i just want to crawl into a dumpster . throw me in the trash . oh my god i just realized what i've become http://img1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20120117061845/muppet/images/5/5b/Oscar-can.png it ... i'm having a hot drink while spending some time drawing and reading this evening . sometimes the thunder cracks outside , and it's wonderful . perfect way to end the day . blah , went through a bad time . hope it's over now , some things are just bound to happen every once in awhile . fear of failure , no joy in success . not a good combo . i want to melt and sink down into the earth . rebuild myself into stalagmites somewhere down in the cool empty spaces . also i'm very , very bad at meditating . kindofblue 06 yesss , i hadn't thought of that . i feel merry already just thinking of all the puns ; it will be done :D sargon aww , haha , it's nice to know somebody else has had some salamander troubles :p roud : i'd never seen a salamander before . and what was it doing in a parking lot ? i kept walking , trying not to think about it too much , but i couldn't just leave it , it would get run over or stepped on . ... '