firstly ` extroverted thinking ` says you tend to communicate expressing your thoughts as opposed to expressing your feelings ( your feelings are introverted , just as powerful , but not expressed ) .   ... ` debate ` pre-supposes disagreement . this would mean that either i had a definite conclusion based on a faulty reasoning process and with lack of relevant data , or i quite simply haven ` t already ... hadn ` t thought about it , or been particular aware of this aspect , until this post . thinking about it i always have solid eye contact , and maintain it when listening or expressing , unless i consider ... do you feel that you need someone to really connect with ? and did you find that someone that you can connect with in a deeper level ? yes no i can connect with people very well , so long as it ... then as soon as one person from now ( you ) goes back in time then they take everybody back with them ( as they don ` t exist in this none existent time in your future from your past where you have gone ... paradox still stands then ... you are never in the future to go back ... you could do it on the basis of a spiritual visit that could impact the ` past ` person ` s thinking / view on events . so , it is about building up wisdom and learning outcomes before you act . you still ... your pain is deep because you feel thwarted ... it s that very sense of being made to stay small and the lack of being able to express who you are that is testament to the very essence of your spirit ... ... not sure about the frank bit ... i ` m very frank ... think maybe you meant cant take people being frank ... unless intj woman ... and that is the case for me , i actually prefer it . now you can criticise me for not criticising you and letting you know you made me smile :) i criticise the above for being more an insult than a criticism . an insult ( also called a slur , scoff , slight or putdown ) is an expression , statement ( or sometimes behavior ) which is considered ... i criticise the above for being more an insult than a criticism . an insult ( also called a slur , scoff , slight or putdown ) is an expression , statement ( or sometimes behavior ) which is considered ... http://i4.photobucket.com/albums/y116/ladyicewolf/Cong1.jpg hiya robot ;) mrs cafebot roamed the threads gave friendly advice and welcomed new guests . friendly debate , fun , frolics and games they were the things that sent joy through their veins . at home was she when ... hah ! poem ban for stephen . that has to be my post of the month ! edit - mine , happy ` s and the collective . the whole lot - just cafebot left then ;) this is goood ;) now i want one lol problem is it ` s beginning to look like we all do . so here ` s my suggestion : poem ban for happy . poem ban collectively for all personality cafe members ... congrat stephen :) here is a present for you - i know you ` re gonna love it : http://images.icanhascheezburger.com/completestore/2008/9/2/lolcatperfected128648297482876832.jpg criticized for expecting someone to feel insulted in a thread that is about criticism yet this is no ordinary ballet dancer , but a robot in the form of a swan , created at mälardalen university and choreographed by professional dancer åsa unander-scharin ... i criticize you for a view that criticism has to be fuelled by hate . but i also have to admire your sig quote : i have met a lot of hardboiled eggs in my time , but you're twenty minutes . ” oscar ... @ chwimleian what i mean by this is that very often one can be making a point about an issue that ultimately is related to a high value - for example capital punishment . i am completely and ... r . i . p . etta http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OAoCWpCJsuc i criticize the use of the term nazi as a noun to describe an attitude . this criticism is based on a personal opinion of mine that using the noun nazi - which has a very specific meaning , and refers ... the decision to put your thought here helps you get it out of your head and helps stop it whirling round incessantly ;) i don ` t know of course , but often when people are emotionally raw , such as ... i criticize the above for not coming even close to making a criticism ! there is only one way to make money on mlm and that is recruiting . that is what the whole structure is based on ! yep , these are exactly the calls that irritate me . i criticize you for making me sing the first line of somewhere over the rainbow each time i see your tin man avatar ! i criticise you for criticizing rather than taking action ... you should say the parrot isn ` t dead and criticise me for bringing it back ! lol http://www.missfidget.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/05/parrot_sketch.jpg i criticize you for being typist . i criticize you for giving false information on root of the term nazi . the correct root is : first two syllables of nationalsozialist - so does not mean nationalistic and has actually been disbanded ... i criticize you for continuing this thread as if it were an argument clinic . criticised for not even attempting a criticism - merely handing out advise . given that you have just joined us and made an excellent pithy criticism of msbossypants , i hesitate to criticise you - however although you have a good profile pic you show no effort at all in ... one of the best :) stick around . no one else can really decide what type you are only you . i can make an observation from the in part of me and that is i would make that evaluation myself , sure may ask for some feedback and read a ... honestly , what sort of example is this ... mood of loving , notices dragons starving and just leaves them there . go to community page and at the top of the list you will find : announcements the place to find news & updates about personalitycafe . subforums : articles , awards , contest , interviews , ... any particular poll - or you want to start one ? women : do you seek status in a potential mate ? ( by this i mean a person who makes a lot of money , drives and nice car , has a nice house . ) are of of these the first things you look for ? status ... hi i have an xsfj ( she is 50 - 50 on e & i ) who is a very highly accomplished person professionally . i am though very concerned about her . this description fits her perfectly : esfjs at their ... this has given me an idea about a new clothing range . histrionic garb : in ya face clobber whats got character ! the fact that she doesn ` t like to be touched rings alarm bells in me . you have said you feel really close to her but you have not mentioned anything about her appearance , whether you fancy her etc . ... yes , i agree . i do find that certain spellings etc . do grate on me ... sort of stop me in my tracks and i have to re-group and re-read to get back into the flow . although i do see situation were ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=081dHOYY6IE no - i really find them very unsexy - evokes a feeling that the man lacks sensuality . even where the person is not dating material i find them a distraction in conversations . the often heard but misleading “ rule ” that a sentence should not end with a preposition is transferred from latin , where it is an accurate description of practice . but english grammar is different ... i absolutely respond against guys with any type of beard or moustache . absolute turn off for me . 5 o ` clock shadow yes definitely ... more than that off with it or i ` m out of here . it ` s not a ... purple is the colour i dislike most .