' ping pong : the animation and monster are the two best i have ever seen and i cannot recommend either of them enough to anyone / everyone . other good ones i have seen : neon genesis evangelion mirai ... it has been a while :P 563218 it is a good day :) http://i.imgur.com/RqFs7Bo.jpg i think that i want to be too much . i may believe that i am capable of it , but it is not feasible . i find that i always feel like i give people the wrong impression of who i am . i think that i am not good enough for anyone . it is possible that my standards were too high in the past , but i do not know if that is the case now . when i think about it , i feel as if i would not be ... shesinfj you can never be too empathetic :) in fact , it is the most logical way to be . humans are connected by their emotions . if we do not have empathy , there is nothing stopping us from tearing ... any punishment should be self-inflicted . the actions of an individual make sense to them . no , more than that . the actions of an individual are justifiable in their minds . however , this works both ... i have trouble with it when i am in my absolute worst emotional states , which is generally just when i need to sleep . otherwise , listening to people and thinking about their issues , trying to put ... really ? thank you : redface : hey infps :) i have never ' cross-posted ' before o . o 448698 :) 448001 go steelers ! http://i.imgur.com/1tzubk2.jpg that is the point though . i am nothing without recognition . how do i exist in this world as anything other than an amalgamation of the perceptions other people have of me ? i have a perception of ... i deserve what i receive . i have no need to ask for anything from anyone , because people will treat me the way that they believe that i deserve to be treated . if people think that i deserve to be ... thank you for this :) you are really nice . i just consider myself to be average-looking because of my opinion of myself compared with how attractive other guys seem to me as well as how ... i am average-looking at best . though i may have low self-esteem , it is more of a fear that there is no situation in which a heterosexual male can interact with a female without some amount of sexual ... those of you not yet in a relationship - - what do you think is holding you back , if anything ? i am not physically attractive , and / or i have an unappealing personality . also , i have a lot of ... ok then :) i look forward to it ! and thank you again 442578 quoting is messed up for some reason :P but inforjoking , you do not have to post pictures if you do not want to ! also , those were some of the nicest things that anyone has ever said to me :) ... [ / quote ] really ? : eek : : redface : thank you ! :) and i look forward to seeing yours :D my hair was being difficult again today :P http://i.imgur.com/KHJjVv7.jpg that would be cool ! i want to try to do my judging and loving looks sometime now :) thank you for this :) your arrogance was not terrible . my arrogance is . i call it a self-imposed double standard lol . other people can do whatever they want to , and i will not resent / condemn them ... we are no more special than anyone else :) everyone in the world knows something that you do not know ;) i tend to be much more laid back / goofy and logical in real life , and much more serious and emotional ( but in a logical way ) online . i think that the ' realest ' i am is when i am with very few people ... it is possible to know . unfortunately , the fact of the matter is that no one is genuinely altruistic . the simple fact that people control their actions means that ( unless some other entity is ... there are so many people who i miss talking to , so many people who i want to introduce to my ' reformed ' non-depressed self , and i have made some attempts , but it seems as if these people have better ... oh ok . my reasoning is not the same . would you prevent yourself from marrying someone who you liked for the same reason ? and thank you for answering . why not ? and who would you marry ( if anyone ) ? i have had the same thought , but i wonder what your reasoning is ( if you would not mind sharing it ) . could you please change my name to : sonderous ? i would appreciate it :) thank you ! it has become a birthday weekend extravaganza due to divorced parents and conflicting schedules lol . and thus far , it has been amazing :D no need to apologize ! it was a birthday dinner :) i am about 6 ' tall , maybe 5 ' 11.5 not quite :P from tonight :) http://i.imgur.com/4sKlq3E.jpg huh ... i had not thought about it like that . are you saying that truth is not relative to the individual ? i think that he was correct about that . however , i also believe that there is a convergence on ... yeah i felt weird asking a question like that - it seems difficult to try to quantify something that is supposed to be part of the way you naturally perceive the world . thank you for your answer ... how does fi work for you ? i do not think that i understand fi very well at all . any responses would be hugely appreciated . if you want to talk about those kinds of things , i would be glad to :) i will stay up all night with you if you need me to , and i am sure that there are other people here ( and everywhere ) who would ... unproductive in what sense ? you can produce amazing things that may not be pertinent in the world of grades and salaries :) i would argue that any day is productive simply for the fact that you have ... it was not a bad day , but i feel really weird right now . a little headache-y , and my already extremely tangential / ephemeral thoughts are all over the place for some reason . fortunately , that has not ... he makes me sad :/ i kind of see him as a bitter / angry person who also understands many things about people extremely well for the most part , but he is constrained by his attitude . however , i have ... i am grateful for human empathy :) i might be a little too old to be worth adopting , even if i were up for it :P thank you so much for the compliments :) : redface : : redface : really ? thank you ! :) i think that i just have a bad camera haha :P ( please ignore the hair sticking out on the side lol :P ) 438786 1 . my perception of myself is not something that i believe i can articulate well . i also do not believe that my perception of myself is particularly meaningful . if i had to , i would just say that i ... welcome ! i hope you enjoy your time here :) it kills me . i am forced to figure out what my mistakes were completely on my own , and there is little or no hope for input from the person who has chosen to ignore me . how can i improve ? i just have ... i kind of have this problem as well . at least in terms of being able to articulate the things that i truly think in person . it might be an introvert thing , where like i think that it is wrong to be ... i think that i might be that way now , but i can be reasonably sure that i am an infj . i thought that i was an intj , and so did a friend of mine , but i talked to some of her intj friends ( who are ... '