' anna seemed a bit more n on ouat , and with her awkwardness i originally thought she was either isfp or enfp . witch : entj baker : isfj baker's wife : i think she uses ne , but i'm not sure . maybe entp cinderella : infj red : isfp ? jack : enfp rapunzel : classic example of an infp mysterious man : probably ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q_SLJkU65Rs check out this video . i do believe it's accurate . i do agree with the idea of anna being enfp . there's a video on youtube with clips from the film explaining when she uses each function , and when you compare them with se , she doesn't really have se ... lily as infp ? i don't see much ne in her , i thought it would be supressed . she's far more fe - artistic enfjs and esfjs do exist , plus , infps are usually more like the mother , or even ted ( though ted ... i think marshall's also an enfp . i guess i could see enfj , but he seems more idea-driven backed up with strong morality ( wanting to be an environmental lawyer and not a corporate one , etc . ) rather ... tevye - enfp ; i don't really see any ni in him . golde - istj tzeitel - isfj hodel - infp ( maybe isfp ? leaning towards n ) chava - ixfx ? she seems quite sensitive , which is unusual for ts . the ... sorry if there's another thread for this , but i found this so ... yup ! leslie - enfj ( oh my god she is the quintessential enfj ) ron - torn between istp and istj . probably istp . ann - isfj april ... i totally get you . it is easier if the character has an affinity for books or has a very wild and overactive imagination , as most ne users tend to , but that is not always the case . catherine morland ... exactly . isn't the whole point of ne that you share ideas , essentially ? i really don't know . everyone seems to type fanny as infp , but wouldn't an infp stand up for herself more ? i guess i understand where they see fi , but everyone seems to describe fanny's ne as how she ... thanks for explaining ! i still struggle to place her in a type now , since nearly every istj i've met has been incredibly strict and rather cold , and usually in fiction istjs are even stricter and ... i'm sorry , i didn't mean to be offensive ! ( i come in peace ) i guess i just don't understand si as well as other functions . however , i still don't really see fi in elsa , could you please explain that ? not always . i know infps who are extremely loud about their emotions , and others who are more reserved about them . fi doesn't mean you never speak about how you feel ! ( hence why i don't think fanny ... i thought she was more ni because she seems to rationalize things a lot - you can't marry a man you just met etc . all ni users i know , including myself , seem to have this trait . analyzing , ... i think they're representations of fe and fi , that's why i think they're enfp ( with heaps and heaps of fi ) and infj / isfj and not esfp / esfj and istj / intj . aria's probably enfj . matched with infp ezra to make them the perfect couple ! i think anna is an enfp . i can't possibly see esfp , much less esfj . she has no fe ; i feel that the contrast between anna and elsa is a clear fi / fe one . look at the give me my glove scene . people ... i think jane bennet is isfp . agree with the lizzy as enfj / enfp typing though it is still conflicting . marianne dashwood has too much fi to be enfp , i highly doubt she's an extrovert ( she doesn't ... no way pudge is an infp . he's too much of a pushover , i doubt an infp guy would be without strong morals , especially considering that he's like , 16 . he's a very very vulnerable isfj ; si as he ... the fault in our stars hazel - isfp or infp augustus - enfj ( very fe , his pretentiousness comes from his fe - he wants to be accepted and loved ) isaac - enfp ? looking for alaska ( god , most ... infps aren't very passive . that's just a stereotype - i know fjs who are a hundred times more passive than some infps i know . if they find a cause they feel strongly about , they will defend it just ... enfp , most likely ! check her wikipedia page . she gives the apperance of an xstp but she seems to be overflown with fi . i say isfp . she also says she can go for weeks without speaking to anyone - an estp , or even an ... yeah , i agree , anna is very enfp . only an enfp could've figured out how to get bates out of prison ( it takes some serious extroverted intuition to do what she did in series three , and fi can be shown ... ned is such an isfj it hurts ! very typically isfj . but i disagree about chuck : she's full of fi , trying to bring out something new in everyone's live , very curious , adventurous , very different ... i think the only s in the group is lily , who i see as esfj . esfjs can be creative , emotional , quirky , etc . and i think her artistic flair comes from using her si + ne . fe because of the way she deals ... amelie is totally infj guys ! she's so organized and well-groomed , i can't imagine an infp being like this . plus , fi users who want to help others usually do it without thinking about it so much ( if ... anna seems more n to me because everything about her seems to be about concepts . the concept of falling in love , the concept of getting closer with her sister , the concept of saving her sister , etc ... okay , i'm gonna stop you right there . wanting action and adventure do not , in any way , make anybody an extrovert . i'm an introvert and i love action . my istp boyfriend loves fast cars . my enfp ... i can see where you're coming from . i'll talk about why i think tiana is istj with developed introverted feeling so you can see my point . her hard work , her refusal to do anything else , her following ... why not infp though ? being enthusiastic doesn't mean extroverted ! ted seems much more introverted than the rest of the gang . i always saw him as infj ... and marshall seems more enfj to me ? lily is ... sighcantthinkofaname , what about tiana ? she seems istj to me ! why would you argue her being an f ? i actually agree with you . i might've seemed a bit biased in my typing of elsa , but really , i feel she has heaps of ni . she sees the long term function a marriage between anna and hans will have ... i think her rationality in terms of you can't marry a man you just met etc . is due to ni . ni usually makes infjs and intjs see the function people and ideas will have , instead of those ideas ... hey guys ! what do you think of the mother ? she screams nf to me , and she feels very compatible with ted . her devotion to max seems kind of fi to me , as well as her old-fashioned belief in love and ... because she isn't an introvert , end of story , only you think she is one , everyone else types her exfp . if you're choosing to be defensive and snobbish , fine . we're here to discuss our opinions ... okay , here we go . fe - jasmine does seem to care about other people , but i don't see her as making all her decisions based on how others might feel and i don't feel she cares much for society . i ... esfj = the typical perfect citizen stereotype . your kindly neighbour , the overly caring mother ( most fictional mothers are esfj as well ) , the stepford smiler . they can be old-fashioned , as well ... snow white - yes , stereotypical esfj cinderella - infj , too much of a dreamer , plus , i find it hard to believe that an isfj would run off from home to a party like she does aurora - perhaps , ... anna - am i the only one who thinks anna may be an i ? she gives me sociable introvert vibes rather than socially awkward extrovert . she's been living inside a castle alone with only her parents ' ... what do you guys think of carrie hope fletcher ? xxfx is all i have of her so far ! i love this thread as well ! ! it's amazing ! :) some characters are such stereotypes of their types - cora , for instance , is the typical perfect hostess , kind and loving mother esfj . rose is the party-goer / rebel who loves fashion and trends ... i absolutely agree with elsa being infj . however , i have to disagree about anna . why the heck do you guys see se in her ? she is adventurous and gregarious , sure , but she doesn't seem at all sensor-y ... i agree , peter pan seems like an entp . what do you guys think about ariel ? she seems pretty enfp to me , but i may be wrong ... i think the mother is xnfp so far , what about you guys ? maria from the sound of music is an obvious enfp , just like the actress who played her in the film , julie andrews . i think bella's some sort of an ixfx but she keeps switching between the types due ... i don't think belle's dominant function is ne . she has a lot of ne , but it's mostly in correlation with her fi ! that's very obvious , isn't it ? i think she's an infp . mary as infp ? what ? ? ? i do think that mary has fi , but it's certainly not dominant , and she's certainly not a feeler . also , infps are much closer to characters like lady sybil or gwen ... '