' ah , ya know , i think they are different , now that i re-read through some things lol . my definition is a little looser . for me , a mindmate is someone who has extremely similar interests to mine and ... that's a pretty interesting question , flocc . mindmates have been pretty few and far between for me , and a couple of them were guys , so i definitely know what it's like to have that without sexual ... you're probably a lot like me , mantis . i just got done replying to your post in my thread , but basically i've found that when it comes to close relationships i behave more like an infp than intp . ... well i guess the danger is in letting your type define you instead of remembering that you define your type . i was curious about my f tendencies because it seemed out of the ordinary for people to ... i'm afraid that's probably true , bee . it's not easy for us guys either though . most girls are used to the esfs , and that's what they're looking for . of course , i'm not interested in someone who's ... ic . well thanks for your opinions , guys . i guess i'm on the right track , but i need to just have some more patience . i've gotta say , it's nice to have a place where you can talk to people you know ... ya our time is almost always 1 on 1 . she knows very few people in this city , and most of them are her sister's friends . i've tried the opening up thing , and it worked to some degree , but i'd really ... so , i'll keep this relatively short , but basically i was wondering what gets you people to open up to somebody . i have an infp friend who's friendship i enjoy very much , but i feel sometimes like ... count it ! :) lol i really need to hang around more intps . do you think an infp might respond to that ? i've got one in mind , but if i can't feel free to talk about crazy theories , i'm outa here lol ... ugh , i can't stand them . usually . once in a blue moon when it's overcast and witches are about ... then maybe i'll enjoy some mindless pop . i usually go for things that haven't been synthesized or ... i'm gonna try it next time i decide to leave my social shell . hey , so uh ... have you heard of david bohm and the holographic universe theory ? ya , we might not actually exist ... so , wanna grab a ... um ... hi . non-drinker here . i've never talked to a therapist , or taken a sip of alcohol . i get over my problems through my strength of will and if that doesn't work , i pray about it . you strike ... well i'm hardly old enough to be in your dad's position ( 19 ) , but i think he just wants the same thing you want : to stay close . i know for me it's really tough to be away from the few people i feel ... well i just read through the behaviors and i guess i'm a weirdo lol . i definitely identify with ti and ne , but in the instances i mentioned in the op , fi describes me very well . i'm going to look ... ah thank you , guys . especially psilo . now i have something to learn tonight lol well first off i'm a dude , so my answer may or may not be as relevant as a girl's , but i've found the only time i get the butterflies feeling is when i find a girl who uses her brain . i don't care ... so , i'm wondering if it's possible to switch between personality types depending on the circumstances . i've been finding lately that when it comes to deep personal relationships ( i . e . dating or ... ditto ! sometimes i wonder if i'm an intp with people i don't care about and then once i find a girl i'm interested i turn into an isf or something nutty and irrational like that . it's quite ... the nice thing about stupid people is that it's not hard to make them look stupid :) . lemme splain . i took a basic american politics course last semester in which there were 3 team debates on ... you find him annoying , but you don't want to lose him as a friend ? i don't think anyone would appreciate that line of thinking lol . personally , i can talk about nearly anything as long as i'm using my mind . i like what some of the previous posters said about trying to stick to generalities , and theories . i often find myself ... ya , i'd just find out what it is he's most interested in , educate yourself so that you can have an intelligent conversation about it ( if you can't already ) , and talk to him about it . he should have ... hahahaha ya i'm always warning people that i can't smile on command . funny you should mention that my biggest problem is not having friends or a significant other to have stimulating conversation with . i have some friends at home who are fun to debate with , but college ( surprisingly ) has only ... i found one once ! she spent all her time teaching krav maga lol ... so look in martial arts schools ? no , she was probably different that way ... but i thought i'd throw my 2 cents in . she's the only ... what i think pisses people off about us is that we're not afraid to say something doesn't make sense . i used to get yelled at in school all the time for arguing with the teacher about whether or not ... ya i've been called insensitive , harsh ... ya know . all that lol . thing is i'm actually pretty chill , i just have a very sarcastic sense of humor , and i think when ppl don't get the joke , they think ... haha i hate socialism ... i'd prefer to work more and make less and maintain my freedom :) . but this isn't a political discussion so i'll leave it at that lol . but ya i'm thinking about working for ... my plan is to find a job i enjoy and do it long enough to get retirement , then use that as my supplemental income as i explore other jobs . government jobs are nice for that because of the early-ish ... wow ... i gotta say ... the similarities are kinda creepy . where are you guys from ? not if you go in a straight line ... unless our imaginary world is only wide enough to walk single-file lol k thanks a lot haha rofl ya let's have it . ' tis only fair :p i can't begin to tell you how lucky i feel haha . i had to look on the other side of the fricken country to find her though ... that part i don't like so much ... but you can't have everything . i ... dude i'm like in a weird long distance relationship thing with the intj girl i mentioned in my first post ... and the kicker with her was that she makes me feel inferior in some ways ... which is sexy ... hahaha this is really weird - _ - ... i feel like we should have a club or something > . > my dreams are where my fixes to reality are realized . if i could , i'd live i my dreams haha ya you certainly did make the point . i think i understand too , though . i got to the point a couple months ago where i was too depressed to eat . not as bad as suicide , i know , but i lost 20 pounds ... i'm depressed just from reading that http://photos-g.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-snc1/hs145.snc1/5380_103222709688057_10009840343_85686_191872_n.jpg well there ya go . that's my ugly mug haha . i hope someone else sees the ... ok is this normal for an intp or do i have some other personality type that only comes out for certain things ? i've been having trouble lately dealing with a good friend who is also an int * ( she ... dude this is weird haha . your post reminds me a lot of myself , and we even look alike . i'll post a picture sometime if you want proof . i had the same trouble with girls for most of my life , and ... my name's jake and i'm an intp . i have a problem - _ - ... lol well ... some people think i do anyway . i was really exceted when i started looking at meyers-briggs personality typing , because i always ... being an n , for me anyway , means that when my friends are debating who will win the superbowl , i'm wondering why we put so much emphasis on something that makes little to no real contribution to ... i agree with that all the way . my would-be girlfriend ( long-distance relationships suck ) gets annoyed sometimes because i'm too idealistic . frankly , i think that since intp's have such a hard time ... '