' yeah , derosa , but you mainline them . : laughing : i guess there's nothing * wrong * with injecting flintstone vitamins crushed up in saline into your temporal vein with an insulin syringe . to each ... i've read before that the entp type was most likely a candidate for having adhd-like issues . it might have been keirsey's work , i have to verify that ... nicely stated . we're frantic ... how many estps do you know ? are you sure they are estps ? have you tested them ? just curious . we are the rarest of the sensors , you know , there can't be that many of us in one place . regarding ... actually it is etch-n-sketchy . http://xorsyst.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/05/etch-a-sketch-gta4.jpg huzzah ! : crazy : i guess #13 is a long winded way of saying that i walk fast , talk ... i'm a manequin ! i'm a manequin ! : crazy : jesus has been touted to be perfectly balanced on all four cognitive functions ... of course ! so , his type would be xxx ? kind of funny ! one's birthday suit is indeed the perfect attire . well stated . ;) way to move forward on developing this thread , nj ! yes , this is accurate from what we've all posted . my dad is estj , and i have the same eyes / nose as him . maybe traits common to estx ? ok , let me restate my closing remark for you then . do you care to make any other ignorant remarks ? you made a remark stating that estps cannot be trusted , in your opinion . opinions are ... well that's really funny because there are alot of credible sources out there that indicate that estps and entjs are often confused for one and other . so maybe , on our most fucked up and ... i lived in d . c . for many , many years . my best friend is a dj there and books his own gigs . if you like i can tap into his inside track super-voodoo knowledge of all things cool to see for an ... i got ambushed with the camera while chilling at my friend's place this weekend : http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v358/AlexHall74/20080801_PugWedding/20100801104.jpg ok , no more smiling , this is ... a rave ! what could more estp than that ? ! : crazy : nice one ! : wink : the entj would have to come to grips that the estp would indeed get the plan executed , but maybe not in the way the entj envisioned . the deal would be sealed , handshakes occur around the table , ... + 1 ! mega congrats to you , bro ! you are the lion king ! the similarities between estp men and women are at times staggering , as you will see in my parenting responses as compared to ... if i had $ 185,000 to blow on a car ... i'd buy the 2010 mercedes sls amg gullwing : http://www.motorward.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/03/sls-rendering-5jpg.jpg ... what's wrong with both ? if you're single and available , then by all means , go for it , find that special someone however needed . why let pomp and circumstance get in the way of romance ? i'm all about both options . cooking : as a bodybuilder , i eat lots of food . i keep nutritional content hig hand calories low , as at age 36 , it's too easy for me to put on unwanted fat if i don ; ' t ... pricelss contributions ! rock on , entj brother ! :D hilarious ! that's the backyard of my mansion ! the top three winners get to ride on my big ass yacht ! : laughing : nice addition to this thread , you are awarded honoroary estp status for the entire ... the right combination of inner beauty , outer beauty , intellect , class , humor , wit , libido , and spontaneity that only a perfect girl can have . anything less than a perfect girl is a waste of time ... are you claiming to know the mbti type of every person you meet ? or are you claiming to be able to identify estps instantaneously in real life , with 100 % accuracy ? you're full of shit either way if ... dude ! gtfo ! that's me ! : laughing : thank you kindly , brother derosa ! i guarantee you estps have the coolest stuff of any mbti type . : wink : wow ! what a ride ! nothing like ... welcome whitneypj ! ! ! your intro is fantastic , wow ! it seems to me like you have lived a very full and balanced life in a shot amount of time . you are also very self aware , which is ... brilliant ! lol ! : laughing : ok guys , i think it's time we post what kind of stuff is estp stuff . for instance , cars , bots , planes , shoes , sunglasses , houses , whatever , anything , what kind of stuff do you think screams ... this is very estp ! if you know hundreds of people , then it is impossible to know them all by name . i can recall conversations with people to the word , even if they occurred a long time ago . i know ... ohhh if you're anything like me i'm pretty sure you are overwhelming to lots of normal folk out there . : laughing : i have pondered on this for years here and there , and come to the following ... wow , this is tough . wrath and the estp , here is my take on it , it hardly ever happens , but when it does , we are nuclear warheads waiting to detonate . i am so laid back it is not even funny , ... youngest child ... well ... sort of . : wink : my brother is ten years older than me , so there was zero sibling effect , basically two only children . my dad = estj my mom = ? ? ? ( won't take a mbti ... this happened with my infj , we definitley had big-time j / p conflicts . the n / s ones weren't exactly easy to navigate through either , but we did it , and now that we understand each other's madness ... what a charmer ! lol ! ! ! : laughing : http://jasonjeffrey.files.wordpress.com/2010/01/george-bush-monkey-1.jpg i'm with you on this one . awesome example ! i have noticed this as well . once my reports realize that my confidence in how things are going is based on knowledge and experience , instead of ego , they commit to trusting ... here's a few different shots of me : setting things on fire on the 4th of july ... http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v358/AlexHall74/20100704b030.jpg pinching my uncle's nipple for a family ... we are also lucky because we can simply re-arrange our mbti function letters and become a pest . : cool : istps can be pist . entps can be pent up . intps can drink a pint .  ... regardless of any difficulties i've ever had as a result of being emotionally retarded , i maintain it is a gift . we are able to remain objective , calm , and rational when other people are freaking ... hell no ! it's not just you ! lol ! : laughing : i'm a card carrying member of the fashion police . : laughing : i take looking my best very seriously . you only have one chance to make a good first impression . plus , i just have outrageously high ... it's hard to imagine someone whose type is sometimes referred to as masters of reality to be a coward . it just doesn't seem like a good fit , i'm gonna ' say hell no . : laughing : i agree with derosa 90 and njchcik's sentiments . i'm more prone to care by doing but tell my family members i love them regularly . feelings were a major obstacle for me but only a year or so ... you know you are an estp when ... ( 1 ) you are almost always in a good mood ( 2 ) you are the embodiment of grace under pressure , stress slides off you as if you were coated in teflon ( 3 ) you ... i'll take that test in a minute , but before i do i must state that subconsciously , before i knew anything about mbti , i have always been attracted to infj and enfj women . my high school sweetheart of ... guilty , but well intended . : laughing : dude ! nice to bump into you here . how's seattle ? i'm watching tv , have the radio on on another room , baking , and surfing the web . call me , i'm bored ! : laughing : as you know , the most frustrating thing in the world to an estp is when they truly do not understand what the hell is going on during a spousal communication issue , aka argument . it is so hard for ... hey there ! no need for apologies , friend . i got taken by surprise when life smacked me in a manner that forced me to admit reconcile with my less developed functions . it had to happen someday , right ? ... ape , what about dating ? what about finding someone to have a nice relationship with ? surely you have considered that much of the needless frivolty / treachery we all experience from the masses in the ... interesting ! so there is a similar issue for esfps with regard to having issues in making decisions that are mostly thinking ( objective , cold , analytical , whatever ) in nature ? wowzers ! ! ! ... you'll love it , i swear ! : laughing : actually 3 . that was about 12 years ago . :-) i'm very sorry he died young ; he sounds like a hell of a person . his life is testimony to his kind . awesome ! ! ! both of you fit the mold . muhahaa ! :D thanks for your contribution . '