' this is a really old thread , but thought i'd update . back in may , i reached out to the older of the two friends and we started talking again . i went to visit her in september , and this whole episode ... i had a friend of about 30 years and i had a falling out but i made the initial reconnection so we were friends again . later , when discussing the falling out , she told me that she wouldn't have ever ... i have similar but it's about me riding my bike . i did it in college and i still have people commenting on me riding my bike to class . and , in college i don't think it was that unusual . although lots ... no , didn't really become a doctor to help people specifically because i think there are lots of ways to help people and if that's all i wanted i would have taken a much shorter and cheaper route ... i know exactly what you're talking about . what i think i'm going to do is find a good linearly thinking friend and get them to help me organize my thoughts and options . as an infp , i know i often completely miss that someone likes me . it just goes over my head . to everyone else it's obvious but i guess my heads to far in the clouds to notice . so , i agree with ... one of my problems seems to be that once i master something , then i'm bored . as long as it's a challenge then i'm fine . and , anything i've done 1000s of times i have probably mastered a long time ... yes , i mean methodically , step-by-step , by the book . and , what you describe is exactly what i think my mind wants to do . it's trying to see the thing as a whole , which works a lot of the time and ... each patient is see has a different problem ( usually ) from the one before , but in general the problems still fall into about 8-10 categories . many people think that doctors are sitting there all day ... i'm a gynecologist and i haven't really liked it in general although i've managed to adapt it so it isn't too bad . i stopped delivering babies 7 years ago , something i hated ! and , i've even stopped ... my brother's gay and i envy his social life . unlike straight people , the community of gay people , at least until recently when some states allow gay marriage , don't become permanently ( supposedly ) ... i understand this completely . being a doctor was never my big dream but i did decide to do it and it was a massive undertaking requiring a lot of my energy and attention . once i was done with all ... do any of you have a problem with linear thinking ? background - i'm having numerous issues in numerous areas of my life right now : financial , social , locational , etc . i'm very overwhelmed by it . i ... oh , the houses would be all over the world in really cool places . designing eco-friendly houses for people that were perfect for them and encouraged healthy , balanced living . exactly what damage does weed do to your brain ? stupid and retarded , but only by people in residency . was really upsetting when you're trying to function on no sleep for 36 hours . and , they said these things because i came from a med school where ... i was abused as a kid , but i think it's very dangerous to imply that the victim is a victim somehow because of their personality . i think that like others have said , it's because we nfs tend to feel ... the thing is that as an intuitive , you would make those observations ( and probably many more ) and come to conclusions about the situation in probably about 1/20 of a second . and , intuition is often ... i love seeing this . i've never been to seattle except on a brief layover where i never left the airport , but i even loved the airport with its meditation rooms . but , i'm being called there . i mean ... i read a book once ( can't remember the title ) that recommended coming up with your one or two defining principles . the things are are absolutely necessary for you in your life . i came up with ... night owl . i really wake up around 5 p . m . i chuckled when i read your post because , except for the age , i could have written it . i'm about a decade older than you and am a physician ( gynecologist ) . i've hated every second of it but have ... i'm a gynecologist now and would definitely not advise this career ( or really anything in medicine except maybe pathology ) for infps . i'm in school to get a masters in interior design and so far i ... what exactly should you have done a long time ago ? domestic cats and butterflies , although the butterfly thing is sort of cliche i've been going through a real transformation and feel like i'm finally coming into my own and able to fly after being ... you're welcome . once you set up a gmail e-mail account you can go to calendar and enter whatever . click on enter event details and at the bottom you can tell it to e-mail whatever number of ... gmail i use the gmail calendar and enter the bill on its due date and then have the calender e-mail me 5 days in advance that the bill is due . has made a world of difference . i'm like orangeappled in that it's not like me to have a list , i really like to just go with the flow and follow what seems interesting . unfortunately , i caved to my family's expectations in my 20s ... i was going to go look for a pic of my dream house after i looked through the posts , but this is it ( or something like it ) in the woods on a lake . i'm currently designing a similar house in my ... i'm pretty empathetic to the underdog . i'm against the death penalty not only because the legal system doesn't always get it right , but because i can imagine what kinds of awful things happened to ... nope . i think i was too mean to be tormented . i love color . my bedroom has aqua blue walls with a blue / orange / green / white / purple modern floral duvet cover , sunshine yellow chair , a white flower mirror and two 6 ' round white shag rugs . other ... i think i understand what you mean about the boredom . i live alone and people always ask me if i get bored , and i become a bit puzzled because i'm thinking why would i ? but that's because when i'm ... i love being infp . i feel like i see behind what's really there and i love that . i do like rules , but i like god's / the universe's rules , not the rules of men . i look into the eyes of animals and see ... i'm with ya . i initially practiced ob and gyn which was unsustainable . i honestly think god must have realized i wasn't gonna make it because an unusual combination of events occurred that got me out ... thanks . i just wonder who you envy when you went the secure route but it turns out not to be so secure and you're not doing well financially or career-wise ? i guess then you envy those that just ... i agree wholeheartedly ! here's the link for the career reinvention person i'm talking about : the reinvention institute she went from working on wall street , to the entertainment industry to ... i don't seem to have this hatred of conflict issue . don't get me wrong , if i have my way i'd rather not have conflict , rarely initiate it and much prefer a harmonious environment , but when it arises , ... oh , and i'm not sure i really have stood it . the result has been depression / anxiety / nervous breakdown . see , this is my point . you guys get it . some other types ( maybe except enfps ) just don't and they can be very judgmental about it to the point where i just don't say anything until i know how a ... i disagree with some of the posters who seem to be saying that work is going to suck so you just have to find satisfaction in the other parts of your life . i think infps are uniquely positioned to ... i agree . i'm not married perhaps for lots of reasons , but i think on big one is commitment phobia about getting stuck and getting bored . i don't think it's impossible , i just think it'll take a ... just wanted to express my gratitude for this forum . i'm a doctor planning an exit from the profession and just started a masters in interior design . coming to this forum is one of the few places ... i'm very chatty , gregarious and always have a personal story about things and i'm definitely an infp . i don't think infps have to always be these quiet people . i'm not boisterous , but when in ... end of discussion ? how very j of you . :-) john lennon doesn't seem e to me , more i although not as i and george harrison . but , definitely xnfp . i don't think a j would be looking at the possibility of how things could be as much as he ... that losing interest thing sure can be a challenge , can't it ? there's just so much of interest out in the world to have to focus on the same thing all the time forever ! now , i'm not that much older ( 44 ) ! lol ! i'm dealing with my boredom with work by planning and working towards my escape . i just started a masters in interior design . while i think anything can ... one the verge of ending a looonnnggg friendship with an estj . i'm an infp and , yes , feelings are much more important to me than to her . but , i've been going through a long period of self-awareness ... '