' haha ! that must have been it ... i need to come back and chat sometime :) i want to discuss type stuuuff holy balls i miss you guys . * single shining tear * oh god you guys i'm having a crisis what if i'm an isfp i'm scared and confused and alone :( ( ( depends on who you ask , heh heh http://i.imgur.com/C2Ifv7o.gif mostly ! howdy there duders , how's it hanging ? i feel like there are only about three or four of us seem to remember that this is still a thing , so here's your reminder ! i'm interested to see if anyone has any speculation regarding my enneagram type . ~ witch hunt ~ away ! hey hey hey ~ ~ ~ not me . good lord , humans are scumbags . ugh , this is awful . thank you everyone :) thanks :) i will look that show up . thank you . although listening and accent practice is important to me , reading would be great too ! i like mystery and thriller stories usually , but i am open ... skyfall . i really liked it ! beautiful cinematography . hi all . since perc is such a culturally and geographically diverse place , i figure that it's the perfect place to ask a question like this ! i'm looking to brush up on my german skills , and am ... agreed . i am speechless . since i'm currently pretty young , this might be useless information , but . when i was younger , people would always assume i was older . now people guess around my actual age , or slightly younger ... i do share a more profound bond with wisterias ... i wasn't gonna mention it ... i couldn't be more glad to have met you , and i mean that with 100 % sincerity . you are an amazing person inside ... so this morning i woke up with an awful case of the hiccups , the first i've had in years . thus , i decided to do what any sane person would do and harken back to the advice of the denizens of tiny ... http://i.imgur.com/Of7bq.jpg ... uh , what ? : | ellis bell : intp , maybe . just wondering ;) was it your dignity jw my friends my friends are so beautiful in their way the hairs on their head s like fiberoptic wires transmitting love intp . mmhmmm ! http://i.imgur.com/x6WdF.gif infp : wink : qt pie http://i.imgur.com/m8VsN.gif given that i am cursed with eternal boredom and am constantly seeking stimulation , i will be around to chat . is anyone going to be around for chatting tonight ? i know i will be ... http://i.imgur.com/DvOsQ.gif i get a special shout-out ? ! hahaha , this is cracking me up for some reason ... : ) avoiding my responsibilities ... : / dayum ! that is really beautiful in a morbid sort of way ... you're right , it's perfect for you : wink : amazing artwork , caaat :) <3 staring at your beautiful toothpaste username has made me feel minty-fresh again , so ... oh my god , is that really where that phrase comes from ? ... i feel dirty suddenly : sad : hahaha , oh my god . shine on , you crazy diamonds ~ * ~ http://i.imgur.com/jCneW.gif oh , i see ! ! no hostility intended towards you - just mocking all of the other ask me anything threads cropping up lately : tongue : dear gammagon , how do you feel about all the other ask me anything threads on perc when you are clearly the one true expert and all those other thread starters are just deluded ? - - a ... thanks for the link ! ! ! wow ! ! ! amazing ... thanks for sharing . you are such a sweet heart cue :) <3 guess where i'll be when it comes time to ring in the new year ? ...  ...  ... if you guessed perc tinychat , you guessed right ! ! ! ... my life is ruined because i missed that , omg : crying :: sad :: crying : possibriii we miss you too cue 5c http://i.imgur.com/okkEf.jpg http://i.imgur.com/KXAy5.jpg how do you feel about people who are outgoing and act fairly goofy ? do you automatically think they are stupid ( or something similar ) or do you feel another way ? ( i have an intj friend and i've ... ehhh , did is so rare ( and its status as a true mental disorder is contested by some ) that i doubt any studies have been done on the subject . i suppose if you are in the did is real , not a conscious ... replying to op : when people first learn about mbti , they often come across some article , webpage , book , whatever that lists out the estimated percentages of each type . seeing that sensors , ... '