' more i see the repeated words , more i see the grabbing words , more i see the way of the world , why what is chosen , advertisement . technology , pulling in , bringing more choices , for the ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=upv6_4WT6hY so take a moment to look at me , as if i were out to get you . take a moment to believe , i play a self righteous role . take a moment to see , what you fear to receive , into your own mind . just curious but ... nobody brought up a lover being of help . everyone seems to be using the term friend . hopefully there is deep love to be had that is a cause of gaining energy or recovery ! so i feel so much inside , while i also feel like something has died , maybe i'm just hyper-aware , of what the world contains . awareness is not just knowing , awareness can just be the ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6slBCR_bBdM https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8rHrbKlp224 in any theory , in the end the fact stays the same . we are a part of the universe , we think and we feel . we exist as universal beings with potential to do more with this existence each day . so ... https://soundcloud.com/widekrecords/above-the-sky https://soundcloud.com/widekrecords/above-the-sky in my sadness , i protect myself , in my cold surface , my warmth hidden , once i am safe , this must be shown to me . in a yearning loss , or feeling lost , to come back up , the beginning of the end , of something not so obvious . a break of the heart , a restoring start , a healing art . the stress , just not at our best , gateway to more pain , in repetition , can change into , consciousness , progressing love . self love - to turn what you hate , about yourself , into what you accept , or , so my stories may not move you , though i know there are some people that these stories affect positively , and that is enough for me . so you think i'm full of lies , well , it's not about who can ... when you spend your whole life wondering , only to find answers that fit the puzzle , and you are still you no matter what you do , because there's only so much you can embrace and change . i ... look into the darkness , of others , then see all of the wrong things , that are taught , through certain peoples darkness , their realities , that they so strongly believe in . who is the light , ... inspired by aspirations , aspiring to inspirations , the cycle through durations , wishing for entitlement , to freedom in nations , with systems of stabilization . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UFr9StkVwTk i learn from seeing the evil in you , when i say you , i don't just mean you alone , as you will not know , who i am speaking to , only the closest of people , to me , can know . while if those who ... klaro 26 in the enneagram descriptions , you can scroll down and look at the 1-3 healthy levels , 4-6 average levels , 7-9 unhealthy levels . in type 2 , type 5 , and type 1 , i was wondering how people ... klaro 26 where do you think i am in the levels of healthiness for type 2w1 , 5w4 , 1w9 ? i'm hoping 1-3 throughout . deep down inside , there is always something , you are not seeing , not yet . let it flow , welcome what is meant to be , the pain will set you free . for what hurts , you take your mind , to another place , this world of feeling . constant , deep , right in the mind , the neurons , where you either , find the truth , i just had a dream which involved something that pressured my anxiety . this involved jim carrey telling me that the only place we reach is the ones we believe we can , and it made me think about the ... you can look at me , like a quiet dramatic , but i feel my own , quiet force . you can tell me , i'm stuck in my ways , and i'll just tell you , that you're right , because it's in me , i wasnx 92t crossing our boundaries , itx 92s just that you hate me sometimes , and you donx 92t love me at all times , though it may be your insecurities , and you do in fact love me , but not yourself , at ... the stars you will reach , are those you desire the most , where you balance , with what is positive , and negative , to you . the existence of all things , are spread across this world , this ... if people enjoy what i write , but then turn around and ignore my intensity , or stress and rather not know who i am .. then they are only there for what was created and not how it was created , or ... i just had an idea , and would like to see if it works out . i thought this would be an effective way for people to learn including myself . can everyone find a positive and negative to something , ... i just had an idea , and would like to see if it works out . i thought this would be an effective way for people to learn including myself . can everyone find a positive and negative to something , ... articulate your potential with resolve of your darkness . inspired by the band v : 28 , its album violution ( violent solution ) . inspired by carl jung . inspired by life itself .. this album can teach you a lot . as it can show you solutions without ... when someone misunderstands something or someone , or themselves , they confuse others who don't understand this something , someone , or themselves . and by trying to make sense of it being right or ... there is no light in forcing revelations on people . they will learn on their own . so insults , anger , pushing these things in the presence of someone you are to love , only hurts them . are ... i am attracted to sadness , sorrow . i am one for sorrow . love me for it , or fuckin ' hate me for it . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SZMWKCgvaDY ( i know this is poetry , but this is where i vented today ) . the rage , the anxiety filled , shameful sides of me , all in one place , that i won't allow to consume me . you all are fucking ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D2PmJLtZXW8 the rage , the anxiety filled , shameful sides of me , all in one place , that i won't allow to consume me . you all are fucking idiots , you just continue on like life is just a game , it's only ... so what is this strength inside of you ? where does it take you , when there's stress astounding you ? when you are still standing , within the balance . why are you able to withstand this ? where ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fk1Q9y6VVy0 as you see this human , it's common that most see them , for what's on the surface , so please look internally . as you see this family member , it's common that most see them , for what's on the ... fromtheworldup i'm interested to see that there are a lot of infjs who dedicated themselves on and off to rs . there must be something about the atmosphere , music , quests , working together in a decent ... joshy great song . great artistic music video , growl and melodic vocals . i enjoy the meaning and purpose of the song . if you believe you stand alone in your story as a writer , you probably do . but not as much as you think you do . there are others who grow in similar situations as you . and you never know if you ... borrowed lunacy nice , i never dedicated myself to combat for some reason , but it's nice to be up there . i spent more time helping other people than leveling myself . i spent a lot of time woodcutting ... aenye i see your preference , though as you said some may say picky . i guess we feel differently from the songs , because it brings up my energy in a certain way , rather not pain . but maybe because ... klaro 26 ah yes , this is true .. this compassion can be a huge part of it . i am glad you picked up on this . i was not sure if i would sound egotistical or like i was better . but it seems true , type 2 ... pure of heart , wretched & falling apart , i feel time , and time just goes on , as i contemplate solutions . the motions of your eyes , they pass , and feelings arise , they move on to the next ... learn to not be afraid of who you are . seek inside of yourself for balance . if you find yourself desiring power , deny it . make selfless sacrifices for others and not just for your own ... let it go , it is not a sin to fight for the right cause . there are those who words alone will not reach . you are gentle , you do not like to hurt , i know because i , too , have learned these ... '