' hello cool person thx oh believe me i do as well , we connect really well in all the ways that you can connect hehe ^ yeah this um i dont think infps are the ones an estp should just try and simply get some from . i mean generally speaking . i have an infp girl friend who is extremely kind and sensitive probably ... that's exactly what my friend said . he said you give off this player vibe and she was turned off by that . i tend to make it clear as well when i wanna bang , but i'll go all sensitive and stuff ... i don't wanna be friends i was actually trying to get some but yeah i think she's not the type of girl for that xd sure you could say that , but don't be surprised if they slap you across the face . [ / quote ] lol so how should i do it ? so then i should go like i'm sorry for being an obnoxious cunt and i'd like to talk to you further without being obnoxious to you i like discovering a new language and a new culture and seeing how things work in different places and going in nature and observing the world , and just trying out new stuff so there's this infp girl i like and i was flirting with her but from her body language she seemed kinda awkward after a while like it was going good but as time went on she was less receptive i ... boomboom happy to close the thread if that's what you want . [ / quote ] do it intp you got me right though estp 1 . he's not my friend 2 . drop the passive aggressive bullshit dude whatever drop it istp https://youtu.be/uYVZPse8EVU so this thread is about ... ? unnecessary drama ? [ / quote ] well this was a one day occurrence i posted here because in the moment i was pissed and i would've forgotten the next day but this thread ... well you know i do the same nerdy things as him , the difference is he gets obsessed with this or that show or game and that's what i don't like , he thinks he's superior cause he knows this or that ... so you beat him up already ? [ / quote ] nah i just ignore him havent seen him in days anyway , he hardly comes to class he's out of my life already anyway i think ive knowingly done this by saying vague things knowing full well people will get offended / take it the wrong way / assume the worst / fill in the vague with what they think im saying and then ... it sounds like he might be an extrovert with all that you have mentioned . it almost seems like he wants to be your ' frenemy ' . you should probably block him from your facebook . and the best thing to ... i cut him out repeatedly he just comes and buzzes around like a mosquito oh believe me i have told him many worse things than that , and i know it affects him cause i can read his facial and body language but for example i avoided him for months but now he came back again , ... i appreciate the faith in me that i might know that but i think you'd be better off asking someone who identifies as estp 8w7 . they're the one who's actually living the experience and could hopefully ... and infj girls get all flustered when i flirt with them and i don't know why they should know i'm joking ? ? ? [ / quote ] yeah like what it means and stuff cause it's very convoluted in the website i'm not saying that . i'm just saying there's something in the way and i don't know what it is . one guess i have is that it has to do with your dominant enneagram type . but , since you're not working ... belgium this reminds me of my friend that was so bad at football ( european ) that he was always the goalkeeper and then he would say that he hated sports lol i wouldn't know ( re : if anyone is intimidated by me ) - they are usually too intimidated to tell me ... http://personalitycafe.com/images/smilies/wink.gif wouldn't you say .. ( ? ) ( assuming ' all ' ... yes please don't wow . that is deep . i want to write my own . my broken heart is a wreck in the gutter soul tears creep back from the edge from where you left me in sweet misery in denial , you gave me ... yes , i think he might actually be an istj . and yeah , it's not hard to stay away from him , the problem is that he comes to me . like i will be leaving class and talking to someone and he'll drop a ... http://i1065.photobucket.com/albums/u387/charkinzie/gifs/wow.gif [ / quote ] the truth must be told lol you sound like you're straight out of a movie . have fun . [ / quote ] now i'm intrigued i am not an intj but ive done this i hardly ever hang out with them these days , the kind of things i like to do when i go out don't really fit with what they like , but i refuse to accept some pathetic insecure motherfucker has any ... but who else will write all the really cool emo songs in the world ? [ / quote ] well i can write an emo song as well and i'm an estp look my eyes are filled with tears of blood my heart is black i ... guy seems like an asshole . someone like this will persist in their idiocy until you beat them at their own game and show them how stupid they're being . show him how he is the one being an ... they're crybabies that can't take a joke and they're always trying to fix all the wrong in the world and then they complain to you about it , if it doesn't affect you and you don't take action to fix ... i am estp and people always are like yeah nope when i tell them to just do what they're conflicted about doing or when i tell them to do as i want them to do or i tell them to just start and see ... well to be honest it's not so much intimidating as mysterious cause i always wonder why you always sit there in silence when there's so much to talk about and discover and live so i know this guy and we used to get along well but then he started bashing on me and using stuff that i told him in private to shame me publicly ( i don't give a fuck it's pathetic that he does ... it got fucked up i'm lazy to write again never mind yeah the other day i went to the bar in college and i was with my friend from that group and we ordered and the bartender was like with my friend for you and then he turned to me and said for you ... i was going to do this but it's true that i have gone partying a lot without inviting them ( mostly before they said no 5-6 times so why bother right ) so they could be like well you do the same and ... i would either be direct with you friends and just say your wondering why they opt out of your invites and are excluding you . only you can correct the pick up artist name you have gotten for ... so how are y'all doing i didn't tell her because yeagmh i know that stuff but still nothing is worth being so sad about you gotta live life well i came to college with some nerdy high school friends and everything was good at the start but then i started becoming popular and meeting new people so i started going out with those but i ... '