' i am an infp and that sounds way too stereotypical . and you can become who you want to be without the need to change your type . but you sound a lot like me when i was younger . i am a social ... i've always struggled with that . i have hormonal problems and before resolving them ( my mom stressed me out so much taking me to doctors who didn't do anything about it , just made it worse ! ) , i had ... thanks a lot , everyone . i started drinking a lot more water when i feel like craving sweet things , and i feel like it diminished a bit that crave . i also try to buy more healthy food , like salads , as ... sun in pisces , moon in gemini , ascendant taurus - pretty much quite a mix . but i am highly emotional and water-y , with almost all my planets being in water signs . i used to read a lot about it , and ... - i need my environment to be harmonic - which means that either you have to let me work alone , or in a very specific team where i click with the people , otherwise i'll burn out and will become ... hey , i am an infp 2w1 too , you sound a lot like me :) i've always been curious what the infp guys are like , as i've always had many male friends , but they were thinkers so i never felt completely ... i would love to have a house , but not for the sake of owning it , but to express myself and my passions via decorating it . i've always spent a lot of time so far to make my environment more personal , ... hi everyone , something really awkward happens to me lately and i was wondering whether someone else has had the same problem and how they dealt with it . i'm feeling generally distressed because of ... i love staying at home , and i've spent a lot into making it warm and welcome too - i'm so into decorating and taking care of plants . i changed my job recently and now i don't have much time to stay ... no , i don't . but i spend a lot of time to understand why i am feeling in some ways sometimes , so i am becoming better at recognizing that . hm , i don't really know any other infp , but i'd say 2 ... you sound so much like me - i am infp-t , iei and 2 enneagram ( although with wing 1 ) . (: are you coming from a social setting where you have to have many friends , or you're living around many ... the only thing i'm really into buying second hand are books . i like going to these charity bookshops as i've found amazing books , even foreign language books for almost free ( that i had no way of ... sorry to hear about your problems ... the first thing for me as an infp though is that i usually prefer picturing the perfect date / time together / etc rather than living it , as i am always afraid i ... from what i've read , i'd say neither intp nor infp . ( from my own observations , i may be wrong ) an intp with either come up with a lot better solution without the need to ask you or explain it to ... oh , family problems ... i grew up in probably the worst infp environment - istj father and an extroverted mother ( i think she is esfp ) , only child . i am actually a lot more organized than most , but ... i am having hard time opening up too ... i have been hurt in the past , so it takes lots of time now to win my trust . i am used to adapt so quickly that people usually see different parts of me in ... i am very sexual , but secretly - only the people close to me know that . i don't show it , although there are always guys who try it on with me . on the scale up to 10 , i'd probably rate myself around ... thanks for sharing that , i feel less alone now , as i thought there was something wrong with me . i have done a few internships while at uni and i still visit my old colleagues up until now , as i loved ... hmm , depends on my mood . i hate going to the same grocery store at the same time every week though . i usually go on sundays , but try to keep myself engaged and go to different shops :D sometimes i ... hi everyone , as infps , what do you think is a good job for an infp ? you know , one which is not only a necessity , but you really enjoy . i'm still at the beginning of my career , with a goal of ... oh , i get your point now ... well , it's really different for everyone , and i don't want or expect you to take my words as an ultimate advice - do whatever feels right to you . if it's not your cup of ... i don't believe in stereotypes ( in general , not only for mbti ) - for example , i'm extremely analytical problem solver ( inductive reasoning tests are my favourites ) , i'm organized , i can't stand chaos ... well , the way you asked the question of the topic implies that you feel insecure about the dating and how to be successful in it , or at least that's the way i understand it , that's why i said it . the ... i'm a girl , but as an infp , the thing i realized about the dating ( except not looking for it obsessively , it gives wrong signals and either attracts people who will use you , or pushes people you like ... i would say the beach as well ... if she likes wine , you can always get a bottle and make a picnic or something similar under the stars , haha . but the idea of being outdoors , just the two of you , ... i don't have many friends , but ... my best friend is an intp , followed by one really good friend of mine that is enfp . my best friend is such a pain sometimes , especially when we're in a ... i'm melancholic too . the sanguine , phlegmatic and choleric follow in this order , but i have strong preference for the melancholic , so i'm not a mix . i work customer service in the hospitality industry at the moment , and i love it ! true , sometimes customers tend to be extremely rude and it happened to make me cry for stupid things ( but most of the ... i do it now and then ... my real name returns other profiles in facebook , some other websites i've never used , and articles about a popular singer that has my name . my nickname here returns only ... i'll try to keep my story as short as possible , but this thing really bothers me and i wonder whether there is a way to get out of the emotional and feeling side for a while , in order to get some ... - reading - dancing - writing - photography - psychology - listening to music / exploring new music - creating something - embroidery , decorating , building lego blocks and all stuff like that - ... i prefer to know what's expected from me , plus all the details about deadlines , job nature etc . after that you'd better leave me alone to do it in my own pace and in my own more efficient way . ... as most if you , i too get too involved and hurt at the end , so i started choosing carefully . i was thinking that nobody will ever want me when i was younger , so i viewed the things in a completely ... i love writing ! i used to write a lot in the past , but the thing is that only really strong emotions motivate me , and i tend to search for better ways to deal with them recently . i used to write ... i'm competitive extremely rarely , i should have something really close to me and something i really want , in order to make me competitive , so i guess my answer to your question is yes . as a child , ... thanks a lot for your inputs , you definitely encouraged me to research the topic more . after reading about the cognitive functions , i'm almost sure i have ne and fi , thus i'm an infp . i tend to be ... thanks a lot for your inputs , you definitely helped me research the topic more with your insights . after reading about the cognitive functions , i'm almost sure i have ne and fi , thus i'm an infp ... i was extremely good at the algebra part , and horrible at the geometric part - trigonometry , solid geometry and everything in between , name it , i hated it . my mind was and still is extremely ... what is the thing that intps find the most attractive in the infp personality ? how do intps act when they're interested romantically in a possible relationship ? do you find your previous ... thanks for your help , the descriptions actually helped :) i actually found an article to read about the personalities problems on the website thesonderer gave , and identified myself more with the ... i've always hated sports and moving , maybe because my high school was strange and nobody ever wanted me to play in their team . i was a bit fatter due to health issues back then , so they always made ... ( i've posted this one in the infp forum too , as i want to hear both personalities ' points of view ) hi guys , i've read quite a lot about the topic , but it seems like i can't really make up my ... ( i've posted this one in the infj forum too , as i want to hear both personalities ' points of view ) hi guys , i've read quite a lot about the topic , but it seems like i can't really make up my ... thanks a lot for the warm welcome and the advice you gave me , it sounds a lot less scary when you know you're not the only one or awkward . i'll try some of the ideas you gave me , especially about the ... at a first read , you sound neither of them for sure to me - if you have a really slight preference of thinking over feeling ( or the opposite ) , you could manifest qualities from both personalities - ... hmm , i would say intp ( i'm an infp myself , and you don't sound like me , but you sound a lot like my best friend , who's an intp ) . you seem to be an introvert with thinking trait to me ; however , i can ... hi everyone , i've been reading this forum for quite a long time , but decided to join the conversation just yesterday . i've always loved psychology and the personality types reading , so it's ... i love playing that , even though i have no time lately . my favourite part is going for a walk in a park near the river , where i can enjoy the nature , feed the ducks , relax and play it at the same ... i love languages , and it seems like i can never get enough of them :) i know bulgarian as a native , speak english fluently , have decent b2 / c1 knowledge of italian ( i understand everything , but don't ... thanks a lot for your answers ! about my intp - he's a really close friend of mine ( and he considers it an achievement , being so private ) , and sometimes i just feel like he either doesn't want me to ... '