' confuzzled , trousers , testical , cumequate ... nope , werewolf for me thank you very much . seeing as everyone here seemed to like it and it got god reviews i think i might buy it . when you know someone for who they really are and all their faults and somehow still like them that's when you know you have a friend . as to what i value in a friend : i value people who answer the ... i think you should totally text her right now ! just say you were busy for the past little while and couldn't do anything . seriously just do it whats the worst that can happen ? i have one and am probably going to get another in a month or two . its not as big a deal as everyone else makes it out to be honestly . nom nom nom nom nom nom nom nom nom nom i just want to say i completely agree with you there ! i don't understand people who say we need some way to defend ourselves from our government because the government has the army , and the army ... well i just sorta looked down and went ... well obviously this is me fun fact the alexander hamilton , the person most responsible for the united state's 2nd amendment was killed by wait for it ... gunshot . no joke look it up if you want to . my cause is to be the most awesome person ever ! in fact i am driven to be so awesome that i infect others around me with awesomeness and cause them to themselves to become awesome ! people yes ! ! ! i've read all his books ! ! ! love them all but abundance of katherine's was my least favorite and tfios and paper towns were my favorite . vertigoh and icedlemontea i'm a nerdfighter as well ! :) i shall go on this long and dangerous journey and i shall find the nicest radioactive dinosaur ever and then i shall become a radioactive dinosaur and it shall be awesome and fun ! ! ! also i'll be a ... there's a radioactive dinosaur department ? ! ! ! where ? ! ! ! i don't care if i get my head bitten off , because if i can't be a dinosaur i don't want to live any more ! ! ! i had the same basic problem as you because i wanted nothing more than to be a dinosaur . i like to keep people confused i don't get embarrassed , i know people who should be embarrassed because their taste is so bad . my best friend left me this week , she was the only one i would have done something for . so i'm just going to try and avoid the whole thing . my support system isn't too bad ... usually she's the first one i talk to about things but that's not really an option here . i've got some other friends who i feel comfortable talking to though so i'm ... i read this and then immediately sent her a text saying i love and care about her . she's going to see a psychiatrist sometime , i know that she's tried therapy in the past but she didn't like it but i'm really really really hoping that this helps her . as far as her support system ... i'm going to keep this short and to the point . on monday one of my friends tried to kill themselves by overdosing on sleeping pills and anti-depressants , she was saved by her parents who found her ... - sees self in mirror - hey who's that handsome guy ? ! - dials 911 - hello 911 emergency there's an handsome guy in my house and he's ... oh wait ... check that ... its just me this guy needs a job and friends my best friend went to florida last year and 2 days before she left she got dumped and was really distraught about the whole thing , so i sent her an encouraging message on facebook ever single day ... ha i once asked someone this question and they said harry potter but not for the magic , they just wanted to eat the food there . meh it was good . thats it . its not great , the singing gets annoying at times and it feels a little bit to long for me . maybe i just didn't fully enjoy it because i saw lincoln the week before and it ... i'm fine with this happening , just because their my ex doesn't mean they don't have a right to be happy . if it works for them than thats even better . having your friend hook up with your ex is better ... i'm glad you like this question ! i really like your reasoning for choosing middle earth i agree with you completely in the idea that it seems like the most plausible to actually be a real world . but ... infp's are said to live in their own little fantasy world inside their heads so my question to you is : if you could actually live in a fantasy world such as middle earth , hogwarts , or narnia what ... what are your interests and hobbies ? drawing , painting , guitar , walking , movies , reading , cooking , sleeping , writing ... i'm sure there's more but i'm tired right now what kind of food do you eat ? ... i don't remember most of my dreams but the ones i do are always very vivid and lucid . like a few days ago i had a dream that my cousin who i'm very close to died in a car accident and i like trying ... i try to be realistic but its a little hard not to be idealistic sometimes because no ones perfect , but you want that person to be perfect . but overall i would say that am pretty realistic when it ... thats what i thought buuut nooo , my friends all stopped and just looked at me like i was from another planet sometimes i get these weird ideas and i just act on them without saying anything like i once saw a mattress on someone's lawn and i decided i wanted to jump on it .. so i did .. my friends think i'm weird according to my best friend everything you do is hilarious she said that after watching me make eggs and apparently it was funny ... usually i rely on sarcasm for about 90 % of my humor though . title should be pretty self explanatory , who or what movie do you think will win what award ? i am appropriated by my few friends and my family , that's all i need i don't really care if the rest of the world stomps on me as long as the people i care about feel the same way about me i'm happy lion ( obviously ) even go me a lion tattoo 57833 my best friend once gave me a letter saying i'm not trying to flatter or over-exaggerate , but you are the most wise and brilliant , brave and cutest , full package person . i enjoy hearing your ... i told little white lies never anything big what's your enneagram type ? - 6w5 what do you do for a living , or at least dream of doing ? - currently unemployed but i'm thinking of going to school in the fall for journalisum , i would ... lawless land ... well that was easy here's what christmas is : you get some lights , a tree , and you sell your soul to consumerism by buying more presents and pointless junk in the month of december that you do in the entire rest of the ... 1 . happy are you ? - 6 2 . socially skilled are you ? -6.5 overall but around a 9 around people i know and like 3 . lazy are you ? - 7 4 . emotional are you ? -7.5 my best friend goes to florida every year around the holidays and for the last 3 she's taken a friend ... and its never been me . this year she has taken someone she only met in september of this year ... i deleted over have my friends on facebook ! i only have 50 friends now ! i won't be spending nearly as much time staring that that stupid bud addicting site for no reason ! i hold doors open for people ! i've been playing guitar for 6 years and have gotten to the point where i'm quite good and i know it but forming a band is the hard part ' cause i'm really shy and nervous about preforming in public ... '