' okay ... my esfj so has admitted that he thinks that he is not as committed as i am to our relationship . his reasoning : i think you get more attached to people than me . he also says that he doesn't ... extremely loud , incredibly close - js foer just a very touching book . this is going to be more like the confession thread . red velvet cupcake piece of ice cream cake mint chocolate clif bars a margarita pizza popcorn conclusion : i'm disgusting . i had to fill ... ohhh i should have phrased that differently .. i have a tendency to lack sense ... some people have accused me of talking ' in code ' , although that's fairly different . anyway , i meant that i like infps ... most of the time , the statements that upset me seem to be ones that weren't thought out completely by that person . i tend to think it's a waste of time to reply to a person who simply regurgitates a ... wanting to take care of that person ; finding that even their flaws are endearing ; abandoning logic at times to try to understand how they think / feel ... as far as love languages go , gift giving is my ... i take one of my favorite china tea cups with me to coffee shops . it's a little different , but there definitely is a difference in the taste ( vs . the paper cups ) . i also keep fine dissection scissors ... i collect tea cups . the crap that fills my room , minus the book shelves , makes me second guess my tness . emma goldman .. is it possible to make that a slutty halloween costume ? http://www.differenceengines.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/10/emma-goldman-1890.jpg finding flowers on my doorstep ... and waking up to a gray sky morning ( i've missed the rain ) . kind of a funny story . it was okay ; i expected more depth . the last two i met are both prone to isolation , which is probably facilitated by their wow preoccupations and the reason for each of their xanax prescriptions . i probably wouldn't have interacted ... i love infps . the only trait that makes me uneasy is the tendency for some of them to put themselves down too often . i'm not very good with the whole aw , that's not true ... you're very .. nice ... 1 . 23 2 . f 3 . 5 thanks :) it wasn't as bad as i thought it was going to be . in the beginning one of the girls said to do something crazy , which resulted in a spider monkey imitation . after that it was easier to ... i have felt myself mellowing and it scares me a little ; i still want to become ridiculously annoyed when the wrongfully arrogant amsa student raises his voice when talking about patients mistaking ... very much like the anthro / free people / urban outfitters look ... but i also like the crisp , mostly black , pea coat , boots , and pulled-back hair look . it's fun to throw a bunch of random things ... isn't bones a sensor ? the only habit i'm always aware of in those situations ... is sitting / standing in a location that allows me to watch people without being easily watched in return . my default conversations are ... stop saying sorry there are some people who have mannerisms that i find really interesting . people who carry themselves ... delicately ( ? ) really fascinate me ... as well as people who seem to be unaware of how annoying ... i'm not an infp , but my confession is ... i like you guys more than other intps . i saw a status about eye-bleaching ... which made me think eye bleach trays .. and a mishap that resulted in an entirely white eyeball .. like the clear eyes commercial with ben stein .. and now that ... i sing cheesy pop songs way too often .. but only when alone , of course . every now and then i worry about going into coma or dying ... and people finding a ridiculous number of recordings on this ... after i was prescribed vyvanse and the spaciness remained ... i was tested for absence seizures . i think ( at least imo ) that inner thoughts trump external environment .. in terms of awareness ... i.got.glasses . : wink : the old , leafless oak tree by my house looks like a giant neuron .. pet scan it . the outspoken , just-hopped-on-the-bandwagon ... self-proclaimed ' activist ' ... with nothing but an arrogant , unquestioning allegiance to whatever soundbite was tweeted that morning . i catch glimpses of children in some of my professors and coworkers . it overwhelms the room .. sparkling . in certain laughs , it's as though we're all falling into a jm barrie daydream . i love the ... so far this is sleepless night number three .. it's not preferred . driving is terrifying after even one night of no sleep .. but i'm also a major space case . i do remember liking a night without sleep ... i love balmorhea .. i think voiceless songs allow me to feel more in music , but lyrics are also very important ... and tend to satisfy the thinking side .. ( the ones that are enjoyed ) . anti-anxiety meds have helped one of my friends very much . she's 28 . on the other hand .. remeron .. which i reluctantly agreed to try .. will fuck you up . don't do it .. especially at your age ... do this ... http://www.phillypaws.org/images/contentEditor/8_300-149.JPG ... i don't know how to not be rigid .. especially when aware of someone taking pictures .. so if you have any tips on ... do anything that distracts from thinking ... a temporary escape ... when that fails , i sleep for a few days .. usually wake up in a bearable state by then . it's not ideal , but it keeps me here . i accept theistic evolution , yet relate to what you are describing . when you say this makes you obsessed with death .. i wonder if you mean what i would have meant by that statement ? at least once a ... somewhere in time ... i was really young when i saw it , but definitely remember it being very depressing . life is beautiful up in the air ... didn't expect that one . bella beyond the gates 1 . men who stare = taser-buying-inspiration ( more relevant to experience than personality type ... i think ? although .. i guess thinking that in that act they are using lower-level ... certainly . although , i'd say this extends to include all people . every interaction is a game - a state of mind that is a stranger to the thought process that is present during solitude . only in very ... an endless source of apathy the ability to pretend , to take on opposing stances - - being able to emotionally disconnect from the topic at hand not understanding / knowing how to manage emotional ... didn't someone somewhat famous do that ? all of them - how many are we talking ? ? ? ! : unsure : sounds fantastic : tongue : i like the name emily : blushed : only if you're the guy in the video ... or resemble him in any aspect ! haha i didn't know flannel was a turn-on ! ohhh wow ... man in that video = lol eyy captain ! : tongue : you're officially my first pc buddy . now : sipping on chamomile tea , hearing remnants of the violin notes that have ventured through my window , slipper-ed feet sitting upon a stack of books , feeling my hair wave as it dries , smelling the ... home made and secret family recipe . so secret that the words must be capitalized . when growing up in the middle of nowhere , you learn to be old fashioned ( and like it , too ) . i've noticed most buy ... yay ! ! happy people ! ! : laughing : california : i wish i agreed . : sad : people from my old home down south were much , much nicer than they have been here . in the one month i've lived about the bay , i've ... ohhh ! the bonds of flannel ! i wore flannel , worn jeans , knee-high rain boots , crazy windblown wavy hair , and my sister's peacoat ( i should mention : the arms are too short ) when my aunt invited me to ... thank you ! is azrael your name ? it's beautiful . my niece is named avriel . my sisters and i always wished we had been given unique names . ' still new to the bay . still very new here . meeting new people would be amazing . coming from a close-knit , small , outdoorsy community , i haven't met as many friendly people as i had hoped . i don't ... '