' yeah i was joking in my original post i think an important question to pose is which subtypes struggle the most , ie so , sx , and sp . i could see a social 2 struggling with the meaninglessness of life more than ... idk , an sp 5 i dress like a cave monster . all black , pale skin , enormous bags under mine eyes . a haunting facial expression & a piercing scream you have a scorpio moon ... you're a 4 thanks for recognizing me and responding ! sorry i forgot to check back in i definitely feel like depression has eaten my personality , but i did some self reflection on my own and came to the ... i'm really unhealthy right now so this probably isn't the time to try to type myself but sometimes i wonder if i'm actually a 9 - fixed 6w7 instead of a 1 - fixed 7w6 . i've been gone from this forum long ... thanks lol i just really want to learn & be one of those people who are like i speak 5 languages i'm in the constant state of like , who am i ? ? ? and a lot of people have a lot of different ... mucha gente aqui me dicen que tengo 2 en mi tritype , no 4 . pero la primera vez que supe de enneagram , me identifiqué con el tipo 4 . luego , me di cuenta de que estoy un 7 . las caracteristicas que has ... alguien puede decirme si estas son características de un 7 or de otro tipo ? ? ? alguien sabe o tiene ideas ? i'm obsessed with self-awareness . both kinds , if you can split them up into two ( which for the sake of this conversation , i think you can ) . one of my biggest issues as a writer is writing ... agree completely on steven as a social 7 , though i also think he's strongly 2 - fixed which makes the guilt & social-ness of his 7 extra strong . the whole last episode with steven not wanting to ... just imo steven - esfj ( could make a case for enfp but i see too much fe too often - fe is enfp's demonstrative function , but :/ idk ) garnet - istp ( ruby : estp ; sapphire : infj ) pearl - istj ... nope & since my last post and the one above it were both about what other people have to say about your sexuality , thanks for illustrating my point for me ! since my gender on this site is listed ... well , folks , it's been a year and a half and i'm literally a lesbian who was dealing with the notion that if i found men aesthetically pleasing i wasn't a real lesbian when i made this post * and ... well i don't see video games as a waste of time , so obviously i don't use fe ! : tongue : so it seems like we keep circling back to enfp ... other than tad cooper's perception that i may be using ti / fe . i don't think i meant to say that the circus was worth more to be than buda castle ... either is possible ? but neither stands out as necessarily more right than the other , except that i'm pretty sure that i don't use ni , and if i do , it's not that high up in my function stack . so point ... it could be , but i'm almost certainly not an introvert , and i also have trouble seeing myself as a je-dom . it's possible , and i know i made this thread partially to be like were other people right & ... here's how i view objects : the tangible object itself is only interesting to me or worth attention if i have liked it before or if it seems like it would be similar to something i liked before . the ... saint persephone i just messaged you on tumblr saying i'd made a new what's my type thread , and here it is lol owlet that's my understanding of ni vs si as well , and from what i understand / what ... i also don't think that what i said was ni : crazy : i don't know how to answer any of these questions :/ i'm not sure . i don't think i have access to that level of high-concentration ... sorry it took me so long to reply . i fell asleep . can i ask why ? si is linked with comfort , which i for sure feel drawn to . i feel distressed if i have to stand for long periods of ... not horrible descriptions , but they don't do much for me either . the 7 description is half on-point and half meh . it's hard to see yourself in that light when you don't think of yourself in those ... pretty good . just adjusting to life in a new country , trying to learn and be a person ... i didn't really intend to drop off the face of the perc earth , it just happened that way . i'll try to be a ... i haven't really been here since december or january , so i have no idea who of my old friends are still on here , since i think things were a bit turbulent when i slipped away . nonetheless , tagging ... yeah , but anderson is also even more different from scully as a person than duchovny is from mulder . that's what wows me so much about her performances . she makes it look natural , effortless . to be ... duchovny fascinates me . i have come to realize , the more and more that i watch the show , that i don't care much about mulder , and it's because i don't like david duchovny as a person very much . his ... i was looking up the enneagram types of x files characters because i'm interested to hear other people's opinions ( personally i think both mulder and scully are 6 , scully being strongly 1 - fixed ) and ... lol responding super late because life has been kicking my ass but yeah i can see where the resemblance might be ... we look a little similar and we both smile while we talk and move around a lot lmao ... there's no point in dying yet , so i'm gonna keep on being for a while ( ojalá ) that last post was an accident . i was in the middle of deleting what i wrote when it posted . anyway all my new friends here call me weird . i haven't been called weird in a while . i kind of like ... there's no point in being this is us ¯ _ ( ツ ) _ / ¯ ¯ _ ( ツ ) _ / ¯ about to take the new pottermore test ... a ver beauty like the night i notice a bit of passive voice ( the fragments of all our lives have been put together ) and some phrasing is kind of awkward , like instead of saying the thing you want to say ... it's funny though because a huge amount of douglas adams fans i know are ni-doms . like , i know at least three intj douglas adams fankids . but that could just be all the sarcasm and cynicism appealing ... makes the beginning interesting laurens / phillip : me , i died for him peggy / mariah : me , i loved him i'll let you know when i get to spain . four days ! ! no , type a means someone is really like ... uptight , rigid , all about getting things right , orderly , neat , controlling ... yeah . not a horrible thing to be , just a way to be . i have no idea what type ... no , i know some really uptight nfjs and some really laid back nfjs . being super type a isn't a strong indicator of being nfj , and vice versa o shit this is me as hell i can always figure out what people want from me / each other / life and that's why it's really easy for me to find friends and figure out who i'm not going to be friends ... my decisions are usually based on me , but as soon as someone else tries to get involved in my decision making process , it becomes about my resistance to them . this isn't a constant problem because ... probably exactly how i just talked about it minus the first few sentences in the second paragraph lmao i'm about to visit one of my aunts for a week , and i'm excited because she's my favorite aunt and i never get to see her because she lives overseas , but one thing that bothers me is that she's always ... can you please write a thesis on this musical ... please my chest is on fire ... yesterday i impulsively got some ... piercings ... anyway hope everyone is doing well and living their life to the fullest : cool : i know . it's really inconvenient . we're still talking about being together in the summer , though , so i'm not sure what will happen this semester but i think it will work out . we both like each other ... ... she sends me an alien emoji along with a kiss when she says good night , because she knows i love space & aliens . oh my god . i love girls . what am i going to do . this one is such a keeper ... happy to announce that the x files is the last show i watched in 2015 and the first show i watched in 2016 . great beginnings & endings oh hey , i saw that movie today about ... intergalactic fighting ? stellar disputes ? ? ? it was something like ... the push arouses ? space conflicts : the strength reanimates i liked the girl , she was a ... '