' two years into the practice of law my personality has continue to change , and i have continued to adapt to my environment and professional demands . my myers-brigg has continued to shift and be more ... i was an atheist for most of my adult life , in no small part as a reaction to the irrationality , bigotry , and hate i encountered in the christian traditions i grew up with in the south . as an ... while feelings and hormones do most of the ground work for other types , intjs tend to rely on a foundation of trust and reason . when you have two intjs doing this to one another the process can ... i recently started dating an intj female . she is hot , nerdy and psychotic in all the right ways . one would think it would be boring to date someone who is like you to the point of having the same ... speaking only for myself , i would not agree with this assessment . when i go feel something it is rarely deeply or intensely . rather it is almost like something i witness from a third person ... i tend to go for the feminine ice queen ... think bree vandekamp from desperate housewives . however , i am really attracted to confident , intelligent and professional women , so don't be thrown off by ... i have met several intjs who i regard as comparatively emotional . though they are still probably less emotional than the average person , next to me they are veritable fs . i see very little utility ... in the time i have spent in the forums i have come to to note the wide range of emotionality or responsiveness i have seen in other intjs . i tend to be at the extreme end of the t spectrum to the ... i use to be really bad for this sort of thing when i was younger , but have pushed myself to develop my se more . though i am funatmentally an intj , on occasion i test as an istj . i still go blurry ... i feel i should warn you , such a course of action may result in hugging . if that is a risk you are willing to take , so be it . i'm not sure if i love my mother or lot - but i am use to her , and she loves me more than anyone else ... for whatever that may be worth . however , i cannot remember a time in my life when i did not ... in the words of my grandmother , put that down before you break it ! speaking from experience this is solid advice . i have either broken or emotionally maimed every xnfp i have ever met , sometimes ... flakes . i allow people to cancel plans or flake on me three times , after that they lose the privilege of making plans with me . for me making any sort of recreational plans requires the moving around ... i would have to take issue with the op's assessment of lilith , because she is a classic intj . entjs tend to be charismatic and express emotions fairly easily in addition to being decisive and ... when strangers try to engage me in small talk i usually tell them that i don't speak english . i can identify with this a great deal . when stressed i shut down emotionally and socially and focus on the job at hand . during finals in law school i usually disappeared the month and a half before ... i have noticed here and elsewhere intjs referring to themselves as shy . i know this is common in introverts , and i myself was on the shy side when i was a kid . however , as i got older and my ... as soon as my grandmother dies i will be spending the holidays in the bahamas . i have used this technique before , and usually grit my teeth as soon as they aren't looking . however , as i said i have no problem with pretending , i can be a consummate actor . what i lack is ... i can certainly empathize . few things make me more angry than disrespect . though i am generally slow to anger in most situations , my reaction to this can be quite primal . bookish as i can be at ... i have seen this used to describe intjs that tend to be more aggressive and assertive than most , and was wondering if any were lurking about . i generally believe i would fit into this category ... though i have learned to employ some tricks of my own in order to appear more sociable , the bane of my social life remains my complete lack of interest in other people . when people do not annoy me ... have you tried psychological exploitation ? this has worked for me in that past when i care to do it . i study the subject and her past relationships . i find the common thread or characteristic that ... blackberry ? that may be a deal breaker . i am a mac user . for me loyalty and trust are things that must be earned . my trust can be earned if the persons is consistently reliable over a long period of time , and my loyalty can be gained if it is mutually ... haha well lets see , there are two major schools of thought on the human brain and * identity / soul . the dualist position as explicated by descartes contends that identity or as he called it the soul is ... that is understandable . when someone annoys or angers me excessively i first try to ignore them , and if that doesn't work i start plotting their demise . generally my ability to internalize and ... this is a spot on analysis of the arguments being made about tact - and goes a long way in explaining why they were starting to make me nauseous . to clarify for the non-intjs this is not meant ... ok . at this point i should probably reluctantly make out with you , and then date you for a few weeks ... after which time you will accuse me of secretly being a serial killer ( dexter has really ... i just don't have much tolerance for people's emotions , and so that is rarely a factor i consider . i tend to view the over-sensitivity of others as a handicap which i am reluctant to accommodate . i workout compulsively and am in great shape . i decided a long time ago i wasn't going to attract many women with my personality , so i decided i would distract them with my body . bahaha but yeah , ... i find it interesting that some people have found the posts here somehow offensive . to me they seem like truthful and straight forward responses for the most part . i am only commenting on this ... off the top of my head i think one of the problems you had is that you assumed intjs have a lot of feelings that we just aren't showing you , and that the frosty exterior was just a veneer you could ... perfection . the defining of it , and the constant drive to achieve it . the fact that it is unattainable only means i'll never run out of things to keep me going . nice signature . haha i am extremely regimented in my food intake . i eat 6 small meals a day , one every three hours ( to ensure my blood glucose levels don't fluctuate , and to promote an ideal anabolic environment in my ... i'm in the gym five days a week 10-13 hours a week . i'm 5 ' 10 , and weigh 190 with 10 % body fat . so while i am certainly not a fat intj , i don't fit into the lanky category either . i was fat as a kid , ... i often don't bother to learn people's names even after an embarrassingly long time of having known them ( sometimes years ) ... so i use you in place of their name . i tend to be a bit of hobbesian when it comes to social contract theory . i will play by the rules of a civilized social order because most of the time it is in my best interest to do so ... however , ... refrain from anthropomorphizing me please . :) haha i think the istjs differ somewhat from intjs in that we rarely let any hint of our anger or madness bubble to the surface - at least in adulthood . to be certain i could be rather eccentric as a ... this has quickly degenerated . but the point of genetic modification is that those less desirable genes cease to be . no longer will they be passed on to the next generation . who exactly does this rewarding again ? something is or is not , i place no moral judgment upon it for being less capable or less fit . some traits are more or less desirable than others because they ... i'm afraid you have lost me . genetic engineering is something that would have to occur at the time of fertilization or before . once the egg is fertilized and begins gestation i don't know that one ... i am always hesitant to proclaim things are broad moral obligations . if i were to make that claim here , i would in effect be saying that everyone has an obligation to genetically modify their ... i feel a straw man argument has been built and attacked in place of the one i originally proposed . however , i suspect this is largely a result of people only reading one or two select posts in this ... it is the ultimate solution to nearly any trouble some bothersome person may cause you . i obey the rules of society so long as it is beneficial , and i can be seemingly selfless with friends and ... for some reason people automatically go to genocide anytime one mentions eugenics ( damn hitler ) . henceforth i am referring to it as strategic genetic modification . what i am suggesting is more akin ... i just vomited in my mouth a little . haha '