' ah okay interesting , this is not very surprising news i guess - we are pickypickypicky hard spiralling snailshells to crack ! i am also not the kind of person who would open up unless i fully trusted ... so i really like the i'm f . i . n . e . acronym - fucked up , insecure , neurotic , emotional because it's soo true ! smiling at people can be therapeutic but it can also be a deadly disguise . with ... i'm so sorry you had to go through that , kids can be so cruel . * hug * i was bullied to a lesser extent but it still messed up my self esteem pretty badly , you're not alone in feeling depressed about ... part of me wants to merge with a significant other in the sense of being completely undersood and appreciated , but if it drains my defenses to communicate even surface things , how can i reveal ... yup and i just tell them to get out of my face . i could go bitch and moan to them about how much i detest their definition of productivity but i just leave them be because i ’ m being considerate of ... hm i have wondered whether my life would be easier if i were more t , especially since i am also enneagram four , most of my problems are due constantly dwelling on negative feelings and no rational ... media companies , bilboards and lobbying to governments to spread my anti capitalist propaganda . i don't function . i want to crawl all over you with my feeelings now . http://28.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_leqpi2BnQa1qe32j3o1_500.gif i would agree that the process of adopting values comes from relating with the external world bc empathy is based on how individual ’ s decision ’ s will effect others .. x is wrong bc this makes someone ... i ’ m an infj and i agree more with the fi stance . we do lead with ni so we ’ re not just blindly obligated to do everything society or tradition dictates . we ’ re probably more sensitive to certain ... hm well i associate ni with being future oriented but not psychic . i think most predictions tend to be coincidences that feel like mystical synchronicity but are due more to projecting patterns and ... thanks female infj , it ’ s nice of you to remember me , your replies are thoughtful as usual and i will consider what you've written . i also think you ’ d be great to hang out , grab a coffee and some ... trom : perhaps the longest documentary ever ( 12 hrs :) which explores various aspects of constructed reality and presents some alternate solutions . would recommend viewing to be broken up in chunks :p i must keep sharing this everywhere : all my friends are dead . this is my life . for awhile i left perc and thought i could be more independent without reading posts i could relate to so much but i couldnx 92t . i tried to meet people but it didnx 92t really work out . i ... i ’ m applying to be a library assistant and only doing it bc i need to get paid . i like reading more than working obviously . my real interest is probably something psychology related but i also hate ... i wonder if it has something to do with my account being connected to facebook ? if so how can i disable that ? thanks . krelian , i think i suck more than you at being concise muhaha . atm we can't even try to measure all the resources available bc they are owned by various corporations , so ofc people are going to ... * bugs * ( y'all with my hugs ) it's what i do best :p roud : krelian , tvp doesn't deny that all systems are emergent or that all variables can't be accounted for in foresight perfectly , but it can be maximised as much as possible with the knowledge we have now ... the venus project please help create one . i don't like to be around people who are loved for having the exact opposite traits as myself bc it is an indirect insult on my personality . i would probably not be appreciated in such an environment ... there is something at the bottom of every new human thought … which can never be communicated to others , even if one were to write volumes about it and were explaining one ’ s idea for thirty-five ... grr i have this problem too . talking to people happens to be one of the things i'm worst at yet need the most to stay balanced and stimulated ): but recently i took a risk and went to a rally ... yes i dwell on things a lot but then i have to ask myself , do you really want things to change ? it doesn't seem you do if you're convinced you will forever be incapable . also now i have a new motto ... harhar obsessed with obsession yus . i also think about the same situation every night ( with slight variations ) and lucky for me it happens to be terribly miserable and addictive : crappy ... i've been in therapy , it didn't help . left to my own devices , my undisciplined imagination and fear of life gets the best of me . this world is too real for my tastes . i can no longer project all my ... no i didn ’ t intend this to be a huge emofest about losing all the love and meaning in my life except for maybe the fact that my ipod is a good substitution for that and i seem to misplace everything ... there's never going to be perfect compatibility , but better compatibility compared to the rest of the people you've met over the years sure . and having realistic expectations for love comes with ... revolutionary / destroyer of worlds ;D no . i'm a bludge-aholic .. maybe just bc i haven't found a line of work / study i'm compatible with yet . but even if i did , i'd still be pretty lazy i reckon :/ humans are never satisfied unless they die forever / become enlightened / whatever . desire is slavery / end . ego and envy is more of a problem than fashion itself . i would love fashion and superficiality if i looked super hot in that outfit . my countervanity would be motivated by the same vanity unless i ... making cynical remarks and pretending i don ’ t give a shit .. mostly being defensive and projecting heartless sentiments onto all of humanity . i'm always skeptical about physical descriptions relating to type , however i do agree that the left side is cooler than the right :p i sit anywhere that's convenient , there's no real pattern . the ... i personally think some of marriagex 92s legal and economic benefits should be granted to de facto couples and singles as much as it can be applicable . therex 92s no other reason to get married , if i ... neither . i don't relate to humans ... that was a very relatable post gc , thanks . i've encountered so many ah ha that could've been written by me if i were more articulate moments , which makes it even more absurd when i find myself ... i never said prevent , but they can help you cope and not lose your sense of balance in the process of internally solving your problems . my aunty is a psychologist who works in a hospital , so she ... like your username , i dream of there being some sort of revolution in society and for my ideals of humans being fundamentally good beneath the ignorance to come to fruition .. not gonna happen anytime ... they say counsellors need to be counselled themselves so perhaps if you have a good outlet to recharge and relieve your stress , the job will become less draining . i find that meditation or going for ... oh yeah , i was totally unco & sports phobic . i enjoy mini golf and going for random walks around my block ahah . i've been tubing , that was mad fun as well as wading in rock pools with infants ... but ... i kind of have trust issues , i need lots of time to warm up to someone and feel safe with them . i feel conflicted about it though bc part of me naively wants to believe that i can handle anything .. i ... these conversations in which excessive explaining is not needed and the interaction feels effortless are rare but golden :) i've had them with an enfj , isfj and intp . we might use very vague language ... i like listening and trying to console my friends with emotional problems but i don't really have a caretaker complex . like zomboy said i don't think i'm that good at it either . maybe it's bc i'm the ... ni just makes me live in the head , focus on abstract , big picture topics and make connections between information / how everything relates to the whole . i use ni a lot but i probably don't optimise my ... i'm not an infp but i relate to the op .. i don't have a very strong purpose bc i don't believe god has created one for me , i don't think existential self created meanings consistently suffice and i ... i often feel envious but i know it's hypocritical to desire taking something important away from others .. it reeks of possessiveness and just like in romantic relationships , seeking to possess is ... lol i tend to create imaginary outfits for myself too , so whenever people say their sense of style is a significant way in which they express themselves , i never feel like i relate as completely as i ... me too i buy all my clothes from charity stores or second hand markets now , you save money and get to feel more creative when searching for a unique outfit . most clothes in chain stores are so boring ... '