' i'm actually going into the counseling psychology field . i ' counsel ' my friends , but they do the same to me ( cuz my friends rock ) . but i've talked to one isfp where i work , and she would be a great ... yeah , definitely not an isfp . forgive me ... hey--thanks ! just wanna throw out an happy , intellectual nugget from your duality partners ( google : socionics , dual ( or ) duality ) from across the way : ... something important to notebis that mb and socionics differ in their function placements . this will ( often ) switch introverted types so that the functions will fit . ... personally , i would go with ... hey jayess , though i'm an entp now , i grew up an infp . i felt the exact same way you do when it comes to high pressure demands and phone calls . no . thank . you . look into jobs that fit your type ... lets start with a classic : alexander the great 2 more things . i grew up doing this . i know what it feels like ( it pretty much sucks ... i mean ... it does ) . i also know its reversible because i've done it . its a daily thing ... or rather a ... good news , you don't have bipolar disorder - - yay for you ( and quite honestly , many people around you ... ) bad news ( but really , this pales in comparison to the good news here , so if you are infp , ... when complimented > ' i do what i can ' or ' ya know , there are some people in this world who just have talent / skill / mad skill ... i'm simply one of them ' ( in playfully cocky tone ) ' i love it ... yeah . this is starting to make some sense now . i often will question whether or not i'm actually an enfp because i will bounce to other personalities ( sometimes at my command , but usually at the ... i get a few of those . one of my closest enfp friends told me the other day that she though i was arrogant at first--or at least overconfident in the way that estps can come across . yeah , i wasn't ... well , don't know what you mean by science bc there are many different types . however , if you wanna work with people , get paid well , work possibly with law enforcement , in science , and have a ... banquo , it sounds to me you are an enxp . you probably have mild extroversion . you seem to flip between your t and f pretty frequently . i'm the same on many points . i'm enfp who flips over to t ... meh , i'm a little bit more into video game music that tells me / paints me a story . i think stuff like final fantasy or chrono trigger is pretty good ( by nobuo uematsu --> ) nobuo uematsu ( 2,414 songs ) ... answer : :p roud : i'm nobody special--just like everyone else on this forum . actually , i was provoked . indirectly . treebob originally has done nothing worthy of being attacked ( er ... in this thread ) ... - sigh - no offense to those rationals who are actually emotionally aware out there , but i find the irony in being a thinker is that sometimes you are clouded by your irrefutable objective logic that ... granted , it is hard to tell at first the difference between enf and esf . however , does anyone think that these two similar ( yet different ) traits are related to s or n ? or is it some other aspect of ... all i can say is that if it weren't for ssris , i might not be here now . i wasn't considering suicide , but i think a little longer without the help , and i might have gone there . but i also took that ... i've had this assumption for a while that all bubbly people are enfx's and all ditsy people are esfx's ... yeah--was i wrong ! i ran into a few esfp girls who were really bubbly and so i thought , hey , ... hey autumn , good to see you stumbled on to this place . yeah , even in your writing , you seem very infp to me . i grew up semi-infp and registered equally as a 9 , 4 , and 6 , so i know what you mean ... i think i'll join in on a couple--of course it no longer remains lesbian , but i think i can sleep at night knowing that i brought the ' hetero ' back to sexuality : laughing : nice , deagalman ! : crazy : i didn't know we creeped you out that much ! lol google---yes . it definitely feels like that sometimes : laughing : yeah , it used to bother me a lot if i was alone , especially if i was in public . but now i accept that i don't always have to be with other people . still , meeting new people and making time for ... its that simple , kids . upload a / some song / s that you believe broadcast the enfp perspective . either lyrics or flow of music is fine . also , if you want your song to highlight a specific aspect within ... i gotta know . are you type a or type b ? i especially want enfps to answer , but all types are welcome to submit their classification . also , if you used to be another type please list that as ... hi ... now where's my cookie ? my cookie . i was thinking the other day about those i like to get along with and ... those i have to get along with : wink : . so in general , list the types you get along with and those you don't ( just leave out ... hey lynn---i love my fellow enfps ! ! ! ... ( except the fun-loving kind , so ... sorry . fun ist bad . hates it ) ( okay , so i lied ) good to have you . be crazy . i'm down . dear britney , i mean--you know i could sweep any woman off her feet with my dancing skills . but , i mean--you know how it is--i guess you are lucky that i'm dancing with you . i mean--i am that ... aight . you're in ! : tongue : believe me . charlie is a kitten dispenser ... :d ry : you can join only if you teach us curling : crazy : welcome ! i can admit to not being in the romantic mood alot , myself---even after than insanely long post of mine : mellow : thank you for the kind warning : happy : i think these ideals are worth fighting / searching for . i agree that its not smart to expect them from anyone everyday . relationships take work , and there is ... yeah , i'll admit i'm often the one who generalizes based on a couple of bad apples from the past . thanks for the reminder . yeah , didn't you know , treebob---there was an announcement thread requiring all estps to make it their avatar , and a few others just thought it was cool . a couple of us were chatting in fc why you ... yes ! ? really ! ? i-i mean , this goes for at least 3 hundred and 50 brownie points at the bpbm ( that's brownie point black market ) man---thanks , breakfast ! - attempts to cart the mollusk ... holy crap ! you are the one who put it on me ! i was minding my own business--i was sleeping . but no . you just couldn't leav me alone , could you ! ? charlie--put ... the stick ... down ... i have yet to join it , but i listen to it alot ... can i get brownie points for coming half way ! ? ! : crazy : hey fatal ( for short ) , yeah , welcome . glad to see an enfj guy around . i mean , i really just don't meet many of you . good to have you . ( and cafebot is ... well , a bot ... so ... yeah ) ... 1 ) back off , jerkette 2 ) i thought you aimed to be a warm and cuddly cat ? : confused : charlie , your post identifies alot with me . if you don't mind , i would like to man-if-y it a little . so , i'll fill in those gaps , but again , its almost the same . just so you can see the ... until very recently i could have sworn my life on the fact that my mom was an istj ... yeah , about that ... she turned out to be an esfj ... ( where did i go wrong ? ! ) and dad ... i ... yeah--i'm a jerk , alright ! ? i skipped to the end without reading . so there , i admitted it . so , if someone already brought this up ... oops :d ry : anywho , i don't think that ethnicity plays an ... i have yet to read that thread , but it looks really good . :p roud : one of the most blunt , honest , unoffensive ways to communicate that marriage and family counselors teach is very simple . ... enfp and brown . depending on the light , there is a circle of green in the center . ooh , and i used to be infp about 3 or 4 years ago . just so you kids know , i have not dated an intp , so i can't give you any info concerning the whole dynamic--just what it means to be enfp and in a relationship . because of my ne , i'm always watching ... i'm not entirely sure here , but aren't p's more receptive giving people second , third , and 8th chances ? i see j's as people who usually try to be organized , try to be clean , but definitely someone ... i agree with res---i wasn't aware there are traits in existence within the enfp that aren't smexy : laughing : '