' life is meaningless and we are all going to die . work is a means to an end but it definitely helps to like what ya do and get some sort of fulfillment out of doing something that produces something ... i wanna dance and fuck all the ladies or i get all philosophical and shit yeah but my p-ness is heaps bigger you know you entp when you know the above poster is exaggerating her entpness upon looking at in-et . thinks a new genre of porn in front of your mum your face ? what is that ? would be some kind of night time scene maybe foggy latex the more i get out among the humans . the more i realize i'm an outsider . i did once . she held part of her self back and seemed better then before so i tryed to go back . didn't happen . i still miss her . it doesn't work like that . because laws , red tape and political correctness . wrecks my fun . i think life is boring and i want to die before i get old i don't think anyone is worthy of there own self hatred . if i fuck up i'll beat my self up a bit and don't like to think about my failings . but overall i'd have ok self esteem if was to try and attract an entp female over the net what things do entps do that would repellent to another entp . i know that if a chick comes on too strong i pull away a bit would it be the same ... as an entp probably istp estp entj maybe enfp some peanuts and a banana . no not that . geez you have a dirty mind entp talk bullshit . nah we never do that :) special snowflake :) ^ ^ we have an intruder . : exterminate : id prefer a cute isfp over a pushy polyamous intp any day . just saying but they are boring as batshit so maybe cut him off for a while and try again latter in say 3 months when he's bored of her is ne to manipulate what you see / hear in front of you to what it could be in your mind ? seems right on global big 5 i'm scuei the one on one interaction thing is more that it less preferred to small groups of 3-6 . its still this intuition vs sensing thing that i cant figure out . i noticed the drummer in my band can ... i know that im a xxtp of some sort . on most tests i get either entp or estp . once istp and once intp i score about 50/50 give or take 5 % on the intuition / sensing i'm an extrovert i hate staying at ... i grew up in a country town and around agriculture . a very sp world and still live in a very sp world would that make me more like an sp type my learning style is more leave me to figure it out my ... i don't think i'm an entp . must be istp or estp hugging from behind is what the infp's do to me . that won't be too risky and it will get the psychical touch thing going . kiss him on the cheek . even stroke his inner thigh while you are sitting next ... he wants to put his dingle twang in your lady cave . so go do it as there naked skin glistens in the pale glow of the fire thunder rumbles in the background like raging sexual desire as he looks deep in her eyes and sees her complex soul waves crashing on the ... turbulent is more easily stressed so how ya going to make you self unstressed when its stress that motivates you i wrote a song about burning my ex . it was really poetic and dark which ( wait witch with the burning and all ) was strange coming from me entp and enfp destroying the universe with creative sex in a far away galaxy because the extroverted initiative's mind has no boundary's . sever the ties to our ti and te and go on an endless ... infj can't chill the fuck out and stresses everyone else out unnecessarily cuteness so infp seems right the cat can hug your sheep and i'll hug you :) i'll give an infp lady hug's but only if we can be naked :) that's a secrete but its not painful unless i bite your nipples a little too hard . are you a 7 or an 8 ? its hard to crack those 8 women open already bored of that plus who wants to follow the rules :) ^ grab this one too maybe some entp on entp action is in order :) that's what but plugs are for hey :) i was trolling and wrecking the mood for everyone . but i must admit being an entp makes it hard to want someone because logical reality's are in the back of the mind . ahhh the relief . i guess i better get licking now :p everywhere polyamory so everyone gets to share the stds of one person . very few people can be honest enough to have poly relationships with out problems . killed ya mood :) my penis is all soft and unused . we don't want that can a cute infp rub it all better :) i'll lick you its not like that we wanna make sure we pick the best possible option so we will stck yeah ya don't want fiction during activity's plus it sticks to oil . no dingle twangs other then my own to be in the vicinity of me having sex confused girl 28 its ok i'm sure you aren't her . as we lay on the beach looking at the night sky ... '