' in a sense , yes . but it's more involved than that . the intj knows what they know , but more importantly , they know what they don't know . within that , the intj will have this internal guiding that ... think of it this way : ne is allowing you to intuit the external world , seeing how things connect to each other externally . making connections between different subject matter and experiences . this ... not a bad idea ! is there any way you can point me in the right direction , and then maybe a mod ( mods , this is for you ) can change the title and remove that first part ? x01660 that this is a healine : kim k's post-baby body a mystery : x01660 i am planning on writing a series of articles , and that will make it easier for me to search for it here , and on the internet once google's web crawlers cache the page . :) x01660 it's so true ! ! ! though it's interesting that i am sort of in the middle ... i'd be the guy to make it perfect , sit back and watch it for a while and marvel at it's perfection , then purposely sabatoge ... introduction : hello to all ! ! ! it has been a long time since i was on here , and i think ix92m due for another article ! ! ! the focus of this article will be to explain the differences between intp / ... it was an in depth conversation with a true intp ( one of my house mates ) that really made me realize that i only research and learn things as much as i need to know in order to apply it . we were ... alas , it has been a long time since i was on here , and i just wanted to say hi to all of the folks who were on here before i took my hiatus . there is much i intend on writing about , including my ... that two against one video ... wow ... that was moving ... thank you . :) x01660 trippy ... hehe ... ;) <3 x01660 riding my motorcycle or seeing the look of amazement on kids eyes when i give planetarium shows and they learn something new for the first time ... :) x01660 yay ! ! , waitwut ? :p x01660 hello everyone ! ! ! long time not on here . i just ingested a bunch of psilocybe cubensis . so give me cool stuff to see and read ... ;) x01660 <--- ;) x01660 xbox , music , or a hard motorcycle ride ... x01660 i really like this ... though i am of the opinion that the best system ( in theory ) would be a benevolent dictatorship , where the leader was truly benevolent ... if you haven't read starship troopers ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_G1lj8MBRpQ take this seriously ... it's really true , and one of the few things from south park ( and i have all the seasons in mkv ) that resonated with me ...  ... i sometimes will put on the matrix , while playing halo ce anniversary in retro mode , while listening to no doubt ... or 2-3 hour long listening sessions playing only music made before 1999 ... ... i'd rather play halo wars ; at least that time waster forces you to think and plan tactically ; i . e . you are actually using your brain ... guess what i'm doing right now ... :d ry : x01660 that's some passion right there ! ! :p roud : x01660 hey @ [ i ] leat and , can i be a member of the mbti biker gang as well since i actually have a bike ? http://i619.photobucket.com/albums/tt272/x01660/IMG_6023.jpg : tongue : ok , i'm ... i'm copying my post from another thread here because the highlighted part is extremely relavent to this discussion : just add facebook to this list ... it's what happens when dumb people have ... there is something else you must realize : since the advent of social media and technology that is easy ( that is very important ) , a lot more average ( i'm being pc here :d ry :) people have the ability ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iV8grPJvs3o <3 x01660 no need to apologize . glad i was able to help , for what it's worth . :) x01660 this ... life is a never-ending series of lessons . and you will fail at some of them . and that's ok . my father has a saying : experience isn't what you've gone through ; it's what you've learned from ... as an intp ( and i'm speaking for myself here , but i'm sure some others as well ) , i do not place value on things that most people hold as important ; i don't care about having a big house , or lots of ... yes , and your age explains it . i'm just a few years older ( 23 ) and i have meaning so to speak , in my life . i want to be a psychologist and help people . and it's what is driving me to get through ... ! جيد جدا ، يا سيدي x01660 existential nihilism - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia in my case , finding myself is finding what meaning life has . it is up to each individual to give his / her life meaning . for some people , ... dude , i like you . no homo . :) x01660 is she now ? : wink : x01660 i have 7 people i consider true friends . 5 of them are girls . and most of my acquaintances are girls . i think it has to do with the fact that i'm not trying to get in their pants every two seconds ... it's funny reading all of these posts : i love counseling ... i am a counselor for almost all of my friends ... as was mentioned before , intps are good at reading people for the most part ... and doing ... so just because i'm not doing what everyone else is makes me a psychopath ? you know who else took a similar stance ? the catholic church . during the inquisition . look at how that turned out ... ... the world sucks ; as an intp all i want to do is makes things better ; more efficient . and i get frustrated when i see people making stupid ass mistakes because they were careless or just didn't give a ... the responses are funnier than the op , lol . keep it comin ' ! ! ! : laughing : x01660 i just got tl ;D r'd . hehe ... x01660 i could be wrong , but i'm pretty sure i just owned this guy . you guys be the judge . it's long : levett michael washington had a good time last night , almost a little too much fun ! i wish this ... yeah , straight up . i was muslim . i'm now an agnostic / existential nihilist . you need to take a close look at the contradictions in islam ( and christianity and judaism and all the other monotheistic ... i listen to everything except country , but my favorite by far is trance ... :) x01660 i really don't need much from life ; all i want is enough money to pay rent in a small place , money for gas and to work on my motorcycle , a cell phone , a fast internet connection , food , a computer , ... yeah , fuck california . :d ry : x01660 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uOqP3wj2x14 : cool : x01660 how did you know ? ! ? ! ? : laughing : x01660 : wink : i'm with ^ . totally down for a group date ... and group dating leads to group ... : laughing : x01660 the socionics ili is me to a t . like spot on . kinda scary ... x01660 edit : and i just contributed to reviving a 2 year old thread ... :d ry : annie gravity , take a look at the last post date in ... as alexande said , intellectual stimulation . talk to him about one of his interests . just start talking about it and he'll light up like a christmas tree . at that point , you won't even be able to talk ... '