' dear istps , 7000 posts and this doesn't qualify for a sticky ? i'd guess that there is a correlation between how many male vs female istps there are in the gen pop and how many questions get asked about each here . well , like the other nf who ressponded , apparently i've entirely missed the point as well . that's fine , as far as i'm concerned . look , how you are talking about this issue reads to me as though ... while you're waiting for some istps to give you their insight , i will offer this . get his number and text him . if he responds , quickly or within the first 24 hours ( sometimes they like to craft their ... every useless bit of dna they run into dear istp : that is the funniest description i have ever heard an istp use about other humans ever . b as i've said a few times to my istp friend , you're not so special that you get to be the only misunderstood person on the planet . yeah , you're friends probably get it and accept you , otherwise i ... chill . i have a cold and am a little out of it . i meant sociopathic . please don't bother to define that , i'm capable of looking at the latest dsm , or even wikipedia . i thought he meant how describes it , and that worried me . i was also a bit confused because he has a super close group of friends , and is pretty arrogant - rightly ... dearest istps the istp i hold dearest clings to his belief , at age 33 , that he is unfit for human companionship . his words . in times past , i have heard other istps express a similar thing , ... that is a very young istp ... but generally , they don't tend to hint at things or play coy , so i wouldn't read a whole lot into what she wore , especially since she has a bf that she spoke with while ... perhaps surprisingly , my istp friend does really well in sales , and really likes it . but i think he has a lot of downtime between having to call on people or see them , and gets to be out of the ... dear : thanks for making me feel my age . i thought this meant was tired , until you mentioned a steam name . lols it was a real surprise to hear you say that , because you seem so very in touch with / able to express what you feel - clearly and concisely ( which is not a bad thing ! ) . don't know if that helps - hope ... i wasn't posing a question about istps . dear whoever cares : holy s * * t . i landed me another istp . one who doesn't have problems with his fe . i probably would have run screaming away if i had realized it before hand , but i think this ... is being wanted better than being needed ? probably in most instances i would agree that it is . but istps can stop wanting so suddenly , needed definitely feels more secure . that's probably not even as ... istp independence can be scary to an nf so . it's not a matter of drama , at least that's not how i would read it - but i have needs and wants in a relationship . when it was me in that situation with an ... dear dude : i'm trying to hold out when you sulk and analyze , or ignore , or whatever you are doing ... but i gotta close the door on the whole shebang soon . no friends , no nothing . this is torturous ! ... not an istp , so i can't answer your ultimate questions , but the section on interest checks from the survival guide for non-istps may present some practical advice for a piece of this . it has some ... the five-years-no-sex was prefaced by i'm going away to college in the fall . how old were these people who were dating for five years and not having sex ? sweet ! congrats jorji i would totally eat that ham sandwich . and enjoy it ;) unless the thing i mentioned wanting was a ham sandwich , that seems unlikely . try the ban thread in café lounge dear istp : if you want to get out of your head , put the bottle down and go the fuck outside . the time you spend on even one drink is too long to wallow in that pit of fe . love , me i doubt that empathtic verbal assurance is the first go-to for an istp ( not that they can't do it , or won't if they understand it's something their partner needs , and they're invested in the ... as an nf who has been there / done that 1 . yes.much longer than will be comfortable for you , likely . 2 . no . not likely . 3 . be obvious , without pressuring . as in , be very plain and direct that you ... i haven't seen my istp interest in a looong time . we talk a lot tho . i'm in the process of moving really far away and his response , when i asked him if he had any problem with it was along the ... fwiw , i don't think that's atypical . i think bukowski and hemingway , possibly orwell were istps , just to name a few . my istp friend is an avid fiction reader . he writes , as well , but has been less ... you joined perc to berate people ? thanks for the input ! i appreciate it ! tracteur i hit upon it as a good possible meet up place for an istp friend / interest that i haven't seen in a long while . i know that museums are at the top of his indifference list , so i thought this ... do you like aquariums ? dear istp : geez , you're awfully butthurt about being caught out in a logical inconsistency . c'mon , relax , it took me years to be able to do that ! besides , it's not very pretty ... - b dear istp ouch , changed the phone number without telling me , huh ? well , can't deny that i did it first , but i gave in and gave up the number way too quickly . you likely won't . probably for the ... sorry , i don't mean to imply that as a group , i believe that istps don't feel anything . only that if others have specifically experienced this , could they tell me more . i actually can't remember ... mid 30s istp friend said recently that he has no emotions / feels nothing . i'm curious about this . i recall seeing passing references in perc threads to istps saying they feel nothing or do not ... i believe is married to an enfj , and has a number of posts which articulately examine some of the issues and how she her husband have coped . edit : here is one : ... dear istp : time for me to date some feelers now . thanks for teaching me to pay attention to the details in front of me , and helping me understand that not everyone who doesn't smile and wave or ... considering what you said in a different thread about contemplating leaving her , not being happy in your marraige , and just generally having massive problems with your wife , debt , etc : yeah ... i'd ... the last bit about picking up on projects later in life makes me wish there were some senior citizen istps about on perc to add their insight . it's very interesting in that i'm not sure i've ever ... hah , very f * * * g confusing ! we met at work ( working for different agencies housed in the same space ) . it was the intense gaze , the following me around like a puppy , and the full on joking ... i_c_thru_u what nrk 112 says sounds about right . they don't read much into statements . in fact , that's why i said the istp responding was a sign of effort : you're so silent doesn't pose a question , ... i'm not tracking : what is the thing being said and is it me you're asking , or are you seeking an istp's answer ? ? that type of explanation is actually a good sign , in my experience . if you weren't important to the istp , you wouldn't get an answer to that type of query . dear notedbook 300 welcome back ! how was the military ? ? - b the job contact i'm trying to connect him with is where he lives now - not near where i live . whatever else happens , i'm happy to make that connection for him . moving would mean part time work ... not at all , because one thing i've learned is that dealing with itsp man , direct and to the point is the best way to communicate . so , i say ' this is what i start thinking based on what you said ... btw , thanks , seralya for writing that ( and to anyone else who contributed ) . it's been amazingly helpful in navigating things and for learning how to respond in a non-overwhelming manner to ' interest ... kind of an odd thing for an istp to do , i would have thought , but it takes a village i suppose . he's been musing aloud , on a show . several times in a row now . '