' dear favourite perc ship , i hope you work things out soon . y'all are making me relive my divorced parent angst . be the change you want to see in the world : wink : sincerely , infp . dear enfp , i'm sorry that we fought , but i'm really happy that we talked about things and worked through everything . i really appreciate that you listened and validated my feelings . i promise that ... i wouldn't say that i have a strong presence in groups , but i have definitely learned how to be a charismatic person . when my social persona is ' on ' , people have no idea that i'm an introvert - - let ... infp ba in gender studies and philosophy certificate in human resources and labour relations i would probably do my education over if i had the chance . specifically , i would have focused more ... cis female infp . 55.833 out of 100 masculine points 60.833 out of 100 feminine points 60 out of 100 androgynous ( neutral ) points the risk is that if you get found out , you're most likely going to get fired on the spot , which means no reference - - and a sketchy job history with no references will make it progressively more ... i have actually recently decided that infp is a better fit for me : kitteh : which isn't to say that intj 4s aren't a thing , i just don't happen to be one . my infp groupie confession is that i think you are an incredible human being . the absolute best . i can't really remember what my life was like before i knew you , but i do know that it is infinitely ... i think it's silly and a waste of medical resources . 1 . there are already more children in the world than childless parents wanting to adopt . 2 . even if you do happen to be the sort of person ... i would say that most of the women i know date up rather than down . in general this doesn't surprise me simply because of traditional gender roles . men do make more money , on average , than women , and ... nsaids ( and opiates , for that matter ) are fine . nsaids are actually commonly prescribed to help deal with menstrual pain and both are commonly used by women with endometriosis , so it's a very safe ... do you have curly hair or straight ? curly haired people are prone to this because their hair doesn't slide off when it falls out like straight hair does ; it gets caught in the curls of their hair ... the advice above is good . i'd reiterate that just physically being there can be really important . watch movies or tv shows together , go for a walk or a drive , play video games , just sit there and ... female intj , i've been in a relationship with an infj guy for more than three years and we're very happy together ( planning to get married ; move to the suburbs ; have 2.5 kids , a dog , and a hybrid ; ... this bugs me too . i'm an intj in a relationship with an infj guy . we've been together for three years so far . we met on okcupid , and one of the things that i really liked about that was that the questions and the ... i haven't encountered this in my romantic relationships , but i did have this issue with a friend . the way that i saw it , i couldn't understand why she felt that we needed to like all of the same ... this thread is both timely and perversely hilarious . i was just diagnosed with a pretty serious heart condition yesterday . if , and it's not likely that this will be the case , but if this condition ... dear universe , what the ever loving fuck did i do to deserve bipolar , endometriosis , liver problems , and heart problems ? seriously , no one else in my family has a single thing wrong with them ... i went by myself for the first time a couple of months ago . it was a movie that i really wanted to see , but that no one else was interested in . i have mixed feelings . if the alternative were ... i really liked the advice given here : sometimes giving people space can have the unintended consequence of making them angrier because they feel like you don't care about them ( if you cared ... i don ’ t think that there ’ s anything that you could have done beyond reaching out to him , which it sounds like you did . i know that it probably sounded like i was defending him in my first post , but ... uncertainty is the worst . i've been dealing with an ( until recently ) undiagnosed mystery illness since the autumn of 2012 . out of the blue , i started having horrific episodes of pelvic pain that ... in general , i would react pretty similarly to how your boyfriend reacted , from what you've posted . there are a couple of reasons why i would do something like this . first of all , i don't like ... intj 4w3 so / sx . i actually mistyped as sx / so until just recently because i'm extremely introverted and spent a lot of time growing up being misanthropic and hating people . i realised i was a 4 ... why do you do it ? do you ever feel guilty about doing it ? the two people i know who are at the end of their phds have backup plans in becoming a french teacher ( she is francophone ) and applying to medical school ( she has an undergrad degree in immunology or ... i'm 5 ' 1 and stopped growing at 14 . whether or not you do a philosophy degree will really depend on what you want to get out of it . some of the best advice that i got from my professors / friends in grad school when i was considering ... yes , i think so . i only really know one 4 well - - my long distance best friend - - who is a fellow 4w3 , but whenever i stumble across lists of famous 4s they're always people i'm drawn to and think ... update : previously mentioned best friend turned out not to be such a good friend after all . my current best friend and i found each other through perc after some mutual stalking . it turned out ... here's to 1000 more ( no seriously , don't retire or perc will be ruined for me forever : crying :) dear ovaries , stop . it . sincerely , an intj who can't stop puking and passing out because you have been giving her round the clock pain for the last 12 days . ps , while you're at it , ... dear 2013 , among my list of grievances are : - the 4 family members you've axed since the beginning of the year - the 8 non-familial people in my life you've also axed since the beginning of the ... to the various you can't be intj if you're not mentally healthy , i'm sickened by all of these delusional people trying to be like me ( lol you're not that special , i assure you ) has it ever ... dear kaleidoscope , i just deleted that comic you once sent me about wanting to squeeze someone so hard that their insides explode the other day and now i feel like i am lacking inadequate ... no . even though i have a lot of self-loathing , neurotic , 4ish stuff going on at any given time , i do generally think that i'm a pretty attractive person . i'm a talented writer , i'm very passionate ... i am insulted that i am not an example in your article ... i thought my friendship meant more to you :( just kidding , it was interesting to see everything put together after all we've talked about ... no , i have never had any real confusion in terms of my type . people have a harder time pegging me down now that i'm older , but it was never difficult for me to figure out and i remember thinking to ... english , math , and chemistry were where the shit was at for me in high school . i also liked languages ; i was enrolled in french , spanish , and german for three years . op : i'm sorry that you are having a rough time . however , i second what other members have said about seeking mental help . i have mental health issues of my own , so i understand that it can be ... this is the gist of the conversations i have with my infj . i'm 4w3 and semi-fluent in girl and he's a 5w6 engineer who can be so . hopeless . i love him , but sometimes his lack of social graces and ... this is basically right on the money . the only reason why i was not older than i was when i lost my virginity is because i was with someone who was confident enough to initiate sex . if i'd had to ... i am also super squeamish to the point that blood makes me pass out and i have serious worries that if someone i love gets hurt i'll just faint and leave them to die : shocked : i am also ... i love this so much . i just recently started making lattes at home , so i appreciate the physical work that goes into making these kinds of beverages . i don't miss starbucks at all except for ... snakes . i am convinced that i would literally lose my mind if i were locked in a room with one , no matter how harmless it was . i tried to describe some of the feelings they give me , but i ... why are you dating someone that it seems you do not like ? if you're having massive issues like this after two months , i don't see the motivation to remain in a relationship with this person . you're ... i think it's a great idea for all of the reasons you've laid out here . i'm of the same mind as you are that if it's a feature that's available , why ... not ? it really doesn't seem to cause any harm ... some of the responses in this thread are extremely childish : bored : i'm not a guy and i'm not dating an infj lady , but i have been in relationship with an infj guy for over two years now and he's ... '