' exactly . there are also many ways in which sevens and fours are different , so if people are confused about their type , they should think about that , too . i have a dear friend who is a four who cannot ... you're a seven , yes ? ( according to your profile .. ) i think fours and sevens have a ton in common , personally , and i know several who could very easily mistype as the other . the thing about them both ... not all that useful . i don't think many enneagram tests are . the rheti has given me different results almost every time . you really just have to read about it and talk it out with people . watch ... finding this vid series by carolyn zakowski really useful and interesting . there's a new vid up about the dynamic between four and nine and how they can spin out and go to a bad place with each ... you basically just described my experience , especially with the irrational productivity streak . i've been trying for many years to create a balance with this ... to be able to be productive is ... thank you for sharing your experience . when you say that se is a natural servant to ni , can you say more about what exactly you mean ? like , can you think of any concrete or everyday examples of ... hi , all . what is your experience with going into extraverted sensing ? i am the epitome of the infj who gets out of touch with my body , forgets to eat and drink , forgets to take care of ... such an interesting question . 1 - moralist 2 - mother archetype 3 - marketer 4 - tortured romantic 5 - mad scientist 6 - skeptic / cynic 7 - manic depressive 8 - father archetype ok . yes . let's move on . let me ask it yet another way ! does anybody know any fives who are : entj enfj entp enfp estj esfj of course , any mbti type is going to have some function that is extroverted according to cognitive function theory . and yes , i get what extroversion versus introversion means . let me clarify my ... do you know a type 5 extrovert ? are you one ? i'm curious . i've met type 5s who are sociable and have lots of friends , but none that are true extroverts . thoughts ? yeah , that's my initial reaction , too ... they're so poorly defined and i can't understand the relationship to the shape of the enneagram ( though maybe i'm missing something . ) also , i don't have a ... lol ! ( edit : erm , sorry i posted this twice by accident . computer going crazy over here . ) lol ! yeah ... i guess i'm confused because the 12 types are so vaguely defined and i don't understand why the person is using planet names . it seems like this theorist is just asking for their ideas to ... i came across some information about a person who is writing about and making videos about the 12 type enneagram . i have been studying the enneagram for a long time and have never heard of such a ... my friend and i call this nine rage . it's very common for people who are conflict avoidant to freak out when they're not feeling good . pressure cooker syndrome . you don't need tritype theory . nines ... no . it's not necessary and doesn't have a base in the original texts . helen faurve wrote about it based on some short studies then registered it as a copyright trademark . if you know anything about ... i can promise you that writing isn't based on whether or not someone is a thinker or feeler . like , not even a little bit . i'm not trying to be snarky i was just really surprised to see that ... yes , i would save him . why is killing him / letting him die any of my business ? why should i be the one to get to decide whether he lives ? why am i so special that i know letting him die is a good ... oh--sorry for the typos in my above post . i was on my smart phone . regarding john's mbti : enfp is really interesting . i'm still trying to figure out their mbti types . i suppose i don't know ... ok we all know those ringo songs would never have been what they were without him ... i think that's the point . even the beatles knew it , that's why they gave him the songs . plus those were his drum ... so this is a really thorough video commentary on the beatles ' enneagram types and weirdly funny . thought i'd share . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yspzX0DP_CY the verdict according to this ... i feel you on so much of this . i think it's so great to just talk about it . i really think that a lot of this emotional sponge stuff comes out of trauma and therefore has to be healed in very ... i think all of those three options you mentioned make a lot of sense . particularly , he seems to think his way of thinking about things is objective and that they're the only right way ... this often ... thank you for the link to the article . i can see a lot of what you're saying . what i got from the vid was that with empathy there is still a sense of getting close and even a tiny melding of the ... i mean , you make some good points , but he would be fine with what i'm saying here and he knows all of it ... we've talked about it all before . i understand why somebody else or a stranger might not ... hm ... you're probably right . it does seem like it can be anything ... but maybe it's the thoughts and logic ... and that can apply to a lot of things . he doesn't tend to get too opinionated on values and ... so interesting ... i don't tend to think of him as the type of guy who would be afraid / against weakness because he is artsy and does not want to be seen as a typical guy guy . and i should say , he ... you've just described him perfectly ! ( edit : response to elight ) thank you . he is older . i've considered that he might be an istj but he relates to intj more ... he has a lot of s-ness ( a lot of attentiveness to space , really great at ... thank you , this is smart advice . if i'm being honest i am probably almost as stubborn as him though i don't think i share his trait of being so randomly reactive and opinionated . like it makes a lot ... not at all . i'm still trying to learn about the mbti . what's the type most likely to be cynical ? hi , intjs ! i'm pretty positive my partner is an intj . i love him so . we are soul mates . there are some things i don't understand about him . he is very , very intelligent and very loyal and deep . when ... interesting ... thank you . i recently had a frustrating argument with a friend who is an entp and i think everything you're all mentioning here basically summed up what happened . susugam do you know what your enneagram type is ? you might be a 9 ... what do you relate to , theprophetlala ? and does it relate to your type at all ? i'm interested in this phenomenon ... what mbti is the person ? she says she's a four but doesn't exactly say an mbti type . agreed . ptsd is really related to a lot of tendencies that can trickle down through personality type . also think it's important to talk about how there are types who might not realize they are doing ... interesting video i just found about being an emotional sponge which a few different types , especially infj , might relate to . also talks about enneagram type 4 and 9 . thought of some of you who've ... a couple of people think i'm an enfp . i can see why they might think that if they've seen me in an unhealthy stage of my life . but it always surprises me when people think i'm an extravert ; i think ... this is what i mean . the objective principle doesn't go away ... this is how i am , too . this seems different from infp ... as i understand it , infp would be more likely to actually validate the other ... unicornrainbowlove : exactly . if that was the case , i would assume you meant something different or very specific by justice and i'd try to figure that out if you seemed serious . are you an ... i'm confused about why this matters . if people want to think they're a type and that helps them grow as a person , how is that harming other people ? built into the stated mbti ethics is an ... thanks for helping me understand this . i often find myself thinking--and actually saying--not everybody is entitled to their opinion . by which i mean , opinions should be substantiated with facts or ... interesting example ! see , to me , the justice thing just isn't true , end of story . it seems absurdly false to me ( obviously you were looking for an extreme example and don't actually believe that , ... this is what i was trying to get at--thank you . there's this thing about objectivity and subjectivity that i'm trying to figure out with infj / ps . it seems like they both can have really strong morals ... okay , so all these types are really different . if you learn more about it you will see that you can't really mistake yourself for a four if you're a seven , and vice versa . fours are the deep-sea ... thank you for these super interesting answers , everyone . can someone explain to me why it is that infjs would be more emotionally expressive in terms of body language , etc . , than infps ? does that ... fascinating food for thought , particularly re : opinions vs . truths . thank you . '