' i've dated an infp and an infj . our communication styles where drastically different . on a regular basis they would over think a simple statement i would make . their interpretation would be ... close ... 8w7 istp . to address the question , in an istps world , is it that personal gain is their only true moral no . things are fairly black and white for me . i know what's right and what's wrong . my personal gain ... ryosuke 93 , i had a similar idea . i purchased a few ' self help ' books thinking it would transform me into a fe type . i ended up realizing that on a basic level that isn't how i function . welcome ... nope ... even when i thought an so was ' the one ' , they weren't . how do you fit and differ from istp stereotypes ? i'm basically the stereotype of a female istp . also , have you grown up being misunderstood or feeling you don't fit in ? overall yes . my ... i use social media for my job . i don't think i'd have a facebook account , or other social media , other wise . yup , i meditate a lot . i began a few years ago and love it . do you have close friends ? i have two close friends . how did you get to know them on a personal level ? i met one at work , we bonded over a mutual hatred for other coworkers . then started taking ... hey perc , i can't remember if i ever posted an actual introduction for myself . i've been on perc since 2012 . i used to post a lot of cringe worthy post about crappy relationships i was in . now ... i get shit done . i don't slack off and i always meet my deadlines . i put in quality work and earn my pay . i cannot stand lazy coworkers or employees . no . i don't do this . i will however look at a object and analyze all it's parts until i have an understand of how it works . sometimes this only takes a few seconds , other time's i'll be consumed ... if he is an istp , he wouldn't waste that kind of time . sex and companionship are completely different in the eyes of an istp . if he has deemed you a friend that he has sex with that is all he will see you as . it sounds like the whole situation is a ... dear god , as an istp this is painful to read . he's having his cake and eating it too . i've noticed this behavior not only in myself but other istps . you opened yourself up in a way that he ... that's my cue to leave . if they won't meet me 50/50 it's no longer worth my time . f1 lover i see you . : wink : kristof from frozen has too many feelings to be an istp . i would also pin tinkerbell as a extrovert , regardless of her lack of talking . don't pre-determine what the date will be like before going on it . if you have chemistry through texting then it'll transition over in person . enjoy it . 1 . when you really like someone ( or in love with someone ) , how do you act around your object of affection ? i basically act the same . i may go out of my way to spend more time with them or talk to ... not really . i've only done it to make sure someone is who / what they say they are . i don't worry about getting into it beyond that point . i recently enjoyed a conversation i had where we discussed personality types . it was brief but it was an easily relatable topic . i think that is why i enjoyed it . if you have common ground that comes ... night owl naturally , lately a forced early bird due to work . that was what i was going to suggest . still do it . medical coding . you can work from home or in a office and all you to is input data . i think when ever my infp has given me advise or ideas on anything it's things i've already thought about . it's rarely an idea or perspective that is new for me . so i feel like i'm always a slight ... thanks for re-tagging me i hadn't seen this . i don't recall a time that my infp had presented and idea / ideas about a problem that didn't actually help or have anything to do with them . he will ... if i'm understanding the question correctly , yes i do occasionally . my infp used to focus on odd little parts of a problem rather than the whole situation . we resolved it by having the other one ... brain.exe has stopped working , reboot system to correct the problem . i don't notice his ne very much . the only times i've ever really noticed something is when he's trying to tell me how ' observant ' he is . obviously as an istp i find it a bit comical that he thinks he ... it was extremely difficult until we reached a point of understanding about it . we have to meet in the middle when it comes to his fi . he knows when i say that i don't understand situations or points ... me_ hi op , i can't help with the attracting part because i honestly have no clue . sustaining one is much easier . listen to their needs and have frequent mutual activities that ... i used it ironically once to share shitty comics i made about a video game with friends . 493778 booya ! i want a jeep wrangler and a small camper . definitely a wife . i'm working on my license now . i didn't consider it being an istp thing until this thread , i shouldn't be surprised . i got back together with an ex once . the initial breakup was fairly simple from my perspective . he was emotionally unstable due to life events so we broke up for him to have time to deal with ... pilot . which i'm currently pursuing . sex ? yes please . current projects ... 1 . building a website . 2 . co-producing a podcast . 3 . hand crafting an all wood headboard . 4 . building a gaming computer for the so . i came for the memes , leaving with so much more . space engineers is a lot of fun . it's one of those games i've only played twice but dumped hours into . i'd highly recommend it . i've wanted to check out subnautica after i watched a few youtube ... for the most part these are true but they come off as a bit ' over thought ' or even ' over complicated ' to me . thanks , i spend a lot of time on altis life . i've just started exploring different indie games , any suggestions ? i apparently need to get on cs : go i've heard this a lot from other gamers , not just istps . they ended up doing the reverse for me . i've made a lot of great friends through them . quote = splash s is that garry's mod i see in your library list ? [ / quote ] sure is , i got it during the winter sale . what does your steam library or gaming collection look like ? 4697944698 02469810469 818 i'm always up for more steam friends if you want to add me ... steam community :: victoriaaa you know you're an istp when the first thing someone confesses to you after getting to know you is , i thought you hated me for the longest time or i was so intimidated by you . after 11 months away from perc i hope you still feel the same ! '