' i can completely understand . i was in a long-distance relationship with my current boyfriend for months . it was draining for both of us because the only means of communication , really , was via skype ... i get what you mean about thinking too much . it's probably why i haven't been very active lately . also , new country , new life . :D anyway , welcome back . it's good to see you again . and ... we do ? i haven't noticed ... i recently found an old chat transcript with my isfp ex . the astonishing part is that we had two conversations running without either of us noticing . he was talking about his colleague's cookies and ... ahhh ... yet another conspiracy ... i'm not sure how much i've changed since high school . but having worked as a waitress for a few years during university days certainly helped me overcome my shyness . i'm now able to strike up a ... i got 10 . need to develop my fe , perhaps ? welcome to perc . : wink : i'm quite certain i'm a 5w6 , though i should take the test again just to be sure . i called an embassy once to inquire about visa application . not only did the guy on the other line not answer my question , he spent the next hour telling me about how the secret changed his life ... sounds exactly like my ex-boss . lasted slightly longer than you ... 9 months , but only because i couldn't find a new one fast enough . or boring . : crazy : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6omQ5JjjLsE i was just about to post that . there's something about them that just tires me out . * joins erudis * i was in a relationship with an esfj for three years . it , too , was ... interesting . yes , as perfect as an intj would be . : wink : what's useful ? : mellow : i know an entj guy in real life . just imagining myself with him is giving me a headache . :d ry : 6547:2203 what can i say ? i'm a random thanker . : wink : just give me and jesus a few hours to locate all your posts and thank them . : wink : * seriously considering thanking all critix's posts to help him ' get there ' * whoa ! my old thread resurrected . : laughing : update : we're actually closer now , thanks to teddy 564339 ' s advice and insights . he actually brought up that relationship in a conversation recently and ... it worked for me . but i've been too lazy to paint them and now i'm back to square one . yup . those are the ones that leave you with all the why's . i'm pretty good at playing dead except when it comes to my mom ... i don't consider myself particularly girly ; most days , it takes effort to even blow-dry my hair . but show me to an aisle of mascaras , and i'll lose my mind . wait , what ? are you serious ? i've bored some people out of suicide . i'm not sure if that qualifies as changing someone's life though . ask me how i feel and i'll most likely ramble on for hours without touching on the subject at all . i've given 6,435 thanks since i joined perc . does that mean i'm a serial thank-er ? * sorry for the useless post . i'm counting on people to find my avatar sexy * how did you decide the op was fi-dom ? : mellow : it's the same in britain . i lived there for a few years and a friend warned me about that . no one ever broke into my apartment . but should it happen , it would most likely go something like ... ... i have a degree in applied psychology and masters in business studies . i ended up in editorial at a local newspaper . i won't say it was my dream job , but i didn't have to work as many hours as most ... me too . now , i sound like a computer . :d ry : haha . yes actually . guess infjs have a way of pushing us to use our inferior function , which isn't a bad thing really . i'm slowly warming up to the idea of being a human . the operative word is ... well done , dude . : wink : congrats , girl : wink : whoa dude . 5,000 posts already ? ! ? i had a conversation with my nf boyfriend recently about how we would deal with suicidal people . he would ask , why do you want to kill yourself ? , while i would ask , how ? . * puts on armour * i'm ready ! are you sure ? hope you're a patient person . i'd like to be an infj for a day , just to experience the infamous ni-ti loop . i'd go straight to the crying . i'm lazy like that . sounds like the secret ... or who to serve it to ... : frustrating : * raises hand * my boyfriend is an infj . but the dynamics might be a little different though . i assume you're talking about intj ? it's not easy to get over a failed relationship . so , it's perfectly understandable that you've found a way to cope - by analysing every personality type in hopes of avoiding future heartache . i've ... this is exactly what happens when i hang out with my intj buddy . : crazy : '