' i always found him quite irritating . don't like his humor at all . it always seemed so forced . he irritates me in the same manner as jim carrey . as far as his type is concerned , i'd say ne-si ... going by sun sign is way too simplistic . introverts have their sun in the water houses , i . e . 4th , 8th and 12th . the 6th house sun also points more to an introvert ( jung , for example ) . moon in the ... i'm pretty sure about scott . yeah , with gaz it's a bit trickier but i don't know what else beside entj could fit . gaz entj scott esfp if i flirt with someone , it's because i really like the guy . i don't flirt with random people just to boost my ego , it's so meaningless . yet sometimes you fall for someone who is not available and ... i don't think it's an americanism but ignorance . the sentence doesn't even make sense without the negation . if one could care less , then this would mean that there is a degree of importance of the ... i'm surprised no one has mentioned lose and loose yet . i see this one very often . even people like beyonce or 50 cent used it in their songs ( single ladies , for example ) . what type is he ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_qfGt2ulyWU istp and infp ? ! where is cyamitide ... what about people with multiple personality disorders , disassociation ? maybe they indeed switch types . it would be interesting to see brain scans of those people . interesting . i think those differences are not such a problem in a friendship . in a romantic relationship i think those problems are most obvious during the courting phase . an infj likes to be ... out of all the types in relations of benefit the intp-infj combo seems one of the better ones . not necessarily always in a romantic sense but intps are mentally stimulating to infjs and what is even ... ladyd thank you for sharing ! this part stood out to me the most , it is one of the things i was trying to explain : it's not so much being objective as it is being an observer . having ni as dominant function is defaulting to observing most of the time . i'd expect an infj to be more interested in understanding ... in that particular dull thread the question was whether all infjs were dull . some people reacted this way : someone says infjs are dull > i am an infj > this hurt my feelings > i will attack op ... the other day i saw a thread here where the op asked whether infjs were dull and he got so many butthurt responses , one would think he had cussed out their entire family or something like that . i ... the madman doesn't sound bad . i would just substitute ' memories ' with ' impressions ' . i'm not sure if i'm the best person to decide whether someone else is an infj , ha ha . if a person doesn't pass my infj-eyes-test then i completely dismiss the possibility that they could be an ... ha ha , i'm like that too . my father taught me to play chess when i was about ten years old . he would always beat me but i would always play to the bitter end . i would always take a long time to make ... the opinions are split on this matter . lewis got penalized a lot of times that season and many thought the penalties were undeserved ( see the spa controversy ) and that fia was handing them to him in ... qft ! i also like to interrogate si doms , their reasoning for some things ranges from weird , mysterious to batshit crazy but in everyday life you wouldn't notice because they don't stick out and they ... but kimi , for example , is doing pretty well this season as far as tyre management is concerned . and look at the fights he had with schumacher last season , that was great overtaking . there is a lot ... pep = fp of some sort fergie = istp and again , i don't think mou is entj . just look at his overall approach , it's very etp . he is nowhere longer than 2-3 seasons . he has no interest in ... really ? he always seemed isf something to me . his driving style is aggressive but in interviews he is always politically correct , polite , soft spoken etc . he has the same vibe to him as michael ... i've seen slightly greenish / brown eyes in fe users but something tells me that green shades usually correlate with fi / te . the first one is probably xnfp , the second could very well be entj . the ... i think it depends on the different categories of fashion . i would bet that the haute couture magazines and shows are exclusive ixxp territory . the look is a mix of androgynous , miserable , ... alex is überhot ! :) and , honestly , he has that endearing xntp goofiness . what's the problem ? i don't think he is an entj . i don't even think he is a j . . what am i supposed to find ? post something specific . point out where jonathan expressed his values via te and contrast it to how an ixtp would go about the same topic . that would be more ... josé mourinho , also called the special one is one of the most successful managers and charismatic figures in the history of football and he is one of my favorite sports people ever . so i'm curious ... psychetype well , i usually agree with their ( or should i say your ) typings , except the one for adymus . was it in spite of what the pod'lair people did to you two or do you genuinely believe / firmly ... gotta love adymus ! so fierce ! : laughing : it is bad communication to an extent but that's not the biggest problem for me in dealing with estjs . i understand where they are coming from , it's just that i don't see much value in their ... that bold part alone should tell you that you are most likely a ne dom and not a fi dom . if you are an enfp then you are most stimulated by gathering information from the outside world and exploring ... i'd say entj but don't ask me why . bruce is the typical istp . technically inclined and likes spending most of his time alone working on some mechanical stuff . in the entire family he is the one who has the hardest time to socialize ... this ^ part is based on the premise that every person in each of the respective fields to be tested has been typed correctly . and there is no such method yet . there is no reliable method for ... open-mindedness , i'd say . it seems to be the source of all other good human qualities . the more one considers and is willing to consider , the humbler one gets . which puts a lot of things in ... extj . and i can't believe how much she resembles vicki from geordie shore . they talk the same way and have the same mannerisms . whatever type jesse is , vicki is the same . i truly believe that we are born with our type and i also believe that everything from type , physical appearance to persona is interconnected . the persona each person employs is still created within ... i thought for a while that my mom was an enfj but i am pretty sure now that she's an esfj . definitely a fe dom . http://ts4.mm.bing.net/th?id=H.4838625164198323&pid=15.1&H=160&W=106 http://ts4.mm.bing.net/th?id=H.4751007839225779&pid=15.1&H=160&W=130 it's funny how georg has always reminded me ... i went on astrotheme.com and found three celebrities born the same day as i , which means we all have the same natal chart aspects ( only the moon will vary a few degrees depending on the exact time of ... introverted appearing enfp . :) i wouldn't take weezy's lyrics to type him , after all he has stolen lines , even whole verses from other artists . this one ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kYpYB-PK_LM at interpersonality ( danielle durland ) they type william as enfp , harry as esfj , kate as estj , prince phillipe as esfj and the queen as istj . i'd agree on each one except harry . i'm not quite ... isfp , a lot of mainstream artists are . i can't see lil wayne being any other type but isfp . it's that laid back swagger , sort of miserable , i-don't-give-a-f * * * - attitude and the little quirks that come with this variation of the isfp . ... '