' you missed a good one : how many babies does it take to paint a wall ? depends how hard you throw them . come on over to the intj forum some time - i think you'll fit right in . ( with the possibble exception of your text-speaky lol ... ) strictly for lyrical content ( thought the songs don't suck either ): annie by our lady peace lithium by evanescence if i fall by tara mclean waiting for the tide by melanie doane at seventeen ... no , but i've been ready to murder one on many occasions , if that counts . books ! also , counted cross-stitch patterns , but not so much in the last few years . it's my only vaguely girly hobby , perhaps because it enables me to make neat pictures without actually having ... what the hell is the point of having a motto ? ( yeah , you guessed it , intj ... ) this always cracks me up , but no-one i know irl thinks it's funny . is it just me , or is it an intj thing ? sorry it's low-res . took the words right out of my mouth . oh yeah , yes , i frequently feel like telling people they are idiots , but have found that it is often counter-productive to do this , particularly in the workplace where it can be career suicide . the ... bionic , i always enjoy your posts and agree with most of what you write . the only thing that kept me from dropping out of undergrad was getting a summer job in a research lab - loved it , decided i ... you should probably add some smilies - the enfps seem to love them . like this , see ? : wink :: tongue :: wink :: tongue :: wink :: tongue :: wink : hello entjs , just stopped by from the intj forum to comment on this thread : never fear , you entjs are not at all boring . you are , however , a little bit scary , at least the two of you that i work ... um , yes , my whole life . the only place i truely feel that i belong i . e . where i am normal and fit in and am like other people is here on the intj forum . i realize this sounds pathetic , so i must ... i'm naturally right-handed , but like many people here , have worked in the past on becoming ambidextrous . it's learned , though , not inherent . it's my understanding that the root of the word sinister ... sorry , chris martin is just too whiney , out of tune and navel-gazing for my taste . the dandy warhols had a much better scientist song , and while the video is crap , the girl looks like she might be ... holden caulfield ? really ? maybe i need to re-read the book . meanwhile , i will pick dagny taggart from ayn rand's atlas shrugged - the book could be written about me . esfp - my sister is one & we are complete opposites . i find her horribly frustrating , not least because she is utterly unable to participate in ( what i would call ) a rational conversation - not that ... wow , i am friggin ' ancient at 29 ... personally , i think you should just be able to politely tell someone you're not interested in their topic , and then start a new topic . however , experience tells me that this is generally not a ... wtf ? ? ? please become more rational or leave the intj forum immediately . umm , i am unquestionably an intj , and i love dogs . methinks this invalidates your argument ? here are pics of my dog - i defy you to not like him .   ... i must concur - i do not fit any of these visual stereotypes of sharp-faced anime females with sleek , dark hair . i myself look somewhat like a wuzzle , which is why i am called wuzzlegirl . i'm stocky ... i had no idea i was cool until i came across this thread . and , hey , if it's on the internet , it must be true , right ? when i started my undergraduate degree , it was with the intention of dropping out at christmas ( i hate school ) or else majoring in history , english , linguistics or chemistry . i ended up with both ... intj pet thread : http://personalitycafe.com/intj-forum-scientists/19758-show-us-intj-pet.html direct link to world's cutest dog : http://personalitycafe.com/members/wuzzlegirl-albums-intj-pet.html ... i am an auditory learner . i hate malls , i do not like to do things step by ste unless that is the most efficient way to do them / duh , if you want someone to help you solve your problem , you ... there are so many interesting-sounding books here that i cannot possibly reply to all the posts . thank-you all for the information - i will be sure to try some of these in the future . same here . too much navel-gazing introspection and whinging . i guess if you like navel-gazing , it is a good book , but it wasn't my taste - on the bright side , it's pretty short , so you can soon move ... funny , the complete collection of sherlock holmes is also on my to-read list . i tried gravity's rainbow a few years ago and it remains one of only a few books that i never finished reading . i mean , ... is tamora pierce good ? i read a book of hers called alanna : the first adventure when i was a a kid & absolutely loved it . i didn't locate the subsequent books in the series until years later , and ... correct - humans make terrible pets . they whine and complain the whole time , continually try to escape from their cages , and report you to the police once they have broken free . i will , however , ... too bad indeed - he is non-negotiable . check out his picture in the intj pet thread & you'll see why . i will begin by acknowledging that i am quite blatantly ripping off the what are you listening to right now ? thread . that said , it seems to me that intjs tend to be voracious readers with a ... at this exact moment , i cannot stop playing camille de saint-saens sonata for violin in d minor , opus 75 - i ` ve been listening to it for 3 straight days now , and i absolutely love it . i must get the ... someone intelligent with a decent sense of humor who has a good sense of who he is , not a malleable twit who just goes with whatever flow is around him at the moment . kindness , honesty , integrity and ... i'm interested in a lot of different things , but primarily in understanding how things are and the underlying reasons that they are the way they are . my biggest interest is history , because it has ... oh , back to the poll : dogs all the way for me . i hate cats ( they are just so indifferent ) and i can't warm up to anything that shits in the house ( rodents , birds , etc ) . fish , meh , i guess they are ... a word of caution if you or anyone in your house has a musical inclination : siberian huskies love to howl along with stringed instruments ( violin , viola , cello ) and can do so for hours on end . while ... that goes double for me . 1 . puzzles ( jigsaw , wordsearch , logic , anything in a variety puzzles magazine ) 2 . stuffed animals ( bears , dogs , indeterminate species ) . 3 . lego . 4 . board games such as risk , hero quest , mental ... i want one too ! so , i voted for athiesm since it was the most accurate term available , except other , which in hindsight might have been a better choice . by which i mean to say that i do not believe in the ... err , yes , not to mention the avatar ... i apparantly am not a psychopath , earning a score of only 3 on that test ( i have never had long-term plans and goals & am slightly prone to boredom / require at ... i may not be different , but i'm definitely not the same . - william j . dybus believe nothing , no matter where you read it , or who said it - even if i have said it - unless it agrees with your ... umm , the first thing that springs to mind is that if you want people to post on your thread in an intj forum , you need a better title for it . we tend to prefer things that have a point , which hello ... couldn't agree with you more . if i am my natural intj self , i am frequently labelled unapproachable , rude , aloof , perpetually angry , stuck-up or a flat-out bitch , which has impacted me many times in ... intj , got 14 . ha ! i have met the posting requirement ! here's the link : global warming and climate change | cover story | chemical & engineering news another thing to consider is becoming a foster parent - most agencies allow you to choose between taking on short-term ( 15-60 day ) and long-term ( months or years ) placements . i many cases , a ... this question is not useful , relevant or intellectually stimulating , so why waste time and energy on it ? : wink : '