' i think the whole thing is pretty much a farce really - if one , or indeed all of them ( my mum dad and sister ) were to die tomorrow , i dont think i'd be affected at all , life would just go on exactly ... he could tell them that , but i think they would imagine he is joking some people revel in feelings ; i think they just ' enjoy ' feeling them for feeling them's sake ; they arent interestded in analysing why they feel something and changing it , they dont see the need to ... remember that relationships are always a two way street , but the only person we can change is ourselves you need to identify and deal with little negative things before they pile up and burst - ... dup post : see below i think it can be acceptable to say that sometimes but , it really depends on the circumstancel who you are talking to ; how well you know them , their expectations ; whether you care or not if they ... so , the really interesting thing about this thread for me is the op posted the exact same thread to a number of different types just check out all started threads by vixin and you will see that the ... so , the really interesting thing about this thread for me is the op posted the exact same thread to a number of different types just check out all started threads by vixin and you will see that the ... its the same hoop though often times when people say i'd best be going now they dont really mean it in the literal sense its just a polite ' get out clause ' which works for both parties its an ... older movies with strong women she may not have seen : leon ( wonderful ); the color purple ; the client ; the pelican brief also city of god is excellent and thought provoking although a bit gritty and ... a conversation doesnt have to end only when all talk has dried up and no one has anything more to say , sometimes it needs to end sooner than that esp if one person wants to keep it short and ... i actually sit next to an intj girl at work , i typed her within a couple of days based on just a few things we discussed in conversation , then i asked her and turns out i was right - we get on really ... i work with an entj boss and what drives me crazy about him is when he says to me , you're wrong , you're wrong , you're wrong , you're wrong , oh ... yes ... i do apologise , you're right this happens ... ni ni ni ni http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QTQfGd3G6dg we shall say ni if you dont appease us with a shrubbery lol no , not nuuu , ni apologies for the outrageous derailment , i couldnt help ... her start date is june 2011 , mine is obv before that , so how can i be the imposter ? ? ? it is very confusing when we are both making posts in the same thread , and i see someone quoting ariana and then ... i am just really pissed off right now that someone has just created a new profile with ' virutally ' my username and even an avatar pic that is kinda like mine ... grrr i would largely agree with you , however , interestingly i believe that the prime minister of great britain must always be church of england - one reason i think is because they are responsible for ... well yes i am more than aware how difficult it was for the ancient britons to move and erect the stones in the first place , but i am more interested in why you say that the romans moved the stones to ... well its hardly surprising really is it ; the only surprise to me is that so many people are still taking this load of of scaryfairytales seriously ; i mean ... jeez but what is the point of speaking at all if you dont care whether the people you are speaking to understand you ? is it your intention when speaking to baffle your audience and make them feel more ... the colosseum that is 931 miles away in rome ? ? ? i would be really interested to know exactly how and why they did that given the distance , the size and weight of the stonehenge blue stones ... you dont believe me or you just want to find out more ? ? ? lol ok either way these should satisfy your curiousity : http://www.elizabethan-era.org.uk/old-english-letters.htm ... the elizabethan alphabet only had 24 letters the letters u and v were the same letter , the v was the capitalised version of the u and the same for i and j , with j being the capitalised version of ... agreed i think she is a very clever lyricist , i wish she would write another album i dont think that it probably made any difference that you used a long word , 16 yr old boys are just stupid 16yr old boys with mentality of 5 yr olds and laugh at anything at all ( btw your story ... i didnt think that song was so dark or outragsous to be honest , i prefer this one ( warning if you dont like ' profanity ' you might want to skip listening to these ) ... sometimes its helpful to use ' simple words ' eg day to day words , if you are trying to convey a complex idea to someone who is new to it . ultimately , starting basic can save you time and frustration ... i was also frequently labelled precocious , it didnt help that although my reading age was really high , i was also very small for my age . your post reminded me of a time , when i think i was about 9 , ... i think the use of big words is ok , ( i love them , i am always in dictionaries ) and they are great tools for expressing yourself properly ( and for appearing intelligent to others if that is what you ... hey nice pic beth ! and ... your hair matches your cushion : tongue : in 1869 , emperor napoleaon iii of france offered a prize to anyone who could make a satisfactory substitute for butter , suitable for use by the army . hippolyte mege-mouries invented a substance he ... i hated atonement , one of the very very few books i've started and actually given up on ; i was so disappointed and the day came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom . anais nin this is one of my favourite quotes , and for me it says a lot about all the ... sure its important to have a relationship based on more than pure appearance , but what is wrong with wanting the ideal in both appearance and personality . again at the risk of being called shallow , ... but this is not so very diff than guys who are into blonde girls or skinny model girls with long legs or girls with huge boobs ? i am going to risk saying that men are just very aroused by visual ... this is a very thought provoking clip about former cricketer and broadcaster chris broad whose wife michelle had been diagnosed with motor neurone disease and committed suicide when he was in the ... yh the miracle of life / birth thing , i think its something you kinda have to experience for yourself to ' get it ' , i can understand people feeling the way you do too , and i did have my first baby when ... well u can say you dont believe , but can you live with the guilt that will be with you for all eternity when one of them dies and i for one , would not want to anger the all powerful queen of all the ... i have 4 children aged between 15 and 24 and a grandchild aged 5 lol i enjoyed being pregnant , apart from my last one , cos my third child was only 18mths old and it was very hard work and exhausing ... wow , way to stop a thread in its tracks , go me ! ! ! does no one want to complain i am forcing my belief on them ... i dont seem to be able to get past page 101 of this thread http://personalitycafe.com/intj-forum-scientists/3146-rarity-intj-women-new-post.html clicking on page 102 button or the last button ... but some people dont want others to judge them on their rl appearance , but rather on their words alone but perhaps you could use your own photo instead of that cute fluffy baby creature ? i think i need to reassess my life ... : unsure : work : fulltime hobbies : reading , jogging partnerships : a stupid man who is doing my head in right now due to his stupid fear of ... i am so glad you said this cos i was wondering the exact same thing and then wondering if i was stupid , then reminding myself i'm not , so wondering the exact same thing anyway , i too am very much a ... yes , and it did make me smile , but then , having been made aware of the dangers of smiling possibly leading to happiness , i instantly realised the gravity of the situation and thought i should ... so , not being a chemist of any kind , i googled solid ammonia and this is what i found : ~ when sensitized or during decomposition , may become unstable and / or explosive ~ may explode under conditions ... it can be whatever you want it to be , and you are quite right that it is most unstable well i'm not a photography expert , and i thnk sanskrit's comments were probably technically correct , but i thought it was a really lovely photo of you , you look very pretty in it , and if you think ... methinks we have special magical powers to dispell those pesky little mossie critters , ie we just give them the intj woman glare , and they flee into the night , behold , this is the power of the intj ... ah , then it sounds you are quite ' normal ' then , lucky you : cool : i think i wish i had more ' female ' qualities like empathy , otherwise people compare me to what they expect women to be like and find ... '