' i feel like house is an entp . my boyfriend is an istp . we've been together with only a few issues for several years . any type we fight is due to frustration with each other because we often debate ideas and don't understand we ... growing up i was raised mostly by my grandmother because my mom was an alcoholic whom was sporadically in and out of my life . i also have an underachieving younger sister . my grandmother has always ... i used to think he was intp , but now i think he's some sort of nf , not just because of lyrical material but because of values that seem to be represented in his work with tool and outside of tool as ... the air was porcelain . anxiously , i would wait for your lips to divide and reveal a sanctuary in your smile , exhaling my necessity . such parallels were paramount while the air parted from my ... you very well could be right , but i read several of pieces and watched nearly all of his interviews because he really is just incredible to watch ... but being significantly emotional could be a ... he is so intp ... in his writing , you can obviously see every idea splits off into a bunch of others . but even in conversation like in some of his interviews , his thoughts work just as similarly .  ... aenima by tool 24 postcards in full color by max richter houses of the holy by led zeppelin there's nothing wrong with love by built to spill the devil and god are raging inside me by ... i think it depends on what you're studying and your preferences . i think you should also remember to branch out even though its intimidating to start a new chapter . college feels so extreme and ... cory : enfj shawn : infp topanga : isfx eric : enfp ... i'm most sure of this one . minkus : istp feeny : intj angela : intj doesn't seem like ne to me ... seems more like someone trying to be random , rather than a seemingly random pattern i am such a fan of this book .. although it's simply written , there is a lot of snippets about self-discovery amongst the traits we don't realize we possess . i remember in the first three chapters ... it depends on your reasons for going to school . it depends on where you are when you're beginning school . it depends on your personality . it depends who you know and your resources . in all these ... german , israeli , and irish i remember being 16 and dating this 19 year old guy who told my then overzealous-with-a-vague-sense-optimism self , growing up will take everything you have . i dismissed this as dramatic negativity ... i wrote that awhile ago ... i've gotten to know not only more people , but more about personality typing since my judgment call on holden caulfield . so ... i'm not sure if i agree with my previous ... i was mistyped for about 2 years . when i first joined perc , i thought was infp type 4 as a result of an online test i found through googling when i was going through an emotional period of my life . ... linguistics and american sign language it also changes your 2d - 4d ratio i missed you all ... i'm fluent in asl , but it's not up there .. if i know what you're talking about ( which i think i do ! ) ... every so often , the thought will creep up on me where i realize i haven't hung out with anyone besides my very close friends in a ... yes , however , not openly . typically , if i feel the need to guard someone , i will use discretion along with a strategy . protecting those you care about it could apply to any person who has ever loved ... i would definitely think he was intp . again , this is speculation . but i find his ti to be prevalent through out the entire thing . edit : thing being infinite jest nts tsk tsk if anything , myers-briggs embodies jung's ideas using a systematic approach.when you say to me , is that to imply that it's your subjective view on her work and therefore is not factual or ... what you're describing is something i've been dealing with for as long as i can remember . i think at times in order to keep harmony , i've even let go of my inner drive . lately though , a spark went ... i'm not xntj , but i am infj and i definitely prefer chess to scrabble . i would assume this could be based on the ixxj strategy mindset . i relate to this a lot . i often find myself giving in to others needs while neglecting my own personal preference because it keeps the harmony in tact . an example of this would be when i am out and ... imagine all of the people in this world who could use a good psychiatrist and psychologist , but can't afford one ? if those people who are struggling with all sorts of trauma , the cycle is going to ... i thought you ran like a river through my depths . i got the signals confused , one might say , when i confused the grey of your eyes with the monochrome of the clouds above me . i guess , this could ... i am sometimes so moved by all your confessions . house of leaves by mark z danielewski infinite jest by david foster wallace madame bovary by gustave flaubert i captured the moment in my mind , but time hasn't elapsed enough for me to finger every crevice in my conscious . so i can only pray , when your hands meet me your smile is the focal point of my ... did we really just vent about something so similar ? coincidence ... hm my consciousness feels like it's melting lately and the harder i grip , the faster i notice it's falling through my fingers . at least i notice still . i'm not entirely a puddle . psychology major with a concentration in cognitive neuroscience ... i may be a little bit late , but i want in ! : happy : alas ... i am not as strong willed as you - . - i went to the club for the first time with my friends and drank for the first time in so long . it was latin night and i was taught how to salsa dance by some cholos ... ( is that a racist term = x ? ) ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GvgJEznqtms : cool : “ do not let your fire go out , spark by irreplaceable spark , in the hopeless swamps of the approximate , the not-quite , the not-yet , the not-at-all . do not let the hero in your soul perish , in lonely ... http://whi.s3.prod.lg1x8.simplecdn.net/images/2363805/tumblr_l2vs8wSzZM1qadsoqo1_500_large.jpg?1274811196 ghosts . in the spirit of jonny craig youtube - emarosa - broken vs the way we were born ( download link @ comment ) : tongue : youtube - bright eyes - haligh , haligh , a lie , haligh if it hadn't been for reaching the depths of sadness , i wouldn't be as compassionate as i am today . if it hadn't been for giving up and not feeling content with that decision , i wouldn't be driven ... could you be more specific ? i do know what you mean , but i don't know how to go about explaining how i deal with it in relation to you without a bit more detail . i love this answer . where are you going ? ! : tongue : you're not . making something that is complex concise can be difficult , so if you had to ... how would you ? '