' well dang , i'd sure like to know too . why thank you ! i used to be so nervous around him , but now it's kinda adorable reading my old high school thoughts on him . i'm glad it's recorded forever on personalitycafe lol . and wouldn't it be an even bigger plot twist if they end up engaged to be married ? haha . forreal though , i had a crush on him for years and i posted it about it on personalitycafe and now we plan on ... haha well ... there could be the possibility that this thread was over a year ago , and said intj makes so much more sense to this girl now and is not worried about whether or not her petty crush is ... awww ... that's me . exactly . this is exactly my thought process about 100 % of the time i'm around someone i'm rather fond of . i hate that feeling of ... i like the idea of that . you should schedule something . lawwwl , that's the thread i started ! this whole thread is making me feel so happy and loved . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8s8YK4R5qa0 this is the most peaceful song i've ever heard . i've always felt the exact same way about changing the world ! ! it's like a fact to me , i know i will . i'm just not sure how . there's no way i could ever cope with passing into non-existence like ... i don't fucking get esfp's . oh my god . i have no idea what motivates those guys to be so intruding or attention-seeking . well , this holds true for the one i know ... i am kind of bossy and protective around my infp best friend , come to think of it . it's mostly because i know how easily her feelings are hurt , so i try and protect her from that hurt at all costs ... said intj is now trying to call me . oh jeez , i want to talk to him , but i'm terrified . i'm literally shaking at the thought of social contact . he was acting really weird today , and i got a vibe that ... he's never announced something and denied explanation to me before . that's why i was so confused . we always talk about our dreams with each other , it's something that deeply fascinated us both . we ... he's not exactly shy , but he definitely likes the company of himself . i don't know why this would apply at school , though . he's surrounded by people . he keeps his head down and speeds up , almost like he's avoiding me . i really just like acknowledgement in some form , it doesn't really matter which one . i really have no idea why he does this . he's ... i've liked an intj for quite a while now , and we've become really great friends . i can't help but feel like we'd be so compatible for each other . we have similar interests , similar music tastes , ... it's really a complicated story , with a lot of personal motives involved . trust me though , most people would do the same in my position . you know you're an intp when you're having friend trouble and you wish you could write up and have your friends sign official contracts terminating your friendship / relationship . god , it ... herpy da doo da , herpy da day . my , oh my , what a wonderful day . plenty of derps ' n , herps comin ' my way , herpy da doo dah , derpy da day . i believe the idea of love at first sight is completely and totally ridiculous . love takes a deep mental connection that you obtain from getting to know the person . you can have an extremely strong ... when are you truly happy ? what are you doing ? please describe the scene that is around you . i am truly happy when i am at peace with my music and the world , when i am completely free the think and ... if i'm confident in what i'm speaking , then i'm only a little bit nervous . usually i'm horribly terrified , clam up , and get sick though . : the first one most definitely . i'd rather be remembered for something great than be remembered by a few loved ones . it makes a bigger impact on the whole . really though , no matter how many people ... self-taught pianist and guitarist here . i'm in music theory now , and it's pretty fascinating . still can't read notes for shit , though . i can , however , play by ear and am quite good at it . hmmm , i have this problem myself . nine times out of ten i test as intp , but this doesn't stop me from wondering . my enfp friend thinks i'm actually an entp , but i challenge her theory by telling her ... pottermore says i'm a ravenclaw . i am pleased with this result . i've always been curious ... what do you all think of intp's ? do you get along splendidly with them ? do you feel like they admire you ? please , tell me every little observation and thought . my mother has always been extremely appalled with my rude behavior towards her and others . she says it will eventually drive away everyone i love . all i really do is just speak my mind . i ... my head is unusually large , but i'm an intp . my cousin entp's head is also unusually large , so i just voted for him . meh , i usually score at the end of the right-brain spectrum . it was nice to read about what each individual score meant . left brain : 42 % right brain : 58 % i was strongly enticed by the idea of being a vegetarian , and tried it out for a week and a half . it wasn't temptation that brought me back to the dark side , i just realized i didn't really have ... i had one for a number of years , but i haven't seen her in over a year . granted , this was only because my parents had a rather nasty divorce and the court deemed it necessary . i've been teaching myself new piano songs whenever inspiration to do so strikes me . this isn't really new though , i've been doing it for quite a while . i guess you could say i'm only starting to ... i absolutely adore singing , although i don't think the personality types have too much of a connection with whether or not you like to sing . i think it's mostly about musical ability , and i'm not ... i love it . i actually have a serial killer encyclopedia that i would carry around with me in sixth grade . granted , i earned myself quite a few dirty looks , but it was such a fascinating book . there are two kinds of people in this world : those who can extrapolate from incomplete data you sound a lot like me . i've always been on the brink about which type i am . i've decided i'm an introvert because i can't spend more than 20 hours with someone without being completely exhausted ... my mom is an infp , but she's totally blunt . she doesn't really care about hurting feelings too much , but is very easily offended . despite that , she fits just about all of this . she loves science and ... for some reason i just lovelovelovelove entp's so much ! they're smart , funny , and just fun . i love being around them and just soaking up their information on random topics . i say this despite the ... i absolutely must start a musical revolution . that is all i know . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LQEgZNqa8jE ' nuff said . i saw this elsewhere , but i'm curious as to what drives you people insane . why do you have so many unnecessary smiling emoticons ... ? it's creepy . the other day i was contemplating the possible validity of inception when i walked into a door and was forcibly flung back because the straps on my backpack had become hooked . as i stuttered an ... you know you're an intp when you sign up for ap world history and have it all freshman year only to end up failing because you wouldn't ( couldn't ? ) do all of the work . it's not that it was hard , you ... just talk to your friends about intellectual topics around that quirky quiet girl in your class so that she overhears . it gets my attention every time . an enfp would tell you , from my experience . xd i've always been quite partial to number 7 . i agree with the unusually attractive thing . i've met three other intp's , ( all male ) and i find two very attractive . the other one is my brother , so of course i don't find him like that . xd he's not ... i liked and joined just about everything to do with intp's on facebook , and even joined / liked some that were about entp's . entp's are just so damn funny and interesting ... '