' i used to hate talking on the phone and was rather anxious about it . but i found the cure : i work in a call centre ( inbound ! ) since july this year . and i never had a problem with the phone since ... i second that . i don't want to sound elitist or something , but i couldn't imagine learning the violin all by myself . with other instruments it seems possible ( guitar / ukulele for example or harmonica ... i want to be an instrument maker , especially of violins . i could even study it at an university . music instruments are , for me , the most important invention of humanity . i couldn't imagine a more ... most happy : to be alive ! i am so glad to be alive ! seriously , i am an infp who just recently cried in awe before the beauty and wonders of life . i am alive . and what a wonder that is ! even suffering ... thanks for the link . sounds pretty much like my view . : wink : i think , any step in that direction is good . so yes , if we have to go through a form of large-scale socialism that isn't totalitarian we ... maybe i am missing something , where did he write about running away from his problems ? actually , living in a commune would be a sensible response . it shows the people in the future that there are ... i know of two really great books concerning this topic : the moneyless manifesto ( which can be legally read for free ! ) - the author actually lives completely or almost without any money . and how ... yes of course it does , but so does socialism ( at least no attempt to establish socialism was free of totalitarianism ) . if you get that working without some state or politicians fucking things up it ... i wouldn't count on that . industrialization also was intended to give us shorter working hours , since machines are taking our workload . but the opposite happened and we became more and more like the ... of the light socialism is the other side of the same coin as capitalism . i say toss that coin , which is work , into a well and wish for an - ism that isn't focused on work but on living well . ... simply amazing ! and true . melancholy is a part of me i wouldn't miss for any money or whatnot . i once thought it was depression and has to be cured , but no . but of course it shouldn't get out ... anarchism ! : now don't make me question my choice . : tongue : actually some women like beards and some don't . ( and some like babyfaces . ) c'est la vie . if i listened to everyone's opinion , neglecting ... you are welcome . i probably could go on and on about this . but you know what ? that doesn't do much to fix it . it raises some awareness here and there , but that's it . it is likely that i will talk ... charl d . source . i think it is fine for this thread , since your post made me quite happy . :) for some time i was sincerely pissed because every meter of land , be it arable or other , seems to be owed by companies or by state ( and the state even owns the land that is in private ownership , ... i believe you don't find love and maybe you don't even find a task in life . love is something you do to and for yourself and than to / for others . so , first , be more loving to yourself ... can relate . everyone guesses me younger than i am ( i'm 26 ) . a fellow student once guessed that i'm 20 or younger ... once an older woman and her child drove by with their bikes and she told her son to ... i think i am pretty self-loving right now . it isn't always like that , though . it is somewhat easy to love myself . just do something good for me . for me this is meditating , playing violin / ukulele , ... i'm 26 , now . early 20 ' s i had my melt down and questioned my existence , since then it is years and years of ' finding ' my way of life and restructuring myself . i declined a job offer and went back ... sei gegrüßt flo . have you contacted the kassenärztliche vereinigung of your federal state ? they have lists of therapists who are currently free or have a short waiting list . i contacted my kv ... thank you ! i was looking for nutrients of eggs but couldn't find it . two to four eggs a day sounds a bit much for me , practically . even as a former omnivore and someone who liked eggs i ... lost count when i started , but must be almost two years ago , when i became vegetarian . that was an easy transition as i never really ate much meat and never ate fish . going for vegan was ( and is ) a ... i wrote a classmate some relatively simple emails and he later said man ... you can write ! ( in german , though , so don't judge me on my english : tongue :) . at school i had very good grades in german ... bought an ukulele yesterday . my fingers hurt like hell ( even though i play violin for two years ) but i can't stop playing . :) i love you : unsure : would just need around 10-30 . 000 ( maybe even just a 1000 , depending on what house to build ) to build a low-cost zero-energy house large enough to keep some books ( from donations ? ) and offer some ... i only know of the donald duck anti-nazi film . ( search youtube for der fuehrer's face ; der by the way is the wrong article , it should be das ) i was bad at maths till my 10th grade . years later i went back to school to get my abitur ( which are another three years , in my case ) . that years i was best in class and best in maths with a straight ... i guess philosophical , even though i recently found my love for music . 1 ) what is your current profession / career / job ? unemployed but i am trained as a software developer . 2 ) on a scale of 1 - ... as for the facts : money is just pieces of paper or different round metals with numbers and little pictures printed on ( or for worse : 1s and 0s in some computers ) and money is a meme . this are the ... in 3rd grade i set a goal which stuck for maybe 10 years . than i had a major crisis , deep depression , feelings of emptiness as i questioned and finally abandoned that goal . i for myself have ... i never described myself as a feminist ( and i probably never will ) . although i have been ' accused ' ( actually i was called brainwashed ) to be one on the internet . * how long have you been single ? 26 years ( which also is my age ... ) * are you choosing to be single ? sometimes yes , sometimes no . currently no . * how do you feel about being single ? at first ... âx80x98the fallacy of decreasing global povertyâx 80x99 according to lehmann the dollar loses worth , therefore the definition of poverty at $ 1.25 seems rather unappealing . also i don't know if i can trust ... that is true . regardless whom you are talking to . poverty is the worst form of violence . ( gandhi ) and as the gap between rich and poor is - according to media coverage or ' common ' sense - getting bigger by the minute i would rather deny your ... : i believe you have understood what my question is ( or was ) . and i think you may very likely be right in that i over analyse this . and this question may seem very stupid but that is ... & : i am trying to get more into contact with my intuition . i am more or less an active meditator . : i also like that quote . thanks for sharing . romvesen : this ... : i can understand what you say and it likely is very true . but as always with matters of truth it is only part of it . of course there is an evolutionary explanation for everything we do ... i really thank you all for replying . : my intuition is a funny thing if it tells me what to do without explanation . : tongue : maybe i am just afraid to be hurt or to waste my energy again ... thanks for your reply :) i am kind of certain that it is worth it . i once had a friend that i loved like a brother ( i would have given my life if i had to save his ) , so deep down i know it is ... hey there ! i am very deep in hermit mode right now . a few months ago i had the chance to befriend a lot of people , given the setting , but i had no interest in that . i still have no friends right ... i want to throw in the books your money or your life and the richest man in babylon as they really helped me with my mindset about money . money on itself has only the meaning of life-energy : ... i like maths and physics to the point of going to university and studying maths first then switching to physics later . but i seem to be unable to grasp structured learning . it is like my first ... well , isn't this entire site build on stereotypes ? the mbti , enneagram and even the big 5 ( i suppose ) are all about ' stereotypes ' . if i remember correctly jung said that typing isn't about pushing ... just to be sure : you don't want to say that light years are a value of time ? ( because it isn't ) and just to be even more sure : trillions of light years is metaphorical right ? ( because the size ... i can relate a lot . i once pursued a path for almost my entire life ( which means like 15 years or something ) to see no use to it in the end . i ' quitted ' my promising beginning career and went ... ich liebe meine muttersprache - die sprache goethes , hesses , heines , freuds , jungs , frankls und vieler anderer . but strangely i'm reading in and listening to english more often . must be because the ... [ german and member of the eu ] i am not against ' conservative ' morals but i am strictly against any conservative party here in germany . pseudo-conservatives like the christian democratic union ... '