' i got a 33 on the act 35 in reading 34 in english 32 in science 31 in math i was surprised that math was my lowest score , because math is by far my best subject in school . i blame the fact ... i'd like someone who is creative , whether that means they're artistic or just think creatively . this person would have to be introverted like me , but friendlier and more compassionate than i am ... i met my best friend on a forum online about five years ago . i don't remember exactly how we started talking , but then again pretty much all of 2008 is a blur to me . he's an infp . 1984 by george orwell anthem by ayn rand the picture of dorian gray by oscar wilde i'm generally nice to people , at least i think so . people still accuse me of being standoffish and short with them , but hey , i try my best . i personally don't see the appeal of it and find it kind of annoying . 3/10 . aaand i'm an intj . i'm nice to people because it makes things simpler . it's easier to accomplish what i need to accomplish when i don't have to work around people who are pissed at me . i guess you could say it's more a ... i'm wittiest around close friends or when i'm doing something interesting , like taking part in a discussion in a class i enjoy . i'm not too huge of a video game fan , though i must admit i really loved the walking dead ( the one by telltale ; i haven't played the first person shooter yet ) . left 4 dead 2 and dead island are ... i have an equal amount of nt and nf friends , though i would say for the most part i'm closer to my nf friends . it depends on the scenario . i'm more comfortable speaking in front of larger crowds than i am in small group conversation , and i'm more comfortable if i don't know the people . and i wouldn't say i ... i'm seconding ( er , thirding ) the walking dead . i'm an intj and i cried . i've also heard that heavy rain is an emotional roller coaster of a game , though i've never personally played it . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K4Qp1TEKswQ i'm 17 and i'm not entirely sure what my iq is . i was tested when i was younger and my mom says it's in the upper 140 ' s but refuses to divulge any more information sooo yeah . make of that what you ... i'm pro-choice . if someone doesn't want a kid , she shouldn't be forced to have one . i know i wouldn't want a kid forced on me unless i was ready . i have the exact same problem . calculus and government i'm terrible at chess . i mean , i never play , but still . i suck . i played it all the time as a kid and was actually pretty good , but then i grew up and lost interest . i have a facebook and i only use it to keep in touch with friends in a way that does not require texting ( which i don't do ) or talking on the phone . i post about one status a month--if even that--and ... i have an infp friend who hangs around me enough to be considered a sibling . we get along pretty well . we have long-winded conversations about pretty much everything and obsess over the same things ... i have a pretty close friend who's an enfj . sometimes it's hard to talk to her , because she has so many friends that she gets distracted by her other friends , who constantly tweet her and text her , ... i'm a pretty obnoxiously competitive person . i'm not sure exactly how i would do this , but i'd make education more individualized , so kids could work at their own pace . kind of like online school , where students could watch lectures online , but ... i usually have an idea of what i'm going to wear before i get to my closet . if not , it takes me a while , because i like everything to match and coordinate well . i also have certain jeans i wear on ... i'm terrible at small talk . mostly because it's so boring , and also because i never know how to reply to some of these things . for example , someone says , wow , it's really snowing out there , isn't ... my best friend is an infp and we met on the internet about ... five years ago ? i'm pretty great in english . i'm not so great at reading comprehension ( i consistently bomb every reading quick check , even when i actually read the writing , which is rare ) but i ace everything ... 1 . happy are you ? 4 2 . socially skilled are you ? 2 3 . lazy are you ? 7 my first dream job was a doctor , though that was mostly because my stepfather was a doctor . and because , even though i was only six , i was kind of obsessed with er . after that , i was obsessed with ... i never really thought my family members were infallible . i stopped believing in santa around 9 , which is apparently pretty old ? i was an only child until 10 so it wasn't like there was anyone ... no one in my family really understands me . i come from a family full of extroverted feelers , excluding my brother , who's definitely some sort of introvert , but because he's seven i can't really tell ... being 16 , i haven't thought much about my future wedding , but i definitely know i don't want some over-the-top wedding . honestly , i'd probably be just as happy getting married at some trashy ... green , gold , orange , blue . interesting . i'm not an engineer yet , but when i go to college i plan on majoring in software engineering . my best friends is an infp , and i also have close friends who are enfj , intj , and intp . and in my experience i get along poorly with esfp's and esfj's . i've never met one i've meshed well with . i hate talking on the phone , and i'm not quite sure why . ever since i was little i've had this unconquerable aversion to talking on the phone . i can make a phone call when it's absolutely necessary , ... i'm an intj , though i've been told i come off as an infp to people i don't know very well . i've also been mistyped as intp or istj once or twice . oh yeah . this fits me as a child almost perfectly . would you ever adopt a child ? honestly , i'd rather adopt a child than give birth to one . my spawn would probably be assholes . would you ever cheat on your partner ? eh , never say never . i probably ... i cry when i feel inadequate or powerless . that's what i get for being an overly controlling perfectionist , i guess . software engineering and artificial intelligence . psychology sounds intriguing too , but considering my lack of people skills , i'm going to have to pass that up . my infp friend is an atheist . i know a few other nf's who are atheists , too , or are at least agnostics . i'm not usually insulted by being told to calm down ( thought i can be ) , but i too tend to get irrationally upset when people feel the need to constantly repeat instructions to me . i don't watch much tv , however i do really enjoy house and the walking dead . i was exactly three weeks early , and i'm fairly intelligent . i'd find it attractive , though that's mainly because i'm an aspiring software engineer , and i find nothing more attractive than someone who shares my interests . nope . i'm too klutzy . i played softball and tennis in middle school and made a fool out of myself in both sports , and after all the humiliation that resulted from that , i decided enough was enough . i plan on being a software engineering major with a psychology and / or mathematics minor . i wish my prospective college had an english or creative writing minor , but alas , i'm out of luck . my dream ... i've been told i have a lot in common with people with asperger's , so i wouldn't be opposed to that at all . as for someone with bipolar , it would all depend on how severe the person's case is and if ... i've taken this test a few times before . never scored higher than ... a 9 , i think ? ah well . who needs empathy , anyway ? '