' joe santagato - entp enfj or entp ? i'm not too sure of his type yet you know you're not infj if heavy fi doesn't make you want to violently bang your head against a wall lol you know you're not infj if you don't naturally and helplessly just feel compassion for ... yeah , according to the book she's a ixtp . i could relate to the movie character a lot . coming into a world where se is so prominent and becoming incredibly self conscious , feeling like the weakest ... tris - infj ( most of shailene woodleys characters are infx ) four - istp macklemore lookalike - estj christina - esxp kate winslets character - entj i've never read the books . but these are the ... her music is very infx after watching one interview , i'm gonna assume ... istp i can see those fi eyes cressida comes across as an enfp 3w4 or 4w3 . hence the bohemian clothing , being seen at multiple music festival and her love of scrunchies lol harry's ex chelsy davy was an esfp 7w6 maybe it's ... i guess i just have a hard time taking in the fact that she's a 21 year old with the mind of 15 year old and the living / school / work conditions of a 18 year old . it ok , call me a bitch . i know i'm ... wanted traits - non judgemental / understanding - smart - modest - independent - logical turn off traits - insecurity - immature jealousy she's 21 . let's just say she's not as emotionally or mentally mature as some would expect 20 - something year olds . but i have faith in her , she'll get there some day . as an fe user , i understand fi and sympathize with it but i don't necessarily agree with it . i find it annoying when people put their emotions first or are insensitive towards other peoples emotions ... i never saw it as daddy issues . i always saw it as her being too nice but with a hidden agenda . that part never bothered me until other people brought it up . it was kinda like , yeah , you're right . it was the fact that she made me listen to all her hardships but i could never get in a word ... that part never bothered me until emotionally slutty infp friend ( that's needs a good punch in the face imho lol ) she's not an actual slut , she just has the tendency to throw her feelings at every male who decides to give her the ... she's not an actual slut , she just has the tendency to throw her feelings at every male who decides to give her the time of day . and as a cold hearted infj , it just irritates the fuck out of me lol ... wow doesn't sound like a very healthy infj . isn't angelina an introvert too ? maybe it's because jennifer was an sj lol i haven't thought about it much but i'd say entp i never understood why she got so much hate . it annoys me when people use her dads richness against her , it's fucking stupid and immature . i do think she puts on an act but what artist trying to ... i think derek is istp . i've just started watching teen wolf but is derek supposed to be such an asshole ? the way he treats basically everyone on the show is pretty shitty ... dear istp thanks for being the only person in the world who indulges in the same activity as me : doing dumb shit sincerely infj its the other way around . istp is supposedly istj in socionics . so your dual is the enfj . the last letter only changes only for introverts ixfp 4w3 because they want others to see them as they seem themselves . my infp friend sees herself as unique , special , different , talented ... so she kinda enforces those ideals on others and a lot of people ... i like them . only type that doesn't feel the need to comment on my infj stare like i'm some sort of zoo animal . i feel at ease in their presence , which is a huge plus . they don't demand too much ... carmelo anthony seems pretty introverted to me and russell westbrook is not an istp . dear istp you amaze me by being one of the few people who don't buy into my xnfp's fake dramatics and desperate need for attention . since the rest of the human population seem to fall at her feet ... that's usually what fe dom teachers do . i had an esfj politics teacher who was just like that . example : the whole class took a test . she decides to do the whole peer test correct thing ... we expect ... no . he's a male . dear istps thanks for being the only type ( so far ) that isn't intimidated , offended , or curious about my infj stare . i mean you got a pretty intense stare yourself but thanks for not being a pest ... istps develop a secret crush on me and when i find out i'm just like , what ? meee ? ? ! ! ! nooo ! ! ! but he never speaks to me . lol they're so good at hiding it . i'm use to dudes who are like : ... katherine - infj vincent - istp heather - enfx nina - extj tj - ? ? ? dear istp , good god do i have the hots of hots for you ... if you only knew the clusterfuck of a situation i've been in . your friend told me that you had ... expressed your attraction to me but it ... some sort of isxx ? lol that reminds me of time when an enfp boy wanted to talk to me on the phone at 11 o'clock pm . i was like , wtf ? i am not gonna have a phone convo this late in the night especially when i hate ... lol i was gonna post that then i read yours . i don't care too much what her type is , because she's gonna that type look bad anyways . this yolo persona that she's got going is stupid , especially her ... an istp is like blake griffin . rose started crying when he was talking about his childhood in the ghetto . an istp would avoid talking about such things much less using it as a selling point in their ... i always thought some sort of isfx . dear esfp the slightest mistake according to an esfp could be a big deal or the last straw to an infj . being an infj , because we're nice people , others think they can take advantage of us , ... i always thought diana was infj maybe she's infp . i saw more fe than fi . william is probably a phobic 6w5 isfj , kate is 2w1 isfj and harry is of course estp omg this show is horrid and unbearable . they make sports journalism look like a joke . the whole network in general makes me question their quality of work . i was once watching sportcenter and they ... entj ? no wonder she's got that basketball player by the balls haha i know an infp . here's what irks me about her : 1 . loves it when people feel sorry for her . woe is me is her life motto . today she whined to me about being sick every 5 minutes . when i was as sick ... i thought she was an english major ? 1 . i don't lol i hate that about me . because i don't trust people it makes me all nervous and i get all frantic an shit . i think it was a series of events , people not showing up when they said they ... there's a theory that infjs make estps nicer and more tolerable lol if i had to choose between an infj and an estp , i'd pick the estp . for some reason i like being with people that are different ... to the poster above me : if you're gonna ask a question like that then i have no idea why you're in this part of personality cafe.guess the type is all about asking about hollywood personalities and ... infp ? '