' good evening fellow entjs . i wanted to tell you of strange things that are going on in my life for some months now , which i normally wouldn't as i'd consider it an absolute waste of time , but i ... but i don't want a relationship discussion . we can't just stuff every discussion into the same threat just because they slightly share a little point . opinions on the usefullness of love , i don't ... i know that there are a few topics already being discussed about romance and matching with other types , but i don't tend to focus on that right now . rather your serious opinion about love and its ... that pretty much is the way i'm thinking . it's mostly my emotional side that unfortunately tries to make me act . the betrayal i'm talking about really did come from people i've put a lot of trust in , ... something i've lately thought a lot about is how you guys deal with people that you share a negative history with . this doesn't have to be something traumatizing . let's take as example a friend you ... the argument here has never been what should be done about this or that . [ / quote ] i'd say the previous comment referred way more to the negative aspects of a completely deontological worldview ... i don't think there's something like evil , only what one individual person might see as such based on their own morals , maybe even what an entire society describes as such . there's good and evil in ... you know you're an infj when the entj of your group project gets overly frustrated by your lack of rationality and non-stop talking about the bigger purpose of every aspect of the project ? ... the idea of love scares me off , it causes only problems and is a waste of energy and the worst , i couldn't even change it . it'd make me irrational and stupid just for nothing , if avoidable , it will ... i'm doing some sort of eh ... research ... you know , what i need are phone numbers and eh ... adresses . and we should also meet in person so i can hold the interview . you know . for the . research ... i've read it , good book , i just don't really see a reference at first sight . i wouldn't really compare the civilized world to heaven nor would i compare the reservations of the book to hell ... since i'm very interested into social human behavior in general and history i also take big interest in any kind of religion and its connection to society . knowing all those mythological stories , ... now i see it above , nagging is something that drives me crazy as well . but the biggest disrespect someone could possibly come up with , on first meetings for example , are touches that go beyond ... in certain situations astrology does give a perfect description of one's state , while in the other 50 % of situations it's literally not even close to reality . we're talking about millions of people ... first impressions indeed are important , at least for me , they determine a person's usefulness , yet i wouldn't say the first impression is all that counts . i'm just a very distrusful person so i ... alright , i'll go and hide now only if they do it without making high pitched noises . otherwise i'd appreciate them showing their affection for me through obeisance . :) that'll do . i can relate to every thought of yours . i guess small touches of someone i'd love might be great , but random people hugging me or kissing me on the cheeks ... that's just not acceptable . i sort of ... i took it anyway but honestly , i took it a couple of times over the past days and i always get something different , this only depends on how i feel . 9physical touch 8quality time 8words of ... am i the only one thinking those love languages don't make any sense at all ? ? i don't get it , the questions are just stupid or it's just me being strange . just too put in my twopenn'orth ... first of all , how is it possible to get into that situation ? two guys ? we're the same age and i am trying hard to always look my best and be open-minded , i even try ... whenever i told my friend that she can't change the world from the inside of her house she gave me that look of utter pain . or that big words have no effect if no one hears them . forgive me to ... no i've never tried it , but what i've just read on wikipedia , i think i'd like it ! as long as it's not some fruity , overly sweet thing it's perfect ... i have a couply of real fruit teas from england ... tea would be really nice ... earl grey ? there you got my source of happiness , chocolate cake and earl grey . little milk . some lemon . it's passed midnight and now i'm hungry just because of you . i ... come on people everyone cried at up . at least almost . it was very , very sad okay don't look at me . i need one enfp like you in my life to cheer up from time to time ... i'll do all the boring ... i got the problem too that i start smiling randomly , more smirking at people , especially during arguments . some may take it really offensive , an old infj friend of mine did , slapped me ( very softly ... i don't , that's the point , it's mostly others telling me i'm supposed to . yet i don't think it's anyone else's problem , it's mine and i'm fine like that . well at least i think so , my family ... right . fun fact : i would most likely what the opposite of prince charming . yes , i see what you mean . i guess i'm , when talking to strangers especially , pretty distanced . i'm very ... yes , you are right . oh no , i understand , but making it happen is another thing . i enjoy nothing more than getting things done efficiently , but changing myself is tough . sometimes even ... i meant there may be more to discuss , it'd be a topic an infj might be more interested in instead of politics . well on the other hand i'd say humility is something completely useless and there ... i think everyone knows how the world works in a way and also everyone knows how it should work , these are all just versions our brains make up considering our knowledge and general our life , ... let's say politics was a bad example ... what about morals ? what if the conversation was started by the infj and all they wanted to discuss were morals and habits , things like this . i'd have it harder ... well thank you for your answer ... this reminds me of a conversation i've had several times with an infj , i fear we differ especially when it comes to morals . the friend i'm thinking of right now ... you love feelings , wouldn't ever have guessed that indeed . you making choices based on your heart rather than your logic is nothing that makes me run away , yet in my case it seems to work the other ... i also stated in the same comment , that it was an addiction according to me . i did it so often back then that my brain couldn't relax anymore , i was constantly thinking about forming sentences out of ... concerning my addiction to writing or me not being capable of enjoying music in peace or me wanting to take care of those few i love ? but no , i've never been diagnosed with something like this and i ... infjs ... do you ever pretend do have the other's person opinion just to make them stop talking ? i came accross this and as strange as it may sound , it hurts , it hurts because it's stupid and ... i mostly keep my feelings for myself but here i don't really care . none of you knows me for real and the only thing that could happen here is that you actually say something i need to hear , but in ... i'm really obsessed with writing , it was so bad for some time today i'd call it an addiction . i couldn't even eat or sleep , everything was translated into sentences in my head , english , german , even ... i tend to tell the infjs i know stop talking about my feelings and stop telling me how i feel . a lot and it really seems to hurt them ? is it so hard to let people have their private thoughts ? i ... during the past weeks a lot of problems from my childhood came up again , making me way more easily hurt than any other time , plus a friend of mine completely left me behind . i don't really trust many ... you are who and what you are , neither more nor less makes me just angry , it's literally preventing people from improving themselves , learning , growing . to make myself a little clearer , it's not primarily about how people dress now you mention that and i can see in my own comment that i stated that , i should have been more specific . i indeed care a ... i would love to personally know one of you . from everything i could read so far you seam like great people . maybe a little hard to get along with me but that'd depend on the person , not the type ... oh i know all of that , but how do i act like a woman , that'd be a great start * hiding * i'm trying hard to look my best , love deeper conversations , also can just be comfortable by not doing anything , ... i very often dislike the heroes in movies and series simply because of their feeling side , they lack intellect and competence , yet they always win . i'd change everything . i'd start by giving myself unlimited power . my parents tell me very often that i am unbearable and annoying because i can't stop talking about anything and that i care about too much . they consider me as a stupid person that doesn't understand ... i for example consider it more than rude if someone asks constantly about my feelings . that's something that belongs to me and me alone , if i have any serious problems , in case any of you'd find me ... i took the test and read through all of these types and i can't really see myself in any of these . i always get the gift-type but i don't think it's true . first of all i never get gifts to prove ... '