' when i started up with the mbti , i typed as an infj , for whatever reason . i knew it didn't fit me , and realizing i was a thinker led me to believe i was an intj . i took a break from personality ... 9s are the laid back , relaxed people who always seem so mysterious . so of course i pick 9 . (: 6 is a close 2nd . you've pretty much just given information that says you're an extrovert , probably a feeler . but to figure out if you're an s or n you have to answer questions like : do you feel more present in ... twilight sparkle - intp 5w6 pinkie pie - enfp . why do so many think she's an s ? she spaces out and is so out there , just .. enfp . 7w6 applejack - estj 6w7 . rarity - isfj . why do people think shes ... hahah alright . and i guess i would say go to some infp and intj forums and see which you relate to most . although i don't suggest perc's infj forum as a lot of the people in there are mistyped . i'm thinking probably infp . you should look at the cognitive functions and decide for yourself . and are you sure about your enneagram type .. ? you sound much easier a 1w9 than a 4 like you have ... i think you're an enfp , but you really should take the site's cognitive function test . you're at the end stages of puberty , so it is important you mentioned your age . i believe you are of the sp temperament , not nt . you may currently relate to an nt , but did you when you were a child ? ... this is very interesting . i've officially found my tritype . the 845 is the somewhat introverted , intelligent , headstrong , detached , hyper introspective problem solver with strategic thinking and ... like everyone else , i think this quiz is way too general . and the way they present it is irritating how rare is your personality ? seriously . what if i had come up an esfj ? it woul have told me i ... i didn't read everything thoroughly , but what i read seems fairly istj to me . i think she is an isfj but not a strong introvert . 1 . a million more wishes . 2 & 3 . ... (: i would like to be a smart ass and point out that i did not wish for simply more wishes , but a specific number of more wishes . so it doesn't count ! you are definitely an nf , but it seems to me you could easily be a p over a j . and i don't think you gave enough description about social-ness for me to determine i or e , but i'm guessing i . you ... well , he's an introvert . not really enough information to determine s or n but i wood say either an sf or nt and since he seems more of an f , i'd say an sf . perhaps a p but perhaps a j . i am ... can your type just ... change ? i don't know . maybe you've just grown positively . seems to be that when people are molested by people other than their family members , it is either their teacher or another adult that is a family friend . you know , my friends seem to know people who have been sexually abused , but none of them were . it angers me at how common it is . it is not normal . i'm not sure about all of them .. 2 : tohru honda from the anime fruits basket . 4 : w3 : scene kid . w4 : emo kid . 8: giovanni from pokémon . isfp . she is not a strong e or i , but to me she seems like an s .. and i'm saying f because of the content of her songs , she writes her own stuff so probably a lot of it is personal , and if it is ... it's the truth . he also has certain fears that only come about in the night . he distracts himself from them by playing video games all night . he doesn't go to bed until 5am , and then at 11 i have to ... family : mother : infj 8w9 - 2w1 - 5w6 i do not like this woman at all . she has a sense of entitlement , she's manipulative , hypocritical , and just ... a bitch . she knows how to get people on her side , she ... it's possible . someone suggested to me that my mother was an intj though , so i don't know ! oh my . both my parents are intj ? and i'm an intj ? i don't really think so . i thought perhaps she could be an entj , but .. ugh . i just don't want to be like her that much . we both have the same ... even if you're shy and nervous around people , even if you are quiet , if you get your energy from being around other people then you are an extrovert . even if you are loud around people , talk a lot , ... nice . welcome to the forum . eh throughout my childhood ( in a conservative christian school ) i was constantly accused of being a lesbian and most of the gilrls didn't like me because i was unfeminine . so now i act and think ... mom-infj ( or so she says , i think she's an esfj ) dad-intj me-intj brother-isfp i have a step family and a half sister and i have their types written somewhere , but i'm not gonna go dig it up . espeon is so 1w9 hahah . but lugia can't be a 8w9 because lugia has a man voice and i'm an 8w9 . i think 8w9 should be zoroark . maybe you are asking the wrong women . hahah . and i'm sorry you're a lousy pick up artist , maybe it's a talent that you're born with ( or not born with . ) interesting . you know , if someone just asked me to have sex it might work better than the other rediculous approaches men try ... but i actually think that is pretty interesting that they have books ... what does pua mean ... ? i googled it and nothing came up . work : student . hobbies : writing , reading , sex .. partnerships : i am usually with esfps and infps it seems . travel : i've been to portland and newport or , vancouver , spokane and seattle wa . in ... welcome to the forum . there are tons of infj's here . (: yeah i kind of got it after awhile . like , you wouldn't think and introvert would have an attention grabbing hair color like pink , so the however was ok . interesting username . tell me , does it mean something or did you randomly run your hand across the keyboard ? they way you type makes you sound like neither . but one can't really judge by the way someone types . and are you going off descriptions or test results ? read through the descriptions really well ... no it doesn't . 2 + 2 = 4 . two groups of 2 = ii + ii = iii see ? that's 4 i's . i have a feeling you are getting at something else though . well , have fun . : okay thanks guys . (: i thought maybe an enfj but everything is kind of unclear . pink hair , however extremely introverted ? i don't really think the however was needed because you went from one subject to another that isn't connected . i had bright pink hair from last october ... i used their lavender / ylang ylang once . it works good but it smells weird . they have another scent that is much better ... and it's the same on skin deep i assume . i have to say that cosmetic ... oh i forgot to suggest that you repost this thread in the intj forum . (: my mother claims to be an infj . on the enneagram she originally though 2 , but she's come to accept that she is an 8 . her tritype is 8-2- 5 . here are things to know about her : x95she does not take ... me and my brother are intj and isfp . we are good friends . one of us could easily be friends with an isfp . but i don't know about lovers , that might drive me insane . 1 . hybrid cars ? i prefer roller blades . maybe bicycles . 2 . classical music ? yes . 3 . tea ? yes . 4 . cats ? yes . 5 . abba ? not sure what abba is . 6 . steampunk art ? yes . 7 . wallabies ? not sure what ... i guess i would like to be an esfp . since it is my opposite . i'd like to know what that is like . (: welcome to the forum . ^ ^ i only saw your first post . and i actually thought i was an infj for awhile but it's obvious to me now that i am an intj . someone explained to me that if my family valued f more than t , it could ... okay i think you are an nt and your view of nature is influenced by your n and it makes you look like an f . either that or you really are an sf .. and the f effects your view of the world making you ... i think most isfp's are submissive . i'm not though . '