' knowing about types , and my type particularly , has played a large part in allowing me to say i like who i am . i donx 92t need to change the parts of my personality that other people feel the need to ... my best friendships have started by someone just asking if i want to hang out , be it for lunch , or to study , or some event that was going on in college or something . generally , the people that ask ... thank you , all of you , so much for writing your own personal experiences about things , and the people that mean so much to you . thenotsobadwolf i think thatsx 92s a large part of it - if you spend ... feel free to skip straight to the black text . i used to hang out here a few years ago , but left for several reasons , and i havenx 92t been here in a long , long time , so if therex 92s a process of ... oh no , i'm not saying my actual type changes . i've been an infp since the first time i've taken the test , and have never been told any differently , but my fi result , for example , changes each time i ... to any infp who's taken the test more than once , do you find that your infp-ness goes up and down according to where you are in your head / life at the time ? i've taken the test a couple of times , a ... 1319 1320 1321 if the size is awful , i'm really , really sorry . pretty sure the last one is of james franco . i'm not sure of his personality type , but there was always something about this that ... root : under-active ( - 38 % ) sacral :op en ( 12 % ) navel : under-active ( - 19 % ) heart :op en ( 50 % ) throat :op en ( 25 % ) third eye : over-active (8 1 % ) crown :op en ( 38 % ) i know i tend to be ' elsewhere ' ... oh , autumn ! autumn to me , is what spring is to everyone else - that time when you clear the slate of everything , and start afresh . it changes my whole persona , and i become what i should be the ... my ideal place to live is a bit changeable , but at the moment it would be a small town , where the lights don't interfere with the night , and with friendly people you can say ' hi ' to without people ... people who leave the sticky ticket on the bottom of their shoes . and myself for noticing / caring . i do exactly the same thing ! nothing else seems to matter once i've found something to obsess over for a few months - the kind of obsession that makes you forget to eat , and sleep isn't a priority ... i've just finished college , and don't really have anything set in stone work-wise so i'm on a little bit of a mission to find my ' thing ' . i have all the little things , like reading and listening to ... i have a such a hard time with organisation , studying included . if i have several projects on at once , it makes it so much worse , because they'll be the one project that i can really get on with and ... ... what ... ? you seem really thoughtful ... are you sure you're okay ? you don't look okay ? you're special ( in the ' whoa , you're a bit freaky ' kinda way , but only by friends ) you're so quiet ! ... i have trouble being mean to people , full stop . whether it's directly or indirectly , at some point in the very near future the guilt will set in . i think it's probably the reason i pick my battles ... i know i'm really soft-spoken , but from what i've gathered from some recent conversations with friends , i think it's even more so than i originally thought . i've been told i have a very calming and ... only once have i had that connection and unfortunatly it was with someone i didn't know . i was in canada for a couple of weeks and passed by him in a doorway , and as soon as we met each others gaze ... oh dear ... this seems far to familiar : laughing : i think my memory capacity is fairly big , the problem is it's filled with ( mostly ) useless infomation . i can remember song lyrics perfectly from just ... overall , i think i'm fairly patient . i'm normally quite a jumpy person - going from one thing to another and back again all the time - so i sometimes surprise myself at my own patience . if i'm in a ... my dreams aren't usually nightmares in terms of having me waking up screaming , but that's more to do with me having an unusual sense of calm despite the content . but anyway , it's usually a theme that ... i'm not much of a fan for radiohead , and i've never actually seen eternal sunshine ... rebel infp over here :) i've noticed a lot of the type have a liking for music , or lyrics , that would normally ... everyone knows us infp's have a ' light ' side and a ' dark side ' . up until a few months ago , the majority of my time was spent on the darker scale of things to various degrees , from mid-grey to pitch ... just out of interest , and i don't mean to hijack the thread , but for anyone who has the fidgeting issue , like myself , have you ever tried using a spinner ring ? spinner rings , spin rings , sterling ... i've designed something i'd like to get done , but considering i'm famous for changing my mind as often as the wind blows i don't think it's a good idea i ever have it done . if i do ever have anything ... i'm a night owl . i generally create most of my stuff late at night , writing , drawing ect . i love the feeling of being one of few-i like to watch the empty road , guess how many people are looking at ... i can get away with being both older and younger . people often mistake be for being 20 , and seemed quite taken back when i tell them i'm 17 . but then i went back to my old school last year to go pick ... yay for intuition ! do you have a link for that article anywhere ? it never clicked with me that that sort of situation had anything to do with being intuitive , i thought it was just strange ... my voice is kind of my ' thing ' - is just seems to be something i'm known for among friends . very gentle , very soft . i used to be insecure about it , because it means people sometimes have difficulty ... thank you for posting this because i most likely wouldn't have found this otherwise . i've been thinking about this for the past few days , and the problems with schooling as we traditionally know it ... 17 over here : happy : would you consider yourself an optimist or a pessimist , or do you find it hard to place yourself in either catagory ? i honestly don't know whether i'm right in my theory , but with our type ... : shocked : fortunatly , no :) it's the other end you need to be worried about - the end with the teeth attached . if i could , then no . but honestly , i have a rabbit , and i think he would probably eat me first . mess with him , and you'll learn your lesson . hell , if he can scare a hungry fox out of our ... i just had to quote this because i think it's just an amazing way to live your life . it doesn't matter whether you intend this to be the meaning of life , that's up to each individual , but it's one of ... i think as i've gotten older my memories have become clearer , and also they seem to be happier ones than before . i used to remember mainly bad things ( i . e . things i may have done when i was really ... psychological thrillers are always a win-win for me . the darker and more mysterious the better - but not excessive violence . science fiction is also something i love , but like someone has already ... i'm pretty sure this isn't what you want to hear , but you have to remember that that i'ness , in both you and him , is part of the reason both of you were first attracted to each other . if either of ... definitely left . which side of left depends on the subject in conversation , but i have never been anywhere even remotely close to the right . i hide everything creative that i do . to be honest i don't know why , it's just something that i've always done . i've been writing for several years now , and my parents didn't even knew i wrote until ... my relaxed face isn't smiley , and i've been told to ' put a smile on my face ' before even when i'm not particularly sad . on the plus side however , i've also been told that my eyes make up for ... i'm only 17 so by no means am i in a rush , but i think yes , i would like to one day . for me though , i'd have to know i was in the right place in my own head . i go through drastic changes in my ... my main sun sign is gemini , and as for the others i'm not that sure . posted via mobile device you say they know how much you hate doing these kind of things , yet do they understand why ? i think getting them to see that would really help . i have always had the same problem as you , a lot of my ... i don't do physical abuse-at least not from me . however , verbally , i have the abilty to ruin someone . only on one occasion has someone pushed me into ' undefeatable tank ' mode . and for that person to ... i do this with music all the time . sometimes it relates to the lyrics , often not . i create stories , most of the time in my mind rather than writing them in story-form . a lot of the time it will ... ( i wanna ) thank you falletinme be mice elf agin : laughing : i couldn't help but sing this . anyway , what i wanted to say is this-you know that bad place us infps have a tendancy to get ... i used to like the idea of going in my sleep because it's quite a peaceful way to go , now i hate it . it pretty much just changed overnight but i have no idea why . as long as it's before i get really ... i laughed the entire way through this . unfortuantly , this is normal for me . i'll often deliberate for hours on one thing , and once i've eventually decided ( if i have at all ) , i'll often end up going ... 1 ) do you infps believe that as long as you love someone , everything will be ok in the end ? i think that maybe we hope it will be . occasionally , that hope will make us blind to the reality . if it ... '