' i usually cry out of self pity , or fantasizing about sad tragic possibilities . deep down i'm an emotional masochist , i guess ? i don't cry at any songs or movies , never a my faith in humanity is ... xnfj . twilight : istj , no doubt in my mind . fluttershy : ixfx . fluttershy seems to be more of a concept of a personality than an actual character , in all honesty . they haven't developed or revealed enough ... there are flaws and slight contradictions in mbti as there are in all theories . 29 sanguine , 14 melancholy , 64 choleric , 29 phlegmatic . chocolate cake . it made my teeth hurt and gave me bad breath . it doesn't matter what your type is , more if you fit into the conventional ideals of beauty and are involved in some activity in your school that creates popularity among the general student body ... it depends on the culture and their feminine ideal . i've seen in anime ( suggesting that it is relevant to japan , ) that infp girls are the feminine ideal . in america the perfectly flawed female is an ... i'm pretty ambiverted but identify with the entj cognitive functions . i prefer the night , and no i don't like parties . i've naturally gravitated to a dusk to dawn schedule ( being awake when the sun ... any feeler is potentially frightening to me . i personally think a world revolving around the mbti would be terrible . inaccurate assumptions on a person based on their mbti . coaching children for careers based on how efficient an authority might ... i can't stop watching the gif in your signature . i don't actually know if i'm an entj , by the way , the functions seem to make enough sense for now though . hahah . my mother and father are infjs and i would agree that they ( especially my mom , ) were selfish and conditional with their emotional support . not to mention they would critique me the way op says ... thank you for the welcome , everyone . i've never had an stj friend who was a peer , so i wouldn't know about that . sounds like i should get one drunk sometime and observe what happens . mom , dad - infj half-sister is only 13 but she's probably an ixfj , maybe a thinker but she's extremely sensitive . brother .. i want to say intp but he's also extremely sensitive . now that i ... to be fair , stjs are often the party poopers in real life too . the ones calling the cops when some kids are loitering around on the sidewalk . on this forum there seems to be a distinct prejudice against sensors . i've noticed a lot of ns acting as if ss have the inability to grasp anything , as if they are as deep as a puddle . it's ... i might have a slight problem with dating an se dom , or an extremely disorganized p ( not in the material sense , but one who is always flaking on me , forgetting my orders , enabling me to be lazy , who ... i would say intp , actually . the longing to join the other children but the inability to find them amusing could easily represent inferior fe . i think when we speak of our inner thoughts and ... i'm an entx and my interest in architecture is similar to your interest in engineering . i was thinking of minoring in engineering . it's the drive to create and design .. i'm an artist and designer , ... his ex doesn't have to be in your life , yours doesn't have to be in his . neither of you are obligated to talk to each others exs , but you can talk to whoever you want to as can he . he might just be ... i like cats . from what i've seen , i think that means i'll fit in here . to tell a bit about myself , i fit in the generation z age group , 8 or 1 enneagram type ( not sure , ) xntx mbti . if you'd like to ... hahah , i admit that was a bad choice of words . i meant to suggest that they would prefer socializing with people outside of mbti context , preferring to make their own judgments and come to their own ... it comes down more to personal interests , and maybe even things like spirituality and interest in personal growth . i think esfj , estj and maybe esfp / estp would be the least likely to venture in ... i think you're relying on a lot of stereotypes . these adjectives could be according to anyone . for example , i'm an nt and i'm a creative idealist loner who is attracted to sad things , and identify to ... what made you uncertain of your type ? do your mbti results and your cognitive function results differ greatly and / or seem to contradict ? summarize your personality as a child . how did you interact ... i can understand that . but i think it's a good starting point and gives some insight outside of mbti and cognitive function tests which can be altered by self perception . that's where i've been ... i haven't watched adventure time adamantly , i've seen probably 30-40 episodes . finn seems to be esfp , princess bubblegum entj . dunno about jake and marceline . i'm beginning to think more and more that i am an entj . definitely can see myself fitting into ocpd at times . honestly , i got 100 on the first . i didn't notice it until i switched the page , i just noticed that my tab was way higher than the average . 38 on the second . it was really easy for me , i would see ... i definitely see se and fi . i agree that you're isfp . you probably have developed intuition or your self perception influences the way you answer cognitive function questions . this was extremely helpful for me , personally . i scored very high on the first test and way below average on the second . my result : based on your performance on this test , you are better at ... hello . i've take multiple tests ( mbti , cognitive function , socionics ) and the results are always unclear . i generally test as intp on mbti tests , entj or intj on cognitive function , and intj on ... '