' love the vibe it gives off . very lone-wolf-y , very badass . the more hopeful feeling it gives off at the end is icing on the cake . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S0e6zIchIqI this is probably ... 8/ 10 . catchy and groovy , but sings of something deeper and more meaningful , perhaps darker . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S12iI1p8lpE my vocal range is pathetic . a2 to b4 without falsetto . :( this is what i get for being out of choir for two years . the singer's voice annoys me but the song itself is pretty catchy . 7/10 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S0e6zIchIqI i'm a male with a little bit of classical singing training . my range extends down to g2 and up to b4 in chest voice and head voice . when i switch to falsetto , i can hit up to g5 . what is my vocal ... great rhythm and very catchy , giving off a se vibe . isfp or istp . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S0e6zIchIqI hmm . you might like being as an ocean , but i could be wrong . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wD5IG-X42lQ my favourite bands include evoken , funeral , and arch enemy . reach good on you for being a typeless ! break free from the shackles of mbti's system ! social introvert . i've seen the 4 types of introverts before , but not the 2 extroverts . may i please see the source ? :D an istp in the moment . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jwbj2gzzTpk they've turned into the same sort of hatred and bigotry that they're trying to fight against , which is pretty ironic . :P sometimes when i poop , i turn around and look at the monstrosity i've created and wonder how in the nine hells something so big fit inside me . while some of these points suggest infp , i think you're a strong , healthy infj , so good on you for that ! good usage of ni , good usage of ti , and good usage of fe as well ! that's great ! here's ... walks a fine line between benevolence and malevolence . to istps who play rpgs and the like , what are your favourite classes ? my close friend is an intp and he's heavy on versatility in his classes , he wants plenty of options to deal with various ... lolololololol ! i enjoy dark humor and sarcasm as well . i can see why it's offensive to some , though , so i tend to be careful with it . however , if i'm really comfortable with my surroundings or the ... mikankoneko your posts are generally short , sweet , and straight to the point , which is something i don't usually associate with enfjs , though it's very possible that you're just feeling awkward ... flourine not entirely sure but i'm getting ne vibes from what you've posted . none of the other functions seem to make sense , except for ti . so xntp , like before . the 5th point makes me think entp . ... weren't you typed as an enfp some time ago ? i think it fits you the best , from what you've posted here . if i absolutely have to give you another type , though , then probably esfp . definitely fi-te , ... dear intjs , if you play or have played any , what are your favourite classes in rpg games ? or if you don't like classes , how about your general combat style ? do you like melee or ranged combat ? ... to any entjs who play videogames , namely rpgs - - in combat , what are your favourite classes , or styles of combat ? a sword ? a bow ? magic ? technology ? or something else ? does this tie in to your mbti ... definitely not as deep as new vegas ( haven't played fo3 ) , disappointing countless fallout fans including myself . not as much choice , not as much freedom in playing the character you want to play ... sounds estp or esfp . also , touhou is the best . c : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mZM-d2qD15E i feel great . it's monday and i get to be a useless piece of shit all day today . great source of high-quality political comedy these days . ha . i just learned what trypophobia is . rather addicting . a old friend of mine's an enfp and we're taking sociology class together this semester . as he walked into class and made his way over to me , i waved and said hello to him . he stopped , stood there for ... ah , i had a k-pop phase that ended not too long ago . about the time when this was released : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hJYGddE0vHc i still like it though . all the dancing and flashy ... yay , vocaloid ! i was heavily into yuyoyuppe when i was 13-14 . this here's probably my favourite song of his and i interpret it as xstp . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=na3vfbj-pro what do you ... so i was trying to explain the fallout series to my friend and she was like oh so it's the sims except post-apocalypse ? and we both had a good laugh and later on i went home and launched ... i wouldn't consider this abnormal . ne users are generally able to see an issue from a more objective point of view and acknowledge the ups and downs of each argument . maybe it's that we're more ... ah , this brings back happy memories of my k-pop phase . sunny was my bias with taeyeon as a close second <3 i agree that the song and video give off very infp vibes . the melody makes me feel like ... i love it when i beat random people in videogames and they swear at me in various languages . puta is starting to lose its ring , though . crushes are better than actual relationships y / n ? i feel sad and dumb because i'm not doing good in my logic class but i need it for my philosophy major . :( logic class is really , really tough . D: istj , perhaps . music of that era ( which i love , btw ) makes me think of si somehow . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btmSuNcxiIU i've had daydreams and night dreams of physically abusing and torturing every boyfriend and silly crush i've had . though i've never been physically nor mentally abusive in real life , i'm afraid to ... i'm a leo sun , taurus moon and pisces ascendant . the latter two are scarily accurate but not at all for leo sun . i don't take it too seriously , though . zodiac is cool and fun , but that's where it ... reality manipulation . complete and absolute power in which i could do anything and everything i could ever want . i could will food and water into existence to end poverty . i could win wars and ... i kind of slipped into my dark side so i'd rather not share all the words i put in , but it typed me as enfj . odd . i guess it's somewhat accurate since i usually test as infj on dichotomy-focused ... well , i quite like being an infp , but if i had to choose , perhaps an intj with strong fi . ni and te look very appealing to me right now ; they could help me a lot with college life and choosing a ... personality type : infp favourite aspect : as un-introverted as it sounds , i've always been drawn to mmos and multiplayer games for the social aspect . i very much enjoy running dungeons and ... just want to bump this up because i'm absolutely loving these replies . so interesting to hear from all you people and your memories and experiences with your toys . i very much relate to the other ... i remember in elementary school i had a glue pen . everybody was mesmerized by it . oh my god it's a glue pen ! it's like a pen but it's for glue ! oh my god can i use it ? can i try ? it was the entire ... days either feel too long or too short . there is no in between . in my sociology class we were asked to bring a toy from our childhood and discuss how said toys helped shape us as people somehow , like indirectly teaching gender roles and such . it was a very ... mmm ... a song about being completely fed up with someone i find very hard to type . what comes to mind is xsfj , not entirely sure why though . just a hunch .  ... oh , my . i would have to say the woman who walked into doors by roddy doyle . it really , really , really hit me , even though i haven't endured abusive relationships myself . i also like give a boy a ... '