factory girls by leslie t . chang . you have a point ! :) i guess i need to say thanks more often haha . haha yes that trick , i utilise it occasionally :P it can be used when you want to share your ideas with others but don't want to ... does it depend on how comfortable you are with your boyfriend as well ? :) like if you're close to people you'll feel less self-conscious about expressing your views and talking about things in ... sometimes it's like that . societal niceties , i guess . for me , i was brought up with asian traditions ( you know filial piety and all that ) and there are a lot of layers to it . if someone gave you a ... oh my . you have totally captured all of what i wanted to say . there's one thing i want to mention though , if you delete your original post , won't you worry that the people who liked it will get ... yes , the most important thing is that you're creating / making something you believe is important and which you really want to do :) but well , for me i feel bad , like i'm cluttering up other peoples ' ... nice thoughts ... and you really have a point about how you want to live . i guess in some cases , we have to step out of our comfort zones and do something ' radical ' ( to us , that is ) in order for us to ... i posted a photo on instagram recently , and it was a drawing . it got a lot of likes and people were commenting that it was ' very nice ' and hashtagging ' #talentalert ' . i posted the drawing partly ... when grief steals your breath yet again and the gasping of your lungs struggle to breathe struggle to make an existence out of this reality when it's the only sound you've heard the anchor ... i hate math and chemistry . have an odd liking for physics though , particularly newton's laws and forces . i'm hearing impaired - look at it this way ; i can sing in the silence . for me i get guilt trapped into doing stuff by my brain . for example , if i'm sitting down and an elderly person is standing up in front of me , i start overthinking and eventually i give my seat up as ... though sometimes i'm too scared to help people for fear of how i'm being seen . but normally , for example , if an elderly person is standing right in front of me on a packed bus and i'm sitting ... i'm an infp and i'm really bad at math , so i was wondering if the rest of you were bad at it too . :P i know you're enfp haha . i said ' us infps ' to refer to infps in general . :P my bad , sorry . wow , that must really have scared her off :/ i guess sometimes people in general may be scared off by our ... that's true about the small talk , though more often than not i feel that it's rather superficial . however , if i listen for the cues , i have a tendency to over analyse and over think things ( you know ... they can be nice people , but ... they seem very self-absorbed . okay i run the risk of sounding hypocritical here since i'm very much the same , but theirs is to the extent that they don't seem to ... thank you :) you gave me another perspective regarding this , especially with the ' just because one is ready to share / listen , doesn't mean both are . ' i think i forgot that somewhere along the way . i ... somehow i can never make eye contact with people i'm not close to . when i talk to people whom i'm close to , my eyes stay firmly fixed on their faces , but when i talk to acquaintances , my eyes wander ... suffering . whether my own or other's . also certain books but as for what would bring me near tears ... the news . some people avoid me like the plague . i suppose it's due to the fact that i myself don't smile very often - i give off a cold and detached air . but well i think some of them can't handle my ... i suppose that may be our introversion talking . sometimes , when i'm surrounded by people whom i don't particularly like ( e . g . those whom are not my friends ) , i'll just be like get me out of here it all depends on who i'm with . somehow if i'm with people whom are hyper , i'll display my silly side and go all extroverted and make wisecracks and so on . if i'm in the presence of ... say , my ... for me it just hurts me that i can't find someone else at least almost exactly like me . i found another infp , but she doesn't reply my messages , and i feel as though i'm bothering her ... once ... i currently have a crush , so . i would say that i daydream about him a fair bit - but then reality kicks in ? and when it kicks in , i'm just like , ' eh , nah , [ what i just dreamt of ] will never ... god is able - hillsong god is able he will never fail he is almighty god greater than all we seek greater than all we ask he has done great things shadow of the day by linkin park . i know it's an old song , but ... fuzzy wuzzies . : , ) i can really feel the emotion in this ... it may seem a little stiff , but yes . i do get what you mean . fabulous poem , by the way . not me . i don't really care about it strangely haha :P for non - fiction , probably falling leaves , a memoir by adeline yen mah . it relates to being nf as it is a true account of abuse and will help us develop and further our perspectives . also , it's ... city of bones . spies and prejudice by talia vance . for thinkers , you may have this unquenchable desire to know more . like for example , you will not stop searching until you get the truth about a certain topic that you may be confused about . you would ... i suppose you could find them on the streets ... you just have to look hard . infp girls will sport a certain look , or gaze . i think you should research on all types and carefully consider all aspects such as behaviour and your tendencies and inclinations before you decide . or you could pay for an official mbti test and ... plato . i think it's an infp thing ? when i rediscovered it recently , i practically went crazy getting people i knew to take the test , and was very surprised when they didn't seem as ' into it ' as i was ... 95637 just some ... rubbish ? i don't know , but - i have always felt that i was viewed negatively by others . my absent-mindedness , spaceyness , tendency to ramble etc . it doesn't help when i'm so clingy and just too emotional ... ha ha . not to mention that ukraine-russia-crimea thingy that's been coming up recently . ahhh , dystopian as in the hunger games , divergent , etc etc this year i met my friend's tutor and i observed her for a while . she was , you know , the kind who always stared off into space . and gave people that ' intense infp look ' , if you get what i mean ... well ... i was suicidal . and i've never met anyone like me before , whose feelings are so strong that they drive you to do something rash . that's a good thing , and that's a bad thing too . > < i love isfp's artistic skills , and their ability to see beauty in the world and make / create something out of it . : happy : haha . :) i will wait and see how it goes ... in the meantime , thanks for your advice . : happy : ah yes it does clear things up , thanks so much :D i have a crush on an estj guy . but he isn't all that bad , he's pretty nice and he has an empathetic side too , which is something i really like . other than that , sometimes he can be cold and ... for me , i have recently come to realise that i do have a number of trust issues . i trust my friends more than i do my family . my phone is password-protected , and i never really share my poetry with ... then i prayed ; please , take me away , not all find what they seek , and not all are what they claim but only those who hold my hand to say ' come . let's fly , chasing after pursuits of worthless dreams and diving in the midst of ...