' some boyfriend he must be . insecure much ? ;) wonderful classics until leto starts the worm transition . from there my interest began to fade . the entj women i have known have all been quite feminine , unless you mean to imply that assertiveness , confidence , intelligence and accomplishment are manly traits , then they have all plainly been ... wishing for or celebrating the destruction of anyone's property in disasters of this magnitude is shrill , mean-spirited and out of line . karma is a bitch as well . + 1 at the time , my commute was an hour on the bus , each direction . i noticed a lot of women were reading the books , especially the first one , but they tended to conceal the cover with a magazine or ... major : broadcast communications minors : psychology , sociology , philosophy , anthropology , theology ( that was a while ago and i was on the 7 + year plan ) i'm a hugger . https://i.imgur.com/5I1MuqS.jpg i'll sponsor all the hurricanes we can drink , as long as they are served properly in the correct glassware with little paper umbrellas . we have standards people ... he'll tell you . / end thread . belle and tinkerbell for me . not sure on types . i like that belle is not a helpless disney princess waiting to be swept off her feet . tinkerbell , well , who could resist ? sounds legit ! i was going mention the licking part , but then it occurred to me that i also do that if they look delicious . had not considered the leg humping approach . how do you think that will work at the gym ? thanks ! checked in from the road , even posted a few times , but it was hit and miss . home for a few days , then semi-international travel for the weekend ... hahahah buddhism is more properly ... to clarify , that is a sectarian thing . afterlife , reincarnation , nothing , unsure , who cares ? , meh ? are all valid responses from a buddhist when asked what comes after . i'm currently working on a project that requires me to study ambiguity in language patterns . i found a book filled with great examples , but as i read them i found that they are like fingernails on a ... my compound is far enough out that i don't usually see the city smog , so it's strange to see haze and an obscured , orange sun . i've got a whole house air filtration system , so it's not bad inside , ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQMbXvn2RNI nearing 100 * today and choking smoke . truck looks like it snowed overnight from the ash settled on it . but you haven't answered the question . how can i tell if i really like you ? :P don't wish your life away . you'll get there when you get there . truth in advertising . to be expected , but it's all potential under the age of 25 . i can vouch for jake . he's a bit car obsessed and mildly girl crazy , but that is the age . he's a great student , a stand up guy and shows long-term potential as a decent human being . he's far less ... tell christian to keep his shirt on , he's too two-dimensional and needs the shirt . seriously . i just flex and mine splits down the arms and chest . amateur . but how can i tell if an entj really , really likes me ? all yours . i have plenty of those too . it's just advice . i've got lots of it . take it , leave it . it makes no matter to me . i wouldn't be giving it if i didn't think it was correct , so whether you follow it or not doesn't change the ... either way , i win . 1 . you take my advice and all ends well . 2 . you ignore my advice and even if i don't say anything , when things don't go well , i know they would have if you had taken my advice ... even when i couldn't stand the subject matter i enjoyed any class where the teacher plainly wanted to be there and plainly enjoyed the subject matter . enthusiasm and attitude make all the difference . does not correlate to anything i have seen . duo called this one , that sounds like things i have heard from the intj side of the house . we entj read body language as part of our handling people ... dear gamers , i don't normally wander into your haunts . but today i was invited to go to a game store with a gaming area and an arcade / pinball hall in the back . i have only the vaguest conception ... i can only speak to my culture , but in my culture what you are describing is a red flag . nor me . a little vulnerability is a nice thing , but were you to blurt that out in my practice , i would refer you out for an evaluation and decline to work with you again . i would have grave ... desktop wallpaper > solid colors > black dear intj , begone ! before somebody drops a house on you , too ! - entj i will defer to those who are much more qualified for this exercise , particularly the enfp themselves . perhaps someone will recognize themselves in your description . exactly . control is boring . balance is where it's at . if you imagine that each partner is on one arm of an old-fashioned balance beam scale , the further one moves from the center , the more the other ... just wait until you hear the one about the two star-crossed lovers from verona ... two households , both alike in dignity , in fair verona , where we lay our scene , from ancient grudge break to new ... the song remains the same . unable to resist the urge , but keeping my eyes carefully shielded beneath the brim of my hat , under the pretext of patting my horse on the flank , i glance back and am pleased ... dear intj , why ? seriously ? i hate to be the one to have to tell you this , but you are b * t sh * t f * ck * ng cr * zy and i can smell it coming off you in waves . again , no thanks . - entj t'was not a commentary on your fascination , rather more a reminder that you have plenty of hard work ahead of you . upon my return i would be greatly displeased to find that you had been distracted ... i find this image to be quite pleasing . you have done well and i'll not forget . i have business to attend to that wouldn't interest you , but i am finding that the stables may require more of my , ... my impression of you is well and good , so i am willing to grant you wide latitude in the discharge of your duties . thus far i have found your choices to be amenable to my tastes and preferences , so ... well , it's up to you . you can have the pillows or the caned chair at the dinner table . oh the irony . dear intj , nope . just nope . - entj / me checks amazon and is disappointed to see these pillows doesn't exist ( at least there ) . that would have been an excellent addition to the playroom . i am working . ;) just one of the flock ... i said meet , not eat . for now anyway ... '