' or maybe it intentionally left you out just to screw with you . yeah , that's it . intp guys don't exist . we're just a myth , spoken about in really small fonts and hidden by spoiler buttons on mbti forums . we only get out when further survival in our deep , dark rooms seems dismal , ... is it possible that the old lady was really , really passionate about jalapeno and cheddar doritos ? as in , she liked em so much when she first tasted them that she went about telling everyone about ... 146833 isn't this apparel interesting enough for ya ? ! in mila kunis ' defense , i like her for the part she played in that fwb movie where she was supposed to be slightly awkward and normal-ish in ... just the one , which is even more sad considering some of the responses here . lol . i'm not overly worried / interested in it though . i'm kinda losing an interest . if i'm supposed to , i will and if ... do right hands count ? the company of myself i adore this game for its storyline . initially , i didn't have an answer because i remember collecting a lot of things like trading cards and tazoes but i don't think they influenced my life in any way ( other than the fact that now i'm ... i'm kind of in the same place as you are . coincidentally , i'm 22 too and i lost most , if not all , of my friends when i was 16-17 ( end of school ) . most of the time , i don't care if i have no one to ... at first , i thought this was another troll post by one of the other types ( maybe that entp who claimed to turn into superman ? ) and i was gonna report it . i guess i'll give you the benefit of the ... i used to think about this excessively but this isn't my problem now at all . i'm over it and i've realized the things that the video talks about on my own . i guess a lot of my problems arise from ... i guess anything i'll say after this analysis will sound like a chimp trying to make mating calls at a nobel prize ceremony but this : this is where i ended up . and i'm a waste paper and about ... that's a very good video lostfavor , thanks a lot . and very inspiring too . the thing is , now is a very , very confusing time for me . like you , i'm trying to juggle a few things at the moment which ... 22 with a 75 year old trapped inside me . i'm pretty sure you've heard beauty queens mindlessly mention world peace in their pageant finales and it being passed around in diplomatic talks but does anyone here really think world peace is ... i'm a soon-to-be graduate with a bachelors in mechanical engineering and i have a dilemma . as i'm getting closer to the end , i'm starting to feel like i'm no longer passionate about what i'm studying ... ditto . walls can be particularly interesting . there can be minute scratches in the paint that often look like beautiful art ( i can often make out anything from known faces to anime characters ... my experience when it comes to this has been quite the opposite actually . i started not feeling out of sheer necessity . so many things happened in such quick succession in my life and so unreal ... phew , first of all , thank you everyone for replying . i joined a couple of groups and the only jobs posted there were people trying to troll the job board by promoting their blog or jobs in a ... i run into train doors , midgets and cars . and yeah , the occasional overhanging pole or a really low door frame . does that count ? considering that i will be trading my student tag ( one that i've been carrying around my whole life ) for a job-seeker tag in the near future , i thought and was suggested that it would be a good ... it's funny how no one talked about watching their grandkids grow ( or playing with them ) or sitting on the porch holding the hand of the love of their life or other stereotypical being in love crap ... i do . sadly , i have this habit of starting a conversation when i am with someone and the other one isn't speaking ( just to break the silence . i hate it ! ) . i just start talking on any given topic and ... while we're discussing effective spots to harm effectively , i think hitting at the spot at the top of the nose just below the eye-line where it curves into the nose is considered extremely effective ... i know 3 % of the population isn't much ( 1.5 % if you are only into guys ) but i think it's enough . 1.5 % of 1 billion ( considering the age group and all other stats ) is about 15,000 , 000 . i'm pretty sure ... we're intps bro , we're supposed to be smart ! no , i haven't been in a fist fight and it's one of the reasons why i feel that i'm not capable of protecting myself . the only time i remember being in ... i'm sorry i didn't read all the other posts so my post might seem a little out of context ( considering the point the discussion might be at ) . but i always believed that intps were at a lesser ... i thought i was different but then i found out i was an intp and ... but yeah , i go through a lot of what you said . i used to wear this particular brand of shirts but then i saw a couple of guys ... i never doubted the fact that i was an intp . i was a bit unsure between the p and j only because i believe my seclusion has affected my behavior a lot and i thought that my p could be what comes out ... here's some zoo porn for all of you ( necrophiliacs are also served ) : tongue :: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F5fg64rmFHE i was very comfortable knowing my personality type . i mean when i went out the day after learning that i was an intp , i was the most relaxed that i've ever been . being an intp explains what's ... i'm very rigid when it comes to this , so much so that it has turned into a problem ( i think it's ocd , haven't been diagnosed yet ) . i don't like anyone else's money . the money i take from my ... it's funny but i've been going through some of the same things at the moment . you might see threads from me where i talk about becoming a hermit and on the other hand , about finding a belonging and a ... holy sh ... i mean , again , it's fascinating how much we guys have in common ! we like the same effing music ! tool ( i personally like the pot , the opening is downright sexy ! can't think about it ... well said . i took up mechanical engineering . architecture never appealed to me and i've always wanted to pursue me . to the point about being creative , me lets you be creative , although , ... first of all , you deserve an applause for the sheer understanding of the types . thank you so much for this . now i know why i come up with so many good ideas for my project but when it comes ... was he this guy ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Z0_n7tGnK0 it's actually surprising how much us intps have in common , not just personality-wise but the things that we've been through . some of the threads i read here feel like someone spied / stalked me for a ... i'm not sure how i was or what i felt like when i was a child , but because i've changed drastically over the past half-decade or so , let's just say i've changed into this . i love and care for my ... worldpersonality called me a theorizer , which sounded pretty cool . definitely cooler than all of the shit i've been called over the years ... might seem a little unrelated but the meeting a girl at a library thing never seems to work , at least for me . even before i knew about mbti or the personality types , i had a feeling that i'd find an ... i think i would , although i have never done it . i think i'd like it more than sex if i am with a girl who is compatible with me ( personality-wise ) and is into the same things that i'm into . i ... as it turns out , there's another way of doing this . all you do is dumb down to the levels of the people around you , let go , be stupid , whatever it takes ... i'm planning to try this out . p . s ... this . one of my friends used to be very touchy-feely in the first year of college that i hung out with him . eventually , like your friend , that's what i did . when he'd get too touchy , or would ... speaking from a completely personal point of view , at this stage in my life , breaking the habit won't be worth it for me . in fact , i actually tried very hard and sort of adopted the habit . when a ... the idea of my lungs rotting and death coming from not being able to breathe seems rather grim . i'd rather die from my liver rotting ( i plan to start drinking ) . : laughing : the stereotype still holds true in a lot of places . i come from a conservative-ish society and the boundaries between the various types aren't that well defined here . i'm pretty sure a majority of ... anyone remember johnny bravo ? 104226 doesn't the show seem a little ironical ? i mean how the rude , narcissistic , buffed , bonehead never seems to get a girl but in real life , pretty much every ... it's funny how that works , isn't it ? i've had a few observations of my own too . for instance , in a mixed group ( of guys and girls ) , ( as a guy ) either you suck up to the best looking , buffed , ... isn't it possible that we all get to keep our personalities and still be liked ? i mean , are intps that unlikeable ? i know i'm touching a nerve here but let's try to answer it ( once and for all ? ) . ... '