' in addition to my previous comment , i see a fundamental misunderstanding of how significantly literal mormons take their teachings . 1 ) mormons believe that they are christians ... i was born as a mormon and stayed in the church until my mission at age 21 , so i'll give you a more accurate understanding . mormons are expected ( i . e . required if they want to be allowed to ... doesn't matter who shot first , as long as i got mine off too fuck her right in the pussy . me too . i'll suggest 4 , 6 , or 7 . we haven't talked for a while so i'll need a refresher , but last time we talked you seemed to be more 4 or 6 than 7 imo , but maybe that's just our socionics ... i read his first novel , the kite runner , several years ago . i could say much of what you said for that book as well . and the book was ... ? i'll passive-aggressively say that you can passive-aggressively thank my passive-aggressive posts all day ; 3 that dude will suffice . i'd like somebody to give me big head . : blushed : https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/7b/a4/f5/7ba4f5d4f347d2244754593825d2b9a3.gif https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c7tOAGY59uQ how dare thee insult the name of the lord thy god . thy lord hath reported thouuu ! do not be afraid . god has come to test you , so that the fear of god will be with you to keep you from sinning . i'm thinking about you , babe . : blushed : sup kev - thanked for the bewbz . - so i was fucking this girl , and then i stopped . she wasn't intense enough . so i was fucking another girl , and stopped . she wasn't intense enough either . sx instinct makes life hard , man . natural lighting is nice im srs tho dear angelic , can jet fuel melt steel beams ? sincerely , dalton i compiled a list from all the previous posts in order to organize this thread . from now on , it would be more effective if people copy this list and add their name to it , so that people do not have ... i doubt that i'm type 5 because : - i'm not obsessed with technology or astrophysics . - i have difficulty reading anything longer than a page . - my reaction to many of the things about type 5 is ... they are all integers which can be divided by 2 and yet remain as integers . ( i can't reliably say anything else , since i'm not entirely sure that i'm not reactive instead of competency . ) lol i don't really know for certain if i'm entj , so having elistra do it makes more sense , if mbti matters at all . :P drink tzara awww you mentioned me but then you replaced me ... am i not entj enough ? you think that elistra is better than me ! ? ! ? ! : crying : swordsman of mana i often see 4 connected to intuition , yet you list 678 as the best intuition . what's your view on this ? how is this 1 - ish ? : confused : thinking 4w5 . lots of people complain about other people mistyping as 4s while typing themselves as 4 . so , my controversial opinion of the day is that ... i'm sexual 4 ! ... and everybody else who's typed ... banned for pretending that he knows shit about yu-gi-oh ! http://940ee6dce6677fa01d25-0f55c9129972ac85d6b1f4e703468e6b.r99.cf2.rackcdn.com/products/pictures/312547.jpg banned for snitchin ' to the poe-poe . i've been avoiding type 4 , but now that i've given it a chance , i realize that it's the most accurate type for me . after talking to people , i continue to think that i'm entj and sx / sp . thinking 416 ... smoking crack might be a little safer . smoking crack once might be a little safer . crack addiction , probably not so much . just realized that crack could be a pun for what you're doing to ... i'm game . yeah , i'll definitely be awaiting the explanation on the 2wb fix . : redface : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pZIU4z95LkE you said this 2/2 2manywolves ahhh , pluck it ... ahhh , pluck it ... ahhh , pluck it ... pluck it real good https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vCadcBR95oU that would be problematic , since his skull is probably smaller than your fist . lol @ teen boys wearing ronald mcdonald shoes to make their feet look bigger because they think that foot size is correlated with penis size . also , that haircut and ballcap , teen fashion is just ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ibRMmLlLz64 similarly , how might an sp 4 falsely appear as sx ? ... ah , kintsugi beat me to the question . as per my notes on beatrice chestnut , sp 6 is liable to type oneself as sx separately from 6 . 1 : way too strict and demanding 2 : plays with the kids a lot and likes to bake cookies 3 : brings the kids to soccer practice 4 : tells them you can be whatever you want to be and therefore ... i can see sx 7 quietly sneaking up on us . if you're close to hurting yourself , call a hotline immediately . if you have a good emotional imagination , i have a suggestion for you : run . force yourself to run . i know it's hard . depression can ... mbti -> least likely to value specific enneagram ? ( strongest effects are in bold . ) 1 - nfp 2 - int 3 - ifp 4 - stj 5 - esj 6 - enp 7 - istj 8 - infp '