' oh , yes ! the first one . i think she wasn't that bright either , i felt really weird ... anyway , most of the people notice my odd humour right away . rivalry sounds like something more personal , but i am willing to oppose anyone who is on my way to the goal . i am skeptical when it comes to everyone . i think this is why it's easier for me to detect manipulation . i am pretty extroverted as well , i just roll along with what people say , at the same time i ... i hate when people are complaining about useless stuff . what's the need to complain about something that can't be changed ? i love sci-fi books , my favourite author from this genre must be philip k . dick . i am mostly into dystopian content , but i alternate it with philosophy books . as an assertive i don't really care about what other people see me as or what they do , i am just watching my own goal and not comparing myself with anyone . i think assertiveness and turbulence is a ... thank you for your answer . if you think i hate stjs , i'm pretty disappointed . what do you mean ? hmm ... i've had my problems with unhealthy istjs . what i've noticed is that they become more irrational and their statements contradict each other . i wouldn't say he's a xxfp . what i would say it's ... imo it's istj . well , i can tell you people are willing to read the questionnaire as it's very helpful and specific . :) for me it's about what i am doing . if i need to get an essay done and i have side homework that's obviously easier . i'd start with the essay , write the introduction and quickly get bored and turn to ... aurorarogersskywalker i am still not 100 % sure , but now i'd say infj . it's a bit confusing , but as i've seen people don't need fi to hold onto their beliefs . my third function is fe , when i am around ... i'm thinking about isfj too . haha that's why i am torn between infp and infj . both ti and te can love math . as you said , it's not clearly for me if it's fe or fi . this is only my opinion . now i'm thinking more about infj . if ... haha , i must say i saw fi . you said you're basically taking everything and filtering it with your set of moral values . next to fi i saw the ne that's giving you a lot of ideas . you can probably ... i've thought about this too . she says she has some ideas and she isn't that observant of details . now it makes me think more of infp . i don't know , i'd say infj , but my gut tells me you'd lean more into infp . so infp > infj for my guess . when you ask him something let's say more personal , is he direct or is he trying to put it in a way that would be less harsher ? thinking about it ... it might be stand-up comedy . jokes aside , i think it will be something like concentrating on finding ways to entertain or work with people , it can be self damaging when you reach ... i think that isfj might fit you :) 4.29 - logic / math 4.29 - self 4 - social i'm an entp and i can say i don't enjoy going out or partying so much . i'd rather be with a person that i have something to discuss with rather than simply party with someone i can speak freely too ... i wouldn't say anxiety , but when one of my ideas is shut down without a rational answer i tend to think like wow , they didn't even bother to explain , i have nothing to discuss with them and i shut ... maybe estp ? i'm nowhere near a professional , but i've seen se and ti which made me believe this . when you are quirky and people naturally assume you must be a dumb airhead . when you show them you're smart and they actually get surprised . ( note : i have a big list ) when you get called a ... 617762 7w8 , sums up how i work me : entp father : estj mother : istj i don't spend so much time with my grandparents to know : unsure : te is focusing on the application of that idea while ti is focused on the design of that idea . ti : what logical relationships necessitate this system working the way it does , and how can i make ... if you had another other idea in mind ( ( ͡ ° ͜ ʖ ͡ ° ) ) while romantically feeding them , i guess so . i don't think they're as rare as you might think , but they're certainly not a high number . you might not recognize many of them because it seems that they choose to be flexible around people , at ... when you're wearing a shirt once and you're thinking of how you can wear it again and get unnoticed . ( how as in you have a full image of all the scenarios and excuses you can make if you get caught ) are you too ? now i'm curious . apart from my istj and entp friends i don't know anyone else . of course it can happen to anyone , but i think we're trying to find out if entps are more likely to be suffering of misophonia . i too have read some police books as i might say . i love solving things , but i hate that as for the police there is a procedure that must be follow and you need to take it step by step . instead there ... nope . i can't stand when i hear repetitive noises on a rather quiet background . chewing noises or some people have that habit of clapping their lips , i just get so angry and i start being passive ... i would say esfj or isfj on the first thought . i usually wouldn't discuss some topics with people that wouldn't appreciate them . i bend to the individual , so i tend to start a conversation according to what i know i can discuss with that person ... as an entp i'd say i believe in everything and nothing at the same time . i'd say there's a grain of truth in each religion , but saying one is better than the other seems a bit off for me . i am most ... why are you so seriously cute ? ok so i took the test and i am feeling weird about it . i got ne > ni > ti > te : 0 have you ever pretended to not care about something ? i did several times . i think it's because i don't want to show people i've been hurt or i can be hurt by it . or maybe i am trying to get some ... about the same . it's that i try to find balance in my life and sj's are bringing me that . i especially like how isfjs are caring and genuine ( well some of them at least ) , while i am pretty much ... bahaha , i have a lot of history with my isfp . she helps me a lot with some of my impulses , but she finds me too blunt . i hope you two will have a great time ! infj isfj intj istj infp ok , i bet this is a weird combination . isfp , infp , istj what makes me tick is when i have someone to discuss abstract ideas with . it's pretty simple , but it's hard to find someone who is willing to listen , respect and contribute to the conversation ... i've been riding horses for 7 years when i had to give up due to my circumstances . i still am a very passionate fan of this sport and i hope i can compete again in the future . other than this nothing ... i am currently all in studying , so i am alone most of the weekends . i'd say that as long as the task keeps me focused i don't really mind being alone , i'd rather be alone than with someone that ... do you sometimes feel like you're tiring people ? if so , how do you react ? i have some ideas , but i want opinions from my brothers : frustrating : '