' one time a boy who liked me told me , every time i hear your voice , my heart pumps barbecued chicken . this is so sweet . <3 can you please pray for me to be comforted in a situation i'd rather not go into detail about ? things are already starting to get better , i'd just feel really good if i knew ... hey guys , i just wanted to tell y'all about this amazing site i discovered . it grants real wishes , and makes dreams come true ! all you have to do is follow the instructions , and even more ... ok , that sounds good ! intps actually seem pretty cool . now that i think about it , i think it's mostly just ixtjs that scare me , lol . :) well , a little of both . but nah , i'm not scared of you yet . you haven't been grumpy with me like most others have ! i love how it's pretty much unanimous that kenneth is exfj . :D the prospect of sharing my type with him makes me happy <3 because they're introverted thinkers . that alone scares me . lol ! i'm an esfj and i'm very physically sensitive and very huggy esfj , enfj , enfp , esfp , infp , and isfp . but i love everyone ! ixtx types are scary though ! lol , even better ! : kitteh : you're welcome . and i understand . nobody's perfect . what matters is that you acknowledge what you need to improve on and that you try your best to do so . you seem to be doing that , so that's a great ... well thank you for asking . the fact that you care means alot . :) well , the things that ti-doms tend to do that make me sad are things like not understanding my feelings , not apologizing enough , and ... esfp seems to be the general consensus i saw , and i agree : 3 i think he's an esfp . th extrovert is a given , sensor because he loves thrills and things that appeal to the senses , f because he's very passionate , and p because he's free-spirited . i agree with alot of your typings . why do you think skye is ti though ? that works ! :) enfjs , esfjs , esfps , enfps , infps , and entps . probably because i'm only a mild sensor , but i tend towards certain intuitive traits . namely , idealism . i'm also a bit more metaphorical than the typical esfj , or the typical sensor in general . that was great ! you sound dreamy :) i love everyone , but pretty much any of the introverted thinking types tend to rub me the wrong way . http://personalitycafe.com/guess-type/220009-brave-little-toaster.html#post6149641 i made a thread like this a little while ago lol so maybe enfp ? i was randomly watching old clips from the movies earlier and i got the idea for this . it's been a while since i've actually seen the movies , but like i said , i watched clips recently , and read about ... true . she just also seems pretty sensitive , so i'm not sure . i was kinda at a toss up for her . enfps are so full of life , cheer , and good humor ! :) enfj . i'm already very marginal on my s / n preference , so it probably wouldn't be a big change , but it'd be cool . e , f , and j are definitely here to stay ! i'm an esfj conservative republican . i was just thinking this the other day . i have an esfj frenemy who's almost nothing like me ! i only recently found out she was esfj and i was shocked ! coulson - esfj may - istp or istj skye - esfp ward - intj fitz - inxp simmon - isfp my mom is an istj and my dad is an inxj . it's pretty tough being the only extroverted feeler in the household , but i still love my parents and usually try to work out our differences . :) i think cheese sandwich is an infp who grew into an enfp . maybe xnfp ? yeah , i haven't seen the movie version yet , but i'm a huge fan of the tv series . i watch it every night , so i can testify of felix being an esfj in that version . it's debatable if oscar's estp or ... oh ok ! interesting ! i was actually referring to the tv series ( where felix is played by tony randall ) , but i'd also said that people could try to type the movie version too . thanks for the input , and ... intp when he was grumpy , infp when he was nice i had her take the test , and she tested as one . and when i meant wrong , i meant when she's doing something that upsets me . i had her take the test , and she tested as one . and when i meant wrong , i meant when she's doing something that upsets me . so the movie version of felix is more introverted ? interesting . or are you referring to the actor , since you used his real name ? wow , even though i'm esfj , i relate to alot of this ! maybe it's because my s / n preference is so marginal that i have traits from both ? :D if so , that's awesome ! i get the best of both worlds ! xd as an esfj , i often find that living with an istj mom can be very mentally and emotionally wearying at times . don't get me wrong or anything , i love her , but i often feel like she doesn't understand ... i love everyone , but i tend to be more comfortable socializing with fellow extroverts . they keep up with me better ! and um , for the people saying that esfjs are introverted extroverts ... that is not ... felix from the odd couple ( i love him ! ) cheerilee from my little pony zoe from littlest pet shop ( possibly ) i like your style :) and yes , it is very funny ! :D very observant ! thanks for the insight ! and for being a fellow fan of the show ! interesting theories ! thanks for the post ! :) i think nancy might be isxj ^ _ ^ i love how sensitive and idealistic infps are :) interesting ! what do you think their other letters are ? :) thank you for presenting this viewpoint ! :) i think macduff from macbeth was esfj :) i also think king duncan was enfj . idk about y'all , but ... i looove classic sitcoms ! :D and the odd couple is one of my favorites ! the general consensus is that felix is an esfj . he's most often used as an example when ... '