' anyone ? :) sluggish cognitive tempo - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia i used to be so full of life . little things made me oh , so very excited . suddenly now it's like i'm always in this state of ... nothingness . i just sit and i want to paint all day . and not ... well , i'm 17 . and i have been friends with this boy for a while . we were in the same class in elementary school , and we have somehow reconnected over facebook . we got to talking , and realized we had ... haven't gone through the entire thread , hoping someone hasn't listed this one off just yet . ( ignore the spanish subtitles ) > _ > http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VflKiZzb4h4&feature=related infps , i've discovered a movie you might love . it is absolutely breathtaking , in my opinion ... i just sat there , transfixed the entire time . we are artists , dreamers , creators . thus , we have a ... ha , you make the process seem so easy . :) i've was diagnosed with adhd at 7 . i still cannot find the medication right for me . i've gone through 5 different psychyatrists and tried basically all of ... this is exactly what i mean . exactly . i've always been like this ... i've found out that i do this . i mean , i've always done this . it might be the little ' acting ' gene i have in me , but i change my manner almost always depending on the person i am with . is this a ... she is insecure . http://orpheline.files.wordpress.com/2008/12/belle.jpg i find that whenever i try new things / new clubs / new classes , i always put out an effort to try to act social / extraverted in the beginning . but it just seems so alien to me , and slightly awkward ... i am extrememly artistic art-wise ( drawing , painting , creativity ) and also talented music-wise ( piano , singing ) although i do not have perfect pitch , so it comes a bitter harder to me to compose ... some people are born with it . some people were rasied not to have it . some people got it ' abused ' out of them . but it seems all infps have a huge , huge lack of it . and it is a thing that many of us ... welcome fellow infp . :D hope you like it here ~ my iq is 118 . :) i am in highschool ... and i do rather poorly if i'm not on my add ( inatentive ) medication . ( just too much of a dreamer , it's so hard to pay attention ) but i get all a's in music and ... i am apart of the ' artsy ' group at my highschool . ( sophomore ) bah ... it's hard . . _ . holy crap , do i know you ? xd - also does the wizard of oz skipping-dance-thingy through the halls - do you ... gorgeous ! i think that's like a deep seafoam green , or a forest green . maybe even a true-green . ( which are very rare ) you must get compliments everywhere you go ! lenore is pronounced : leh-nore , emireya is pronounced ehm-er-ay-uh , hortense is pronounced whore-tense ( lol ) , and ariana is pronounced air-ee-aw-nuh . :D seems like hazel and green are pretty common so far among infps ~ : o i've been diagnosed with adhd - inattentive type , for 7 years ( i'm 16 ) . i have never been able to find a medication that truly works for me , sadly . my sister , who has adhd has found medication , and so ... those purple marks ? i have something like that too , shadowy things under my eyes . but i just use my foundation to cover them up a bit . i've also heard that different people have different ... for a girl , i have always loved the names lenore , emireya ( lol ) , hortense ( i think it's pretty < . < ) alanna , and ermm ... i might edit this later . this has nothing to do with personality types , but i have always had a strange obsession with anthony hope from sweeney todd . ( particularily the one from the movie ) i'm not all that sure , maybe it is ... blahhh no it was supposed to be meaningful and depressing ! lawl ... i suppose it's kinda comical in the way it describes infps so well ... ? o . o - doesn't understand why it's so funny - this is something i've often wondered about , eye colors and infps . is there a color / shade more common to infps ? here's a site that might help you determine your eye color / hue . take a look , and ... infp ' opening a window ' . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x3Xv3lfQkHs we watch your world . from the window . indecisive , and awkward . but we hide ourselves behind these walls . in fear , in ... mhm . i'm also kinda tempted to post some sort of video showing that we don't need words to make a video , or to say anything at all . but i don't want to spam the post with pointless videos by me . x3 ... as i said before ... you don't even have to say anything . :) i think i'm going to re-post my old video . because , like . i took it down . and i feel angry at myself . and i can't figure out how to ... you seem super cool ! :) i'm also horrible at public speaking . when i first saw your profile picture , i fell in love with it . are you a ballet dancer ? i love ballet . all the emotion you can ... i think it's ... 15 ? o : comment comment comment ! ! lawl , maybe not to that extreme , but ... sure ! :) oh yeah , and i forgot to mention : i didn't know all the words . :D ( that's why i spun around , lmao ) and then at the end i did my own little improvy-thing . ( ( also whispering because my ... as far as i know infps aren't very judgemental as to how things look ... remember , we're the feelers . we see whats beyond the outer layer . i think you should definately post a video . :) be ... you don't even have to talk about anything ... - video deleted due to second thoughts the next day when i have actually taken my add medication - here's another one . and i'm not going to hide ... i am absolutely horrible with names . if i forget your name , please don't feel insulted . i just remember your face / your emotions at the time i was talking to you . i hate it when people think you ... i was saddened to see that infp was not the ' omg so rare and exotic ' personality type in the statistics as i was hoping for . :/ but anyways , i am myself , and there is no other person out there like ... oh my goodness , someone who understands me . <3 my room is a bomb scene , sometimes i'm even afraid to sleep in there cause there might be bugs ( god forbid ) . why don't i just do laundry ? umm ... ask ... lol , they'd probably get all awkward and like .. oh ... well then ... erm ... goodbye ... xd <3 infp's hmm ... maybe . :) i like how you're getting deeper , describing yourself . ( brave ) i kind of want to do that , but nah , i'd freeze up in front of the camera . :P i'm also constantly questioning my infp-ness , although i ... that was wonderful . :) adorable dog ! ! i hope i don't spend my life searching for someone . is that what has happened to a lot of infps ? they spend their whole lives trying to find meaning , trying to ... one word : nutella . http://s3.hubimg.com/u/1314086_f260.jpg i love being around other infps . they make me feel so warm and fuzzy inside . <3 thank you . chocolate will bring me away from the computer , though . o : the magestic powers of chocolate <3 i think i spend more time debating with myself whether to go get food than it would take to actually go get it . xd and i love how this blog just sucks up all of my time . :D omg hyperbole ~ <3 i think that as technology in our society is advancing , we are all becoming more technologic-oriented , realistic , ' left-brained ' people . or , at least that is what is becoming more necessary these ... exactly . why waste valuable thinking time making a sandwich ? such necessary tasks clog the mind ! but yeah , maybe it is just laziness ... definately . it has always been a weird , odd fantasy of mine to see a homeless person on the street and to invite them into a restaurant , buy them a meal , and take them to a place to get a job . or ... so i'll just sit here and be hungry until it gets to a point where i might pass out if i don't eat . does this happen to anyone else ? i guess it's sort of like some ... eating ... procrastination ... '