' i always come at things from my own angle , so here goes . looks like i found my typing fingers on this one . over the years , maybe with time comes wisdom . that's what we all hope for anyway . or ... just because we are sensors does not mean that we don't zone out and day dream . okay , yeah , maybe what we day dream about is different ... but i'm not buying this whole package , lock , stock and ... when you can stay home , by yourself , for an entire month and never feel lonely or isolated ... and you consider having groceries delivered . or in dennis the menaces words , two is company , three is a crowd , four is too many and five is not allowed ! substitute your own numbers . lol i can relate to this ! my first and basic response is to be offended ... but ... that is useless ! lol so , what usually works for me , no matter who is doing the ' bossing ' is this : bossy : ' do this , have it ready by 4 . ' ... all i have to say about this is head phones turned up loud ! puts the brakes to anyone trying to be social ! works great . my grandmother was isfj - 1 she did the most amazing cruel embroidery you have ever seen ! she was also an extremely skilled seamstress . she made absolutely amazing dresses and outfits ... i do not believe that i am not creative . i am not driven to create on a daily basis , that is for certain . but i have an amazing scrap book , i have amazing children , and i have been known to write a ... i wouldn't call yesterday a ' while ' . and thank you . i have talked to you all a lot here the last year or so . and i just wanted to tell you , that the love of my life died yesterday morning . thousands of miles away from me . i think i am completely ... isn't it so difficult to find that safety zone ! ? i think in many ways , how and when we reveal our emotions to our partners stem from the same needs when it comes to infj and isf * . that all ... i love the emotions of my infj . they are wonderful and compelling . it's simply a matter of finding the person you feel safe with and allowing them to share with you . when my infj says , ' i feel ... let go of your negative and find your sense of humor . it works . anyone who thinks a polar bear is cuddly should get up close and personal with one , see if they still think the same afterwards . * chuckle * and now we know why an isfj would not knowingly pair themselves with an entj . in fact , i shun this type of person , no need for such nonsense in my life . i am very partial to my infj :) he is my hero . takes a while to find the comfort zone , but persistence and authenticity are a winning combination :) my dad is estj - 1 what a nightmare . i think it depends on their enneagram standing . he has his good points , to be certain . a very smart man . but , it comes down to ' his way ' or the ' highway ' .  ... things change as you get older . people learn to appreciate the things that are truly important . it's a waiting game . of course we zone out , get real ! there are times when i can't remember the hour drive home on the freeway ! ! i know i was there , i know my mind was engaged in the drive and getting me here safely , ... no thanks . i'll keep my infj - 5 . strong , sweet , smart , and has respect for my own 5 boundaries :) perfect . i think that is why i am so attached to my infj . he operates with logic , but the extraverted part of him is fe . he communicates to me with his feelings and i can't tell you how good that feels to ... i met my infj guy through an online dating service we were both signed up for . i had no idea he was infj until after we had been talking for quite a long time . he just kept saying that he lived ... ahhh , the secret is out . i was never going to tell . : shocked : you really have no idea , until you have been there and back again . all i can say is , enjoy . : laughing : never a luckier girl alive to have my infj partner . nobody said it was a walk in the park though . my infj would tell you , that i see deep into his soul . when on the right course , i see infp ... it might be more common to infj ... but it happens to me sometimes too . my infj gets that way ... here and there . depending on the circumstances , determines how long . sometimes he can pull ... wow . i think people are much more individual than that . your temperament is not the entire you ! i think , no matter what personality type , there is always room for growth and potential . just ... i find it interesting and insulting that ' s ' is automatically labeled as ' static ' . if that were even remotely true , the majority of our engineers wouldn't be istj's . isfj's wouldn't have a knack ... i don't really think it has anything to do with making friends and everything to do with boundaries and not wanting many friends . there can be trust issues sometimes too . my love isn't ... you might be right . don't know . my daughter is 19 and my love is 50 . the 19 yr . old is more likely to be social than my 50 yr . old . he does like to go to a soccer game or a basketball game ... i have identical twins , one is infj the other is istj . i think that combination for years gave my istj a looser idea of crazy and it gave her permission to be goofy with the rest of us ... turned out ... lol sorry , didn't mean to imply anything sinister ! :) just tossing out my own observations from being up close and personal ! actually , both my infj's have really fun personalities , they just ... raised an infj , am engaged to an infj , damned if you'll find either of them at a party ... ever ! they are the ones that prefer one on one contact ! if you see a person who comes to the same restaurant ... isn't it wonderful , to see one thing on the outside and know that the inside is anything but reserved and conservative ? i just love that part . i love it when my infj gets excited , it's so fun to ... when the chips are down and my day was so bad ... when i feel the weight of the world on my shoulders and i want to lock myself in my room and cry ... the only person i want is my infj . he loves me ... i love all you infj's but i am not going to read all of your responses and muddy my own waters . first of all , i am isf * . i tend to be isfj at work and ifsp at home . i am engaged to a wonderful ... i think at times that it can be almost impossible to imagine , especially for isfj ... since we don't really live in our imaginations the way ... say an infj does . it seems like we are so full of and ... i start writing things down , like a letter to my best friend . whatever comes out . it really does help . i am no good with a journal , but i am good at sending email to my love , he is my best friend ... a typical intp sticking his nose into something he should walk away from . please , go elsewhere to cause trouble . it's not needed here . i walk away from this forum time and again because of this ... how did ' what sj's think ' turn into an intp forum ? curiouser and curiouser a long line of ... my paternal grandmother was isfj my mother is isfj my father is esfj truely , we are a very screwed up family , of that there can be no doubt . but none of us has ever used ... i don't have that much trouble communicating with the ns in my life . two of my three daughters are n . my fiance is n . honestly , the ns in my life spend more time being scatter brained with their ... sorry , i can't answer that one as i am also a 5 and have been told i may as well be an ist * except it's more complicated than that ... * shrug * humans are complicated , no way around it . sorry , but that just seems surreal to me . i had a less than worse than ideal childhood , and i have never felt the need to take pills or medicate that way . i am thinking this has more to do with ... disagree on the not being able to sleep being the enneagram . i think it's the fj part . haven't met one yet that has an easy time with shutting down their mind so they can sleep at night . isfj infj ... just because i don't let many people into my ' personal space ' ... just because i ' appear ' to be anti-social or isolated ... just because you read something , somewhere , that an extrovert wrote ... never heard this before and really , i don't believe a second of it . i think anyone can be a hypochondriac ... i think anyone can have psychosomatic illnesses . i know that infj can get physically ... check out an istj ... they aren't so scary :) pretty much big ole softies on the inside really :) just gotta crack that outter shell ... then again , that's sorta like an infj isn't it ? :) love ... them entp's are nutcases ! lol one of my best friends is one of them ! makes ya wonder how they survive from day to day lmfao i am engaged to a very sweet and wonderful infj . he is my world . a little over a year ago he went through some really difficult times . i wasn't sure i was going to be able to reach him , find the ... '