' i can concede emotionally unstable as an acceptable description of my younger self . it is only by the grace of god that i escaped adolescence , where numerous episodes of angry , violent , and manic ... http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m658fb3p6C1qg3g8c.gif i'm gifted with this curse i share a similar background with this person you've described , and also partake in weed smoking . eastern culture tends to approach dating and relationships with a more practical and almost ... 1 ) especially hot tea 2 ) not a change per se , but a vote . ix92ve decided to be the type of person and conduct myself in the type of way in which i believe society as a whole should towards each other ... do not be offended if it seems like the intj is not aware of your existence we are aware though . and will even go so far as to do little nice things like stock food that we know you like in the ... this is a pretty good attempt . well done . you are probably close to the mark on your guy's character and frame of mind , but i'm not so sure regarding the reasonings behind his judgement . analysis ... this ted talk video posted by enfjgirl might be relevant : http://personalitycafe.com/enfj-forum-givers/87222-interesting-ted-talk-about-vulnerability-love-acceptance.html it sounds to me you are ... you are funny . quite the beatrice . are you like this in real life ? i must say it would be quite refreshing to hear a woman talk so frankly about men like this in real life , and more so about ... i get the impression from the post your biggest want is to believe everything you've stated above the arrow . i'm all in agreement with treating others well and better , but i do not push or impose as ... i understood it , and i like the twist of words . i missed the root of your original comments that it was referring to the conception / perception of love . people only love money because money ... i believe the biggest impressions that parents will impart onto their children's views and behaviors as adults are by who they are as persons themselves , not what they so call teach ... rest assure your kind gestures are duly noted and greatly , albeit perhaps silently , appreciated . good job ! hi taneka - this is not a disagreement or a reputation . i just want to add a perspective . there is no difference between the person who takes science too seriously , who believe we are nothing but ... - i try my best to accept people as they are and see things from their point of view . i do not have any illusions of grandeur about changing others , and even less so the world . some ... i did a long post and pc erased it for some reason before i can hit reply , so now an abbreviated version . i think my ideas are just statements of the obvious . it is the looks and flak i get from ... i find your thread and posts to be thoroughly interesting , and hence will reward you with a response . - do you mind when people verbally spar with you ? depends on their sparring competency . if ... tell them , better yet demonstrate to them , ( only if it is true ) that you admire and appreciate their expertise in their subject of specialization ( all intjs have one or a few ) , and fully utilize them ... okay i totally get where you're coming from , and see why the situation you've described is frustrating . =) the compartmentalizing comment applies very much to me , and probably makes me less of an ... finding a ' mindmate ' is the most important aspect for longevity sake . it is very difficult for me to accept a commitment of marriage with someone that i can't communicate with well , that is , an ... because i can get people to do what i want them to do love watching sports alone and love it more with people . reason is what hatred said . the art and science of each sport is amazing to watch . every sport is a system , and to see a system ... if i consistently give you my time and attention , then it's pretty safe to say i care and respect you . i can't be persuaded to acknowledge your existent otherwise . i work for a fortune 300 size company , and the only challenge that i've faced is to not allow myself to succumb to boredom and then complacency . i've been working for 5 years now since coming out of ... rah_meqqah - i was fully aware of the irony in my statement , and the cause for that is the irony of life itself . have you ever watched unbreakable with bruce willis and samuel jackson ? the only ... i work with relational databases , i . e ms access but bigger , and i think it is a great career if you are someone who values , or are better at , intellectual work than manual work . the work environment ... big ass smiles even when there eyes speak sadness you have just been orangeappled , booyah ! i'm j / k but that's really how much i liked , and agree with , her post =) this is not directed at you personally rah_meqqah , but i think it is unhealthy and conceited for a person to devote their life and decisions on the basis of promoting the greater good of humanity ... btmangan or other infjs - being too good is a vice and can be harmful , both for yourself and others . there are times that call for ethical actions and there are times that call for unethical actions ... although napoleptic's advice is good , i think popinjay's is better from a guy's perspective . don't bring up the topic specifically unless your friend does first . hang out and give him some ... i think the world is soon moving away from the us dollar as the reserve currency , and this is not necessarily a bad thing for the us neither . there is no such thing as absolute superiority in nature , ... 1 ) i do not think a global government would ever work because of the cultural history of nationalities , but a single reserve currency will be an eventual necessity , probably along the lines of the ... i don't believe in self-sacrifice unless the person involved is very important to me , and even then there is a limit that i'll never cross . so , no , i wouldn't consider you a bitch for having a change ... psa : to woo an enfp , and keep them , you need to follow the advice jerry gave to george in that one episode of seinfeld : “ it ’ s about showmanship , george . when you hit that high note , you say goodnight ... do you believe in destiny ? no . i believe there are a lot of things in life that are out of your control , but there is also such things as good and bad gamesmanship . it takes hard work and smart ... this statement would be funny if you are being sarcastic . how oxymoron it is to ' create ' commandments at each step of the way . just like a handbag for girls , a commandment for every season for intps ? ... for people are created for happiness , and he who is completely happy can at once be deemed worthy of saying to himself : ' i have fulfilled god's commandment on this earth . i'm consider myself a ... - excellent posts . i think the chinese mother thread is about amy chau , the tiger mom . istbkleta - you do not seriously believe a color blind person can will their eyes to learn to see ... let me take a step back , and withdraw the ' our ' from my prior statements and replace it with an ' i ' because i'm sure not all intjs do this , but i certainly do . the reason / motivation to ' test ' ... i think the two types can make for a very entertaining dynamic . both are usually very confident and have a tendency to be cocky , but the expression of these self attributes will differ . intjs ... i don't think tridentus ever concluded about what strong ' is ' , but simply posited the description as general society's standard perception of strength . furthermore , a general observation of the ... hmm ... sounds like both parties have common goals , what's the problem ? joking aside , that's not even what fi is . fi simply means feelings are mainly derived via subjective interpretation rather ... like the post . agree on the general premise of problem solving myself , although i wouldn't necessarily consider myself or personality as problematic . i simply started to consciously pay ... iago from othello - ultimate . scariest . because you'll never know it . falstaff / harry from henry iv - more typical . both are villains but they are so damn charming you can't help but want to ... so what i'm hearing you say is , intj is the very definition of awesome ... =) this is also my favorite anime . very thought provoking ideas . i also couldn't stand suzaku ! if i had to type him , i ... wtf ? how can having resemblance to shakespeare be a bad thing ? how is the ability to understand , and on top of that illustrate with words the full spectrum of the human condition not be enviable but ... 1 ) to be me 2 ) to collect food for thought 3 ) to work my body so i can sleep , and perchance to dream again 4 ) to build and maintain relationships 5 ) to notice , enjoy , and appreciate all that ... i have always had more self-esteem than can be justified . meaning i never needed any tangible achievements or hear any verbalized validation to feel good about myself . i have never felt like an ... esfp - because it would be nice to just live , and be completely in the present . it would be refreshing to luxuriate in a feeling without your brain automatically diluting it with reason . it would be ... '