' thanks for all your responses ! and sorry about the apostrophe mistake . i should also add a younger age category , which is something i forgot to do , thank you . i will post the results later on ! just a couple survey's for intp's to fill out , if you wouldn't mind . https://www.surveymonkey.com/s/WHQ2NPP https://www.surveymonkey.com/s/WHSPDT7 1 . what's the point of thinking ? well , the point of thinking is to reassess the bits of information i have gathered . to ponder on the things i have learned of and decide using a deductive process ... ethology is my favourite branch of science for sure , though i do like physics and chemistry as well . i agree that math is important but animal behaviour , to me , is very interesting . it's a branch of ... i come from the exact side of the clock that this thread is supposed to be about but i'd thought i'd post because my experiences with my sj dominated family haven't been all that bad . my mother is ... what do you guys think his type is ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YXnOzsRaYU0 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r0RCYUa3Kbg more information if you google search kevin richardson zoologist ... i find that odd as one of my closest friends is isfp . from what i know , she admires my way of thinking and i think hers is interesting . we don't have a ton in common other than tv show interests but ... i actually said goodnight to my family without using a begrudging tone . intp attracted to : infj , intj , intp repulsed by : esfj , estj , u200benfp mom : isfj dad : istp grandmother : istj uncle : esfx i don't see much similarity ... - why after so many times eating this chicken without ketchup , have i finally began to eat it with ketchup ? - why isn't my 7up getting rid of the pepper taste in my mouth ? - how in the hell do you ... i find esfj's and isfj's fairly hard to understand . i sometimes have difficulty understanding enfp's and infp's as well . mbti is not the greatest theory . their isn't a lot of research to prove it even exists in the first place . the only thing i can't get , is that intp's are very similar to each other . we , who type as ... i don't mean to sound rude ... but this is a fairly redundant conversations as every one dreams . even if you don't remember your dreams , you still have them , every night . also eating before you go ... here are my thoughts on types scott : isfp allison : ixfj lydia : estp jackson : estp derek : istj stiles : enfp ? ? ? i'm really not sure , but i don't think he's an intp issac : isfj erica : esfp this article is a stub , but it's neat nonetheless . the two very dense objects in the case of the one kilonova that was discovered where neutron stars . also , gotta love schrodinger's cat ! ... my mother is an isfj ... and my dad is most likely an istp . my grandmother is really close to the family , which is basically just me and my mom and she is an istj . other than those i've only typed ... let me say first off that i know nothing about marilyn but from what i've heard here and just around . she does strike me as an isfp . not the point i'm making though . sparky ... you seem to be ... i'd guess intp as well going from basically what you stated . he cared deeply about harry's mother and harry himself but he never knew how to show it ... inferior fe ? his inventions seemed more ... i find people interesting ... as study objects and something to learn about but i do not prefer them over animals . in many cases i find animals more interesting and intriguing . people push me to ... if i lack a form of understanding about the product with a manual i usually read it to the t . if i have some form of understanding , i skim the manual and fine print . if they're loopholes and / or ... age : sixteen turning seventeen fairly soon gender : female ethnicity : u200bcaucasian personality trait you are proudest of : logicality ( best guess ) profession : i want to be an ethologist ? currently ... i personally listen to classical music while taking tests . ( if teachers allow so , and if they don't i hate them > : c ) . i can't listen to music with lyrics while doing anything that requires ... four was very hard for me to type ... but i did go with intj . he seems to fit it more than istj . christina seems to fit estp pretty well ... i never typed her when reading the books . 1 ) name your favorite color , and give 3 adjectives which describe what you like about it . royal purple , i like that it's a darker colour , a deep colour and somewhat bright . 2 ) name your ... intj because you're dark and mysterious . infj , because there is little information about you . intj because animals and reading . - paleontologist - veterinarian - marine biologist - police officer - psychiatrist - ethologist ( stuck on this one ) your type : intp infp : i have one infp friend . her morals and values are very strong , so we clash occasionally . she's also much less logical and rational than me and we don't agree on much . we talk ... 77591 77552 77452 1 . you discover your wonderful one-year-old child is , because of a mix up at the hospital , not yours . would you want to exchange the child to try to correct the mistake ? if i was in that ... 7671976720 7672176722 i know an intj who loves to draw . she creates characters and draws her ideas she gets from imagination mostly . she also takes things somewhat from real life and draws them with her idea of what she ... thank you ! i do like this test as well , it gives an interesting perspective on ones personality . i still do believe she is enfj . the results are very interesting ... though i do agree it is just another stupid test . i have taken it before and the last time i got 12 . i think it just judges you on what society wants not ... helloquizzy.com : the empathy quotient scale i hope this hasn't been posted over here before . i found it in the istj forum . the original version of the website is broken ... not sure why so i ... i have been attempting to type one of my friends for quite some time . she took this test - - test | 3d psyche and got a result of sentimental . here is a link to her actual results - - sentimental | ... what are your parents ? i'm fairly positive my father is an istp and i'm positive my mother is xsfj but i'm not sure on e / i , i've been leaning towards e . i'm going to tell you that my grandmother is ... yes . i have been reading for most of my life , and never really want to put books away . i also have tons of them . i've kept up blogging for over a year now ... and i'm getting into bikejorring . as ... i personally find them easier in doses but they are pretty fun to be around and communication isn't difficult . 1 ) what is your mbti type ? intp . 2 ) what is your gender ? female . 3 ) what type ( s ) do you admire / respect the most ? ( why ? ) intp i'd love to see this happen ! but as you can see , i'm an intp so i'll just hop on this thread to watch . 1 . for a person you loved deeply , would you be willing to move to a distant country knowing there would be little chance of seeing your friends or family again ? possibly . relying so heavily on ... i love the second one ! thank you so much ! i appreciate it . if anyone would be willing to make me one that would be great ! 1 . george r . r . martin : a song of ice and fire 2 . phillip pullman : his dark materials 3 . veronica roth : divergent / insurgent / allegiant ( which has yet to be released ) 4 . sharon stewart : raven quest ... '