' agreed . i know two enfps irl , and both are gossips , one is a woman ... the other a man . the female enfp is very snobby ( not that all are - but she really is ) and i used to have to work with her , as we ... yes , it's relatively accurate for me . i do tend to make the first move , however there is this tendency to foul things up if i'm trying too hard to flirt and am feeling like there is something to lose ... thank you . your kindness and ability to imagine something like this happening between an infj and intp means a lot to me . yes , this was hard to go through , because i idealized how it could be , ... intp , i'm done with this . recently , i dated another intp and it dawned on me , that the very reasons why i distanced myself from him would ultimately be the very same reasons i would leave ... i hope to answer the question in the way it was intended . if you mean what date do i normally first kiss a person , it would be on the 2nd or 3rd . the first is too soon , unless i've known them for a ... - frasier - breaking bad - kids in the hall - saturday night live - impractical jokers - curb your enthusiasm - hawaiian 5-0 - obsession : dark desires - golden girls - beavis and butthead this is just my experience and limited , because i have only dated one intp male long term and then liked another intp male but he was already taken , so of course , i never ended up approaching him on ... i rarely understand the questions which you pose , yet i think i was able to follow this one . you seem to simply be asking is there a point of no return , once the door is slammed ? or even , is there ... yes as an infj female that had a long term relationship with an isfj - i fully agree with this statement . i love isfjs and that is all . :-) not anymore . over the last few years , i've become more observant . typically , most people get along with me pretty well and vice versa . i'm low key and not very judgmental . so , i've noticed in the ... me too ! ! ! something else this is great , i really like it . it makes me feel understood in many ways - like someone is looking underneath all the layers and not just the surface . glad you shared this . agreed . as a counselor , i've always really liked maslow's hierarchy of needs . the pursuit of self-actualization can be a very worthwhile goal , imho . and really when thinking about steps and goals ... thanks . this may sound a tad silly , but subconsciously , it makes me wonder if i'm cautious of abandoning my independence by needing a person , rather than wanting them . the latter is much ... as an infj , it almost feels as if it is in my dna code to help . i genuinely enjoy it ... and more often than not prefer to help with things that am able too , although that might not be in all areas . ... the best dates so far have usually been something outdoors in nature , although that may be best for 3-5 dates in . i don't usually go into any secluded area with someone that am just beginning to get ... although nobody but him could be certain if he felt somewhat humiliated ... my best guess would be no . also , it might be good to ask the question ... in the rare event that someone could be humiliated ... yes , lol . reluctantly honest ... but yes . : unsure : perfectly said ... agreed . p . s . the chocolates are a great sign that he most likely likes you . but , you will have to give him very clear / strong signals or be somewhat open with your intentions ... because him pursuing could be ... interesting take / opinion . i like to be the pursuer in the relationship . i don't like it when men pursue me , it can get to be too much ... too often . typically speaking from what i can gather in ... wow , i would have never guessed that response because of your profile pic . well played . maybe you should have ? sodium glad to give any feedback anytime from this end of the unusual infj thought processes , lol . i tend to laugh , because deep down ... i know that there is almost this bizarre manner of me ... okay , thanks . it's wonderful that there are not further complications that could make feelings and decisions even more complex . btw , sounds like you have a very good grasp on things and i think ... i'm so glad that you heard me out ... it was actually nice to vent out my own thoughts and see them written down . thankful that you understood where i was coming from . also , as a side note ... i had one ... sodium okay , i had a situation with an intp male like this and we were in a situation where dating would not have been a good idea , professional reasons . please bear with me , while i tell you ... lol ! ! ! thank you , that's kind of you . i wish there had been a little wine there . me and cuz kept looking at that redi-whip bottle , haha . :-) agreed . to feel emotion ... is human ; to deny them ... is intp . : wink : said by youngest aunt , no , that is normal ... we always tie up the cats with duct tape before we bathe them , it keeps them docile before we rip it off . said by new oldest aunt's husband , you know ... personally , i have met 3 enfps and i strongly disliked all of them . too needy and yet thought they were better than everyone else . it was such a strange combination . hope and doubt that they're not ... the only reason i need you in a box is because you behave better in one , i truly only want what's best for you . i know what is better for you than you do , because i've read two posts of yours know so ... oh puhleazzze ! stop projecting ! ! ! when are you going to realize that this thread is not all about you . fenix we know the real reason this thread died . it was your fault . you and your unknown ... it's a somewhat complicated process . first there is the intuition ( and as i'm a born-again christian - attribute this to the promptings of the holy spirit that come after being saved as a way to ... oh don't worry she made a homerun , and three times in one night . oreo blizzard or pumpkin pie ? your answer will determine so much . i want to like you , but only if your special enough okay . : wink : it's a shame ... rosemary was such a pretty girl . that's funny cause i only think about sex when i'm drinking . lol . this is so cool , and i don't know why ... but when reading this statement ... i read it in the construction worker friend ( lawrence ) voice in my head ... where he replies by saying the kinda chicks ... intherockies - i'm very interested also in learning more as to how everything went . please share more about this . when i read your post , the feels . the number of times that i get called cutie and sweetie'honey in a year is equal to how many times women cry more due to hormones . although i do live in the ... lol . well , we could blend some of the excellent intp responses ( so far ) together ... such as ... on of the things kindly suggested by mindbot . it might go down something like this with these blended ... just reading this now . and have got to say that you're spot on . the intp crush that i had on this guy for a long time implied this all the time . of course , as an infj we can usually tell what someone ... yum , thanks ! ! ! it does taste much better this way . also , i also like frosted shredded wheat for dinner some nights . don't judge . : tongue : well , i have always heard there is nothing that can really get things moving and going like a good ole ' bowl of raisin bran . double post / reply am going to post an actual intp and infj interaction with each other . and to me , it's spot on ... the way they talk and joke around with each other . now , of course ... i am very sure that the eating ... '