' i haven't met any , except i have a suspicion that my little brother might be an infj too . he doesn't give a crap about personality tests so he won't take one though . nah , i think i have overly intense eyes . my resting face isn't very innocent , i've found i intimidate people even though i don't mean to . i've found writing things down therapeutic and a good activity to engage in in general . some people might feel the need to tell it to someone but try just letting all your jumbled negative feelings ... what do you mean there are a lot of negative comments towards that profession ? even if there are i don't necessarily see why that should stop you . as for the shyness thing , the thing about shyness ... how did you get close to your husband ? however you did it , you somehow let him in . he's an example ( i'm assuming ) that getting close to people can be good sometimes - it's not always going to end up ... yes , it's inappropriate . and bad people deserve to get in trouble . your feelings are valid , what he's doing isn't right . the fear of taking action and talking yourself out of it is the worst ... i'm too stupid and lazy for everything . there i said it . hmph . when infjs come to the infj forum they want to be in a community with others who are their type . they often want to discuss things about being an infj and what it's like and you want to get an infj ... i have a large portion of myself that i don't show people , even close friends , and i don't even realize it fully sometimes . like i'm so used to being this hidden person that it just feels natural to ... my first post was like one sentence long and it was stating my opinion but you felt the need to spend your time writing a pointless ranting novel back to me , but you're right , i'm totally the one who ... cry more . is being good at guessing a ni thing ? is anyone else here a really good guesser ? i am a lot of times , but everyone says it's a ne thing , not a ni thing , because ne has more to do with the external ... it is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it . ” - aristotle for me , maturity is when a person hurts you and you try to understand their situation ... obviously mistyped infjs on this forum ... just ... go away i guess that's basically what i meant . that's an interesting way to put it . i want to be clear that i'm not asking whether totally fake people ( like the person who pretends to be someone's ... i'm not sure if i'm going to be able to explain this well , i'm not feeling very eloquent tonight . is goodness just in how you treat people ? say someone's outwardly observable behavior is nice ... when i think of an obsessed person i think of someone who wants to find out everything about a particular thing , person , etc . whatever their obsession is . say their obsession is whales . they'll ... i think philosophy uses a lot of ni . i can relate to this . i've been called quiet by most people all my life , but i just have to be talking about something i'm interested in or be around people i'm comfortable with , i guess . maybe it ... enfjs have all the same functions , just slightly shifted ... why are people so dumb ? ugh . it's annoying . today is just one of those days where i feel like i'm smarter than 80 % of people . i'm not gonna ! i'm teaching myself how to play and i gave up a few times before in the past , but i've been really getting the hang of it now :p roud : learning to play guitar is kind of painful , but it's so worth it :p roud : on the contrary i always read that infjs are pretty tolerant and so conflict-avoidant that they let people do multiple things while silently putting up with it but eventually just can't do it ... when i was in high school , my brother and i took the bus to school , and our bus stop was pretty far from our house . my next door neighbor drove his daughter to the bus stop since it was pretty far ... warmth 3 i'm an infj and a lot of the time i basically have to restrain myself from writing novel-length posts on here , especially when it's about something i'm really interested in . i love how some tea company actually went to the trouble to make teas for myers-briggs personality types haha , that's cute . the infj one looks good ( except idk what osmanthus is ) look in the education & career talk forum , you'll probably find lots of helpful stuff there . brown , bright neon green ( ew go away ) , and i don't really like pink either . overall results http://cl1.psychtests.com/te_images/gray_scheme/reports/spacer.gifhttp://cl1.psychtests.com/te_images/gray_scheme/reports/graph_arrow.gif 66 ... sometimes i feel like my ni is a sort of overthinking and it sometimes gets in the way of just being fully into an experience and being in the moment in a carefree way . it's like this voice and i ... i haven't been told that . i usually think pretty carefully . you can get somewhat different results on those cognitive functions tests if you take them more than once . i've taken cognitive functions tests 3 + times and because i spaced them out , waited a few ... honestly about 80 % of the things my mom says are negative or complaints . it's so draining . i took her to the grocery store and right when she got in the car she just started complaining about ... waited until the last possible moment to tell my parents something because i hate confrontation and talking to people about important things . and it turns out , they weren't even angry or had any ... i have thought of the fact that it would be an area that i would be knowledgeable of so that would make it easier than if i was just suddenly asked to explain something i had no idea about , so that ... i can be pretty bad at explaining things so that's one reason i don't think i would excel at teaching . i mean , it depends , and i'm better at writing than speaking . but good teaching requires skill ... apparently infj's are the coldest nfs . i've seen lots of people say things about infjs such as that they're cold on the outside but not on the inside , it just takes a while for them to open up and ... sometimes i feel like i have to trust my gut instinct and do what my hunches are telling me or else something bad will happen . i mean , life is kind of showing me this . it's like if i don't do ... the part where you said how she says she's always right was amusing . i secretly have a thing with thinking i'm right 97 % of the time . i don't know if i would be as extreme and re-state being always ... the idea that people are entitled to their feelings is something i've believed in and talked about for a long time but haven't applied to myself as much as i should . i don't like when people act as ... i don't really worry that my posts are being ignored because that would be victimizing myself . i feel like life is just beating me up every day . day after day . why is looking at people's tumblrs so interesting ? ! y'all have good tumblrs , i just followed a ton on this thread . ( i want to post mine but at the same time don't so yeah . ) seems like a lot of intps are 5w4s which is what i am . hm . this has nothing to do with your post and idk where to say this or anything but i really like your new signature i just force myself to do stuff . i too have struggled with not knowing how to just do things and wondering how other people stay productive , but it helps if i literally just make myself do things and ... almost cried watching olympic ice skating smh 1 . closer - tegan and sara 2 . stubborn love - the lumineers 3 . san francisco - the mowgli's 4 . if so - atlas genius 5 . smile - avril lavigne 6 . popular song - ariana grande 7 . white teeth ... '