' i think the girl is just insecure about herself , and she's looking for someone who is loyal enough to stand with her and help her out . as an infp , i grew up in a very estj-centric environment , ... oh wow , i didn't know so many infps did computer science / engineering ! i'm going to my 3rd year in computer engineering , still an undergraduate in university , and currently i'm on an internship :) ... do you mind if i put this in my sig ? xd i'll quote you of course :P i can relate to you a lot ; i always wanted to fit in when i was in high school , and i failed miserably : laughing : that was actually a great thing , because i learned two things : 1 . we infp's can be so ... : laughing : apologies , i didn't mean my questions that way , i was just trying to see life from a different perspective , through the eyes of someone who's a different gender , and to see how their ... i agree with you , but you have no idea how hard it is to be as blunt with a girl as you would be with a guy : laughing : ( from a male perspective , i mean ) and you wouldn't even want that as a girl , ... i understand :) it might be because men are ' expected ' to ' think ' like that , but in reality a lot of us are feelers too so :D and god ... can't we just go with the head on a pike thing ? ... good point ... i was just asking out of interest , but then i ended up writing a whole wall of text : laughing : as anticipated , here comes a barrage of breast jokes : laughing : and girls do get away with a lot when it's a guy on the other end , and the prettier he thinks the girl is the more she can get away ... as a girl , what is the thing that pops up in your mind the most when you think about the fact that you are one ? what is the action or thought that you might do / think about that ' reminds ' you of the ... i wish i was more of an autodidact , but sadly i have no time due to the stupid school system shoving stuff down my throat : tongue : i've always liked learning and teaching , and i'm the type that ... thanks for the replies , everyone , it's really much appreciated : happy : i went and talked to my advisor a second time , and apparently they check reduced courseload applicants on a case-by-case ... hi everyone , basically , i'm fed up with how the educational system is broken and i'm fed up with how i'm being rushed and crammed through my studies only to get this silly piece of paper called ... i am no rhymer , but i do enjoy a good rhyme ^ ^ i find religious sacred texts to be very thought-provoking , especially in the context of existentialism . that is , they make me think about life :P even if i don't agree with some things in some of ... thank you all for this thread ... i'm having more or less the same exact problem sam 127 is having and it's a really frustrating and constricting situation to be , and all your q & a helped clear up my ... basically the same as what oh_no_she_didnt said :P my dad is an estj , and he is very dominating / bossy as well , which made it really difficult for us to deal with each other ; i wanted freedom and ... i always liked teaching people , and i feel like working in education is really fun , when you're not being blockaded or manipulated by the world's broken education system :P i think it's really nice ... we all do , don't we ? but then people go and break the trust which they so desperately need from people themselves . it's like doing the wrong thing has its own punishment in this life . and in the ... i know how you feel , it's such a horrible thing to have your loyalty and trust broken by someone ... i also have stopped being loyal to acquaintances and strangers since i was a kid and ' learned ... i don't understand ... a lot of things . too many to list xd edit : i don't understand why i can't get myself to like work either ... maybe no significant motivator ? unlike most people , i don't want ... i'm hsp too , and basically everything everyone said here applies to me as well , so i'll avoid repeating that :P i grew up in very emotionally dry atmospheres , which ' scarred ' my personality pretty ... oh , we can all play then ! i personally stopped playing lol because i was afraid of getting addicted and i suck at competitive multiplayer so much i always get my ego handed to me , but i'm up for ... hey , count me in too ! :) * waves nervously * ^ ^ well , that's how my partner and i paired up ; we just met and experienced this whole emotional affair thing :) we are both infp's , and both of us did have a couple of emotional affairs which were only ... i'm a muslim :) tip : islam is basically the opposite of everything you hear from mainstream media . cupofcloud : i'm a bit of a sufi too ^ ^ the topic ( as far as i know ) doesn't have a name , so in short it is : why empiricism won't make you content , why we can't control everything , why we shouldn't have ourselves as the center of our ... 67664 haha , spot on i guess xd although i find this quiz kind of ... superficial , somehow ( i'm sorry , please , no , not the hammerarrrgh ... anyway xd ) i'm surprised to see how the result lines up ... you should definitely play kingdom hearts ! it's one of the most emotional games i ever played :) it might be a bit too cheesy at times , but it has one of the best emotional stories ever ( imho ) and i ... give him a hug . tell him it's gonna be alright . comfort him . tell him something sweet . most importantly , don't over-complicate things . :) i find that praying really helps me , because it reminds me that fate isn't really dictated by man except by our intention and our moral choices , and it also reminds me that in a maximum of 70 years ... me :P in all seriousness though , i have old binoculars and an old film camera ( with the flash and everything ! ) from my grandfather . he died a while ago , so it's kind of special for me . although i ... this is my first time sharing this music publicly ; i'm just an amateur guitarist ( although an ambitious one :P ) and a huge music fan (: d ) so i hope my music isn't too bad xp ... because they ... okay , so we need a way to be able to group each other . any suggestions ? :P : that's nice ! do you know anything about how plugins are made , can you fill me in ? i might be able to make one that allows some sort of portal into other servers , but i'm not sure if it's ... oh wow , these are much more responses than i expected ! i didn't know so many of you guys and girls played :D tjseabury posted his creative server , so i'm gonna post my survival one . i don't have ... i'm not sure if this is against the rules , so sorry if i'm breaking any . i really really like minecraft ! are there any people on here who also like this game ? i'd really like to play it with ... you both are awesome . these two posts are awesome . :D i don't really know if the title makes sense , so i'll try to clarify : you know these melancholic songs that have a certain progression / rythm / riff / section that just makes a surge of emotion run ... this thread made me realize that i'm unusually attached to my walls , because all the time i was thinking about what i would have said to the walls , not the other way , while imagining myself caressing ... you're definitely not alone :P xd the amount of math involved in it is much more than you think , i'm in computer engineering and the math is driving me insane , and this is coming from a person who actually likes math . i'm ... let's see ... a fighter pilot , i really want that one , even now xd at least , i want to be able to fly a plane . a random person who just roams around the planet in populated areas and nature , with ... i fear that i'm not letting the ones who truly love me close enough to me ; that my self-defence mechanism is shutting everyone out , including them . i'm afraid that i'm becoming a hypocrite to my ... why thank you kind sir =) i was just throwing the idea around to see if someone's willing to form an unofficial group or something ; some things you can't do alone , so :P oh , you mean that you would have this guy that just elaborates on things using long strings of words and complex vocabulary in order to produce these large sets of paragraphs that take a long time to ... runemarks well ... yes and no xd i think it would make me feel more like content , which is not happiness , but can easily be confused with happiness ... this doesn't make sense xd feeling content is ... i was thinking more like constantly :P no sitting down needed xd my brother does the same to me , only he's an extravert thinker , and a teenager ... which is a bad combination xd yeah , that's ... i'm going to try to keep this short and simple . i'm not pursuing happiness anymore ; it's not the point of my life on this world . i want to produce ; not the industrial , modern day ... milkshakes well , i think that he's just too focused and absorbed in his problems . maybe all he needs is for someone to explicitly show that they acknowledge him and accept him and stuff , again , ... '