if i'm reading then i stop for nothing save the back cover . a good book can be done front to back in less than 16hrs . i have to force myself to put it down and sleep but , only when necessary . i avoid the person , withdrawing completely . if it's someone i was close to then i think about it first . if i decide that it would be more positive to keep them in my life , then i attempt to explain ... the only time i have a problem dealing with my two younger sisters is emotionally . i have essentially raised them both and continue to look after their needs even now they are in their 20 ' s ... trust for me is a layer thing , it depends on how i feel about who i'm talking to as to what level of trust . once trust is broken or lost i struggle deeply , usually avoidance sets in . i've not been told cold or callous , i've been called harsh or closed off though asthma ( step 4 ) anxiety and anaemia all the a's . i have never been diagnosed , my young sister has since fourteen . i do have depressive states where i withdraw and isolate , mainly because my reaction and temper can flare and it's safer to hide ... paranoid schizoid schizotypal all high 1.people human nature 2.colour confusing ( anny is colour blind ) 3.money in this life would like a bit more , ideally would matter . 4.life first , decide that i'm in charge , second discuss such an occurrence . xhtml , css and php right now . i suck lollipops i can't sit still during a holiday , i love to explore . i think it's important to do more than lie in the sun all day , as others have said if i have made the effort to get there i feel it would be ... nbps nature , background , big picture , and shape you perceive the world with particular attention to nature . you focus on the hidden treasures of life ( the background ) and how that fits into the ... i could be made of sugar and spice ... mainly nutmeg though . my avatar is me if i was a smiley i have trouble relating to other women , but i also work with a group of lads , few of which i get on with . most of my friends are male , i have fewer that are female . i enjoy my friends company , i ... yes , my friends and family tell me i have a great voice when i sing . i'll never be a professional because i can't stand being the centre of attention , couldn't stand on a stage and love singing . the ... my voice changes , it depends on who it is directed at and why . i have a low voice for a female and i'm from the north west of england so there are a few colloquialisms thrown in . there are ... i studied computing and programming and now work as programmer . i love the job , can't stand the colleagues , politics or the bureaucracy , they've treated me badly and i'm plotting my escape . i'm leaving for a long weekend with great friends in ireland . the media have done their usual 24 hour coverage since the announcement , ever increasing . i just don't care , there are bigger things ... fail to follow and understand my logic , then attempt to use it against me . asking something of me with as few words as necessary . fail to understand what i'm saying and despite several attempts ... extroversion results were low which suggests you are very quiet , unassertive , and aloof . yep emotional stability results were low which suggests you are very worrying , insecure , emotional , and ... i think the chameleon thing for me is a projection of various aspects of my personality , some i am more familiar with than others . others i am not comfortable with , but i am capable of using them . ... i need to find a balance , it shifts often but i take as much time as needed for myself . socialising takes a lot out of me . i can't allow myself to become bitter , for me it's a destructive place and i ... i don't think i am self centered , i've been told by a few that i am self sacrificing and need to look after myself more . i do think there are others in my life that would say i appear self ... 64 ... for today i do not like physical contact in most forms , even when my friends go to hug me , i tend to jump even when someone brushes by me . i do like a romantic interest to be somewhat affectionate , probably ... conceptual : 26 practical : 19 adventurous : 15 social : 11 i had a traumatic childhood . i doubt i was ever extrovert , if i think about it , i think i was a happy child for a short time , though not exactly a sociable one . then some awful experience ... i like my job , my colleagues and the office politics i can't stand . a fair bit of my resentment is due to the way i have been treated . i frequently suffer from insomnia 75 + hrs seems to be the point where reality tends to slide . i think of random questions like , why are letters shared as they are ? and who arranged the alphabet in that order and why ? those are some big big questions same for me , if i get more than 4 hours sleep , its a good night . it's always a relief when i do fall asleep , it's something i find hard to do . i've tried ... i'm definitely not panicking . it's a disastrous series of events , but also risks of such a thing happening have always been there . the japanese seem to be coping well , i'm more interested in the ... google keeps me awake at night , knowing i have access and the ability to read about any subject that pops into my fuzzy little head at any time . i also keep myself awake , anxieties , the inability to ... i like silence , although the only time i truly feel it is when i am outdoors and alone . most of the time i fill silence with the noise inside my head . i listen intently at work and at home , i find it interesting when people assume you're not listening . i block out the world around me , if i'm in public i have my headphones in all the time , too ... i hate small talk , i've found those daft enough to start it aren't really interested in any response i give , it's just a way to for them to receive some sort of acknowledgement that they can talk to ... i find myself agreeing with procrastination and apathy . for me i'll add other people , constantly being misunderstood , being treated unfairly and self destruction . a future as the crazy cat woman ... wow , you're right ! i find it difficult to find and keep friends . i don't like meeting new people , i find i have an aversion to it . also the friends i have understand there are times when i have to withdraw and be by ... i don't show love , so i'm told . i have had family and friends tell me i'm cold and distant , that i need to show i care . i do show it by taking people out for a meal , spending time with them , ... philosopher here too . i can plan well , i find execution difficult . i've recently given up planning as i often get frustrated when i have taken the time to do so and something goes wrong . i think i'm becoming more of ... i say please and thank you or cheers to bus drivers , shop assistants handing me my change , i suppose to most people providing a service . i suppose that more from being raised to say these . i find ... i'm asthmatic and aware of my breathing , it's gets tiring sometimes . i love reading and can finish a book in one evening , once i'm into a book i dislike stopping and prefer to read cover to cover . i currently work as a programmer , i create events ( theatre , stadiums etc ) the company i work for use a basic command structure across several hosts and i constantly construct algorithms . i enjoy ... assumptions are the mother of all screw ups - jules , pulp fiction [ edited slightly ] my final point about alchohol , about drugs , life ... what business is it of your's what i do , read , buy , see or ...