' have to say i was pretty surprised to come back to nine notifications , all of them thanks from this thread , after almost a year . usually just avoid the threat of rejection all together by not putting myself out there . real healthy . awh . sundays aren't really my forte . :( i fell asleep . :P perhaps i'll have more luck next time . <3 how about tonight ? :D aaand i missed it . :( i'm jealous of and her amazing powers of necromancy ! but hey ! i'm sure if she really gave it a try , she could find an even older thread about something we've seen on the subforum ten times ... seems to me like we're sometimes portrayed like this : this is not something i condone , or even remotely recognise myself in . now i realise we might seem random ( at least i'm pretty darn sure ... reddit , with reddit enhancement suite and safe for work mode turned on , tvtropes , stumbleupon , youtube . oh and www.udacity.com if i'm in the mood for being semi-productive and spending my time ... astronaut , deep sea submarine operator , fighter jet pilot , computer engineer . and now , well , i flunked one exam , so i'm not a computer engineer yet ... maybe next year . have you tried telling him ? was going to write the same thing . i think a big part of this might stem from ecstasy and other drugs , and then they just keep dancing for hours and hours while drinking way too little . ( and perhaps ... i had a great time being drunk on tinychat the other day , you should try that . :) it gets better with time . that's all . come on ! more people ! yepp . especially the part where people think i'm angry and aggressive . though , once people get to know me they realise that's not true . i also have a huge problem with people who would rather ... too much work . fine idea though . http://i.imgur.com/Ylijt.gif munchkin , settlers of catan , monopoly , pathfinder ( dungeons and dragons ) , risk , zombie dice . i'm not too big on favourites , it changes constantly , and it all changes according to setting and mood , ... ile . if the title of this thread is true .. well , at least we got numbers to keep us company . :) yep ! often . i completely butcher words , and go blææh , not what i was trying to say , let me try that again . sometimes i swap the first letters of two following words with each other ; oach ... as an entp , this is a lot of fun . looking over to the entj , watching the gears grind for a moment ( i already know what's going to happen , and what needs to be done . ) when something needs to be done , ... and we're done . pack it up boys . well , if you consider a future college graduate with no working experience in the business to be perfect , i certainly wouldn't turn down and offer to be part of that . 15 credits short of a b.sc in computer engineering , hopping from the local college to the university of oslo to fill in the last credits and pick up a b.sc and possibly a m.sc in nano electronics if ... true , true . the taxes are high , but then again , so are the salaries . the middle class family is a lot better of here than in most other places of the world . oh and should you ever decide to skip ... norway . :) large pizza with peperoni ( lots and lots ) , beef , ( crispy ! ! ) bacon , hold the pineapple , chopped onion . i'll take that order with a large bottle of coke and some béarnaise sauce on the side , thanks . yes , ... my uncle took up silversmithing as a hobby a few years back , he mostly focused on creating viking-jewlery . he gave me a small knife looking thing made out of silver on a thin round leather strap , i ... u200b . work out regularly ? if not , try it , i know it's hard , especially the regularly part . also , eating enough , is obviously essential . ah ! this is good ! russians , people in black and white , stripy prison suits , brown trench coats and fedoras and tabloids with holes cut in them to look trough , orange prison outfits , british spies , ... i .. how - don't even . is th , 20some ? ! oh god , my brain ! occasionally . mostly only when drinking , but i'm trying to cut back on that , seeing how bad it is for your health and all . i do use snus , as mentioned earlier , though . on a regular ... that last idea sounds great .. u200b lucky number slevin . i can't believe no one has mentioned this movie yet , after seeing the lists of movies on here , it can't possibly be because there isn't a single intj who likes it .  ... when i'm done with my education , ( whenever that might be ) i hope to work in private sector in long hour , high stress job , take on as much as possible and really burn the candle at both ends , save up ... i was given one of those large calvin and hobbes books as a gift when i was 10 . still one of my most prized possessions . :) ctrl-shift-esc to get directly to the task manager in windows . no need for ctrl-alt-del , then clicking the open task manager . button . beware , if you didn't know this , and frequently use the task ... you really have a zen thing going . i like it . :) oh and i derailed yet another thread . my apologies , i don't even know how it keeps happening . so , you're saying entps are the dumb nts ? ;) i disagree with you completely . it's not narrow-minded to have a physical preference to someone , purely based on aesthetics . that sounds more like the kind of thing you can't help . it's not a ... i think i read somewhere that after the first three months , you shouldn't be allowed to choose anymore . if i remember correctly that's the system we have in norway . but later abortions are allowed ... also , i wouldn't say that it's impossible for an entp to have systems and make plans . you would rather solve with violence what could be solved with diplomacy and rational thinking ? i can't respect that . you talk about users of violence with disgust , and i agree . doesn't blindly ... they are rarer than a lot of other cases , but unfortunately they are not as rare as they should be . ( there shouldn't be any such cases . ) i find that when arguing with those who are ... wouldn't you also agree that it's better for a 17 year old rape victim who lives on her own and is already having a hard time supporting herself , should be allowed to choose wether or not she wants ... this is me , for pretty much anything i find amazing , interesting , fun . i'm usually not at all excited or very much so . an old movie called ' the shining ' guffaw ! let me just polish my film-snob monocle while i talk in a condescending tone . jokes aside , you're technically right , it's an old movie , it's ten years ... '