fuck u cumguzzler 1 i was rly lookin forward to gaylord mcbareback : crying : u pissed birdsintrees off with ur stupid username requests she shoulda named u all cumguzzler 1 , 2 , 3 , etc . that wasn't fun and games . i got my name changed to fagatronicus before so i thought gaylord mcbareback was ok . is anon pervathon acceptable ? sunday is too p to mod ... perc crush gone terribly wrong ... it was just a pun . not related to topic idiocy = not stumbling drunk ? ? ? ? staaahp maths is hard :( havent u ppl heard of low-sugar cereal ? its the adult cereal ip drip roofies ^ guy in ur avatar needs an exorcism oh shit u spelled cts name wrong ! all hell is gonna brake loose now evrybody scatter , save urselves thats adorable to ct http://68.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_kyrp7aEmuw1qzzhzdo1_500.jpg i mean its better than pure piss rite i wanna fit in and have a perc crush but im socially disabled by my hatred of ppl u can do all that stuff freelance i think professional mourner liberal victim sub professional beta gay fanfic author ( professional shipper ) eating nothing but breakfast cereal that shit is bomb in accordance with the librul agenda , stem cells from aborted fetuses have been used to genetically engineer children that are born gay now the conservuhtives cant tell ppl that gaydom is a choice ... the poor ppl have reproduced way too much , so we're now giving away babies as door prizes https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ARGgOTuSK0 prolly all anime evar wut ? what the hell is anyone talking about i thought the same thing , but i was noticeably still b12 - deficient when i didn't take that dose daily . my doctor told me to take one daily , the directions on the bottle said to take one daily , and i ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OloLS5kTrVs&list=RDqnjYyfkcaNI&index=2 gaylord mcbareback not joking do u have like a secret stash of emojis that no one else can access something with teletubbies ouch : crying : why are u po didnt ur skool 4 kids who cant read good succesful when it comes to hobbies and tastes , no , not really . yes because trends are partially made up of people who are into something primarily because other people are into it , which seems ... they sensitive and cant logic so they stay away from the main forum good thing im here to shove my hard facks up their ass yes , there are definitely better things than someone who can fulfill basic requirements of adulthood ( in an industrialized society ) . i felt most alive when i was homeless and living in a tent on the edge of town . living outdoors and being more immediately connected to basic necessities , i guess . i've seen the light and now support incest . pc is prancylvania lets prance , boys ! 717369 why do you wanna mod the chatbox ? u were a terrorist ? ? hella ghetto y cant i donate menstual blood for stem cell research i want cancer cured and babiez cloned from the refuse of my uterus . inverted nutsak stahp send enchiladas . then we'll talk david carradine : auto-erotic asphyxia's deadly thrill , a secret sex practice - abc news