' confession : i have the preferences of an eight-year-old when it comes to movies . i love cheerful , funny shows with heart , like the pixar films ( particularly the incredibles ) or other disney films ... someone who doesn't care when they cause others to feel pain or discomfort . someone who goes out of their way to cause pain or discomfort in others . a ) if i'm with people i really like , such as my family or my closest friends , and if i'm in a good mood ( which is about 80 % of the time , and 15 % of the remaining time i'm just feeling ho-hum ) then i ... 44435 44436 from invisible bread - you know you're an introvert when you're literally never bored , because even if ( for some strange reason ) you don't have a book to read , then you've got your own brain to entertain you for hours on ... i am an excellent finger-tapper . seriously , give me a hard surface and i can drum out a rapid diddle-um diddle-um diddle-dee-dee-dee for hours . oddly enough , my musical fingers tend to annoy my ... you know you're an isfj when you sometimes / often / always have to be pushed , pulled , poked , dragged , and basically manhandled into doing anything new , different , scary , or risky . ( and even though ... twigs : my goodness , all of these , yes . you know you're an introvert if you've ever had to stop yourself from saying these words : of course i like you--i like you a lot ! you're one of the nicest people i know . i just really hate ... the first time i got 25,500 ; the second and third times it was 27,800 . the margin of error seems to be rather substantial ... : happy : phoibe that ... that's one of the sweetest things i've ever heard of anybody saying to somebody else . : crying : please give your friend a hug for me next time you have the energy reserves necessary ... 20 out of 20 , which actually surprised me--i was expecting that at least a couple would consciously tighten up their eye area to fool us . : ninja : i guess i'm too used to looking for trick questions ... isfj intruding ... i can remember that black beauty , where the red fern grows , howard pyle's robin hood , little women , and peter pan all made me cry by their endings ; i'm pretty sure that ... i can see how we might test as extraverts if the test is focused on work / school situations ... i've found that i'm far more willing and eager to put forth the effort to interact with people when it's ... oh , i know . trying to cram each type into one pithy phrase rarely works well . : rolleyes : but the actual profiles are better . here , since i'm in such a typing mood , here are the first two paragraphs ... awesome thread ! : tongue : you know you're a finker when you can watch a sad war movie one day and come out with dry eyes , but then get distressed the next day over seeing a fly get caught in a ... type talk , by otto kroeger and janet m . thuesen , is pretty good ( and cheap , if you buy it used ) . it doesn't go into cognitive functions , but it gives a very nice overview of the mbti with good ... i recently ordered the pirates of penzance with kevin kline , angela lansbury , linda ronstadt and rex smith . watched it with my family the other day , and loved it . the pirates of penzance ( or the ... http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-qA_Or-9Efqs/TzxMQ4sR15I/AAAO8/c5VhCs4cp7c/s400/Introvert+Meme.jpg via introverted church : an introvert in 4 views or , on that note , when you always have people worried about you because you keep to yourself so much . don't get me wrong , i think it's nice of people to try to draw others out of their shells--i ... ... or , alternatively , when you stare at the teacher for a moment with a betrayed expression before trying to catch their eye while shaking your head frantically and mouthing , please , no ! i can't think of anything besides what you've already listed ... but i'd be interested in seeing the video . would you be willing to post a link if / when you put it up ? :) honestly , my first thought was that sj's would just go with the original answer ... obviously it was to get to the other side .  ... or , alternatively , the chicken didn't have a reason , because ... i consider myself an optimistic pessimist . or a pessimistic optimist , i'm not sure which . life generally kinda sucks , but i still love it and i try to look on the bright side ... so the glass is ... thanks ! it didn't occur to me to put in some i'm not an isfj , but ... options . i'll try to remember that for next time . :) this isn't exactly a you know you're an isfj when ... , but a general observation about the isfj forum . i've noticed that we are far less likely to use profanity or vulgarity in our forum than ... having somebody play with my hair . heaven . for that matter , just about any soft , repetitive touch , like when somebody draws on your palms with their fingertips . sleep . i love sleep . love ... the horror . : shocked : (: wink :) yeah , i would be truly freaked out if that were to happen on any forum or website ... i might have to retire from the internet in shame . you know you're an isfj when ... i'd like to second shadowdust's post . i'm of the opinion that actual romantic love comes about after time--time spent getting to know each other , time spent in each other's company , time spent simply ... they're very close , but not quite the same ... avoidance is not doing something , and procrastination is putting something off . i guess procrastination is temporary avoidance , but the word ... aw , that's nice . : happy : thank you . 1 . if it looks like someone needs help , then yeah , i'll start getting worried about them and try to figure out if i can help . but ... sometimes it's kind of ... teddy 564339 i agree that pretty much everybody procrastinates to some extent ; it's just that , while i was in another thread , i was surprised by the number of isfjs who said that they tend to ... sevchenko you know , i'm not exactly biased against intuitives ... two-thirds of my family are intuitives , and my best friend is an intp , and they're all awesome . but on perc , i have to admit that ... dear istp , i know we'd have a lot of obstacles to work out in a relationship , but i'm willing to try ... ' cause my goodness gracious , you guys are all so attractive , and i don't mean just ... do you have a problem with procrastination ? ( isfjs only , please . ) i really enjoyed reading everybody's responses to this thread--especially seeker 99 ' s response , which i would like to + 1 very strongly . :) i do think that an isfj's laid-back-ish-ness ( hey , if you ... you know you're an isfj if you're kind of glad that the isfj forum is so sedate and quiet , because you've looked at some of the busier forums and you just don't think you could keep up or be ... insanityremix well , it was nice to have you be part of us for a few seconds ! :p roud : gracianne yay , another pooh bear-lover ! :p roud : you should really see the 2011 movie if you get a chance ... they did a great job with it . all the sweetness and character of the older shows , with a ... you know you're an isfj when you still like to watch winnie-the-pooh--and you thought the new movie was terrific--and you always kind of related to piglet , so stuff like piglet's grand adventure ... another christian here . :) chickydoda , i'm not positive about your op--it seems like you're asking if any of us are christian , because your sister isn't but is interested in supernatural things , and ... szock : re : wishing you could wear a costume . yes . thank you . i've often wished that ski masks didn't have negative burglar-type connotations ... i know there have been tons of posts about parties , but i believe this one is different : you know you're an introvert when having somebody throw you a surprise party would make you burst into ... danielsearch i don't know why i find it so adorable that you call your girlfriend a dork , but it's just cuter than heck . :p roud : it sounds like you two are sweet together . : crazy : you know you're an isfj when it's sometimes weird to be around other xsfj's , because it turns into a sort of well-meaning nice-off : can i help you with those sandwiches ? oh , no thank you , ... these are similar to what other people have said , but i think they're different enough to post . :) no . ... no . ... but i don't want to ! ... oh , fine . am i being annoying ? when somebody ... last night , as a friend and i were playing a card game : friend : aww , how did you get more points ? me ( jokingly ): how do you know i'm not cheating ? friend : you're not . you would have told me ... i usually test as an istj . partly because i'm pretty sure i'm kind of borderline on the t / f divide , and partly because i usually take personality tests when i'm in a think-y , logic-y , ... giant panda ... but , you know , looking at all the other possible results , it kinda looks like any of these can be at least mostly applied to the average isfj . : unsure : 55 % . i don't know how to interpret these results , though ... i mean , looking at all of you guys ' results , the test seems to skew a bit high . '