' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LMdrk-vCACI shades of cool : lovekitty :: lovekitty : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cE6wxDqdOV0 new netflix or hulu ( or neither ) irritated because of my inability to be productive . i thought that the concept was really cool but pixar movies ( i think it's the animation style ) always bore me regardless of plot . : sad : bad word choice on my part - - i don't seriously hate ... you spend too much time by yourself be social i can't believe you didn't know that ... where have you been ... for me : star wars , the avengers , all pixar movies , around half of disney movies not all of these are ' bad ' movies - - i'm just not really into the style . edit : i didn't mean ' hate ' in the ... i hate to admit it but sometimes when i'm feeling self-conscious i go on tinder just to see how many guys like me . i always delete the app after a day or two since it makes me uncomfortable . i ... one of my friends ( female ) is also an infp i feel that , although we don't understand each other completely , we understand each other on a different level than other people do . she can ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cE6wxDqdOV0 elf tan or pale ? i think i relate to what you're saying . even when i don't know certain people well , if i take an interest in them i will constantly imagine that they are with me . i am almost never ' alone ' in my ... vegetable : sweet potato ( potatoes are botanically classified as a vegetable ) herb : basil i'm not a good writer , and i don't enjoy writing - - english is a difficult subject for me . i'm more interested in reading books and having an emotional connection to them than i am in analyzing them ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yvqmdqxIsQM i would probably be very low key with my magic , using it to heal the sick or help the poor in my immediate community . i would be worried about the consequences that using magic on a worldwide scale ... i do like darkness quite a bit but i can't immerse myself in it or else i inevitably become depressed and turn into a social outcast lmao - - i prefer to examine it from a distance . i really like the kindness and non-aggression of infp's on internet forums . they allow you to share your thoughts and won't be toxic in response . in real life , i have noticed that other infp's are ... how do you guys feel about touchiness ( platonic ) ? do you only have certain friends that are allowed to touch you , are you okay with all of your friends touching you , or do you not allow anyone ... lmao i have a clubbed thumb . i used to laugh as a nervous habit when i was younger--it was not good because every time i walked past a guy i liked i would start laughing hysterically and people got ... luke skywalker , ashitaka , shizuku , and madoka ( and possibly chihiro ? ? ) are the first fictional infp ' heroes ' that come to my head . madoka and ashitaka to me are perfect examples of a heroes who ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dpapgTL7Mnw at the moment the present . usually i would say the future but i have been doing a pretty good job at keeping myself occupied lately ( and so i've been fantasizing much less about the future than ... hi isfj ! you may want to ask this on the infp forum--there are a lot of us on there and it would probably help to get the infp perspective in this situation . 1 ) if a relationship like this is only ... i'm not an enfp myself but my dad is . his greatest fault was believing that he could lead multiple lives without facing the consequences . he tended to go out and do things without thinking about ... the first time that somebody called me ' cute ' i was actually really surprised because i thought that everyone viewed me as cold since that's how i thought i presented myself . these days i get called ... i totally relate to you on the ' crazy animal ' feeling--i act insane when i loose my grip . almost nobody knows about that side of me and nobody would suspect that it exists because i seem so low ... to me , l is definitely an intp--he constantly uses his amazing logic along with his extraverted intuition in order to read right through people and come up with theories . from the time i was in like ... 6th grade ... i thought that i had reached the height of my maturity and i that i was going to act exactly the same as an adult ... brown tiny , shitty apartment in the city or mansion in the middle of nowhere ? me : infp mom : isfj stepdad : estj stepsister : esfj - i've had problems being around sj's constantly dad : enfp i haven't really thought about their enneagrams - - dear esfj stepsister , no , i really don't want to do anything . i don't get bored doing nothing . i want to be by myself . i usually thank people when i think that their post added to the conversation in some way . i also thank even when i don't really think that whatever someone said was useful , but don't want them to ... i daydream about not being a hermit because i am one and it makes me feel depressed and unproductive ahaha enfj and istj whenever i like somebody i try to see them as much as possible never talk to them ahahaha . i think that i'm always hoping that they will miraculously notice that i like them and come talk to ... where did you go o_o cold because it's actually rainy in california for the first time in eternity . less effort to poop your house gets invaded by spiders best : history , chemistry worst : spanish favorite : history , chemistry , physics least favorite : spanish ( so boring ) my imaginary life aw thank you ! ! rome is the type of city that makes you feel as if you're walking on top of history ... it's a pretty strange feeling . i usually wear neutral , well-fitted clothing and i don't really like to make a statement with it . i basically go for a simple , comfortable look . my clothing almost never has text or images on it . ... album miscellaneous photography mostly taken during my last trip to rome - - two places is too limiting - _ - i've already been to north america and europe so out of africa , south america , and asia i would probably go to argentina or vietnam ( super nice scenery and nice ... i've been having a sense of foreboding lately since i feel like i'm not going anywhere with my life--whenever i take steps forwards i also take steps backwards . D: aw thank you ; u ; - - you also seem like a really sweet person ; you're very responsive and thoughtful ! things thankfully are getting better for me now as i have developed better coping mechanisms . :) i normally complain to people when i feel like i need to say something to them to keep conversation flowing but i have nothing to say--i don't want people to think that i'm quiet and boring so i just ... - the fear of actually being an infp . assuming i'm going to be a failure based off of the statistics of infps . yes - becoming annoyed around others who exhibit negative infp behavior . ( you feel ... '