' i routinely use it to search how to terms . it's only been up until recently that i've realized the depth issue when it comes to using search engines to do this . you tend to get a lot of general ... after reading this i just had to mention that infps a by far my favorite type . you just make certain things make sense ( and other times completely beyond comprehension ) and are great at giving my ... i have a soft spot for infps myself , though whether that actually leads to me opening up more to them i don't know . i tend to be a very open person in many respects with most ( as your ever so lovely ... you know your an entp when you use little writing ticks to make other types spasm in pain while reading you're writing . entps will call you on them but intj will pretty well have a seizure . you know your an entp when you're mind relaxed can still keep you up till 6am for weeks on-end thinking about not thinking ( and about the possible outcomes of actually achieving this unknown state ) or , when in may , you're the one singing christmas carols . entps are natural performers , though our suppressed fe might might not allow us to get a feel for the crowd as one might suspect , our intuition allows us to take creative leaps in storytelling . i ... once and future king actually finished it , and it was worth it . i dont have a problem finishing books anymore , though i did at one point . iread quite fast now though so that helps :) damn bro , we might have our flaws but ... wait ... i see your point ... at least we can take solace in the fact that no matter what we're awesome ;) find yourself a nice ( and mature ) entp guy . in general quirkiness is seen as interesting as long as there is something underneath to nourish our need for in depth conversation . being fun and ... the east is focused on the many , even at the expense of the self . the west is focused on the self , even at the expense of the many . not really meant in a selfish / generous kind of way , just as a ... thanks all , and hey skycloud . i'm pretty sure i was around for your 10,000 post . i remember thinking that that was a ridiculously high number . but it looks like you've done a bit more since then lol hey olmed , good to meet you too . new zealand's been awesome bro . been here for about 6 weeks now and i've loved it . leave here in about another week , and im excited to travel a bit more then head ... most importantly , know that you're not alone . i know from what others have said this might be evident , but it's worth stating boldly . we all start and end our journeys through life in the same ... you know you're an entp when you've been gone for a year and the first article you want to read in detail is this one :P hey guys , for those of you who might remember my existence a year ago , i'm back lol . for everyone else , nice to meet you . i've posted a re-introduction in the introdution page but wanted to reach ... well , it's been a while pc people , some of you entps might recognize me but as for everyone else hi :) ( im one of the good ones ) * you'll see a few of my old threads kicking around . always ... thanks , i appreciate the quick response . ayers rock and the outback were already on the list so it's great that i know a bit to start with anyway lol . i'll definitely check out surfers coast ... hey , i'm currently planning a trip to australia in the fall for a year down under . i'm going to work my way around the continent and was wondering if anyone on here had done similar , or maybe lived ... i love finding nemo . i tend to imitate whoever happens to be talking to me , subconsciously . it has led to some interesting conversations , that i usually have fun coming up with an excuse for it :) k , so there seems to be a problem with the group so that no one can join , making it absolutely pointless : mellow : not sure what's wrong with it , i'll try and figure it out . edit : fixed it , look ... thank you , it was the best way for me to describe it ... night everyone , see you tomorrow : bored : sadly it would be susceptible to mutations like everything else . but that isn't necessarily a bad thing . there's lots we could do with adaptive bacteria . to find it just organize the social groups by when they were made . it'll be near the top . welcome to the cafe , hope you enjoy it as much as most of us do . hey , welcome to the cafe . we're just about to get a game of mafia going on the entp thread . check it out if you're interested . i guess that's what i was trying to explain by the whole living for someone else , and i get what you mean with the whole society calling it unhealthy thing . it suck that things are the way they are ... fair enough , i'm not in much of a mood to defend any of those points anyway . what are your opinions on , scientific testing on animals / humans , scientific ethics in general , use of constant ... i'd be up for that :p roud : though i must say that i will still pick apart arguments that are flawed or even mis-worded if it occurs , but i'll also admit good points . next we just need to find ... well , i would say that in large part that it could be the entps being insensitive . but it is often just misunderstood as such sometimes . we can be methodical in taking down other peoples supporting ... can be ok , and it's sometimes good to have an argument with someone who can argue emotionally , as long as it's kept under control . we're not out to make anyone hurt , but realistically it happens . i agree with that 100 % . a boomerang ? that works yup :) this thread is going to be used for the game mafia . please don't spam . if you're interested in joining the game join the mafia game members group . for full game rules go to the mafia / werewolf ... go join the mafia game members group if you want to be involved . we could use this thread to post any rules which are pretty basic ( described below ) i believe a mafia of 30 % of all those interested ... ok i'm interested . if it involves our innate entp-ness then i'm in . i'll set something up with your help ieatglue if your interested ? being in university it really isn't worth the risk of cheating . i've known some people who have gotten caught and it isn't pretty . i think it would be fun to take a course on cheating though . graded ... cereal for breakfast , prob won't have lunch b / c we're having turkey bird with all the fixings tonight ... i tend to like to start my days on the litter side of things , and for me that involves some xkcd ( m , w , f ) and some questionable content ( weekdays ) : wink : anyone else like to follow any online comics ? ... welcome to the forum : laughing : we're glad to have you . i'm impressed , that was quite quick . good job . this is very interesting . i'll have to look into it further . exactly ! and i'm now planning on reading that book . : mellow : k , so i'm an entp and as such am prone to most of the stereotypical flaws of set group ( not all though ) . i have experienced love in my past ( a 7 year relationship with someone who i wished to spend ... yeah , the old l word as you put it even has a way with us entp types lol though i wonder if what we call love is actually quite different from what someone who if tied into their emotions call ... i'm doing pretty good , it's a nice day where i live :) i would have to agree , the world is quite a funny place . the one that gets me in the most trouble is me saying but it's interesting ! after asking questions or researching something that people ... '