' fisful of dollars : witnesses hostage family . plays two criminal families up against eachother . he learns that one of the families is the hostage-keepers of the family in the beginning . after staying ... if a girl shows the sligthest amount of interest in me , we'll be married and divorced by the end of the day in my head . other than that , i keep so many imaginary conversations with people i know ... there's no change in the character . him reacting to injustice is a character trait he always had . just because he doesn't show it explicitly at the beginning , doesn't change the character .  ... moar handwriting to consume i'm not arguing against studying the tools you use . i just think that an intuitive understanding will always feel more natural than a qualitative understanding . the character in the ... yes , but i think many authors lose that engagement and vested interest when applying methods if they don't really agree with what the methods stand for . i think it depends on what the author wants to ... i agree . this works for me as well , though i'm not sure it'd work for everyone . i think a few people would get tired or lose interest from this way . you really need to be engaged , and have a vested ... i got a 4w5 / 5w4 ( exact same score for 4 and 5 ) , but i don't really agree with how it characterizes me as either drowning in my emotions or completely out of touch with them . i tend to think that i ... i agree that all writers needs to understand what really makes a story . however , there are plenty of roads to rome as it is , and i think that it can be limiting trying to adhere to what other people ... i don't know how you looks , so i can't say on a general level if i find you good looking personally . however , that doesn't really matter . i think the issue lies with your own confidence . for one it ... it seems like over-confidence isn't the number problem amongst infp's : s . anyway , as for myself , i just don't have the energy and attention span required to court a somewhat / almost interested ... every decision is a selfish decision , so that statement kind of loses it's meaning . unresponsible might be a better way to put what you're talking about though . i don't agree though . if me and some ... read a lot of books , graphic novels / comics and watch a lot of movies . while writing resources can be useful in instances and give you a few useful pointers , the most important thing in terms of ... norway , kind of like finland but a little warmer and less depressing . did it ever occour to you , that you may the one not invited to the party ? not that you aren't , but the way you're treating people trying to have a proper discussion with you is laughable . if you want ... she likes you and wants to hang out with you . in general if a person shows that kind of interest in your schedule , that person may want for stuff to happen . i think the focus is wrong here . of course the government has some vested interest in what it teaches us etc , but i tink that's the smaller things rather than making a giant brainwashing factory . the ... deciding when to hug does not at all come naturally to me except in moments of grief and love . so if there is a chance that someone may hug me , i let the other person take the intiative , and go from ... count me in on that as well . if someone violates mine or a close friends trust enough i may never speak with that individual ever again . it's somewhat ironic considering my forgiving nature in ... i completely disagree . i tend to agree with charlie kaufman from adaption ( great movie ; watch it ! ) you're not supposed to follow some sort of formula ( not to be confused with formulaic plot ) where ... writing novels / stories with romance in them and perhaps even essential to the plot / story ? sure . writing romance novels as in trying to appeal to the sterotyped teenagers or lonely womans unrealistic ... i think pretty much every person knows variations of these statements on some level . the ones who don't know / follow them aren't gonna learn them from reading a book though . seems kind of pointless to ... i do that all the time . but i don't consider it to be ceonsirhip in itself . it's more of a ok , this doesn't add anything i want to add to the conversation . there are several causes for this : - ... is this about that whole pua thing ? and it's ridicolous to think in terms of how much a person costs society . what does that even mean ? it's that whole ordeals of oh no , people who don't work and ' contribute ' to society , they should ... i'm not really arrogant , i just like to appear that way to everyone else . no it's not . i get what you're trying to say though : all animals are equal , but some animals are more equal than others . that is to say that as long as people have qualities that you deem worthy , ... i don't think i've ever argued that a romantic relatinoship should come before anything ( or everything ) else . see below for happyness vs my list . no they're not . like i've already ... iq is the worst measuring block ever . it does not asses intelligence , it only measures how well adapted an individual is fit to the ( horrible ) western school system . there's a correlation between ... well , if you're not following your heart , then i'd venture to say that you're the one that's settling . it may not be settling in the sense of i can't get any better than this , but it is settling in ... of course . you need love as well . but beyond that , if a relationship works ( and yes , your spouse , no matter how perfect , will annoy you at times , - just like you will annoy your spouse ; a relationship ... no it's not . not if it's over a prolonged time . unless you are an extremely easy-going person , most people just aint gonna fit those simple things over a longer timeperiod . and it's not about ... well , it's not exactly how it works . in general terms , our idealism tends to collide hard with the world at several points in our life , and it can really taint us , and make us close into our own ... what happened ? my ne is extremely curious ! this is still just a concept at this stage , but i want a banana . again , i still don't see that it's fair to allow someone to to believe something so integral that is clearly not true . hinting at something like this to someone you're married with and is supposed to ... that doesn't matter though . while it's harsh of her not to accept this , i can definitely sympathise with her ( on the basis of information we have right now . ) if i was a stern believer in god and went ... you seriously and desperately need someone to talk to , to vent to . i don't give a rats ass who it is , but talk to someone in person about this . your husband , someone in the camp you trust , a shrink , ... i actually think your post was one of the more sensible ones . the bad ones as far as i'm concerned , is the type with 15 + specific traits , where half are like : - must be respectful of me , and not ... every person is a genius , beautiful and has a unique story . your problem isn't with people , but groups . especially if you're not part of them . individuality is something of the most pure and ... i know this thread is begging for it ( asking for turnoffs ... psssh ) , but i think the completely wrong attitude is being shown by a lot of posters here . some of the requirements are seriously so off ... i get that sometimes , because i have this thing where i'll willingly and enthustiatically do favours for friends / people i like without asking for / expecting anything in return . apparantly that's not ... wow dude . unless you're trolling , you're not gonna get the response you want at all . anyway , as a general advice : if you need to ask if something's wrong , chances are that you consider it to be ... if you want to exercise in a sustained manner , without killing your inner self , you'll simply have to find something that has one or more elements that you really enjy . like riding a bike is great ... i don't think i'd be able to begrudge people when they act fake . mostly because i feel like how i appear to people is , if not fake , at least heavily filtered . fakeness is part of western culture , and ... i suggest writing . i think one of the most important things in regards to being a speaker , is being able to formulate yourself on the spot . nothing will help you with that like writing will . besides ... it never stops :( not really . but i think that's because i have some sort of weird ability to get socially drunk if the people around me are drunk / extroverted enough . if the company is boring me or i feel ... this . if there's one thing i absolutely loathe , it's people telling me how to feel / deal with situations of loss / death . i feel the need to yell at such people : i know how if fucking feels , and i ... i am fairly confident of myself . i suppose i can even come off as arrogant at times as well . wasn't like this always tough . what changed , was that realized i was too paranoid , and cared too much of ... '