' unicornrainbowlove how do i choose ? this wheel is much too large to spin ;) all of these are words that i find myself using constantly : aesthetic , indicative , consider , intangible . what are your top 4 most favorite and cherished words ( of any language ) ? it's funny , i remember feeling in middle school like time was running and i needed to settle upon who i was . at 25 , that same feeling is affirmed by the pressures of the adult world , and i now have ... 388218 my go-to is getting lost imagining what one of my favorite stories would look like in a different medium , or if it was approached differently . without going into any dizzying amount of detail , ... to the time harried individual : i've heard it said that friendships are best forged around interests , and in my experience that's been true , so i'd recommend you start where people are doing and ... ryan adams & the cardinals - cold roses radiohead - in rainbows miles davis - kind of blue bob marley - legend beck - morning phase i'm not particularly big on albums , i prefer great ... my favorite characters are usually from series , since they get more development that way , but here are some movie choices : shawshank redemption / andy dufresne family man / jack spirited ... hmm .. how about pairing / ordering inanimate objects ? i could be playing monopoly with the family , and i'll be straightening out my money so that all of the paper runs parallel , or shares some kind of ... all the air leaves my lungs if my favorite romantic interest dies , or if a series threatens to end without properly resolving the status of a quiescent romance . i'm a sucker . 380098 this was me setting up for an online interview recently . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Up0bhJzi0iU such an awesome performance . i'm 25 , and i think i've accepted it as a truth that people are just well composed beasts . well , i thought that was sad at first , but now human behavior just makes so much more sense that i think it ... to an idealist , your outward appearance is probably not of the most urgent concern . summon your most authentic self ( infps make an unconscious hobby of sniffing out facades ) . know what you want . look ... interesting that wishing mastery in the arts could be an indicator of dissatisfaction . i have felt desperate to reach a sense of purpose , lately , since i've just graduated from college .. i remember ... my life story . even this subject has staled just a couple days after one of my inspiration spikes . i'm left still knowing objectively that mbti is immensely useful and intriguing to myself , yet the ... should i give myself in to more subjective considerations ? i never thought it could be useful before , but apparently it's a strength of my type , given that fi is dominant and therefore energizing and ... i've tested as infp consistently , and the profile description ( especially deeper analysis of the cog . functions ) convinces me that i'm an infp . as a kid i exhibited fi strongly . i was extremely ... infps in their healthier state are not consciously focused on external order . sometimes your worst self is your best self . know what i'm saying ? - frank , true detective warning : this post is ... i'll go ahead and posit that the infp-infp relationship is less rewarding . a general lack of stimulation is the reason i've just broken up with my infp gf :( so i'm looking for a more stimulating ... i barely care enough to write this post . i haven't cared this little about life and people since my deep depression in high school . could this state emerge from watching documentaries about serial ... what gives you a sense of purpose and / or drive ? : bored : sogood i was so indescribably full , i likened the sensation to growing a human inside myself . also note that i used deliberately non-serious tones when i said this . the overriding feeling is of ... to me , what the pc people are doing is so much more offensive than what they are offended by . the way they are expressing themselves , taking jokes out of context and raging about them , is so ... here are some highlights from an article in the new yorker about #cancelcolbert : [ [ #cancelcolbert may have been silly and dumb and wrong in spirit , but it ’ s worth asking if those of us who find ... you can't exactly expect a comedian to preface or follow a joke with a disclaimer that their joke doesn't represent his / her real world views , as we've seen other people do multiple times in this ... itsmyhead yes . ricky sums it up so well . brilliant . virtually , he expresses my own opinion better than i can . simpson 17866 i think you've found a false dichotomy here . yes , i find people who ... rune i lean a bit liberal myself . it seems to me that certain people clamoring for sensitivity is more an expression of their insecurity than of liberalism , but the problem is that these people quite ... god no . that's a blanket statement that no one should take seriously unless it's stated by some formal news source like fox or cnn . if that was a lisa lampanelli joke , for example , then ... that would be an example of bad humor , with you expressly being the target . censorship is indispensable ; i would not want to live in a world of people who don't know how to be sensitive ... yes . there are infinitely better examples than mine . i thought that moment expressed how overgrown censor culture has become , that now even lame table talk is scrutinized and taken literally and as a ... i am offended by this new demographic of people who constantly get offended , who are 24/7 so impassioned in their mission to eliminate ignorance that they also target free speech . everything looks ... : suspicion : i agree that it's central to keep aware of both sides . and that's the frustrating thing in this relationship ; whether it's because she isn't comfortable saying or doesn't entirely know herself , she's ... thanks for the responses . i am deeply in love with this information age that we live in , where the experienced freely contribute their invaluable knowledge ; but perpetual advice-seeking isn't ... i mean by success that you achieved whatever you set out to accomplish when you started meditating . so if you wanted to become more emotionally stable , you were successful if you became more ... i decided today that i would try to fit meditation in as part of my morning routine . i guess i would start with short sessions of standard , mindfulness meditation , and then follow that with guided ... hey everybody , so i talked to her . we both said more than i can remember , but following is a basic summary . * ( don't read too much into the tone of the written conversation , my memory of the real ... let's all take a moment here to strip naked ; to full-body soak in the americana sauna . i ask you two questions : 1 . what is something you absolutely need to be satisfied ? 2 . what is your guiltiest ... thanks all , really great responses . i'm just going to have to sit down with her and talk about this face to face . i would have done that by now , but she hasn't been responding well to direct ... mushr 00m i have asked her explicitly whether there was something i could be doing better . last week i sent her this message on fb : i love you . is there something i can make better ? i feel like i ... thanks everyone for the comments , they're really helpful . i may have given the impression that i'm simply touchy about the mere suggestion that i mistreat my gf ( which , to be fair , is because i am ... ponyjoyride thanks , that reminds me to keep things in perspective . i failed to properly contextualize this query , because i like to fluff up my posts to make them more fun to write and read . all of ... fischer you are being presumptuous . i care very much about my girlfriend and what she wants and needs , and i do try to be the best possible version of myself for her sake and for my own . also i think ... wow , thanks meltedsorbet for the in-depth answer . i don't want to seem like i'm sniping solutions but what you just described is my current go-to strategy . i've really been trying for weeks to make ... i think our relationship has only gotten stronger . we are better able to connect in every way but physically , which is ironic because it was the opposite before . looking back it seems like maybe she ... i don't think that's it . i say that because she's very conscious of gender roles . she's a self-proclaimed feminist and demands more than tolerance of all role deviations ; when i said ' bruce jenner ' ... right away i want to apologize to those who thought they were going to get a glimpse into the life of a man who literally regards his cat as his girlfriend . not quite that severe , i'm afraid . no , i'm ... '