' i actually plan on becoming a nun :) nothing else interests me besides growing closer to god . i would get married and have kids , but i feel like i'm being called to the religious life . i feel so ... i'm a few years late , but i just have to say i like listening to certain songs that make me feel like a different person . tear you apart by she wants revenge denotes a feeling of badassery . ... i'm a few years late , but i just have to say i like listening to certain songs that make me feel like a different person . tear you apart by she wants revenge denotes a feeling of badassery . ... yes . lol no , but i nanny for my sister who is a single mother in college . i love babysitting newborns ; i think they are just the cutest things but when they get to be toddlers sometimes it can be ... it's funny because i'd consider myself a fairly liberal person in terms of political views besides this very issue . ( even though i don't really like calling myself liberal , i don't like the stigma ... my mom's an intp and we lived in a small town for a few years until we finally moved out to the country where i mostly grew up . to my mom , there was a huge difference between living in a small town ... i have an isfp sister and an infj brother and you and your sister sound a lot like them ! my isfp sister i had to make take the test , she also complained about it being to long . my brother was a lot ... goin in for the dive . home bound , but lost once , long ago she gazed out at open fields dripping skies and countless stars wine stained horizons and clay laden reservoirs through ancient ... goin in for the dive . homebound but lost , only a dream once , long ago she gazed out at open fields dripping skies and countless stars wine stained horizons and clay laden reservoirs ... i used to never cry at movies or anything . but now i notice that when i'm feeling a little unsatisfied with life in general , the waterworks come a little easier . especially if the movie pertains to ... these are all such great replies ! and adacis i don't that's selfish at all ! ! i've heard people call fi selfish before but honestly i think it's important to focus inward so you are able to in turn ... weird i've never seen this thread before until now . such a coincidence too because i had the most interesting dream ever when i took a nap today . seriously i'm thinking of writing a book about it ... alright so there was this faze i went through during freshmen year of high school where we learned about shakespeare and i became so interested that i secretly wished i lived during the renaissance ... i love this song so much ahhh so pretty . i first heard it on ahs and now it is only a song kept specifically for when i'm pretty much feelin down in the dumps with a tub of cookie dough ice cream and ... okay , so i'm asexual and i didn't really know any asexual songs so i searched and this came up : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i0qoni9CRgc omg i cannot stop laughing it's almost 1 in the ... i've always dreamed of living in the countryside too ! i actually grew up on one and loved the nature , the peace , and the privacy . i never felt cramped up . i moved to the city a year and a half ago ... envisionarylunacy wow that was beautiful ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h8ljNixuCwc favoritest song ever in the whole entire world that crushes every song on the top 40 with an iron fist . sorry . i just love it so much . infps are pretty much known for fantasizing about things . however , one of the things i've noticed when reading about the infp personality online is that the only things roaming the realms of our ... personally , as an infp , i believe i'm pretty much the best at breaking rules . i have an entj friend and that's the only thing we fight about really haha sorry i know this is an old post but i'd have to say we heal people through our art . we aren't necessarily externally focused like infjs , but because our internal feeling is so incredibly strong , we ... huh , that's interesting because just the other day i was sort of arguing with some other entp on another infp video on youtube about her and he said this , the theory she subscribes to is ... lavendersnow - i dunno how to mention someone directly so hopefully you see this - but wow , that was a great response ! very concise and intelligent . honestly i think she is an unhealthy infj ... alright . so i watched this video this morning and i've been stuck on it ever since . tbh it really brought me down hahah . i'm going to wait for others to reply before i give my opinion on what i ... i know this thread is like 2 years old ( actually it's new years right now at 11:34 , so exactly two years : wink : ) but i just couldn't resist . i lived in a 100 year old farm house out in the good ... lately i've been at a crossroads . i used to really be into the idea of becoming a film editor . i used to go to a small school and it was easy to be known for my video editing skills and creativity ... would i be able to change my name to dandelionwine instead ? i've mistyped : frustrating : so you're saying that physical scarring is worse than mental scarring ? is it more important to focus on what a woman looks like that she would go through with it ? and i was making an observation that ... nf , pro-life most definitely . i believe that adoption is a great alternative if someone can't support a child . life is such a miraculous gift i know the child wouldn't want to have it terminated . i ... that's interesting . i've never heard of this ; how did you manage to do that ? this post may already exist , but i've been pondering on the question . which type and why ? ( others types are welcome to add as well ) wow we have a lot in common ! florence + the machine's song , heartlines is really good for a unique and powerful / complex song . glass animals and beaty heart are a lot like animal collective and they ... speaking on the phone gives me such anxiety . : eek : and i love talking face-to-face because i feel i can get to know someone better . texting is a great way for transferring quick info . , though i'll ... eh , what the hell . 459433 as you can see in the background , the trim still needs some painting . i think i'll procrastinate on that a lil bit longer . :p roud : 459409 chillin ' at starbucks with my friend :p roud : 459417 me the very first day after moving to a new city : cool : i've had the same problem too many times to count . my friends have often gotten angry with me because i didn't like something that everyone else liked . but then i realized maybe i was being stubborn ... hi guys , i've never made a thread before so don't make fun of me . : blushed : so recently i've started talking to this guy and he keeps badgering me everyday with texts that start with heyyy and ... i have a hard time making eye contact mostly because in my mind's eye is a well thought out script of what i'm planning on saying that i'm trying to read and also i feel like i am staring into that ... same here ; i attempted at first and of course i had no idea what i was doing and the string broke on me and then my dad insisted that i take these ridiculous guitar lessons at the library ( which ... do nothing and sit awkwardly in the corner until someone approaches me , and since i hadn't prepared what to say , respond awkwardly and in a rather short fashion . my best friend is an entj on the brink of enfj ; we get along pretty well mostly because his last close friend was an esfp and he said was too much to handle and they never really had a deep ... hhhm let's see .. 1 . really into this whole bohemian bedroom style thing right now so i bought a plant today 2 . looove american horror story cause uh evan peters : hearteyes : * sigh * 3 . wear too ... i moved to a large school in the city from a small town school in the middle of nowhere about 2 months ago . i thought i hated my old school but this one definitely beats the punch . i always knew i ... death scarlet lips near the base of my throat a small caress at my cheek bone vain words whispered in my ear telling me lies i don ’ t want to hear tattoos spilled across her neck dripping ... 259802 this is a poem about a longing for past times ( nostalgia ) and for better times . the person then feels sad that they cannot actually be there , but are happy that they can at least be there ... okay , so this isn't a poem , but a piece i wrote that i just felt like writing at the time . i think middle english is beautiful , so i wrote it in that fashion . ( by the way , i tried to have some of my ... this poem is a prepositional poem for my ninth grade english class . if you've never read the book lucy in the sky , it's about a perfectly normal girl who meets a boy in yoga through which she gains ... society i just want to be alone sometimes . away from those who retain strong facades , from the rigorous rules , from the dry and weakened lands that we speak so strongly of beauty , and from ... writing inside the cover of an entirety of words , we find a story of what could be . the imagination of a mind , a great and powerful thought . influencing emotions , changing perspectives . the ... the late night knocker now lay your little head down to sleep . this sleepy lullaby will have you rest with peace . close your heavy lids . repeat after me . after this verse , asleep is surely ... '