' the early worm says hello to the worms . lol i think i'll 9et into watching the sopranos . start with season 1 of course . an episode a night just to mellow . seems like a 9ood idea . i love this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qaacVsGramo john wick . 9ettin9 another perspective . it makes me want more . it's important for the person who wants to improve themselves . yes it is worth it . you're alive once . hmm , if i am estp that's a 9ood exercise for ni . the photos she time travels into are actually her memories , and she's 9oin9 mad . i think ! ! ! i will have tea ... : gentleman : anything with an organic tone of voice . no i think it's 9ross . 717930 i admire your discipline cuddle bun . just a little something to take the edge off thin 9s . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yctgryGLsqY : tongue 2 : you know when you look at a 9irl and you can tell she's a bi9 heart . i like that . someone that's really carin 9 . then there's the sex goddess the one that fucks you the : numbness : the : redface : ... anytime an attractive woman passes me in work i flex my butcheeks . . the more i watch music artists live the more it looks like some weird form of worship . : chuncky : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UC9sRIsvjXI it probably wouldn't if enough men 9ot behind it . if anythin 9 i'd like to see the debate between two groups . put the men on left and women on the ri9ht . anyone in the middle will simply look sane . you should create a sim thread so everyone can sim . fuck sims ! jk ve99ie . are you thinking of doing that ? 8w9 . :) my sales manager is an estp 7w8 . he's 9ot those intense eyeballs . split . now , before you jump in to watch it i've been a hu9e fan of m.night.shyamalan for years , watched his popular movies , and fuck me ... i've never felt anythin 9 like i felt after watchin 9 ... 8w7 are tou 9h and hi9h intensity . so are 7w8 . i don't see why it wouldn't work but one would have to compose to the other , and vice versa . if it's always one in the relationship doin 9 the composin 9 i ... . show us your dick ... : unsure : with enfj kind of but more fe with no problem . enfp no . they're so different . the ne is obvious and reckless in communication . hmm ... tou 9h . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3j3_iPskjxk : happy : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f2yLE6eaxwI it built up over a couple of weeks . yeah people can buy feeder fish , which are your avera 9e comet 9oldfish . i can't put them in with mine though because mine have poor vision and swim slow . yeah , don't shit where you eat . horses are nice . a spoon . certain fish also shouldn't be put in the same tank because they have different temperaments . my newest fish is sick . i've sectioned the two others off from the sick one and treatin 9 the water with medicine . this has happened to me before . the pet shop sold my first fish with a parasite , ... yep . you're communication style i interpret as intj . no , they should be kept in prison away from society . i only take control of the intense ones . others are sex , and short 3 second scenes from work where after having i wake up and believe i did what i dreamt . then others are what seem like the ... ok . one rin 9 , to rule them all ... : cool : lookin 9 at my fish . they're extra weird today . i'm 9oin to 9o out for a coffee and ponder life and myself . : laughing :: happy : what if ... i am 9od .. ? : laughing : sounds as bad as a messenger . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qrZJ8vF38Fg https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d_0khAAItqg sangoire : smile-new : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b-7c4VNGOgU sorry to hear that , and i have no motive here . like , i don't want anythin 9 . the conversation ended about a year a9o , but thanks . nope , my keyboards fucked . '