' it's mostly rough guessing and process of elimination - based on what i recall from the later books , snape's whole deal with james seems quite negative fi . i'm pretty sure he has to be an introvert ... i just started rereading the books ! just finished goblet of fire today , but i still haven't determined many characters yet . so far , harry - isfp ron - exfp hermoine - inclined to say istj , but ... some undone ace attorney sketches i probably don't plan to touch again : http://i.gyazo.com/3aee0bb847eb8363d3b6fbee9e5717eb.png i attempted to use a colour palette for this one , but gave up ... this isn't really a proper way to phrase the question , if anything . however , i do truly feel that i'm really disconnected with my emotions . it's become a problem so frequent that it builds up a ... http://25.media.tumblr.com/d05b0cc89d5a20b798a775f145705015/tumblr_mic11lFmEn1s64k2wo1_100.png simon blackquill is an interesting character and i have been considering his mbti type between istj and intj for quite awhile . i've seen people who's typed blackquill as inxp , but i really can't ... whatever do you mean by pigeon hole ? i've never seen inferior ne as a way to keep myself optimistic , actually . in my case , inferior ne is usually what i believe is causing many paranoid attacks in ... just apples . i'm assigned female at birth , though with the recent recognition of neutral genders around the internet , i'm honestly slowly drifting away from the label of female . but yes , while identifying as ... arakkun : i'm interested to know : why entp for kano ? i've always felt that he's more of a se user / estp . se usually enjoys expressing themselves via pictures - like the time he sent kido a selfie ... i haven't watched or followed hetalia in a long time , but i did attempt to type the characters before : n . italy : exfp germany : istj japan : isfj / intp america : esxp england : intj ( though i ... gyazo - f09ac98a2ea74be217a4e35ceb1ddd53.png http://i.imgur.com/aEKBmvJ.png that's true , i guess . it's simply that edgeworth's games has much more options when investigating that heavily relates to how he thinks and operates , since the game is much more investigation-based ... [ / quote ] i've actually seen people argue that phoenix is entp due to his snide comments , so you could consider that as well - i'm not too confident in regards to how i type phoenix . i am replaying the games ... currently , i see phoenix as enfp . i don't have a lot of reasons to go off it , though . he generically seems like a ne user solely because of the surprises he pulls off in court . aj phoenix really ... a quick sketch of an oc : http://i.gyazo.com/7748a9b43d17d26add1eadb86472d2c9.png most unfortunately , no , i don't . i still do see some of them around my neighbourhood / public transport , though , which is a relief . it's always nice to know that they're still around and living well ... i don't take significant photos , but i do have a habit of taking photos of the sky , so here's one by marina bay , singapore : http://i.imgur.com/1Sj0WDj.jpg i do this with mbti with every series i've hooked myself into . sometimes , when it's obvious enough , i do it with enneagram as well . i currently have a bad case of this with ace attorney - i plan ... my favourite subject happens to be history . i don't know why , but i find it really easy to get absorbed into this subject and memorise everything from top to bottom . on the other hand , my least ... phoenix wright : enfp maya fey : enfp mia fey : enfj miles edgeworth : istj dick gumshoe : isfp larry butz : esfp singapore - estj . competitive , and their strict laws ( as seen by the fines ) . really rare - and basing off typical istjs , it's most likely not effective at all . if anything , i can just imagine a person of another type staring blankly . putting in effort just for the sake of ... based on stereotypes and personal experience , gryffindor : usually exxp hufflepuff : there's a lot of xsxps i know in hufflepuff , especially isxps . ravenclaw : intp , intj , that sort . slytherin : ... seto is esfj . personally , i think kano is more of an estp . he totally gives off those se-dom vibes . imagination forest sort of makes mary seem more like an infp ... though i don't have a lot to ... this is a bit of an odd question as i know types usually take time to develop , but has anyone ever faced situations when you were young , and when you think back about it , you realise hey , this ... istj , still staying close to my family's religion ( buddhism ) , but i'm slowly fading out of it . i'm going to give this dead thread a little bump on my thoughts for sdr 2 . my typings for dr1 isn't complete yet since i'm unsure about a lot of things and i haven't given the series another look . ... yes , i do . i have a habit of looking at every corner of my pages , just to see if i want to polish anything up . exploring the forums , of course . that aside , i'm also browsing for songs to keep myself awake . thank you for the welcomes ! it's strange to know that i've been lurking around longer than some of you , but i'm sure i'll be having a nice time here . i don't know the types of my grandparents , since most of them aren't with us any more . enfj mom + istp dad = istj ( myself ) and my ( most likely ) esfj brother . i've never really known an estj for a long time , but from what i've seen and heard estjs usually tend to lose their cool and their lectures can get very extensive and unreasonable if something ... currently playing professor layton mostly for the plot . the puzzles can be a bit interesting , otherwise very unexpected and not of my liking . i voted estp , because they'd probably be the most brave to deal with the aliens before all the other types . though , enfj does come in as a close second . yes . trust issues has always been a big thing for me . i always have this aching suspicion stopping me from trusting people all the time , and the idea of them lying never goes off . of course , it ... probably the most typical scenario , but ... someone : i made it on time ! istj : no , you're 5 seconds late . oh , i didn't know type 5 istjs were that common ! i'm a 1w9 istj , and all to be honest i expected 6 and 1 to be the most common out of all the nine types seeing how i've never met a type 5 istj ... i'm about the same irl and online , except i'm usually a bit more expressive and less scary sounding online . i can be a lot more demanding irl , too . obvious , but i bolded those i related to the most . oh , this is interesting . let's see , from my point of view ... enfps are quite noticeable when you talk to them . enfps usually suggest a lot of ideas that usually come off as bizarre ( at least from ... istj . as an istj myself , i can testify to that . i hang out with a group with a lot of esfps , infps , and enfps , and i'm the one who usually has to keep everyone in check from going overboard when ... hello there , i've been lurking around certain threads on the forums for a year or so now and i figured i might as well show myself now . my username leads to my first name ( conflictingdusk , the ... '