' am i the only enfj that doesn't enjoy talking ? i never talk about myself and i'm an incredibly private person , i just don't understand the ' talk at you ' stereotype we often get . i'm much more ... i agree ! there's not a whole lot for 4s , and i've had so many random people try and tell me i have to be a 2 simply because of my mbti , which is quite annoying . as predicted , i actually mistyped as ... uggg , fine mom , get off my back ! lol . you're right , shouldn't derail a thread with a tickle war . euclid , you know where to find me . : wink : omg yes ! ! let's do it ! ! i'm totally down ! hello emankiwi and welcome , welcome , welcome ! ! ^ _ ^ i have to agree that i'm drawn to confidence as well . laughter is also huge for me . i'm a very giggly , positive person and so my attraction ... bring it ! ! ! you're going dooown mister ! ! * bounces around * no one can resist the enfj giggle and all it's cuteness ! ! i'll have you pinned to the floor gasping for breath as i sit triumphantly ... ohhh ? and intps aren't ? : tongue : tickle fight ! ! ! ahhh damn , i'm sorry . > . < i would love to hear your story ! ! i could also try to help sort out what's happening if you'd like . :) the reason i ask is because sometimes when you realize someone loves you it can be ... silverfalcon thanks for the suggestion ! i updated the thread title so it hopefully doesn't sound trolly . and i apologize for the vagueness of the word romantic . when i say romantic i mean ... thank you for the resources , i love those threads ! i just wanted to create a bigger dialogue about feelings and love , and how it's experienced by your type with inferior-fe , rather than specifics ... hello my lovely intps ! please tell me more about love , love , love . here are some guiding questions to get you thinking , but any feelings around love or anecdotes about how you fell in love or if ... ti ! ! i love the way you think and how much you can teach me , it's so sexy ! plus i love the exchange we have with fe , you're so cute when dealing with your emotions ( and this is where i help you to ... yes ! i am very big into our oceans and always have been . never in my life have i ever consumed fish / shellfish . learning about the fishing industry and how messed up it is was and still is a passion ... whoa that's crazy ! ! i did not hear about that , wow ! i love pokemon ! ! which ones are you favorites ? ? i usually have an entire team of eeveelutions and a fire fox in there ... that's so wonderful that you found someone who impacted your life like that ! ! yaaay ! ! i'm californian so the ocean is my second home , those few thousand kilometers ain't got nothing on me ! and about the complimenting thing , i totally know what you mean . but i kind of meant it as a ... not so great . been a tough few days . lost my one and only grandfather , he was also my first family member to have died . it was a nice service , a full catholic mass followed by a reception and then ... where are you from ? i'll come meet you ! ! :p we are somewhat hard to find statistically , but as for me , i love being in leadership positions and am pretty positive and friendly . i can also keep to ... you didn't mention either of your statuses relationship-wise . i don't know if you have talked about your pasts or if either of you are looking / in the emotional state for a relationship ( has this ... my grandfather passed away today . i was at work when i get a text from my mom telling me . thanks mom . i spent my break in the restroom crying and still had two more games to work . and my job ... cheating ? why do you think she's someone who would cheat ? do you know her relationship history ? you're making an assumption that a flirtatious woman is a woman who cheats and that is completely ... as long as you are ok with completely losing this woman as a friend and flirt . saying if you were single sounds creepy and is a red flag that you might be obsessive or needy . and speaking from ... totally agree with citricboxer . everyone's a bit awkward in high school so it's a great time to take chances and move out of your comfort zone . you say she's in a different weapon squad , which ... seeker * hugs * i'm truly sorry you're having to go through this . you sound like an incredibly strong individual and i know things will get better . i'm glad to hear the kitty is doing alright ... i totally think enneagram and instinctual variants , hell even tritypes , can contribute to different types of enfjs . i'm 4w3 sx / so . tritype 479 : 4w3 - 7w6 - 9w8 . i feel like my desire to fit in ... and this is hilarious to me because i can't stand entps . they're one of the most disagreeable types to me personally , both romantically and platonically , which just goes to show people are more than ... love the arrogance here , super attractive . let me just fall at your feet . * rollseyes * the best way to communicate that you want no strings attached is to communicate you want no strings attached ... hello lovelies ! ! ! * hugs * so , i would love some advice ( sorry , kind of long ) . after talking for quite some time with an infp friend , it seems we've run out of topics . most of the time is spent ... http://s8.favim.com/orig/150512/depresion-draw-girl-manga-Favim.com-2726118.jpg ^ me as of late . the outside persona full of joy , smiles , and optimism . and the hidden feelings of failure , ... awww , i really appreciate the hug , that's very sweet , thank you ! ! * happily hugs back * thank you for the insight , and for the record , i love the clunky awkwardness , haha . ^ _ ^ the funny thing ... hi friends . i need a hug . i just got dumped by a very close intp friend . he's bored with me and would prefer if i only talk to him maybe once a week as he searches out other females . and he ... no worries ! yeah , my trip's like a week and a half ... heh . and i've already been groped and had my metro card stolen , wahoo ! > . < everything you've wrote about your friend does sound fe-dom , i can ... i'm going to new york solo tomorrow for like a week or so and i'm a bit nervous ! i'm excited too of course , but have any of you ever taken a trip by yourself ? how'd it go ? storytime ! 1 . do you consider yourself to be romantic / do you like romance ? 2 . ideally , what would be the best time with your sweetie ? 3 . do you have an anecdote of a time you were romantic that ... snuggles in a pillow fort , come join me ! ! * tosses pillow at your face * i love intps . they're hilariously witty , we have the best nerdy conversations , and they can be adorably awkward . i also find it fascinating how we can balance each other out . i love helping them sort ... i need a hug ... my roommate and i were driving on this dark , foggy road and we hit an opossum . there was no way of avoiding it . i had to keep calm and hold back my emotions to keep him from ... i'm glad you were able to figure things out and move forward . as long as you're happy , that's what matters . * hugs * ^ _ ^ maybe he's not all that into you and never was ... we are friendly to everyone . this can be misconstrued as romantic interest . it does not sound like you were in a mutual committed relationship , ... love , love , love ! you intps ^ _ ^ did you ever think that maybe the nfp came on too strong ? that the enfj was genuinely being nice , curiously asking questions to figure out and help the nfp , only to have the nfp misconstrue these ... i agree with seare 825 , and i would say that for me , i don't want you to solve my problems ( which i know can be hard ) . i just need you to listen and support / comfort me . the worst thing you can do is ... i have to disagree with some of this . i am perfectly fine being friends with those i have been sexual with and it maybe didn't work out or was awkward or we just decided we were bored with each ... have you told this enfj how you feel ? that you're curious about where you stand ? if you had a fling , this person may have really enjoyed talking with you in a more-than-friends way , and with that ... we are here . ^ _ ^ yes , there may not be very many , but trust me , we're around . i can't speak for other enfjs , but as for myself i tend to lurk a lot more and post only when i'm in certain moods . i ... i'm totally uncertain of my future . but i've learned to not worry so much about those things . you have to live one day at a time and be thankful for what you have , and as much as i dream about the ... ha i have embarrassing moments all the time . most recently , i was on break at work last thursday with a mug of coffee and chatting on skype when a new person i haven't met walks in and extends his ... ever feel alone in a crowded room ? i'm so sick and tired of being there for everyone else only to be left in isolation when i need help . i don't ask for it , like , ever , but there are sometimes ... hola amigos ! considering our forum has been overrun with type compatibilities again , i thought it would be fun to post hilarious stories you may have heard as captain fe . people always turn to us ... '