' mankind dosent deserve that ... who's gonna live or die / disappear dosent matter to me . what i am trying to say is that the planet we live on isnt ours . we share it with every other animal who lives ... well , i am worried . i live in a country with quite few people so i dont get the direct consequences . but if every living human soul shall have a ok life seen by a materialistic perspective , we have ... i would remove about 6 billion people from all over the earth . we are way to many ... all the people . there are way to many of us . yes , i love heavy rain and thunderstorms . first off all i like feeling the rain , second of all , it matches my mood . here where i live it has not been any rain for the last month , and the good weather ... nietzsche is my favourite . the way he writes about us humans is fantastic . i feel connected . mail man , i dont like police . unfortunately because of the laws . water or soda ? i get very frustrated when im dealing with istj's ... si dom people in general . i've off-course met nice si people , but the chemistry is not where it could be . i live in oslo as well , its hard to relate to anyone . i have one person i can talk about feelings with face to face , but as you say its hard . i often shoot some english words into my sentences . all ... exactly ! i feel very alienated as well , the ignorance and a4 culture is killing me . i see , i've never been to finland . but i would like to experience the beautiful nature finland has to ... well pretty much like norway then ... cool ! finland seems like a intuitive place to be honest . i've read about the school system and generally finlands development , seems like some bright ideas . i like that . norway on the other hans is a ... am i to late to the party ? norwegian infp here . i dont feel like norway has a lot of nf's to be honest . hey , i'm just going to casually jump onto this thread . is there still any enfp's around here that would mind having a chat with me :) ? i'm an infp as you may see . i'm glad to hear . yes i feel you on that too . sometimes the rationality can wait , the rationality might be the simplest . but our life is more than simplifying , we cant forget about the truth you ... well , i have thought about this before . my primary idea about the infpness i'm blessed with is that i should respect my feelings . i'm not saying i should depend 100 % on feelings , but i know feelings ... write down some exercises you want to do before you go down there . and last but not least , music ! grilling . books or movies ? when im with relatives , cant handle it . i consider my self slightly demisexual yes . when it comes to love i need something deeper then looks and attitude . i need something that connects on deeper level . but to be honest , looks also matter ... yes i know , but if you see the second video you dont get a very good impression of them . i might have missed something tho . well that dosent sound to well , i'm not sure how to interpret this , should i be worried ? i might need some more info ... this is a very old thread but i'll comment anyway . for the last couple of nights , i am pretty sure i've met my anima . the first time i saw her i thought she was my ex , but when i think about it ... from my experience as a elementry-school ; step inteacher . ( i'm 19 ) its great if you understand the emotional behaviur in the group . small kids are very unpredictical when it comes to stress and social ... because i grew up with calvin and hobbes . and many people tell me i'm very similar to calvin . like today i built 13 snowmen outside my house . i'm 19 x ) i found out im demisexual . im skiing in whistler ( canada ( bc ) ) right now x ) if that count . i was climbing alot indoors before . but i find mountain hiking more fun . look what i just built :D 469538 i dont enjoy alcohol , but i enjoy weed . i personally belive that nobody can tell me what to put in my body . but that dosent really matter . i do it because i enjoy the creative bubble it puts me in , ... 1 - into the wild 2 - interstellar 3 - v for vendetta i love into the wild because of the load of fi , its the same with v for vendetta . the soundtrack ( eddie vedder - society ) for into the wild is ... had 680 , now i have 520 ish . i deleted the people i dont know . but i still think i got way to many . lets hit the club ! i would love to work as an psychiatrist / counsellor . or a fighter pilot :D the difference is huge , i know . but i love planes . i have a dog , its a border collie . i did take her to a course with a proffesional agility trainer , where we could get some guidence on how to stimulate our dog best . i remember how the trainer where ... thank you , that was great ! last wednesday i experienced that if a boy like that dosent want to join the others , dont push him . one of the other teachers tried to push him and force him to join ... moving on my own . living in my own space , my own rules , my own head , my own ideas . and i look forward to having a degree in psychology , and having a job that involves introvision and personal ... thats how we fi people learn to live life ... i also have a poor memory when it comes to facts , dates and theories . but when it comes to mbti , general psychology and philosophy i manage to learn and ... yea thats pretty much what i thought . i hated pressure as much as he hates pressure :P thank you :) i work as a coach form my local cross-country skiing club . and every wednesday my task is to pick up 15 kids at my local elementary school and arrange som teamwork exercises and physical activity for ... trust me , you are not alone . i felt exactly the same way after going to my old therapist . maybe your therapist are an extrovert ? but after a couple of years going back and forth between therapists , ... i grew up in a neighborhood filled with some of the richest and most successful people in norway . to be honest i think the majority of my neighborhood are sj's . anyway , as an infp that can get ... it's funny , i actually met a entj at a party a couple of weeks ago . and the funny thing is that both of us felt this special connection . he understood me and i understood him . but it wasn't a gay ... interesting ... i have blonde hair , but when its winter it turns darker ... 6 hours of sun each day from now on , yey . https://open.spotify.com/user/haribomini/playlist/6cKoqEGXisqVWdjSPcdpHn eyyy ! glad to hear :) what kind of music do you like :) ? i personally love pink floyd and music with a taste of acid , and i like some rap artists as well :) people like you and me ? idealists ? i value lyric way more than catchiness , off course i am in love with the art of organizing sounds ( music ) . but for me a god song need to have a deep and ... if you have anxiety issues i would stay away from black-market pot , but if you buy legally ( colorado or the netherlands ) you can get pot which is god for your anxiety :) . that's true , the propaganda we are teaching kids today don't work ! education is the answer ;) really : o thank you for sharing your experience :) '