' extraverted delusion ( i'm realy sorry for my bad english ) ok let me put it in another way , we have to choose a product . then prepare a presentation in which we describe our product and give ... hay guys , i have a presentation about pricing . each student need to choose or invent a product and price it . so my class mates products were : - chocolates - camera - makeup - iphone know ... i was straggled between ranvenclaw and slytherin , but when i read the welcome message , and the description for the both houses i decided that ravenclaw description fits me better although i'm highly ... hay every one , which tritype do you think will be good match for 7w6 -3-1 tritype ? belive it or not , i only met few intj's in my life and all of them were 4 ! ! ! as for the rest which is based on my experience : - istp's - 5 entp's - 7 and 6 enfp's - 7 istj's - 1 and 6 ... fore sevens : 4 ' s ( we always attract each other ) 9 ( they fallow our planes and most of my friends are 9 ’ s ) 3 ( i ’ m attracted to their ambition and their attitude ) 5 ( we make great team ) i thinks ... in short , it means that you are cool . : cool : 458  3008 2 yes ! i daydream like 7 hours per day and most of the times i talk when i daydream loool . esfj's , my cousin ahhh … firest , they don't understand intelligence they believe the one who gets the heights mark in school is considered the most intelligent person , which means istj's are the ... ue32esnape .. snape .. severus snape ue32e ue106ue106ue106 i did : - snape - harry potter vegeta - dbz kaiba - yu gi oh i think they are all intjs loool i just love mysterious characters i think snape is an intj 5w4 loool my mom is an isfp and my dad is an entp they have a wonderful relationship and me also i have a wonderful relationship with my mom . i have been always attracted to intj's they are my firest ... i love clothes , bags and perfumes so i love shopping ! http://weeaboo.files.wordpress.com/2008/02/touhou-enneagram.png and i'm only speaking about hairy women not little body hair . so mmm then if you are comfortable walking in the street with your too much body hair then i congratulate you that you have proven ... the logical reason to shave your body hair is the same reason to why your shaving your moustache unless you don ’ t mind walking in the street with your moustache and children and men would start to ... i agree with you . mom isfp - 9w8 dad entp - 6w7 brother istj - 1w9 brother enfp - 7w8 sister istj - 2w3 cousin istp - 5w6 extroversion | 66 % orderliness 30 % emotional stability | 70 % accommodation | | 54 % inquisitiveness 76 % type is scuai ... crazy i can't believe that i have forgot to mention it . well , my cousin and my friends also teachers always tell me that they could read me easily , i guess it's my enneagrame 7w6 , also sometimes when i'm really stressful i try to hide my feelings ... tide your room know ! argumentative , know it all , kind , brave , optimistic and easy to read . i mean bored . yeah i know but i was bord but thank you anyway . harry isfp 6 - 2 - 1 hermione istj 1w9 - 6w5 - 3w4 ron esfp 6w7 - 3w2 - maybe 9w8 molly esfj 2w1 - 6w7 - 8w9 draco estp 3w2 - 6w7 - 8w7 snape ... yeah that makes sense especially his enneagrame 2w1 , but also being overly nice isnt a natural intp thing but there is always an exception . but i dont see ti as a dominat function in trunks and ... wow i think that is a weird thing dont you think ? i have an intp aunt well she hates fe moments you know hugs moments , well she says thank you and sorry but not that much . well i didn ’ t type trunks as an infj because of vegeta point of view but that was only an example , now you said that intp's fe can become more dominant and uncontrollable when the intp is ... i dont belive that trunks is an intp vegeta always call him weak because of his feelings i think trunks is an infj tertiary ti or infp also i dont think bulma is a f person she is very logicall ... ohhh sorry i was thinking about deepika padukone , well i think priyanka is an extp . i think that she is an infj goku isfp vegeta ixtj bulma entp trunks infj chichi esfj yamcha estp picoolo intj gohan isfj i think its very hard to tell because akira always changes the their peronality in every new ... ok , but you are going to jump without a rope then it's going to be fun :) i haven ' t met an infj male but i have met a lot of infj females and they are always attracted to me it's realy easy for me to build a friendship with them without really trying and one of them is my ... nah , i do this all the time :) let's think of somthing else ? wow , we are nearly the same tritype ! my tritype is 7-3- 1 , wings ( 7w6 - 3w2 - 1w9 ) . i haven ' t met an infj male but i have met a lot of infj females and they are always attracted to me it's realy easy for me to build a friendship with them without really trying and one of them is ... now , if i add android to the poll is it going to win ? which one will an entp prefer and why ? i'm 7w6 and my tritype is 7w6 - 3w2 - 1w9 i think it's weird for an entp to be type 1 . how could i develop my se function ? hay guys , i would love to know your opinion of this : type 1 best match : worst match : the same goes for type 2 , 3,4 . 5 , ... and it would be awesome if you could suggest the tritype like : ... check in here characters on ally mcbeal by enneagram type i do when i & #8217m stressed i get cold , introvert and working very hard . me too ! and i love my religion . people who are stubborn , who believes that they are always right and people who are controlled by there emotions . '