' deal all , i guess there are many threads with a similar topic , but i'm so desperate i need to post it right now . i've studied german literature and english , and have been working as an online ... ahoi . yeah . i've been gooone for a long time . not that this is of interest ... due to depression i'm stuck at home and trying to remember what i once enjoyed , and that's why this forum came to my ... argh , i see how you are so confused , i have so much trouble typing her as well :) ... i find your arguments very plausible ... even though i have been thinking for long that she has to have had some ... yes , i have thought about an immature infj as well ... i am quite torn between him being an p and the definite amount of fe i notice ... however , i have ended the affair or whatever it was ... i ... i asked him to do the human metrics test , and there he got isfj , very high on i , only 1 point on the s-side , and f and j around 38 or so ... dont really know what to make of that ... i know it's just ... i'd really appreciate your help concerning the typing of my new crush , because i am completely clueless about his type , even though i had quite a clear idea at the beginning ... so , he : - is an ... wow , it's really interesting that so many of you infjs have sfj moms :) ... i thought for a while that my dad is an estj and my mom is an esfj . however , i let them do the humanmetrics test , and ... i know there has been a thread on this question somewhere , but i am unable to find it :/ ... i know this question sounds a bit naive . i'll try to explain what i mean ... i have come to find ... how would you type him ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iYRwLVCRqXs http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fk5JbayKQEc i find this is really hard to say because so much depends on the individual , but i think they'd have to be some kind of n-type . i also have very good s-friends , but it's not the same connection and ... how would you type him ... ? i find that he seems to be slightly predestined to play int-characters :D ... youtube - jesse eisenberg plays mark zuckerberg in the social network - interview ... ... how would you type him ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jw1H8WqY_J4 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WDfdJU8-y58&feature=fvw http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8J-FHIhyBfQ i don't know him well , so i cannot say much ... but ... i'd really appreciate your opinion ( guesses ) on his type ... - he is a law student - he is 23 but feels very mature for his age and most of ... this is absolutely how i am as well ... ! and i hate hate hate that i am shy with people i like romantically ... good to know i'm not the only infj with this : happy : ... i have a completely unscientific question that i have been thinking about due to personal observations ... do you think nts like listening to metal more often than people from other ... hey , thanks for your reply :) ... and good to know that you know similar people :D ... i guess it's just that people are more than their mbti type ;) ... yes , i have also had the impression that ... since i have only seen this person once , and also because it's impossible to type other persons correctly , i know this is impossible ... but ... nevertheless , i'd really appreciate any impressions ... @ nikson , i have also considered this type for her ... ! the thing is , the test she did gave her esfj , which i could also see ... actually , i am torn between enfj , esfj and isfj ... if she is esfj , ... yes , this is another of these stupid i need help-threads ... it is about my longest friend , whom i have known since my early childhood . we are like sisters , i guess . i guess we'd probably never ... what do you think his type is ... ? i could say i sense some ni , but , well , that's possibly just because i adore the older killers ' lyrics ... and definitely some fe somewhere ... generally i'd say ... mh ... i have thought about that i guess the people closest to me share either my perceiving function or my judging function , so i'd say : infj intj esfj isfj however , i am not sure whether ... how about sylvia plath and ted hughes ? infj ( i know other's have argued infp for her ) and intj ? i'd definitively think they are an nf + nt-couple ... yes , that could explain that ... mabye it's an sj-nf problem , or , rather difference ... even though i do know sfjs who are a lot more empathetic than my mum ... but often isfjs , i guess ... yes , i've thought about that too , that i could see both as estj , but , well , definitively not , if i compare them , because they are very different , and i think this is not only individual difference ... thanks for your suggestion ! ... i also think that it is likely that my mum falls into the sj temperament ... i am also not sure about the t / f thing with her ... could be a t with a well-developed f ... i had another thread on this topic a while ago ... however , i need your help again ... i thought i was sure about their type ... i once made an mbti test myself , and there they tested estj ... okay , i see what you mean with seeing se-te in him rather than fi-ni , i really agree with this ... and i was thinking about him being uncomfortable , at least insecure about the role he is to play ... i have thought about sp too ... even though i could also see him as an isfp , i guess ... however ... i am not completely sure ... his interest and job seem really very very sp like , i agree with ... eerm ... i know it's embarassing to know such people ( prince daniel , duke of västergötland - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia ) , but since he reminds he so much of someone i know i have really been ... ... what do you think about her possible type ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LN2yRuzcyHg i can imagine to easily connect with her , don't know why ... oooh , my mum is an esfj as well , aaand i can absolutely agree ... even though i think with my mum it's the combination of her personality and her being my mum :) ... because i have esfj friends ... and thanks for the great article ... ! my bf used to test as isfp , intp and infp ... even though looking into the functions didn't help much either ... but i think he's immature concerning ... i absolutely agree ! ! i know so many thinking types who really care deeply about others ... from te - to ti-users ... and besides , i think caring for others can be so relative ... people do it in so ... i see what you mean : crying : ... and i can't deny this ... what makes me : crying : , which again illustrates you're right : crazy : ... i think if we work on not taking everything personally , we can ... i can only speak for myself , but i am really effusive when i am given enough trust ... i think people who know me well and whom i trust would really describe be as extraverted ... but if i don't trust ... i have noticed that i have difficulties with some es , especially enps ... no offence , though , i think they are great , but their apporach to life is just sooo different from mine . and i hardly ever ... mh .. i am not a good typer , but somehow the description of your first friend resonates with me ... have you considered infj ? i can see how you see fi and possibly ne in her ... but a lot what could be ... for those of you who have seen this movie ... how would you type george ? charly ? kenny ? jim ? wooow ... i think you are really lucky with this moment of realization about what you want to do ... haaach ... i am finishing my master's degree in english and german literature ( without the ... that's interesting what you say about enfps divulge information that they don't feel personal about but withhold what they consider personal ... maybe that is related to fi ... ? i don't know , maybe ... i'm sorry to hear that ... it sounds rather sad to me : sad : ... i don't know if it has something to do with type or if it is a personality trait : sad : ... my best friend ( met her when i was one year ... maybe withholding information from your shrink is an nf-thingee :) ... maybe ... not ... i don't know ... but i agree that , as far as i know , enfps are really some of the most guarded extroverts ( at least ... wooops , i do that too : laughing : ... it's comforting that you do it , too , because i thought this is really ... ridiculous ... sorry , i just mean that in relation to myself , not to you ... but it's just ... i don't want to go into that she-looks-like-a-horse-discussion ... but : i'd like to know what you think about her type ... is she an isfp ? i have read this somewhere , and it'd make sense to ... it's hard to say whether she is an e or i ... i'd say i , because she never talks anyone's ear off ... even though she says she hates to be alone at home and avoids that , and does not seem to be in ... it seems you did not see my recent post :( ... i feel pretty bad now , ahem , as i obviously am not a good friend . but ... i don't know . i really love her , but it was so way way too much for me ... mh ... if anyone is interested , i give this thread a push with some more information ... i have ended our friendship , but i don't want to go into detail over that ... it had something to do with me ... sorry to open a complete thread on her , but i didn't find one on her ... i have read different sources saying she is an enfp , infp and isfp , and infj ... i personally do see that she uses fi a ... it's interesting that you mention your istj-dad ... because that's what i can say about my estj-dad as well ... he never gets emotional games , and even if he did , he would refuse to play along ... ... and if so , which types ... ? i don't mean manipulation in a purely negative sense , could also be positive ... and i know this does not necessarily have anything to do with type ... but , i'm ... '