' happiness and happy people don't bother me one bit ... it's more the expression ( or over-expression in most cases ) of happiness that gets on my nerves ... but the same can be said about sadness , anger , ... i have difficulty relating to people in general ... women ... yeah ... definitely more trouble relating to them than to anyone else ... all my female friends are lesbians ... and everyone thinks i'm ... them : hey what's up ? me : :: snaps out of a daze :: huh ? them : i said hi :: laughs :: me : oh ... :: clears throat awkwardly :: hey ... them : oh , i had to walk home in the rain yesterday . me and my ... ew . hugs . lol . ;) mmm ... i'd love me some intj . ahahah =) well , i recently found that my sister-in-law is an esfp shes awesome ! so i've come to the conclusion ... that i just wouldn't date one . lol . =) yeah , my mom made me go to therapy because she said i have emotional issues and my therapist tried to diagnose me with schizoid personality disorder ... i asked her what the hell that meant and ... awesome ! isolation knowing through predicament . ahaha . that sorta makes sense . :) i'd like to retract the statement quoted below . i posted this shortly before moving back in with my mother . she began being really nice and i thought she had changed , but it turns out she just ... i've always gotten amy lee . http://imstars.aufeminin.com/stars/fan/evanescence/evanescence-20070627-275495.jpg http://www.mtv.com/news/photos/g/grammy05/red_carpet/amylee-cu.jpg i think ... do you recall displaying emotion during your childhood ? i don't recall showing much emotion ... except when i was really really young ( like 4 or 5 ) , i used to cry when my mom left me , or when i'd see ... well ... i don't not care . anyone can post in this thread , i'm not a total snob . although i did directly ask the intp's , i'm not going to shun any non-intp input . : happy : <--- devout follower . it's the only religion that makes any sense . lol . :: sigh :: yet another intp idea taken over by intj's ... if only i were intj ... ahahahaha . : crazy : oohhh ! this is what you were talking about ! oh no this will not do . i'll have the highest room ... that way i can lock myself in . how about that ? and then there can be room for one other ... well the friendlies would have to be approved ... by the intj's and they can be removed at any time . perfect ! this saves me the trouble of drawing up the plans myself ! ( i'm liking this already ) now ... for the construction ! well , when the island is done ... if you can pass the inspection , you'll be allowed to pet one ... i am offended that you would even say something like that ... :: tries to do the whole emotional thing :: ( it totally doesn't work ... i can't help but giggle , actually ) our island is gonna be awesome ... okay , here's the deal . i'll come up with a master plan for a private island equipped with all intj needs ... and i'll let all you intj's actually make it ... and then i'll adopt all intj's ! ! ! and ... not in my world . ahaha . google is a given in my book ... anyone who doesn't use / love google is probably not human ... or not worthy . lol . i'll definitely check that out . i usually like dark beer . newcastle is my favorite . i like guinness also . and of course the girly flavored stuff . i hardly drink beer though . it makes me ... that looks damn good ! ew ... hugs ... lol . i would talk to your long distance buddy about all this if i were you . i mean , just let him know that you're interested in seeing someone a little closer to you ... you may lose him , but what exactly ... sheesh guys ! take a compliment . i mean seriously , they're rare from me . lol i'm kidding ... except they really are rare ... but i don't care ifyou take it or not ... oh i know j doesn't absolutely ... i agree that suicide should be totally acceptable , and in the end it has to be accepted , therefore making it acceptable . i mean , what is someone going to do , resurrect that person and tell them that ... hey , i was surfing the web and i was thinking , you know ... i usually go to the same websites ... almost daily . i was wondering what websites other intp's go to regularly ... or not so regularly , but ... my space is always a mess , and i'm rather scatter-brained ... you guys are neat and all put together ... at least my best friend's ( intj ) house is always spotless ... and her bills are always paid ... my mom : a loony bin ... isfp my dad : hardly around ... alcoholic ... so i can't really say what he is ... best guess : entj , although he may be intj , the e may just be a product of excessive ... haha . thanks . i freakin love tmv . i saw them live twice , and when i couldn't go a third time ... i almost cried ... not really but i was upset . lol . and i think this is what happens when you have ... i can't explain it , but i oftentimes feel like i'm not really here . other people notice it too ... new people don't take kindly to it , but the people who have been around me a while usually tell the ... i dated an esfp . it was miserable . he couldn't hold a job for the entire 3 years we dated . at the start of our relationship we would always go to parties , but he would do things to embarrass ... i say get over it . that's what i'd do ... if he wants to make effort , he'll make the effort ... but if he's not putting forth initiative now , he won't later on ... so don't waste your time . if ... my mom is an isfp . i am intp . i'll say this again , as i have said a million times ... isfp's are loony ! now hear me out . i mean no offense ... my mom and i get along very well ... when we get along ... i've come to realize the older i've gotten , that everyone smokes marijuana ... i don't care if they legalize it or not ... i would love for it to be decriminalized , but i'd still smoke either way . ... teflon is the name of the mars volta song i was listening to when i signed up for personalitycafe . i never expected to actually become a part of this so i just picked anything ... but after reading a ... i'd say it's your childhood that made you the way you are ... there are outstanding parallels between you and i , and i'm not so sure it's just a coincidence that we're the same personality type . i ... yeahhh ... so usually it's those f's that get really angry with me ... i tend to stay calm ... and that used to get on my boyfriend's nerves when he'd try to argue with me for the sake of arguing ... <-- artist ... and it's almost like heaven . deadlines are more flexible ... and i can charge top dollar for minimal effort . also i can lie and say it means something extravagant when it really ... i live near new orleans . our accent is really non-jurisdictional . most people tell me i sound like i'm from new york , but only when i say certain words ( like sorry ) or when i'm upset / angry and / or ... haha , that reminds me , i usually have this feeling i get and i describe it as not wanting to put forth the effort to speak ( i don't think it as being lazy so much as me not wanting to have to ... wow . totally thank you . this really helps out a lot . i just recently noticed this flaw of mine , and i'm almost sad i've let it go on for so long ( especially the ignorance toward it ) . i'm really ... hahahaha . you know , my mom is isfp , and you're right ; they're loonies . sometimes , however , it's refreshing because she comes off a lot more awkward than i do a lot of times . hahahahahahaha . ... i find that my emotional retardation really gets me in trouble a lot of times . like when i say things , or do things that offend people or hurt people's feelings , i usually don't know why it upsets ... i can definitely relate to all of those . like now ( 4am ) ... i dont know why , but sometimes i feel really anxious when i try to sleep until i see daylight coming , then i'll finally let myself go to ... mine are either blue or green ( they change , but when i was little they were wayyy blue , now that i'm older they're sort of going more to the green side ) ... i'm intp . 1 . ) indefinitely . i can go as long as you'll let me . sometimes i'll initiate contact with others , but usually when i'm alone , time seems to fly and i'm perfectly okay with that . i get a lot of crap ... your feedback was really helpful . i've always carried on the philosophy if it's not broken , don't try to fix it . i guess for him it's the opposite . ahh , those conversations ... you see , he ... '