' that is actually a false understanding of the theory ( and a very common mistake in these internet forums ) . theoretically speaking , if your n / s preference is somewhere in the middle , your preference ... there is no reason why you can't be somewhere between enfp and entp . mbti / jungian typology is not clear cut , fundamentally speaking . there are always gray areas . in the cognitive functions terms , it ... wow , another victim of the axis-based false typing shithole right there . being an isfj would mean , at least theoretically , you devalue ne and ti . your ne and ti may be quite underdeveloped . ne and ... you could say science is one opinion and flying spaghetti is one opinion - and we all fall into moralistic fallacy . no , jung & myers only used cognitive function idea to explain their theory better , ... that's a very skewed way of typing yourself ( in other words , wrong ) . don't fall in that shithole , which in fact lots of forumites here are locked in . note that the tertiary and the inferior functions ... i see some interesting stuff going on , i should join soon when i have some time .. count me in :) no wonder you can't understand it - no such thing as cognitive loop or dom-ter loop really exists in the theory . this really comes from a false understanding of the so-called function stack ... - posts like above will cause misconceptions that one would use either te / fi or ti / fe only ( a very popular misconception here in pc , usually called tandems or function axes ) . you can refer to ... let me make an assumption here : infj's are most loyal to entp's , if they chose to be loyal to them . isfj's are loyal too , but don't understand entp's n world as much . ( s's generally don't care ... - i will speak of my inferior ( si ) in terms of my default mode of operation ( ne + ti ) only - since that's what seems to be relevant here . it is used on a shallow and artificial level to tune down my ... i agree , idolization is usually very irritating - especially when it's directed towards a person or a group of people ( eg . a country ) . idolization of an object ( a thing or an idea ) is a lot ... i'll be away for the next few days and won't be able to reply . i think reckful can help us out in the meanwhile , if he doesn't mind . normal vs under stress is a black / white logic . there must be something in between , like a light pressure . in a normal situation , i'd rather use ne than ni . if i need to use ni , why not . i'll use ... what i bolded is what i thought so too , now i think there can be a variation - which is , entp with a strong e will turn into entj upon the defensive mindset , rather than intj . when ne + ti turns into ... how so ? why wouldn't he switch to a hormonal state of an enfp , using ne-fi ? ? ok , although i disagree with the above statement , i wouldn't totally disagree with it . it's something we can ... hmm . so fi is sort of an alternative for intp , but suddenly becomes the most unconscious for entp ? what about for xntp ? it seems you're basing your reasoning on socionics . can you ... it's simple - he is an enxp . my suggestion is - do not buy on those who say you have to belong to either . ( although it seems you need to learn more about the functions for now ) in my opinion ... interesting , i always have thought so too . although here , more introverted seems to mean socially introverted , which is more related to typical everyday usage of introversion . as we all know , ... top 3 is the part i disagree here , and i think this is the part that can bring some misunderstanding about the functions . let's think of it this way . do you then think inferior function is ... just like how preference level varies in mbti , the shadowness of the shadow functions varies for each individual . for me , even though i prefer ne the most , i'd use ni if there's a reason . the ... i agree . but i disagree with : entp = ti / fe enfp = fi / te if there is no further explanation . such juxtaposition make it seem that the functions are used in tandem , both in the same direction and ... ambivert , why not . but before going there , i suggest you these questions to think about : is your ti a result of your ne ? or is it more the other way ? also , do you tend to seek ... you seem to say entp = ti / fe , and enfp = fi / te , for every case . but what about those who have introverted judging attitude in general ( pi ) , all before having that much of a clear-cut preference for ... let the quote from jung give you some answers , hopefully . there is , finally , a third group , and here it is hard to say whether the motivation comes chiefly from within or without . this group is ... do you think there is nothing on the line of the 16 types at all , even for let's say between entp and intp ? t and f does not always contradict each other , they can actually collaborate quite well . a lot of people here in this forum seem to think t and f are so contrasting and cannot co-exist .. let me add a ... if you're saying one really has to be one or the other and there is nothing in between , i'd like to know why . glad to know you don't think of it as black / white ( sounded like it when you first replied ) . let's go back to your comment , where you say they don't have ti , they have te now theoretically ... hmm you make it sound too complicated . i'd rather prefer a more intuitive and holistic approach . your explanation may work for entp , but it's too specific to be applied to other types . by the way ... let me ask you - is your si stronger than your ni , since you have si in your function stack and not ni ? classic misconception . i'd say - infps don't have te , they are rather unwillingly forced to use their shaky te to disguise their excessive fi . to me that sounds closer than have when it ... infp with lack of t ( ti ) - not sure . infp with intelligence and well-developed t ( ti ) , sounds awesome . very common misconception here in pc . this is because people here type themselves first , and then look at the functions . let me put it this way . everybody uses all of the below for cognitive ... personally i don't think the so-called loop theory is very logical . it usually starts from the common misunderstanding about the tertiary function , that : 1 . the tertiary function is the 3rd ... thank you , but that's too much detail for me . i personally prefer more intuitive and comprehensive explanation ( like the very basic cause / relationship / reasons ) . btw you seem to claim that intj ... axis-system hmm .. are you saying intjs and esfps have something specific in common , since they both have te / fi axis ? i'd like to know . i'd think of them as rather polar opposite . my view is that fi and ti are not necessarily contradictory . they would collaborate quite often in certain occasions , just like how fe and te collaborate . such statement that ti and fe goes ... i guess we do agree on the sense that tertiary and inferior functions have a different nature compare to dominant and auxiliary which are pretty much genuine . but i wouldn't call it powerful ... ( i wrote basically the same post somewhere else before , i'll repeat it since i think it fits quite well here ) i consider the function stack ( dom-aux-ter-inf ) valid , but not in the order of the ... jazz here too . i don't know , something about jazz is just appealing to me . i think it's because it's a kind of music that improvises . which means , it constantly throws out new rough ideas all over ... i kinda thought about this a little for the last few days , here are some ideas so far : - this is ne working at its fullest . as an extraverted perceiver , i need to experience / learn as much ... it's funny , this is exactly what i was thinking after coming back from a trip recently . when it comes to travelling , i just suddenly become a totally different person . part of the reason is ... you're right about the point that the meaning of entp is directly associated with the function stack ( i personally don't like the word stack here , it's too 1 - dimensional ) . i don't disagree ... no . i'm implying that tertiary and inferior are not necessarily third and fourth . if you firmly believe that ( i hope you don't mean this ) , say , si is really the 4th strongest function for entp ... try to read idontthinkso's signature link , it's up the page . i think it might help you understand more about the variety within entp ( regarding the use of ti / fi ) . they say entps are the most introverted extroverts ( thanks to ne + ti ) . ( some say intps are the most introverted introverts too ) this is maybe why many entps are confused whether they are intp . ... i agree that it's very frequent that many people only reinforced their former strategies . it's almost sad in some cases . ideally this counter-force would have to get trained and utilized to some ... your signature link seems very interesting to me . i can't say that it is the truth , but it's logically very consistent and correct . i have one thing to ask about your opinion though . i too ... sorry for a late comeback . i understand too how the word conceptual / fact can be confusing too , if j / p distinction is not made . btw i think the initial problem in this debate was that ... '