' i am fooled by them all the time . they have an uncanny ability to hide all feeling to the point of conveying the opposite of what they feel ... and i find this extremely offputting . to answer the question : no ... imo . good plan , susanna . i know exactly how you feel . i pick up everything ... like a fly strip . and just a yukky . i just want to be simple and sane and in the company of someone who is also simple ... i'm definately too intense . people feel me 15 miles away . it's not fun knowing i'm sticking out like a neon sign while all the while trying to be invisible . my emotions are so intense i have to ... hi maddsmar , thanks for the response . it's so nice to get a response . most of the world does not respond , is irresponsive , ir-respons-able . i would focus on my strengths if i could locate ... lost in space as mentioned unless someone ropes my heart ( not hard ) by their simply connecting in an authentic way . trite , fake , pushy ... are easily detectable and instant turn offs . authentic , no ... this sounds exactly like the person who i have been attracted to ... who is constantly leading me to a certain point then wham > ... gone . ... still thinking ... not rude at all ... realistic . i appreciate the feedback and help . i'll have to rid myself of the habit of falling for people who are not interested at all . my wiring is not in ... hi red riding hood , i think it's totally infj to be a ' devout catholic girl ' . we are all ' devout ' in our inner search and your is as valid as the rest . in fact , you're not getting caught in the ... i also get dizzy ... but i think , for me , it always seems to coincide with having too much salt or too little blood sugar . mind marauder is right on . it's being extremely sensitive to vibes on a feeling level ... not really a power so much as a curse in most cases . we ( humans ) are far more transparent then we care to ... from what i've perceived , isfp's are very pragmatic and sensible and in the moment . they are not into inner implications or scenarios , just really present to what is actual . a quality i ... i can tell you that he is hurt . i would do that only because something wounded me ( we infj's get deeply wounded over what might seem inconsequential to another type sometimes ) . in fact , it's so ... blamed for being the very opposite of what we are ... because our facial expressions are so quietly plain ... mistaken for aloof or even more ironic ' cold ' ... hahah ... what a joke ! ! ! not always my favorite music but it is definately by and infj ... me . music page of reckless gents - mp3 music page on soundclick songs about being a hypersensitivefoolishdoomed lover . i ... hi reu , someone to connect to ... bingo . it's not as easy as i'd wish . i go on crying binges from loneliness ... it wreaks havoc in my self absorbed soul . thank you for making me feel less ... yes . both you and dizzygirl are right . i'm content to play it slow as long as it has forward movement . she is dead set , it seems , against hanging out in any way with me . i don't want romance .. i'll ... yes . your words i highlighted in blue hit the nail dead on . only there's also the fact of being in a tired stale relationship and also , being excluded from others because of it ... along with the ... the bfd about being normal is that i wouldn't be crushed by feelings , incapacitated , paralyzed ... from feeling rejected or snubbed ... ( common occurance ) . normal folk are thicker and bounce back ... i think i suffer hellishly because i am so narcissistic . i am self absorbed always feeling others and how they react to me ... always worried i'm disliked or under appreciated . makes me puke . i ... it's your purse ... it doesn't match those shoes ... : crazy : just kidding ... i can't for the life of me give an intelligent answer as to why a male with at least half a brain and one eye would not lie ... i'm wondering if there's any token , gift , gesture that ' works ' for an isfp woman . probably stupid question as we're all a bit different in the details but i'm wondering if there's a nice ... yes ! ! ! fuckin saps that we are ! : laughing : i mean it is beautiful but damn , my hearts desires are rarely met ... and i'm sooo self centered because i'm sooo damn introverted ... i thank you , sincerely , for your prayers . i seem to have lost faith also but god is good and will not let my stupidity ruin the big party ... i hope . :d ry : hello and thanks for writing your honest feelings here . no need to bs as time is short in this place . you resent the implication ? are you that invested in the type to actually feel resentment ? ... hello and thank you for your insight . i think you are missing the essence of my angst or i have not expressed it clearly . i don't like being infj because i am miserable . i am miserable because i ... ster , i'll get the response to you as soon as i have my 15 . gracias ! w that's just what i mean ... you say you wish more ppl would just understand you ... i say that is the problem ... why can't i just not give a blither what they think and go on enjoying life . way too ... what i'm saying is that i don't think these finer sensitive qualities are actually good . they are out of balance and far too self indulgent imo ... i want to let go of myself and what i feel and just ... yes , i try to adapt ... it's one step up three back . i'm a social invalid . i hate it . i want to not give a hoot about what people feel or say . i want to feel everything all the time . thank ... not sure i agree that it's the ' me-est ' part of ' me ' but i guess i do hate myself most of the time as i see myself imprisoned in this personality that overwhelms and limits me tremendously . why ... hello , i'm sorry that this will be a most unpopular thread but i have to say it . i hate being and infj ... i hate it . i am most definately one and am sick and tired of being so damn useless , ... i'm afraid my intense awkwardness has ruined the whole thing . she is most definately not interested . : bored : thanks for all the insights anyway . ster , make friends first is great advice . i'm trying . i'm afraid i scare the # $ % & out of her though . she gives the impression that she's interested then wham ... brushes me off like bird ... is this a recipe for doom or zoom ? : shocked : chelleblu , thanks for the response . ' concrete ' is good to know . straightforward is what i was sensing was scaring person away but it's more likely my apprehension coming through . haha ... i've no ... greetings , this is to isfp women . : happy : i see you are very reserved with feelings ( that's cool ) . i see you are very big on freedom and not being imposed on ( that's cool ) . i see you are very ... '