' well said . going to gnaw on that for awhile . thank you jeremy ! yep . as much as it irritates me to concede to that point , i do agree . value judgements are challenging for me and i still tend to be black & white in my thinking as a starting point to build on . but ... in response to jeremy 8419 ' s 1st post this response took me a while to process . i like the step by step , practical , cut to the chase advice . and yes , we are so busy defending ourselves that our flaws ... lol ! ! ! now i like infj's even more ... you had me at young lady ... lets just say i am more seasoned than i'd like to admit :) bless your heart ! yes , istps do say things bluntly esp about things ... that's exactly what i was doing ... i like that image ! i understand she gets relationships and she has helped me in some very political work situations in the past . appreciated in that situation , ... smile you made me actually smile ... a simple and easy solution , i can handle that ! i also appreciate your sense of fairness in that this is a 2 sided issue . indeed we both need to do our part in ... hello infjs ! i've been reading up on your posts and you seem to bring a lot of insight to bear and listen with patience . would like to hear what you think . i am an istp who has been placed with ... i can fulfill the nurse role and also be a pretty good caser / observer i share the same perception of the infj that i spend a lot of time with . it seems like there is a deep underlying thread of insecurity that constantly rears it's head internally . she expends a lot of ... it is interesting that you used the phrase break down that wall . i have had several conversations in the past with a close friend about my testing his sincerity about his feelings for me . as much ... the older i get , the more i think that faith is a gift of grace from god . this gets me into trouble if i think too long about it because it's a very circular argument of which comes first , the gift ... it is intersting how a few of my top strengths do contradict themselves . i often am at internal war , and most of the time i am the casualty since harmony often wins the day . as an aside , i just ... [ quote = honestandtrue ; 3250995 ] i'd be interested to hear what type or role you were in before and the type of role you are in now . it's amazing how some people can own , function , even excel in a role ... i am glad someone decided to resurrect this thread . i am fascinated by both instruments . we took the strengthsfinder test for work and i realized how much i was not wired for the role i had at the ... me too . more productive and sharp in the morning and wind down considerably by 1pm from constant interaction . especially can relate to the not being able to think clearly . that alone will cause ... i agree . i came here to better understand my ex-boss after i decided to leave my former job , and to do this i needed to find some common ground with other istps ( often by just reading posts ) to ... 43 and i prefer the noogie . ^ ^ this ! absolutely agree . i love being an istp , wouldnt dream about being anyone else . it took me awhile to get to this point though . i am over 40 and went through many adjustments trying to meet ... this is an untrue statement . in the christian and jewish traditions , the 10 commandments are a set of moral codes or rules . please explain to me how any of these don't cause harm to someone if ... you obviously dont need my permission to be non-religious , knock yourself out . i just dont follow your arguments against religion when you at times are using religious-based arguments and terms to ... i find it interesting that you use the word morals in your argument and that you have true morality to offer vs a belief in an oppressive god . i submit an interesting article that does a nice job ... as far as im concerned , you have entirely discounted your arguments against religion by your stance here . youve created quite the division all by your lonesome , without the evil of religion ... seamaid ~ i am sorry that youre going through this mess , my heart goes out to you ! i dont have much to add as far as advice goes but i do have a question . is it possible for you to move out ? i realize ... , i am very adept at predicting what will potentially back-fire and equally good at discerning the right course to take at work . nothing frustrates me more than wasting time on cleaning ... thanks for expressing your frustration the way you did ! that makes a whole lot of sense to me ... the overwhelming with details that drowns the actual point ... hmm . my past enfp boss often would ... while reading these perceptions of s's is annoying , your explanations do help me to understand why some n's respond to me the way they do . instead of jumping to the conclusion that s's arent ... in my past professional life , i was surrounded by peers who are intuitives ( who were mostly enf's ) . i was often in awe of their ability to see the possibilities and to strategize around ... am a nurse . bedside manner just fine . most sick people dont want to talk anyway-just meet their needs , keep them comfortable and let them rest . we also do well in ors , cath labs and other ... khys-thanks for the thread ! being one of the mature istps in the crowd ( seasoned seems a more accurate description as i can't claim mature most of the time ) i have felt the same way about the ... only if you take out the options of being an er or trauma nurse-or any high paced specialized life or death role ... those are pretty darn istp entreched ... up until 7 months ago i was a vp in a hospital for a 9 year stint . i learned to be efficient and good at meeting outcomes and speaking to drs and suits . i am a nurse by training with a masters in ... save and spend conservatively . except when i want something expensive , then i save until i have enough and get it-rarely happens . i hate depending on another person to provide for me . mostly i remove myself from the fray and expend energy all by myself ( run , walk , drive ) but usually it takes motion to dissipate my anger . i try very hard not to react verbally or physically in front ... ^ ditto . never underestimate the physical contact thing . also timing is everything when it comes to working out relationship problems . are there times when he is more open to hearing you than others ? ... thanks jungify ! your response certainly solidifies my experience with this enfj . the funny thing is , when i did all i could to honestly convey my openness to his honest performance feedback , he still ... ^ yep . when it comes to friendships , i tend to be very passive . i instinctively watch people . if someone shows interest in being my friend , over time ( like 2 years or more ) i will interact with them ... wow ! now that was an enlightening explanation , one that i had never heard expressed so well before . you have given me a lot to think about , enough that i am not sure what his reason would be in a ... i got ya and certainly feel your pain ! it sounds like you are making a healthy decision to leave your current job . the only consoling thought that i have about my former boss is , what goes around ... ok , so its more of a self-preservation decision to not share his whole opinion ? that it would reflect poorly on him instead of me ? did i catch that correctly ? hmmm . he had stated that he wasnt ... hello enfjs ! hoping that you all could give me some insight . i had a boss who typed as an enfj ( and maybe an enfp at times ) he had a very difficult time giving me ( and others ) honest , ... i am curious , how old is your boss ? has he been in this position long ? i ask because i had a very similar experience with a former boss ( who vascilated between enfp and enfj ) who had serious boundary ... this describes well my experience with enfps alot better than i tried to describe it yesterday . well said , khys . seems most of the folks around me are enfps . i do ok with them on an aquantance level but not any more . they do have some great qualities that i definately dont have , i . e . : socializing easily with ... dear enfp and infp , yes , i completely get that neither of you want to actually be responsible for doing the dirty work of being the bosses but guess what , you are the bosses . you have ... the ns in my life ( both extroverts and introverts ) seem to forget the immense value of just being in someone's presence , just doing something together or going somewhere without having to talk all ... catholic . i find it incredibly logical and profound-i needed to get through the stereotypes , misunderstandings and hypocracy surrounding it though . once i understood the foundations of the faith ... hopefully i wont derail this conversation too much by adding my istp experience with an enfp friend whom i really respected . he did the very same hot-cold act ( without disappearing ) to me . i guess ... i have one other istp female friend that i connect with . but i wouldnt say that the connection is what other types might look for . its more of a parrallel in-synch vibe that goes unspoken than an ... the differences are glaringly obvious in almost every interaction with her . thanks for the reminder to be gentle ... its amazing how much energy is sucked into my being conscious of reigning myself in ... gotcha ! thanks again . you've given me a lot to process . i appreciate it ! '