' at times i really do wish i am more e and less i . is it not more prudent to choose the least damaging method in any situation regardless if it is telling the truth or keep it to yourself ? note not telling isn't lying . entps are very similar to intp except they are better at expressing themselves which makes less weird because people understands them . it isn't anything visually lewd . it's just i could never have imagine sex between a guy and a formless voice be so hot . beyond that the whole movie itself is very touching and definitely worth ... social conditioning is pretty much part of that outer circumstances , right ? so you're not exactly rejecting it , are you ? vr porn with a conscience . that's the shit man . ever seen the movie her ? the sex scene was fucking hot . males and females too for that matter . well sometimes a strong belief can outwardly appear like ego . i tend to be vigilant before passing such judgement . i don't think there is one direct causation that create the situation as it is today . my ne forbids it from believing it . biological , social conditioning , both to me are very viable factors . my ti ... intuitive types are not sensing types with another layer absolutely not , they just have different priority when it come to which part of the brain to use . but consider this : 1 . sensory information ... : sleepytime :: sleepytime : no worries . : happy : 2am here i should probably sleep . good night . i think you've misunderstood what i meant by majority . thinking males and feeling females are the majority in the world population today and this is the underlying assumption of this thread that i ... remember we are talking about majority vs minority here . the facts are there are more thinking males and feeling females within the world population and we're trying to explain the reason why . i have ... you are correct in saying that , that's why there are still some thinking females and some feeling males . however , it is usually the need of families that would have the greatest impact on a ... mbti personality types in anime âx80x94 mbti in naruto i find myself agree with the results on this site a lot . you never fail to entertain mr . madman . i can so see this turn into a movie . divergent -> insurgent -> allegiant -> emergent i rather think social conditioning plays a bigger role than in-built biology . for a long time there wasn't any difference between the 2 . when society was simple , since women are biologically made to ... if we look at the structure of our brain where it is divided into portions by the bodily functions it governs , it is logical that while both sensors and intuitives utilise the portion that governs ... intps are weird and they don't bother to hide it . infjs are weirder but they hide it better . ps : i vote for intp though . i take being weird as a compliment . this made my day . on the topic i personally haven't actively pursuited anyone yet in my life . i guess passive pursuit is what i use , try to impress them through intellect and make them court me ... on the planet earth , man had always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much - the wheel , new york , wars and so on - whilst all the dolphins had ever done ... as australian i feel compelled to correct you : koalas are not bears . they also happen to be intp - high intelligent but sleep more hours a day than being awake . they have low sex drive too apparently ... isn't life part of an energy transfer system ? looking badass with dark blue jeans and white cotton shirt with blue and red around the collar , finishing it off with brown vintage leather jacket with scarf . you're not real . generally speaking being an infj that relies on ti too much isn't healthy , as with any type that constantly relies on their 3rd and 4th function . it's really best to just be yourself , rely on the ... humans evolve awareness due to survival necessity . many conditions needs to be met before there is any chance a machine can becomes self-aware . 1 . it must be given an incredibly difficult to ... this is what i think . it is an advanced ability to collect , manager and analyse information evolved out of necessity driven by the most basic instinct of improving survivability . the force flows through both smart and stupid people . that's preposterous you delusional religious maniac . : laughing : well that's too bad . it seems you will need a higher power to help you out with your higher moral dilemmas , at least i gave it a shot . you're welcome . i hope that resolves your moral troubles on this topic . do nothing , the universe will adjust itself . or you can seduce yulia yourself . turn her attention away from the unworthy and then tell her the truth when she no longer cares . it started off as a way to bug another human being . what is for dinner tonight ? why ? because i'm hungry ! why ? because i'm human and human feels hungry . why ? because i was born ... ever since the invention of farming , it has always been smart people that innovates and drive technological advancement that improves quality of life . it's true along the way technologies has also ... i'm quite into physical touchy feelies , mental ones bugs me : kitteh : pffft it's you intjs make us intp looks like lazy mofos without any sense of personal hygiene . not saying it's not true , but it's more prominent when compared ... jokes aside , nothing wrong with ... i agree . inflation is a good word to describe it . it was so at the tip of my tongue . testing avatar and signature edit : working as intended . carry on folks . yup the definition of intelligence is debatable and so any study that doesn't address the variations surrounding this is superficial as shit . this is something i discover with the help of the perc ... lol yes i can so imagine that . i think so . funny how in reality there are so much more sensors than intuitives but here it's reversed . these statistics hardly has any meaning beyond the perc community . nts and nf are most active here and they have good respect for each other and hence explain the statistics . i think the article is ridiculous , exaggerating meaningless statistics for click , but i'm chiming in mostly just wanting to say i'm lactose intolerant and i like boobs and chiseled jaws . ever resort to manipulation someone , where encouragement fails , into doing something that's actually good for them , yet they are reluctant to pursuit themselves due to reasons such as self confidence ... don't really have favorites . i would ideally like to be more judging and less perceiving . and a little more extroverted than introverted . but these adjustments can be made over time . overall however ... i do think i'm superior at pushing logics in general , because that's what nts do , and naturally we come off as superior in a logical debate . i also think i'm vastly inferior in socialising with ... i stand corrected . to darkmatter and rainismycolour . to me what your dad did was abandonment which is what people do when they cannot solve a problem but not a solution itself . i'm very skeptical about people who ... i'm not sure about that . he is now years after but it doesn't sound like he was back then in the heat of the debate when it mattered . infjs have a tendency to always look for improvement be in in self or other people , so when they brand an emotion as negative , they see it as self improvement if they can somehow feel less of such ... '