' ouch . i believe college is the same as gymnasium here , and the only reason to go to college really is to gain access to university . college is otherwise just a nice-to-have thing . i went to ... thanks for info :) . here also sometimes training is at school , but it is not so common .. it's usually only when internships cannot be found . great to know :) , as said , then i think it gets ... makes me think of attachment theory .. where ... i believe there was one type , or kind , who would like strangers above caregivers .. tho , caregivers still needed . other than that ... dunno ... yeah .. it's hard for me to be upset tho .. maybe something happened .. and we didn't have a definitive set date .. yet , it just bothers me a lot ! , and really , it's not totally okay . you follow up on ... the thing about ugly ... and it's been said many times , is that it's kinda subjective . grrr ... girl from school i become quite good friends with had expressed in past that maybe we could go do something , that she would like to visit me , see my parents farm and the pigs and all ... 1 . i thought it was proven that more good looking people have a slight advantage ? . 2 . can't say any to that . 3 . wouldn't some perverts focus on those who may not look so great ? , maybe seem ... university can seem to get all the attention at times , maybe because it is universal and pretty much the same name and thing in every country . but there are also other options . here in denmark we ... sure , i can relate , and think others can too .. it can be like an forever thing of life i think .. instead of seeing it as meaningless i would perhaps try and put meaning and awareness into it ... sure it can affect ... some here seem to be very into their avatar .. i kind of stopped caring too much . edit : , it is a bit like first impressions .. oh , your cloth is very hippie and funky , you ... the only toilets so far which i almost deemed unusable was toilets at a big busy airport . i think it was in turkey . holy crap , it looked like everyone had been in a hurry ... took a lot of wiping ... jeeesus :D ... okay .. yes .. bad comparison then . the only time you try to do the unattended way is when your in nature . but the meat or skin can fold , or do something so that aim is totally off ... sometimes it doesn't matter :D ... aim center ... goes right ... hence fire hose video . toilet not designed for men sitting ? i can understand that women and others would want men to sit down on the toilet when taking a leak , because there always is the chance it can go anywhere . ... they say it is subjective right ? . can feel with and without others . but that it is worst if felt around others . i sometimes want to use terms from how we define wealth for also explaining ... did i read wrong ? . to me the person in question did not aim to do porn video which was to be shown all over the internet . but who knows , maybe it was herself who shared it .. or the guy who recorded ... i don't know why how good she is in bed becomes a topic , and why and how you can say / tell that . and why that influence how it will feel to tell . just tell or anonymous email as said . hilarious , yes , kinda :D , ... but also horrible . i would almost rather have had missed my train and sat 6 hours at the station or something , just to sit with someone else . it wasn't even his seat , ... interesting ! .. whatever they disliked i was going to use an example of someone i know who likes anime , but family disapproves . he was 13 when there was big party for him with family and such ... this is one of the most uncomfortable experiences i have had in a long time ! . i just been on a long trip in foreign country and on my way back home in a train i sat 4 hours besides an 60-80 ... nasty , of course ... in my kitchen there once was felt thing , anytime you drop just a little yogurt , your screwed , all stained in end . why on earth the previous owner thought that was smart , i ... it's just an expression of a dislike for them . the orange thing i heard a few times now . sometimes i would want a bit more meat on why they are disliked , and whats so wrong with them . something ... read that somewhere else . it's kinda counter intuitive sounding . okay yeah :) , all about resting pulse and such , how fast it returns to normal . sounds like your also not totally certain ... yesterday i was wondering why exactly we sweat .. i know some basics , you hear all the time , but looked up some videos . so mainly it has to do with the body regulating that vital body temperature , ... haha , de-cat the question . yeah , true .. hmm .. it's odd link i am trying to make here , which can be about much else . but it just came to mind . not totally how i meant , that far :) , not so much about psychopathy no , or prejudice and genocide . tho .. maybe some pre-judice is what i meant . but more how ... you know ... pink = girly .. small car ... makes me think about that it also could be about control then . a cat you can barely control , it can be very calm , and pet friendly , but still it's kinda it's own . i can get this . and i have a theory why it might like rubbing against you ! . let's say it gets in habbit of rubbing against you , and you also feed it within the same time frame , then it will link ... can have this thought too . if in a zone where odds are very high you will get killed , or , and bring others in danger by expressing your gay , i would absolutely keep my mouth shut and try and fit in ... i don't think all homophobes are or wish to be homosexual . could it not just be an unwillingness to feel for gay people ? . that it could be that they know no middle ground . that they are so guarded ... many people whom i know to dislike cats are not exactly the most feeling kind , or atleast has some trouble . i am not thinking about people who have a slight dislike who just doesn't want a cat to ... can anyone tell me the logic or psychology behind that . for example , i watched a program about a gay muslim guy coming to germany , he fled his home country because they were killing gay people . at ... not sure ... not the best at types . when i was at a school ( efterskole ) , i maybe wished a intj guy was my roommate , he was very technical , geeky , down to earth , introverted . instead the roommate ... melody maker maybe you looked like someone from television , youtube , family , their neighbour or something ? , since the mother kind of got it as well without telling them to stop or something . ... help me understand ... what actually happens when ... say ... i go into a bank and say i want physical money onto my personal account ? . so ... it gets registerede in the computer , and they put ... i think it's fine , it's hard to change something now that it is already out . i have watched all the films made at least 6 times each , so i am somewhat into the whole franchise . i just wish ... or ... 1 . i am bored 2 . get a life 3 . loser 4 . whatever ... .. and few other i maybe forgotten .. maybe partly things like meh and oh really . if directed to me , someone else or in general ... a good old song . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdlvPe959Ck https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OroSNJDGzZA&list=PLvipoY0RvbyBj_yMFAsYS3yMXfs9jxhOP&index=9 ... true , we don't always talk about everything :) , can be ok too . my thought was just .. let's say you were a lot older than sibling , you might in a way team up with parents , your the older more ... wisteria i also agree in that it can be bad to arm-chair diagnose , but it is not bad to think and question either , trying to seek answers . some people certainly has something going on . a ... i would say consider a pc .. i believe it is fact that non-apple products have newer and faster hardware for a cheaper price . that your mac lasted 5 years is nothing to shout hurray for either in ... 691562 this is from a guide book on startup companies , but i wonder if it could be thought of as something happening in romantic life too ... then id 100 % often be a when i am really eager , and ... this might just be me .. but when i am at a party or gathering i don't really sit with just one group , i like to get up and then just walk over to someone else to take a seat , and talk for a while , ... hiking trip in nortern sweden ordered :D . now just need order return trip ... i wonder how many days ... 108km walk , or 181km ... thanks , np :) . hehe maybe it can be seen as cute .. i always hated myself sooo much for being inhibited , like really cursing and crying same time , so horrible . promised myself never ever to be like ... thanks . tbh i think teens is where you often looks the worst , lol . anyway , this thread wasn't about looks , just thought it be fun with like a time-line . yes .. no .. yes .. no ... not sure always . as a kid i was curious - still am as a kid i was anxious often - still am as a kid i sometimes felt like i couldn't be part of group or other - still can ... ok :) . weather sounds like something here ... - 5c around coldest , or 10 - if extreme . in summer it's around 25c , 30 + if extreme . funny thing to remember or think about , new york is often seen as ... okay :) . i have heard about it a little , and noticed on map . what is roughly highest and lowest temperature you get in a year ? . is there a big middle class ? , a big elite ? , many poor ? . is ... yeah :P .. thought , is serious , and think there are more older timers like that , than we think of sometimes . '