' holy crap adro , congratulations bro ! wishing you the very best <3 i was crazy . slightly ( ok , totally ) hyperactive , bigger than life imagination ( which ended in telling some pretty epic lies , not proud of it but it was fun ) , kinda live wire-ish energy , was getting ... hes basically untypable . major personality disorders ( neurotic / schizophrenic and whatnot ) so yeah . you could say that when he's not obsessing or anything he's somehow of a major asshole with a ... if the doormat somehow had a special meaning i would keep it all my life . take it as you wish i don't know how you manage to always look lovely but please don't ever stop <3 you sure are concerned with what you're getting out of an individual that would need to 1 ) conform to your ideal in order to be valued 2 ) stroke your ego pretty hardcore an understanding , ... 1 ) the world's end 2 ) pulp fiction 3 ) aladdin - the emperor's new groove - hercules ( really close tie with lilo and stitch too ) 4 ) pitch black 5 ) children of men ___ 1 ) gladiator estp are kryptonite . if they're mature enough the connection happens immediately , in a very natural way .. alike souls talking in a different language , but at the core they mean the same . i just ... yes , aslong as said thinkers aren't xstj . any type with ti would be wonderful as far as understanding goes http://i.imgur.com/efrpg89.jpg there you go jesus christ the whole time i was thinking this is straight up alice in wonderland kind of wedding , amazing and then this post . :D the whole thing is so perfect nihm , congratulations <3 its completely normal that when you're in the grip , symptoms are physical ... infj shadow is estp , so you'll feel it big time . it's like a ni ti insanity coupled with some se extravaganza , not pretty everything about her is http://i.imgur.com/m2jDfeE.jpg engaged today with this intj . feeling all weird and stuff :D he's the same guy . don't hate the player because of the game . just hate the game . since the start he's doing exactly what people want out of him ... with a twist . folks gotta understand that estp are ... oh my god you re back nihm :D so happy for you ^ ^ ^ the mental anticipation alone is such a climax on its own . here i thought i was weird , but we re two now : chat 02 : yep and here i thought this would be about what makes infj high spiritually i love everything about her , but yeah her eyes are something else entirely . these ni doms ya know :D been a little busy :) http://i.imgur.com/aL9096X.jpg you re so marvelous ai <3 lol one day you'll get over it most draining : estj less draining : intp / istp / istj / intj sup brah been a while : estp ball of warmzies : infp snowbell cricket a diet . finding joy again , and then love hi , i would like to have my name changed for arnljot , please :) thanks in advance ! gonna give a comic book author in first place : garth ennis his main character is the darkest side of humanity and how it's not always such a bad thing if properly handled . he embodied this notion ... dreaming is enough infp vulnerability resentment would be my go to :p xstp aren't afraid of commitment . they're afraid of their feelings because they don't want to admit it to make a stand and being firm about it . to not let her toy with you after she decided to put your romance on the side . the purpose is to stay centered into what you decided as acceptable to cope ... pretty easy my friend ! a ) i am glad you are honest and telling me this . we shared something very valuable and i wanted you to know that . a . 2 ) my interests in you are deeper than a friendly ... are you in any way more relevant position than me ? you're making assumptions for the sake of being right , with a slight touch of obnoxiousness on top . now if you'd be so kind , go play somewhere ... he probably doesn't know how to conceal his fe ... it truly isn't about control but simply feeling relevant . you probably don't know how fe is working either . podcast - ep 106 - how types say i ... short term 12 did . out of profound happiness and rage . well interpreted stories not putting too much of a gusto toward dramatic effects ( violins and all ) always hit home :) you will meet one next year if you come back to paris ! i'm not a lady but i did meet quite a few in book stores , reading at calm places ( lakes , in front of the sea ) , coffees , things like that ... so you re doing something that she could totally report in order to justify your third degree burn ? not a single great man or woman made themselves alone i love to get and give help , because it remind me a greater truth : our specie is strong by being grateful and connected . lone wolves never ... http://i.imgur.com/yFZ47B9.png i kinda completely agree with the results i absolutely love that there's no impossible with him . it's all a mystery and you can deliver hell or high water very good movie , top notch acting and actual depiction of texas's state both material & immaterial the fountain pan's labyrinth black swan nightcrawler foxcatcher seven the master no country for old men good bye lenin adaptation beta quadra , socionics stuff ( where we both belong in ) . it basically say that betas dislike a lot when special snowflakes do what they can in order to be stand offish in a group athmosphere , i'm ... could this be more beta ? don't think so <3 completely validating this , unhealthy fi users are a major pain in the ass . then again , one have to remind that fi users as a whole are much more squishier ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PazqCDSF76U mbti : infj socionics : iei-ni enneagram : 7w8 sx / sp hogwart : ravenclaw patronus : beagle wand : cypress wood with a unicorn hair core , 13 ¾ and slightly springy flexibility ilvermony : ... libra sun , aries moon , pisces rising . got a pretty funky chart to say the least , and it kind of correlate in many ways become a listener | 7 cups thought this could appeal to the counselors ;) yeah i remember you having a knack for ti based humor :P they're awesome . i'm very fond of intj / intp since they're able to explain very simply things i need an input on in a certain way . they ... '