' nearly 28 . i feel old compared to most people here . do you know any ? yes ! one is one of my bestest friends ever ( though she's right on the cusp of intj ) . i've also had a couple of istj colleagues , past & present . do you get along with them ? ... you're such an attention whore ! first of all , i'm sorry you're dealing with this ! pregnancy is emotional enough on its own without having to deal with an unsupportive partner on top of it . i agree that he sounds much more intj ... i have problems with this too . not so much from my parents ( they're intp & infj ) , but from just about everyone else . i don't let it get to me so much these days , but it was much worse when i was ... haha , this is so true ! i don't get teary or emotional , i get irritable , cranky , mean , evil , etc . : blushed : i wouldn't put my mbti on a resume simply because it's not a standard thing to do . like it or not , the general rule of thumb with resumes is to keep them conservative and stick to the norms . if you ... i love freaks & geeks ! it's been a few years since i watched it , but here goes anyway : lindsay : intj kim : estp daniel : isfp nick : isfp ken : entp carrie - xnfp . i'm leaning towards enfp , but she has some strong introverted tendencies too : she seems to prefer the company of her close friends to a larger circle . she's also very independent and ... kinda hard to tell when someone has taken as many drugs as she has . estp or esfp , maybe ? i'm not sure i'm a tightwad . i think i'm quite good at not getting myself into debt , and i can be very thrifty when i need to be , but i'm also horrible at saving . if i have it , i'll spend it . i was going to ask how old she was too . 30 , huh . weird that she's still in denial at that age . i think that for most people , around 30 is the time when you start feeling a lot more comfortable & ... i get along with most ns , except maybe entjs . i find them a bit ... i don't know the word ... overbearing ? i don't really know any intps in real life . my closest friends & boyfriend are intjs . i also ... i'm horrible at maths . it's a shame because i can see that it's interesting , i just lack the talent to understand any of it . i absolutely fascinated by all things scientific ! i never did well in ... no , women are getting upset because you're being a sexist ass , and revealing your own stupidity in the process . : wink : agreed . i find drinking alone completely pointless . is it true that intps turn into entps after a few drinks ? i think i do . i also turn into a bit of a troublemaker . my mischievous side comes out and i find myself dropping conversational bombs and ... very true - i don't think it's always a case of ego , but peoples perceptions of themselves can be quite different from how they actually are . regarding the extrrovert thing , when i think about ... i'm a bit of both . i'm very diplomatic when it comes to general day to day stuff . i try to be tactful and often end up being the peacemaker among friends & colleagues . however , when it comes to ... i just made my bestest friends take the test and ... estj - sworn natural enemy of the intp . : laughing : it's a bit misleading though - she's only a slightly expressed e & t , and on the absolute ... i think what you're describing here is actually a pretty typical introverted trait . the difference between us & the extroverts is that we may feel energised by spending time with certain people , ... yep , the top paragraph is pretty much me too . i was kidding about being more melodramatic . i mean , it'd probably work , but it's not something i would actually do . hi all . i don't post much in here because i think i lean slightly more towards being intp than infp . that said , i have something which i suspect is more of an infp issue . if someone i care about ... i suck at this so badly . even with friends , if there's more than , say , 4 people , i cannot for the life of me seem to break into the conversation . i always feel so awkward , people talk over me , and ... god effing damn it , the stupid test times out when i try to submit my results . eta : finally got it to work . i'm neutral good . 100 % good . 25.6 % chaotic . whatever that means . i don't troll , but i did a little bit when i was a silly teenager . my friend is kind of a real life troll . she's not the internet type , but she's always winding people up for her own amusement . i ... i have a special place in my heart for infjs . both my mother and one of my close friends are confirmed infjs . my infj friend intrigues me . he can surprise me with his incredible thoughtfulness ... nevermind . :P we'll blather when nervous , but we're not loud or attention-seeking . personally i'd rather eat my own hands than be the centre of attention . if i come to realise that i'm wrong about something , i'm usually quick to admit it . my boyfriend is intj and he never admits he's wrong , even when he totally knows he is . i wonder whether this is ... i can't stand noisy idiots who talk a lot and want to be the centre of attention , yet never say anything interesting . i thought the same thing as coldkick . the visitor doesn't specify who he was talking about , so they still don't know and therefore don't have to leave . good point about the monks being ... i wouldn't describe myself cold-hearted . i have a lot of empathy , perhaps even more than the average person . that said , i'm polite and diplomatic , but not warm . i'm pretty detached . i'll be ... i couldn't do it because i suck at staying in touch with people . ask my best friend - i haven't emailed her in nearly a year ! aside from that , a relationship with some distance sounds pretty good ... a + if the cats had been wearing wolf shirts my head may have exploded from the awesomeness . i enjoy a lot of really dumb , trashy tv . i think i need it to switch my brain off . i can be quite vain at times . i'm very good at hands-on things - cooking , drawing , knitting , etc . anything ... i've never felt like i'm good at choosing gifts . i always want to give something meaningful , but usually have no clue what to get . i often end up buying several things in the hope that the recipient ... hehe , that's pretty much how i picture most forum members . one more thing : i'm extremely suspicious of anyone who sincerely claims to be a genius on teh internets . i mean , really . : tongue : i'm intelligent , but no genius . i'm above average in most areas and brilliant at a handful of things . i'm smarter than most people i meet , and it takes patience to deal with them . i realise that ... female late bloomer here . : tongue : edit : late bloomer with sex & relationships , not with social skills . n , with i a close second . i know one confirmed esfj . we're sort of friends out of circumstance , though obviously we have pretty opposite personalities . i think she's nuts . we're both foreigners in the country we ... interesting topic . i'm bisexual , not asexual , but i do have some issues with both physical and emotional intimacy . not the same thing as being a true asexual , i know . i'm totally the same way . i'm the first child . i have one younger brother . i've worked in several different workplaces , and i always end up being the neutral person who gets along fine with everyone . i'm diplomatic , avoid conflicts , and always try to maintain civil ... i adore stephen fry , but i think he's more of an f . as for e / i ... not sure . tom cruise ? seriously ? ? '