' at least , i think i'm a 1-5- 4 . i'm sure on the one part , and the others make sense , but i've definitely poked around less about enneagram ... abraxas 5-3- 9 action potential 5-1- 4 bethdeth 9-5- 3 ... if i'm someone to judge by , being a one intj makes us a little ... odd even by intj standards . i don't seem to have the utter confidence we're known for , at least not in all areas of my life . ( i ... i knew going into my marriage that there are no perfect people . leaving my marriage made me doubt the existance even of a perfect for me person . except that i feel like the man i am with now is ... i find it pretty heartwarming , too . ;) the toronto trip fell through , but we're going down to louisville this weekend to visit a museum that has the only branch of the royal armories outside of the ... female intj here who is dating a male infj , and everything is going very , very well . i don't know about all of his ex-girlfriends , but the most recent one was an esfj . i suppose they got on well ... true . it was a new low - she got in about 9:30 saturday morning and made it to sunday around noon . we've ... talked on the phone and more or less brought things back to status quo , but thanksgiving ... this past weekend , my mother visited . i had been slowly cleaning parts of my house for a few weeks in preparation ; she made me feel like i was living in a rancid cesspool the moment she walked ... i don't know if i would call it a defining moment , but my divorce earlier this year was certainly a moment that altered some perceptions . love is , in fact , not all you need . that was an important ... i'm not sure if i've dated an intj or not ; i think one of my college boyfriends was , but we were professionally tested while we were there and i keep thinking that he came up as something else . hrm . ... my infj guy is 5 ' 9 , which i think goes wonderfully well with my 5 ' 2 self . :) oh . :) things are going very , very well , or i would never even theorize . thanks . your advice for figuring out if my infj man might propose would be to ask him ? - looks skeptical - that sounds , well , very much like asking him , instead . on the update side of things : i believe ... trying to define what love is , that is a difficult thing . and to answer this question , the alternative would be , i suppose i don't know what it is , but i know it when i see it . i'm an intj who ... also recommend using a word other than girls unless you're a teenager . i also recommend just looking for someone you like and not worrying about finding a particular mbti . job : computer ... oddly , i can be both . i wake up very quickly , and i do enjoy the morning crispness , bird song , etc . on the other hand , i have no problem staying up on the computer , or at a gaming convention , or ... according to your questionnaire responses , your attachment-related anxiety score is 2.60 , on a scale ranging from 1 ( low anxiety ) to 7 ( high anxiety ) . your attachment-related avoidance score is 1.30 , ... re : sarcasm and jokes , someone once pointed out to me that intjs don't make jokes , we make points with jokes as wrapping paper . ( i had commented that my husband going to law school was getting his ... mr ex-malegamer : if you are moving on , that means you did not need to text message me about what would have been our anniversary today . sincerely , femalegamer the intj my ex-husband is an entp . i cannot claim that his traits can be extrapolated to all entps , but i will happily expound on what bothered me about him that _seem_ to be common . the number one thing ... my infj guy and my intj self seem to work very well together . many times i think the observation is true about female intjs being more expressive and male infjs being more thinking oriented than the ... hate making the decision between feeling miserable with a cold and wrapping my brain in cotton via cold medicine . hate more that this is happening right before i'm supposed to leave for gencon . i said this in another thread , and then we went on to talk about the idea that love = making the person an extension of yourself in your mind , such that they don't count as another person for ... unfortunately , just the idea of not being able to communicate through text is enough to throw me a bit off . :( i know with intjs , saying what you mean directly is generally the best idea , though , ... firstly : grr . my work has a login for certain sites , and it expired and ate my post , so i must rewrite it . blast . the europe trip is definitely in a weird middle ground . :) we're planning a ... so ... trying to decide whether to plan a trip to the uk or italy might be significant ? or that we keep not managing to put together a dinner where i'd be his parents ? :) unfortunately , the money ... because having a centralized thread seems like a great idea , i feel like i need to come up with a question to help encourage it . :) while i don't expect such a thing to happen yet , what would you ... my infj guy was first my friend , and then a close friend and then the closest of friends , someone that i felt could tell everything . he was there for me as my marriage fell apart , learning things ... romance to me is where you remember all of the little things - whether that's remembering their favorite flavor of blizzard when you grab ice cream on the way home for a surprise , or buying the movie ... i want to spend as much time with him as i can . to me , dating is how you are vetting someone for the position of spouse , and spouses don't really get days off . i enjoy talking to him and generally ... and the rumors have begun again , about lay offs . yes , faceless corporation , let us lay people off , hire fewer people that will be paid less to replace them , and then have another round of lay ... the first person i really kissed was my first boyfriend ( an intp , i believe , for those tracking that ) , so that would be in college , when i was eighteen . i'm not going to count games of spin the ... i'm a computer programmer . i was married to an entp who got an mba that included some entrepreneurship classes . he ran a small business into the ground . i definitely think that if he had ... so , i've been thinking about some of the ( occasionally tongue in cheek ) conclusions we've reached here , and it really made me think about my current relationship , the one that has become very close , ... i've used the missing piece analogy , but i think that on reflection i like the extension one better - that we overlap , and then have our own individualness hanging out the edges . reinforce and ... this . maybe because spending time with that person , you're spending time with an extension of yourself ? but yes , the evenings that my boyfriend comes over , he , well , he tucks me in , and we cling to ... the male infj in my life is currently a group home trainer . he has been a bookstore manager and an infantryman in the army . i suppose i'll try to do the impossible : define love , or at least what i think love is . it's the desire to share more and more of yourself and your life with someone every day you are together . a ... on one of the threads linked , i had commented back in november that i had been married for more than ten years , so we must have something right . i'm divorced now . anyway ... i'm more confirming ... my mom is very likely some flavor of sfj , though i think she's i , while when i asked her some standard questions , she claimed to be energized around crowds , etc . she's almost ocd about cleaning and ... rose-hulman institute of technology . it's a private engineering / science / math college that only offers bachelors and masters . my degree was in computer science . i was in the first class that ... i am apparently very forgetful . i totally forgot that one of my convention gaming friends is another woman intj , proudly so . she just became director of the campaign at origins . the last time i ... i'm not sure if i've met any other intj women - it seems likely that i did in college , since i went to an all engineering / math / science university , but i admit that the female population was pretty ... until just a few months ago , i was married to an entp . he's plagued by oo , shiny syndrome . he's been a programmer , wanted to be a manager , owned his own business , taught and is now in law ... fortunately , all i need is one , and i believe that i've got him now . :) as mentioned by others , i want to have someone that i can trust completely , and who trusts me the same way . i want someone to hold me when i cry and celebrate with me when i triumph . i want someone ... again , my apologies for skipping you . i hope that you find this insightful . covering card x96 the hermit crossing card x96 four of cups base of the matter x96 knight of wands past x96 two of wands ... while describing how erratic your information access is , you try to figure out how you would go about reprogramming your brain for greater efficiency in remembering things . that's one reason i like to read on the internet - not having the person in front of me lessens the chances of inadvertent cold reading . i realized as i posted lirulin's that i accidentally scrolled past you . i will get your reading next , and will try to get it done today . covering card – six of wands crossing card – nine of swords base of the matter – nine of wands past – page of wands future – page of pentacles present – six of cups you – six of pentacles ... '