' luemb , i know that , and i appreciate the information . according to what i read , it's less but who knows . i am not implying you do not have a life but since there are very few intjs , i figure this ... working , in a pharmaceutical , medical , scientist research lab , university professor , cave ( home ) , computer games . geeks , dating sites but you have to know what to look for . anything that is ... gibbs @ everyone has their likes . i find awkward and clumsy cute . guys who are interested in me do things like that , another wasn't watching where he was going and hit a telephone pole . lol . it's ... trippedonreality , yes , dear ok , sure of course ! <chuckles> thanks , janie : cool : i think he like you . why would he tell you personal stuff and spend time with you . i think he's thinking about different things maybe it's your turn to show interest . don't wait on a man to call you ... oh good grief , if you don't like them don't worry about it . we are not going to change either . when you are young in age you have this kind of attitude , i will do what i please . of course it isn't ... make him dinner with the child . i am sure he will enjoy a home cook meal . for the child something they like , something to make them feel special . my uncle did this with me ( 6-8 ) when he started ... let me ask what does this fabulous creature get in return ? is the perfect female only acceptable ? yes , it is so true . your story is so lovely . : happy : i like them all , but if i chose one i would say sex . then service , then more sex . lol i don't like it either but we do have to be reasonable . people have lives . i suggest asking when they may possibly call , telling them to call as soon as possible because i have something i need to ... i did , first sight . i talked to him for about year but off and on . when i first saw him he was on a dating website . i instantly liked him , but we couldn't meet until a year later . when i first saw ... ( enfj ) yes , i feel this way but for different reasons . you are unique and special no matter what . we are all hard on ourselves . you do the best you can and remember you are human with imperfections ... you can have more than one , i do . if you only could choose one , then this is the primary one . otherwise , it will be easier for someone to make you happy . at least this is what i think . i agree , to a certain point , i still use logic , and experience . my thought process alerts by feelings and reminds me of facts i have pondered before if it's important .. i think about what i need in ... that's so cute , i like it . thank you ! superbly done . <sigh> ooh la la , i feel the same . come my sweet man and cry as i hold and caress your head and mane . i am a dominant woman and was a tomboy when i was a child . i use to think why i wasn't more ... i agree with you but you are wrong . obviously you understand , that's the point . if you use a language with someone and they do not understand your word it is useless . real intelligence is when you ... here's an idea moron , kiss my ass . i love feminine type guys , gay or not . either as a boyfriend or a best friend . really ? i share my stuff as long you take care of it . : tongue : you could say i love you guys , wear a t-shirt that states if i don't show emotions it's because i forgot them at home , use words , your awesome , beautiful , cool , you're no . # 1 , you're special , ... thank you so much . it means alot to me for you to share your experience . : happy : . x i understand your concern , but i didn't choose an intj because he is one . i chose him for who he is . : happy : small talk is exactly that an opportunity to engage in conversation . you don't start a complicated subject because you are trying to figure out the person to see if they want to talk , or not . some ... anyone has any constructive advice ? i can't be too specific , because we are all different but if it comes down to male and female , it's right . i have no need to be sexist . i love men , just not the idiots . sometimes things don't need ... i think it comes down to manners . i thought not paying attention was a woman's complaint of a man . i heard that women are conditioned or innate to face each other while the men do things and not ... kristindork , i am very sensitive , i hate it when i am discussing important things , but i like that i can put myself in another's shoes so i can help them out . people in general don't care or ... it is not fact if you don't have evidence to confirm it . it is a good explanation , but since i don't believe in all parts of evolution like some , i do think there's not enough evidence . it is not a ... the · o · ry ˈthēərēˈthi ( ə ) rē noun noun : theory ; u2003plural noun : theories 1 . a supposition or a system of ideas intended to explain something , esp . one based on general principles independent of ... i disagree , woman develop sexual experience because they are horny . today's men , in most cases , are not attracted to wide hips , but thin anorexic type body and finally the silicone breast are ... hahahaha , i am not pressuring him . well , at first i did , i blew up at him for leaving me all bewildered after our romantic encounter . he did manage to tell me he liked and cared about me . he does ... yes , of course , i understand . if he didn't want anything to do with me it would be logical for a him not to respond . the fact that he does confuses me . he was so tender and loving with me and ... i know he had a relationship before me and it's been about going eight months since the breakup . so i don't know . he's 59 years old , but he doesn't act it . he wants a relationship because i ask him ... i don't play any stupid games , i think it's immature . he doesn't tell me anything but he didn't tell me about anyways . we talked about what is present . we have known each other for about a year off ... he doesn't respond . how hard is it to tell me yes or no . he is a intj , because i asked him . yes , i have but he doesn't answer ? twice . he answers other questions for the most part . he's a nice guy , we have talk before . if he justed wanted continue our friendship i would he would say so ... question : why does a intj man pull away ? as friends we talked well but once we consummated it . he text me when i text him and he answers my questions but it's like he doesn't respond to hugs and ... what do you mean detachment ? please give examples . ty i think if you have a list of qualities for a potential mate that's good but you have to consider other variables too . we humans are not perfect and i know this doesn't matter to some intj's , but ... no , not all manipulation is wrong . for example , it can be used by a nurse , and she needs to get their patient out of the building but they won't go . theres a fire , patient is frantic . i think , ... i actually sent them a email today asking him about this . could this be a sign he is busy ? maybe he is stressing and just needs time . i wonder if anyone else has had trouble with this . i meet this guy , and we are friends before we meet . since then he seems distant . he doesn't ask me questions but answers my questions except the emotional / feeling type questions . there's something ... '