' so i was in montreal for almost a month and now i'm in vancouver . i'm so sick cities . i can't make any sense . i feel like there are multiple entities inside of me and they just randomly take ... so i seen this muscian play live that i really like . and i was kind of suprised but i think she was checking me out . in fact it kind of hurt my feelings . : frustrating : i really emotional ... i feel really aggressive alot and i don't really know why . i mean , not really in a violent way or anything , but i always feel like i have all this bottled up intensity inside of me and it really ... i think i'm really disturbed . i mean , on some kind of fundamental level to the core of my being i'm just really disturbed . i feel like i'm a ghost looking inward and through my self and all i can ... i've known a fair amount of people who could be considered hippies i guess . or like , granola hippies . they more or less had dreadlocks , only consumed or purchased things that were natural and lived ... i read that many adolescents and young adults mystype as four's because they're going through a large amount of transition and are unsure about their idenities so they tend to relate to the four ... floor ? i have a walk in floor closet . what i mean to say is i have a pile you you can kind of walk into ; or perhaps i mean on . because it's so massive . so it's kind of like you're entering into it ... i worked at a bar once as a bus boy and i was absolutely horrible at it . for the entirety of the every shift i had to run alcohol back and forth whilst cleaning up messes and attending to drunken ... oddly enough no . i never really did . i for some odd reason have always felt compelled to follow my own way and assert my own individuality and indepedence at whatever oppertunity that presented ... social awkwardness ? actually , most of my roomates thus far have been like this . i'm not really sure why ... it's starting to get really agrivating . i got so sick of it i've been staying in like , hotels and stuff . weird , i've always felt more like the hunch back of notre dame then any kind of prince charming . the idea of being such a thing makes me oddly uncomfortable . i believe one of the main causes of this is anxiety . i've found that meditating and being out in nature to be quite helpful though i still struggle with this quite regularly ... maybe he's just crazy : confused : i say this because i've know people in real life who kind of talk like that , and they were kind of crazy themselves ... on second thought though , his writing ... i don't get why they incapacitated him twice in the film . it seemed really redundant :/ like they had to go all the way back and explore the first plot point of the film . only to do it again at ... lol i dont know let me go look lol wrrrnnnggg tie fighters lol lol i wonder what the draw is ? ctrl + q to enable / disable fbphotozoom to be fair i think batman is particularly hard to type because he has spent many years training himself to the peak of human physical and mental prowess . not only that but he has had the financial ... 43247 ermh , problems posting the image . wuteveas i just dun give a crunk pilfs that's what i'm talkin ' bout . i only eat with the finest most gigantic spoons ; and only spoons for i abhor all other cutlery . i wish i was born a mutant transforming camel that so i could rightfully bring salvation to the ... i literaly can't stop . i'm not sure why . i think i somehow feel that a static identity is something i want to somehow avoid . i don't own a vehicle . seems to work ... ooops edit : http://i1166.photobucket.com/albums/q606/cosmicdysphoria/2012-06-07_205909.jpg kind of how i feel in regards to modern day capitalism i suppose its a dog eat dog world the hand is made of of ... it's true . oh geesh , i feel awkward now , like i shouldn't have tried to participate in this convo . gonna go now ; bye ! i ... oh my go - - * tripsdownstairs * http://i1166.photobucket.com/albums/q606/cosmicdysphoria/2012-06-20_233445.jpg i call him frankenboy ... those are screws in his neck . also that's actually an alien and not really a chicken . he ... so , another place gone , need to move again . i'm so sick of having to constantly move . oddly enough though every place i look at that could be possibly long term requires a yearly lease . and screw ... i have too many interests and im passionate about way too many things and even though completely unrealistic im trying to do all of them and its just not possible and the stress im creating for ... i hate everything lol . i'm sick of the person i am and the person i've become . i need to fix my longboard because the fraeking wheel fell off and the bearings are all effed up yargh . also my ... i always forget to check my notebooks :/ or i lose then , then buy more , and then find the old ones , and get them confused ... : hopeless : i don't know where i am i feel like a doctor suess character . think i might go somewhere naturey today . lately i've just been walking around aimlessly alot . i should act more grown up but i'm ... welcome back to reality ; you've been in statis for 500 years : shocked : all your dreams , hopes , desires , and even your opinions are completely delusional and ridiculous not to mention ... edit . this post sucked . monkey balls . yes . monkey balls . that's funny because i always thought that sarcasm did . the last couple of days while i was letting my friend stay over . he's kind of a jerk , so ... for most of the time he felt somehow that it was okay to completely critisize me unrelentingly about ... hahaha , what a weird song . i like it . edit : too whiney . i'm a very angry somewhat self destructive person . i kind of bothers me . i have this split between being a very cold aloof somewhat harsh exterior to being warm and kind of bubbly . it's weird and ... zomg i really need to stop drinking so much coffee . my cat is in heat and it's not even my cat . i detest listening to it's blood curdling cock screams . it makes me feel on edge . the other ... soy sauce covered in dreams . i feel really angry right now with how much of my life has been shaped and negatively affected by what's happened to me in my past and the unavoidable ramifications that i had to endure for others ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ig1eBQ4Tzjg do you watch all your movies with subtitles as well ? lol , or at least i do . well , when i can that is . lately though i've been pirating all my movies . why you may ask ? well ... it's becuase am ... wow , i'm really similair to this . here i always thought it was one of my many freakish habits , lol . even though i'm not an intp i really relate to the orignal post as well . except for poetry at times ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6aF7u-oe40 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e15jffGyjXs http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uAP0w51Yjig http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bT8RTTP2fhA&feature=relmfu http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MKfDwChOoHI edit : lame post . '