' intp because you're paranoid and logical and have a beard entj because i'm not really bothered to think of a reason . yea yea i get ya . depending on a lot of things but let's say for example age you might decide to be more honest when testing yourself and / or have grown up to know yourself better . i think a lot of things change people . time , success , age , experiences and environment all change people ( we hope ) for the best . 1 . at best : happy , optimistic , hopeful , determined , easily excited , positive , successful mindset , open-minded , enthusiastic 2 . at worst : addictions , egotistical , superficial , self-ego , ... ok then . growing up and all the responsibilities changes people . agree with that but what i'm interested in is how did you come to learn ? when you get slightly ticked off that the introverts have 90 + pages . well no that's no really extroverted haha . 1 does it make sense to consider esfj the worst mtbi's type ? u200bno , all types are different but equal . like human beings . 2 did you have just bad experiences with people of this type ? ( free to ... a lot of people when starting out think it's better to be so and so type so that they can say oh look i have an awesome type ! but really later on they find out that no type is better than another ... i sound like both . why does everyone live in antartica ? ah wait ... penguins . i suppose this would only apply to straight people ? because since i'm only interested in the same sex , having friends that are the opposite totally is just the same as same-sex friends . if anything ... all very good points guys . so perhaps in circumstances that are life-changing and so quick that the mind has to readjust someone may temporarily change type but then switch back to their true type ? ... do you think mbti changes with age ? discussion time ! intelligence isn't iq . intelligence is emotional intelligence , moral intelligence and body intelligence . effectively , everyone's a genius haha . you would think it's easy to tell apart but actually esfp and enfp are really similar . i've been classified as both sensor and intuitive . when someone has developed their hidden side ( for example ... i see adventure and possibilities . the wheat field opens you up for new opportunities . it could also be someone running away from their heritage , finding freedom in the corn field ( whatever that ... bump you know you're a sensor when the worst present anyone could ever give you is a theory book . haha fun title to pull you in . what i'm really saying is that what would bernie taupin's type be ? elton seems either esfp or enfp but there's never been much has been said on the brown dirt cowboy . it's a bit strange because i have two sides so to speak . firstly , i can be very spontaneous , loving and i suppose inspiring . i can easily become excited and passionate about what i love and i love ... i'm an enfp and i'm extraordinary . do you ever shut up ? you have some crazy ideas awesome ! any derived word of dude it would seem hola to you too ! my espanol no es muchado bueno . ( does that actually make any sense haha ) bienvenido , fellow gryffindor . let us ride broomsticks and play quidditch ( with which i will ... thanks ! i win . i have posted here . you see the level of random in this thread has just risen 100 % thanks to me . and now , lions ... 66339 i'm a huge risk-taker myself and i love a thrill . i'm ne dominant , by the way . i am a candle haha . candle in the wind , reference anyone ? being lgbt i find it hard to understand your reasoning . the fact of getting energy from other people vs . getting energy from yourself isn't really a big quality that i look for in a girl . yea yea ... thanks ! i mean gee who is this robot after all ? no it does not for i have posted here ! watch out mortals . haha the seven drawings relate to me . bump ? unlikely , but possible . how likely is it for an enfp to get very easily distracted , in fact multiple times ? personal ~ * name - what do you preferred to be called ? awesome person . haha no auburn's fine . - any nicknames ? with the username auburn ? auby , auburn , aubs , aubby & auburn the awesome . a thread where you ask how likely it is a type / function would do something . example : how likely is it an istp would be lost for words ? etc ... begin ! how likely is it that an esfp would ... okay , so an eagle . you didn't specify what breed but doesn't matter . mostly solitary so i . use intuition in flight but also their senses . have to think to develop strategies and often don't always ... type 7 : bring it on no , no es bad . haha , i don't even know the word for bad . donde es en mi elephante . haha ramble all you will . as long as it is awesome . pero has visto mi sombrero .. : o si , yo has visto ! ah i see ! well were we houseflies we may have been squished by an unfortunate flyswatter tragedy . valiant though it would be . ah my journey is not over : it's only just begun . hullo ! ah the famous d & d . haha i highly doubt i am more of an old timer , but thank you none the less , young hobbit . i was brought to this site because i was searching for something for personality ... scuai ( 3.4 % of women ; 4.8 % of men ) life of the party , not bothered by disorder , not afraid of doing the wrong thing , often late , level emotions , not afraid to draw attention to self , worry free , ... i've recently seen a thread that showed a picture with animals typed and such , but i need to know for an analysis what type a rock hyrax would be ? ( in general , since no two hyraxes / animals / etc are ... 7 is exactly me . useful information ... mwahaha . and thank you all for the kind welcomes guys . well i think i can give it a shot at this ... e vs i : first you have to know that an extrovert may not be the ' typical ' extrovert type , party-loving , full of energy , very excitable ( i myself am ... '