' . nipidol i'm sorry , i haven't been on in a while . honestly what you say correlates with me . my finals are literally next week and i've been planning to study hard since 3 months ago ... now i'm saying ... oh crap , i'm the same . i've got so much stuff to get on with , first of all studies . but it's gotten to the point where my room is a devastating mess also , and i keep saying i'll do this as soon as i ... no clue what a semester is but i know it's something american . is it a long time to go ? woah this was incredibly accurate ... apart from the we parts , i'm a loner . i went from intj > infj > isfp > enfj > and then got infj twice more . i know mbti shouldn't matter so much but it annoyed me not knowing where i belonged . i was thinking well fuck , i don't know my ... well , um , i love breakfast but i don't usually eat it . my mind is usually preoccupied with doing something else e . g . watching , thinking or being late for something . i tend to skip lunch also , just ... woah ! well good luck with that . did masturbating stop you from being top of the class ? haha , really ? it's interesting how the internet provides a completely contrasting profile of people in real life . fair enough . grey , my last name . it's pretty boring and sounds like the draft names websites use like john smith , i know honestly , you've described exactly how i felt . oh okay , i wouldn't even suggest that it has much to do with different generations . i just personally think that if i open up about myself , more people will open up to me . and i like hearing stories ... definitely trying this now ... awww haha ! i see , do you wish you did it more often ? oh okay , fair enough i suppose . that's really fascinating . i never really understood the concept behind demisexualism , but i guess that makes a little bit more sense . also , in that case , it really isn't that difficult for you not ... well then , now i can truly understand your reasoning for being only very slightly radical about masturbating less . i guess when you come out of something bad , although the effects will haunt you for ... yes exactly ! i want to be able to say look , i don't hate you but i'm exhausted at the moment and i can't hang around you for a little while without others getting all hurt about it and then leaving ... wow that's interesting ! i feel as though i should start reading more non-fictions but i just can't find one that i'm interested in . do you have any suggestions ? oh gosh yess ! i forgot about that little book , yes . it was rather good . however , it reminded me too much of the catcher in the rye which is also very good . hahaha , have you ever felt a phrase come to you ? or have you ever just pretended and said something ? during that one speaking in tongues ceremony i was talking about , after i'd gotten over my ... why are you kind ? is it a value ? i think it almost is a value though , i don't think of it like that because being kind is the way i act naturally . i enjoy giving pleasure to other people . how ... they trust in you . infjs find it difficult to just express how we're feeling to people we feel we can't trust . so until we find someone , whatever feelings that we've collected get balled up inside of ... it affects me quite a lot . it only hit me when my counsellor told me to be my true self and i couldn't quite find that , i could only picture myself and my behaviour as things that i've picked up ... oh okay , i just assumed that all evangelical churches spoke in tongues at some point . i don't think its that i don't respect others ' religion but it's when it comes to things i really don't get the ... hm well are you a busy person ? or often tired ? hm okay . well i lost my hymen doing gymnastics so i really had nothing to lose ( literally ) hence why i was so chill with masturbation from a young age . so what do you do when you're feeling horny ? meh i get where you're coming from now . but whether it's fully worth it , personally i don't think so . don't jizz seven times a week if you must but once a month is pushing it . i honestly thought ... sounds pretty hardcore . i hope it actually works out for you . and also fine , you might be virile when you're 70 , but unless you have a lot of money at 70 , i doubt any young women would come ... thank you very much ! which genre of books do you prefer ? oh wow okay , i've only been to an evangelical church once . during the ceremony when everyone started speaking in tongues , i had to walk because i couldn't stop laughing . i was the same but my ... i think it's cute that you're shy about it . in real life , i don't talk much at all , but on here it's different for me , since i dont actually have to confront people , so i'm comfortably open about ... finallyyy ! ! i've brought this topic up with so many people who have simply dismissed my fear of pinocchio . my mother used to play the audiobook of pinocchio every night whilst i was in bed to try and ... haha , i'm glad you found it amusing . i read your reply to someone else , that you are catholic ( i think ? ) but i can sort of relate , because although - personally - the church of england denomination ... woop ! 2 masturbation sensei votes haha . firstly , basil brush scared the fuck out of me when i was younger and still does . and secondly , the disney porn i happened to watch was pocahontas . why are you doing this to me ? ! :') woah woah woah , i just read this again and i only just got it ! ! hahaha , anyway , everyday is pretty decent i guess , but sometimes don't you get a bit bored ? you just lie down and say to yourself ... i actually googled it and i'm traumatised . at least i know for sure that i'm done for the evening , so thanks . wow , is that like a moral thing ... ? or you just .. no , i don't really know why you wouldn't ever want to even just try it . book whore and if men talk about masturbation freely , i felt that i should be able to as well . and i stand by it . at the end of the day , your opinion is your own , and although i'm slightly ... i don't know , im just naturally quite curious so as soon as i somehow found porn online when i was 12 , that just got me started and i have no regrets . however , i can understand where you're coming ... fair enough , but usually people know a ' round-about ' figure . i was half heartedly fingering myself and then i saw this video and got completely turned off ... hehe , i just wanted to attract as many people as possible and what's more interesting than masturbation ! also , i'm no psychologist , therefore i wouldn't have been able to have much of an input as ... woah , then all i have to say to you is that you're missing out . haha alright then . i guess as long as you're happy , that's all that matters depends on how old you are , i guess gosh that must be difficult . i've heard of it before and no it doesn't really sound that pleasant , you've made me want to double my masturbation by about 3 times ... to show my gratitude . i know ... heyyy ! i'm pretty much new as well . you must must must watch kotoura-san if you're on your period . and you must've watched the general anime starter pack e . g . tokyo ghoul , black butler , death note , ... i know what you mean . i've had the same issues with dating and just having friends in general . i find that people only do that though ( act all fake ) because they're desperate for you to like them . so ... '