' https://fbcdn-sphotos-b-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-xap1/t31.0-8/q81/s960x960/10483829_768629369856585_7443237417565829259_o.jpg chiara bautista ... it would take off several layers of skin , yah , but you'd have fun doing it :) impressive resourceful ingenuity ... http://img593.imageshack.us/img593/7736/80518171.jpg me : why would i want to have sex in the woods ? i'll get mud in my bumcrack . him : ever the romantic , huh ? yahweh commanding moses to lead the israelites into battle against their enemy : numbers 31:17- 18 , now therefore kill every male among the little ones , and kill every woman that hath known man by ... more questions ! more ! ! ! 1 ) what is the grossest thing you have ever eaten i usually eat my boogers . i guess that's pretty gross . 2 ) who / what always elicits a laugh from you ? someone ... i think i'd like someone to live with who would just leave me the fuck alone , you know ? like , cook dinner together but go off into our seperate rooms to eat it , or do the gardening together but at ... i so relate . i've long given up on trying to maintain friendships since i know that it's in no one's interest to have me lying and making excuses to not come out and do things . not really even ... there is no problem that deep and considered thought can't worsen . i think we're a bit too open-minded and generally lacking in moral fibre to be effective parents , and even when we're certain of our beliefs and values it's not as though we expect anyone to defer to ... how do enfps generally go about getting sex when they need it ? will they really sleep with anyone ? are they really the most sexually affectionate type ? do enfps feel that sex is a spiritual encounter ... some sketches by irina vinnik i love her black and white work : it best shows her flow and the work's near biomech flavour . great stuff .  ... this what i tell my slave when i beat her : peter 2 18slaves , submit yourselves to your masters with all respect , not only to those who are good and considerate , but also to those who are harsh . ... can an unwise person know about wisdom ? so , i've been thinking about careers lately and what i'd like to do with my life . turns out that you have to be real smart to get into astrophysics , you need to be somewhat sober to drive a train , ... intj . awful combo of stuck-up yet incredibly butthurt . like the shittiest , sourest infp but with none of the cuteness or interpersonal understanding . i'm not keen on any fi in introverts , especially ... when i rule the world , i'm going to ship all the fi users to antarctica so that the rest of us can have some bloody peace . how do you cook porridge in one pot , on one ring , on one stove , then dole it out into three separate bowls , and it goes to three different temperatures ? how does that happen ? somebody please ... he'll get drunk and start an argument over nothing , usually about how he thinks i don't like him . he wont listen to reason and will either shout or sulk . i'll argue back and tell him that he'll ... stoned intp 72993 rolling intp 72992 drunk intp 72994 note the death stare and lack of company . this is the best thread on perc i watch 2girls1cup for pleasure . i just had to tell somebody . : blushed : i have a gorgeous world in my head and absolutely no one to share it with :( argh why isn't my boyfriend this lovely ? eee you're adorable mike :D it's anxiety . i'd normally recommend beer but that wouldn't be any good for your diet : tongue : or your religion . i love her already . : kitteh : enjoy yourself :D if the op is to be believed that this is a one-in-a-million type of woman , and this thing ends up failing anyway , he'll undoubtedly regret playing tactically . he'll forever wonder what it could have ... you can go and fuck yourself too if you like . course not . but putting a number like 1/3 on false accusations is just plain ridiculous . but he's not properly filtering the advice . the advice on the poem , the calling , the email , basically all the consensus negative reactions he's ended up taking on board . and why wouldn't he ? he ... http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/400x/24289084.jpg very simply , relationships , like friendship , shouldn't involve fakery and playing it cool . or any kind of code , or skill set , seduction tips , whatever . whether it works , whether it appeals to any ... i think what's probably happened , op , is that she's sensed both your naivete and your depth of feeling for her , and she's backed off with the intention of giving you the space to get back some ... i think she was just using the porn as an excuse to get away from you . she chose to place her leaving on an actual event , rather than fruitlessly explain how your assholery is effecting the ... i think superdooper is perhaps being a bit too regimented about all this . remember that this situation is about two inxxs , so the standard answers about what dates ' should ' be won't necessarily work ... isn't it obvious ? : confused : we personally come to decisions , beliefs , positions , etc . , using primarily internal logic ( ti ) . can't see how a ti user could possibly trust in any ' revealed ' truth ... didn't think intps could be any flavour of religious . it seems almost like a contradiction in terms . amazing biomechanical tattoos . love these . http://www.tattooartists.org/Images/FullSize/000219000/Img219884_3d_biomechanical_tattoo.jpg ... best ne / fe tonic : kitteh : https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/-LxU0QQILY44/UB56MnVjWjI/AAAGcc/FsnenwPwNgk/s480/18.gif until a couple of years ago i used to get mistaken for autistic fairly often - - maybe even every few months or so . i never thought to ask these people why , but i assume it's because i don't emote much ... there is absolutely nothing wrong with any form of adult incest . you're complicated and interesting . you do a kind of emo thing but with a certain stylishness . and you remind me a lot of turtles , and they're like my favourite animals :D dd why the hell is incest a moral evil ? i just don't get it . :/ view from the shard 61717 real life nyan cat . aw yeah . omg yesss ! lol no yummy :) '