' dear enfj boyfriend : i am so glad i said to you what i said to you yesterday , because i meant it . you stuck by me during my hectic grad school days , so i can sure as hell stick by you during these ... person i don't like : here is my entire life story , and also let me be sure youknow how important i am while i complain about what a burden it is to be smarter than everybody else . ( ok , not a ... to my significant other after randomly texting him a weird word completely out of the blue and forgetting why i did so upon hitting send : i meant to say ' i love you , ' but it came out as ... dear unhuggable intj : you realize that only makes us want to hug you more , right ? :D bring it in , buddy , and feel the love , a huggable infj dear self : you are not getting sick . so what if your throat is scratchy , you have to cough , and you can only breathe out of one nostril ? you are not getting sick . i forbid it . cough , ... i don't remember ... i was a baby . :) but if family photos are any indication , i was flippin ' adorable . dear heavy d and the boyz : seriously , what are you going to do with love now that you've found it ? curious , an infj with a nostalgic love for 90s hip hop dear ghiradelli dark chocolate and sea salt caramel squares : let's get married . love , a typical woman with a chocolate fetish that pressure is self-inflicted , i think . in my experience , people in the real world aren't terribly concerned if you match your mbti type to the t . here on perc , yes , a lot of people are hung up on ... dear warweasel : yup , i notice hands on dudes . i can't quite explain my attraction to strong looking hands myself ... it's weird . it's not even just the sexual implications ... there's just something ... dear desk at work : i try so hard to keep you neat and tidy . i really do . but somehow by midday you're so covered in stuff that i have to dig to find my computer keyboard / mouse and i have to keep ... dear alarm clock : one of these mornings i'm going to turn you off via cartoon rubber mallet . grumble grumble , an infj who hearts sleep i start worrying that all our periods will synch up . my boyfriend of almost 4 years is enfj . known him for 5 . he's awesome - extremely empathetic and genuine , very easy with people ( which makes me a bit less shy in social situations ) , loves learning ... dear enfj boyfriend : i can't believe i randomly texted you the word nachos out of nowhere . since you replied with sand-wedge . see ? i can say random words too , i'm assuming you found this ... i generally interview pretty well , and have been able to find work due to my work ethic and social skills . being introverted doesn't mean you can't be social . i've had to deal with the public in ... emotional ? yes . emotionally reactive ? no . i am not a ticking time bomb of feelings . emotions are private things to me . i don't take them out and dress them up and display them for all the world ... dear tall , dark , extremely handsome and muscular landscaping dude at my door : well , hel-lo . rawr , an infj who is faithful to her man , but certainly not dead i'm not sure i understand the intention behind a woman playing dumb , to be honest . where is the self-respect in that ? do they not want respect from others ? do they not care about being taken ... don't worry . i'm that idiot who gets stuck in revolving doors . the trick is to laugh at yourself before anyone else does . :) i used to work in an office at a college and a student walked in and i swear to you this happened : me : hello , can i help you ? her : my advisor told me to talk to some lady in some office . can you ... nah , i tend to see that stuff as none of my business . i know the standard complaint is that infjs always want to change people to fit into our ideal , but eventually you just have to realize ... hrm ... one of my best friends i've had since i was 11 years old ( holy crap , we've known each other almost 20 years ! ) tests as isfj . i know there are differences between us , but never ones that have ... dear honeybees : thanks to you and your pollinating prowess , i will have a lot of raspberries this summer . please continue to help yourselves , a grateful infj who likes raspberries latest love letter text i sent to my boyfriend : dear ___ : thinking of you naked ! love , me i never said i was classy . very cool . i'm an archivist , so i love old shit . kind of goes with the job . :) i betcha winnie the pooh poos in the woods . i think this love of old homes is a common characteristic of a lot of people ... it's not necessarily more or less common to infjs , and it would be difficult to pin it down . some people just like the ... well , as you all can see by my username , i totally hate books . ;) i was actually the last kid in my class to learn to read at age 6 . it was frustrating - i couldn't get it at all . and then one day ... dear cat : because you opted to nap on your spot ( one among several ) on the back of the couch , i am now resting my head on your butt . deal with it . you're fuzzy , your sleepy infj mom i really doubt you can limit this particular situation as an infj thing . it's how you present yourself to other people , and how much confidence you show when you speak . if you seem confident in ... dude , when is he going to realize that body glitter is sooo ten years ago . seriously , he looks like a stripper from reno with daddy issues . first rule of true / false questions : any question containing the words all , none , always , or never are , more often than not , going to be in the false category . i realize that's a gross ... is it just me , or is meryl streep freakin ' adorable ? well , i agree that he's acting douchey . if he's trying to hurt you on purpose , then all you have to do is deny him what he wants . pay him no attention , and if you are hurt , don't let him see it . ... brains , hair color , sense of humor , sweetness , and , * ahem * ... rack . not sure how to handle compliments on that last one . :-/ i'm out of the loop on this alleged sub-forum hate ( nothin ' but love , entps ) , but i can't stop cracking up at tge use of the word diabeetus . it's the little things , guys . it's the little things ... i'm the proud mom of an orange tabby . he's currently snuggling with me even though i tripped and accidentally spilled tea on him a few minutes ago . now that's love ! well , aren't you sweet ? :D i'm lucky enough to have found an enfj man . the world needs more of you guys , in my opinion . your positivity is infectious . :) dear cat : yes , i purposely did not give you the leftover milk in my cereal bowl because it gives you the shits . get over it , will you ? ! jesus , you're acting like i've deprived you of air . sorry , ... five seconds after being introduced to someone : shit , what was your name ? you just told me and i repeated it back to you and i still forgot your freakin ' name ! it's ok . i'll just play it cool , ... i've known people like that , though i never knew their personality types . there was always something just very socially awkward about how keen they were to feel part of the group . they did exactly ... dear enfj boyfriend : ya knooow ... just because i'm about a foot shorter than you , it doesn't mean i can limbo under a rug . but if that really is the case , then that means i win , doesn't it ? ... dear pre-made greek salad from the grocery store : why are you topped with potato salad ? eating you anyway , a confused infj dear random neighborhood dog that visited me while i was working outside today : you are very cute and friendly , and i'm glad i decided to stop working and throw a stick to you for awhile . you were ... dear dishwasher repair guy who is supposed to be here sometime by 10:30 : after a rather fiber-licious breakfast and two cups of strong tea , i'm in a bind . suddenly i fear that you'll knock on the ... i loved an entp once . once . dear dried mango slices : where did you go , oh sweetened spears of delight ? ! longingly , an infj who just ate you all in one sitting dear best friend's sister : before you start going off on your manifesto on why the catholic church is evil , please try to remember that i come from a very catholic family of good people who see ... exact same thing for me . especially after reading this : inspiring images from boston - business insider '