' did you know , if all the people on this planet took each others hand and formed a circle around the equator ... most of them would drown ? yes get dirty socks , get a microscope , get a glass case you now have a mite zoo let me think about this in a nutshell . the entj will probably think of the intj as a slob , who's really smart but lacks initiative to get things done and just broods all the time . the intj will ... i'll not read up on all 24 pages of this thread . just tell me you folk , when you believe in god , are you talking religious or deistic ? cause i can see the arguments for a deistic world view , a ... i really like outlining . it has always bothered me so much , having to learn random bits of information in detail without knowing to what end and how it connects anyhow . it's so much easier to just ... if you post in this thread i don't know what to believe about him . i've had been checking him out for some time and he seems like an intellectually honest guy and his arguments are logically constructed . so unless he's a ... ... circling around in this sub forum . metaphorically ofc . where yall at ? do you like to interpret a lot of meaning in things that have absolutely no meaning at all hi to a stranger my mum doesn't no if i'm in a funny mood i smirk if i'm in a really funny mood i chuckle actual laughing is maybe a once in a year event ... so what does that imply maybe i think that laughing is a loss of ... it just does . as you can clearly see . have a nice day . that's the nicest thing i've heard in a while we're not our facial muscles are just incapable of showing emotion ... serious answer is , we hold ourselves to very high standards and ... can you help me find it ? jk , i never had one in the first place . i understand that and i fully respect the services teachers do . i'm just saying it's not for me . i dream big . a teacher , as in singular entity can probably never have the same impact that a competent ... so do you mean to go into politics and become a minister for education ? or maybe you want to become a teacher as you really prefer that intimate kind of relationship to your ideals ? or maybe you'll ... well they are right , but we are veeery far away from all that . if you know about determinism , there's a theory that if you could calculate every single atom and electron and ... you're talking about engineering , not science smartass at your service ! thanks for the kind words although i don't see how i shall make my mission successfull i guess having a clear objective would help and yet i'm just here trying to attract random attention to myself ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3p39ulIfnzc despair surrounds me as i fail but i shall not fail i will never give up , not even in the face of failure : rolleyes : so i thought you like to invade stuff , so i counterinvade : rolleyes : am i doing it right ? ... either ways ... gotcha ! you didnt expect that ! cthulhu 654194 isfp here writing itself is an artform some sentences are long and either hard to read or full of meaning and poetic energy others are short you can't restrain the human in their most basic form ... then close your eyes : wink : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6WNaHuAHKFU i'm not joking : blushed : although there are financial restraints as to how far i can go to play with your earlobes do you live in central europe ? tell me where you live and i'll play with yours baby : kitteh :: kitteh :: kitteh : rational and basic human behavior , although , dare i say , you probably have no real grasp on game theory . with common cooperation everyone is better off , sadly only the disbelief / lack of faith in ... so what's your plan on advancing the human race then ? going out , drinking liquor and making babies to people you will never meet again ? that's one way of establishing the continued survival of the ... first let's make things clear . i'm adressing the stereotype that the infj is someone with the deep inner desire to change the world to the better with both the fervor to * fight * for a cause they ... cheating vinniebob so i'm an intj and i'm sorta kinda open to all kinds of music and every now and then i feel like listening to k-pop , like , right now i was listening to gg ( girls generation ) and psy cause i felt like ... complacency is the death of progress sounds edgy as fuck but i'm sure a lot of infx will give me likes for that . life isn't as simple as to be summarized by a self made quote . use your brain and adapt . just made this up basically i'm not just condemning all people to also be bad judges of character just because i am . although they might be . tho they're not , as you've just proven . or as blue ribbon has . my ... observation : every time i tried to guess the type of any of my friends i hillariously failed . conclusion : i'm a bad judge of character . hypothesis : judging others just by their outside appearance ... well , people who compare us to sheldon have rather no idea about our type . they seem to believe that that one representative of our type ( who is also borderline autistic and has the social skills of ... when i try to think of the best way to insult an intj ( or myself ) the best i can come up with is either someone annoying me or a description of my character . am i really that impassive about what ... maybe the communication style we use is just so different that we can't emulate the small talk of other types ? while i haven't really started any other threads i've had some topics in mind i've ... as awkward as this may sound , i've got an issue with making threads . many times now have i thought of starting or participating in some debate around here but then i couldn't make myself start a ... ' twas a joke , aren't we intj hilarious https://media.giphy.com/media/QwEzowvtuxDyM/giphy.gif observe better , we actually look like that all the time today i met a jehova's witness in the tram . i giggled . maybe i'm really immature but the thought that people genuinely believe in god humors me . at least when they preach it . i suppose the inability to follow through on an intellectual conversation counts as cool nowadays . oh , the youth ! that doesn't imply this conversation is intellectual : ninja : then i'd insult you in an elaborate manner with a very carefully chosen array of words , researching all your past predicaments and going in detail on those spirits of the past which may or may not ... http://images-cdn.9gag.com/photo/a3Bv8mN_700b.jpg '