' i just can't with this guy . i liked him on and off for about three years , and it was only on and off because he'd reappear back in to my life , make me fall for him and then disappear again so then ... you know you're an infp ( or at the very least an introvert ) when you find the introvert cat meme and start going , my life ! my life in a meme ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PGoCtJzPHkU i love this song in it's original form , but this version , just sends goosebumps down my body and makes me just want to sit back , close my eyes and ... congrats , lovely ! <3 http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mbas2nf4aR1qhulwxo1_250.gif my brother is downstairs in the living room , i walked past as the big bang theory theme was playing , so i waited outside and then at the right moment , popped my head around the door and went , “ bang ! ” this is totally understandable . i lived with my boyfriend for a year and spent every day with him , now he's living 2 hours away from me . my best friend has also spent almost every day with her ... my boyfriend has recently gone off to uni , he's only 2 hours away but with lack of money and no transport , it feels like more than that . a year ago he had thought of staying where we live , to be ... undeserving . unworthy . http://i204.photobucket.com/albums/bb149/NekoFitzy/GIFS/tumblr_ljgn7kbemS1qel0uho1_500.gif when you and your other infp mate go out for an all you can eat with your family and you have a conversation that goes like this . me : nooo ! wait for me , i don't wanna go up by myself . mate : oh ... - because i've slept enough . - because i need to have breakfast . i'm hungry , dammit ! - because i need to do my daily work out as i'm tired of complaing and not doing anything about it . - because ... http://i204.photobucket.com/albums/bb149/NekoFitzy/GIFS/tumblr_liha50K1DE1qfhjyj.gif http://i204.photobucket.com/albums/bb149/NekoFitzy/GIFS/tumblr_lik3af7vl61qaonic.gif ... ... when you're sat here grooving to this : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QH2-TGUlwu4 i'm done . i'm done . i'm just going to get on with my life . everything happens for a reason . aaaggghhh ! bitch mandi is almost ready to come out and play . please , just fucking leave it , you will not like her . i don't like her . this will be a ... oh honey , i was right where you are two months ago and it's so so painful . the best thing you can do , is to just forget about it , which i know is hard , but if he can do that , then he's not worth the ... i realised the other day that although i've had 1 serious relationship ( 2 years ) and 2 mildly serious relationships ( several months ) , i've also had a few relationships were they have ended a week ... i'm starting to think i'm actually pretty amazing and i don't need anybody else to make me feel that way . this should be something to celebrate after my years of self-hate . but i've hurt ... infj - the counselor you scored 25 i versus e , 40 n versus s , 20 f versus t , and 80 j versus p ! your ideal romantic partner is known as the counselor . this type makes a supportive and insightful ... i've been going through some stuff recently and i could tell i was changing as a person because of it . i decided to re-do a few personality tests . i tried the new one posted on this site . at first i ... i've never really liked oral that much . i hate giving it , it's not enjoyable and i find it a little gross : unsure : kiss me arse ! kiss mine - - - in english ! had to . ___ damn junk food . well , you know what really sucks about falling for a guy you know you're not right for ? you fall anyway because you think he might turn out to be different . > . < y u no ! ? http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lj1az3BJAE1qgfl7y.bmp gotta love tumblr : person unknown - page 1 of 52 i'm not feeling anything right now ... aliens like calvaire , thanks to watching alien abduction : incident in lake country when i was about 9/10 . but only those aliens really . took me awhile to figure my second fear out . i never knew ... warning : excessive cursing , screaming and shouting past this point ___ aaarrrggghhh ! won't you gtfo ! seriously , you take the fucking piss ! 17 , a week into a relationship that lasted two years . so it may have been very soon into the relationship , but it felt right and we were quite serious about each other . but ever since i started doing ... i hate being on transport with a friend or numerous friends . merely for the fact that it feels awkward to just sit there in silence . whenever i saw a friend at the train station , i would be like ... i once woke up in the middle of the night , sleeping top to toe with my cousin who was facing the wall and fast asleep , i was attempting to get back to sleep when i felt a hand grab my ankle and try ... i'm not the only infp who has crazy nights and kisses girls ! ( well , friends , but y'know , same diff ) . <3 psht . http://28.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lhc7yo2GRH1qbztvko1_500.gif i can't speak properly at all . i either don't speak much , or if i do speak , it's really fast and i start running out of breath and my words get all jumbled . like i forget to breathe when i'm ... i'm tempted to do something radical to my look . like dye my hair a vibrant colour and get a tattoo , or two . but i don't know if a bright colour would suit me ... my friend recommended going into a ... ugh . why do the people that say they're going to call me , or that i want to call me , never do . i hate phone conversations , stop making me wait around for them for nothing ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qfTxB4DZRAo i . can't . stop . robert nova : i'm sorry , but although i can understand most of what you are saying , your determined words that you are ' pure ' and the tone in which you are writing them makes me a bit uneasy too ... i salute when i see a lone magpie ... i've tried to stop , but i really really can't . at least i've stopped saying hello mr / mrs magpie outloud now ... i recently left a job i could have been in for the rest of my life , for a job that only lasted spring to autumn , merely because i hated my new boss and the sales part of the job while the new job was ... oh .. hello , i thought it was time for me to add another photo . : unsure : http://i204.photobucket.com/albums/bb149/NekoFitzy/DARKWASTHENIGHT/5526678105_db9f91b26c_o-1.jpg i know , you can't see my ... awww ! my nephew does the cutest sad face . everyone now responds to him being sad or about to cry with awww ! nooo , the bottom lip ! or now what's the bottom lip for ? because he full on sticks ... it's completely normal , i have a friend who hates babies , she literally came round to mine and my sister and her boyfriend walked in with my ickle nephew at which i went awww ! coodddyyy cuddles ! ... hahaha , i had this the other day , i couldn't sleep and the guy i was with (: blushed :) asked me if i was alright and i was like huh ? yeah , why ? and he went i can just hear you thinking . which i ... i looove shopping ! but i also hate it because then i realise i don't have a lot of money and i have to be careful what i spend and force myself to think if i need the particular thing i'm drooling ... the bigger the socks ? : unsure : teehee , this thread started to make me giggle outloud , i had to post something . : blushed : op , i do hope you find someone for you , and although i would recommend ... not too bad , i italiced what i agreed with . reflective & complex people high on this dimension tend to enjoy classical , blues , jazz , and folk music . on the reflective & complex dimension you ... despite this post , i walked home today smiling and feeling like skipping . gaaahhh ! i feel like a fool running toward something but not realising there's a big glass window ahead . but i ... ii . your psychological type you possess the gift of a clear , strong and objective mind , and you are a lover of truth and integrity in all your dealings . you will always favour reason over chaos , ... frappucino ! ! <3 aha , i usually get one of these , although my friend said to me yesterday they have like a shot of coffee in them , i don't get it for the caffeine ( my usual drink is a bottle of ... i get where you were coming from with this , but , you not wanting to die , not wanting to be killed , is still a feeling . and you may have reasons for that - family , friends , etc . but then again , ... omg ! no , no , stop smiling , don't get your hopes up , it might not go anywhere . crap , crap . i'm doing it again ! ! stop it , stop it ! agghhh ! i can't help myself <3 : blushed : : unsure : '