' when i said someone is child-like , it's a compliment . it means they remind me of who a person used to be , to do things genuinely . they inspire me in childlike manner . makes me want to protect them , ... i don't find many of my folks here and it's been several years . this community is too diverse for me . so far i only ended up lurking . anyhow , hope you can find what you want here . infp doesn't define who you are . that being said , i've found myself retreating from various situations on this forum , and all of them happened outside infp forum . it's usually when i am being ... i am curious about this as well :D infps three questions : 1 . do you like , enjoy , or want to take the lead in relationships ? ( friendships , romantic , any ) in friendships , i don't like leading ... stop understanding all people as they all have different backgrounds . your brain will burst into pieces if you try to . just like this forum . i am tired of making sense of it . too many varieties ... 7 , easy to pronounce , but still foreign to my tounge lol nah , nuuh . i want both of us to have our quiet personal space , even when we are talking loudly about things we like . definitely not outgoing type who prefers several companions . joy , lol . actually last night i cried again and again to the point my eyes feel swollen . i was thinking of happy and grateful i am to know him . people might have thought i just broke up with ... i've given up trying to figure out what being infp actually means . i don't care if other people think of me being too rational , too cold , or too awesome as infp . i know i am on quest of saving the ... on your 20 ' s , more and more friends getting married . so you started to question yourself , how does one make decision on that ? marriage and falling in love are different things . some people get ... yeah , that's what i think too . there are differences between visiting as tourist and to actually live in different culture . he brought up his deployment when i reminded him of cultural gap . sometimes ... just be there when she falls . i think this is kind of things which people should learn on their own . i am in the same position right now . i want to help my friend , but well , i still got nothing ... if it's movie genre , then absolutely . but .. oh , we aren't talking about that , are we ? * scratches head * oh geez , dosto ! maybe you can consider myself as your new fan ! : blushed : anyways , in regard of op .. i've been there before . despite of being tomboy , i only have girls as friends since i was ... yevsky don't be sorry , there's nothing to apologize . in fact , i am amused , lol he actually has done service in military and visited several countries , like france , spain , i forget where ... because that's indeed rational counter-measure i invented to deal with emotions i felt during adolescence , lol . i don't want it to happen again . i have no idea how to solve emotional matters with ... this . lol i think i can tell , but if i like the person back , i am worried if i am somehow biased , so i convince otherwise : that he doesn't like me , lol i don't know . when it comes to love , i ... okay , i need some inquiry from some perc fellas here . i am from somewhere around southern asia , he's from us . we aren't exactly going out , but we do know that we like each other . it's a little bit ... most people say , you can't . i personally think to actually fall in love is a decision , so i would say that it's actually possible . i'd take moving on case for example . moving on from broken-heart ... before i answer the thread , is it really infp thing ? i think of those typical behaviors and mindset as self-esteem issue rather than personality trait . i love this guy , but sometimes when i get ... i wonder in which countries being virgin isn't a bad thing , besides in my country . i never really understand why people should worry about getting laid . cultural values play part here , of course . i ... i am not falling in love so that i can become your damsel in distress . i am not falling in love so that i can become your elegant graceful princess . it's only with you whom i can fall in love with ... women are able to protect men without devastating their men pride ; men are able to protect women without implying women are fragile . i want to vent but i just can't . sometimes i think venting makes you immature , .. ok , just a little bit then .   .. oh , my . it's just i'm used to tolerate people more so .. yeah , i will admit it makes ... haha , watching k-pop fandom , random shipping , and stuffs is always interesting . reminds me of old days : laughing : someone else on this forum reading / watching monster ? ! : shocked : finally ! a concrete way to explain intuitive and abstract thought of process ! : crazy : vinndi ! your avatar is totally hooked on me :D yeah , there is tendency , majority of infps choose avatar that would make them feel attached to their world , and they mostly have dreamy / idealism ... i don't think i know enough about the options you are offering up there , however knowing infps most likely have similar preferences , i will definitely check and give them a try . anyway , based on what ... when this is the only place you understand why you make people upset about you and you are also upset about them , yet you are silently back to lurk , then you noticed you still need to rant it . .. hm , do most infps get drawn to ' find the origin of their true selves ' hence you tend to find them on such forum like perc ? i found it hard to drag my friends here ; and the reason why i attempted ... welcome to perc , anadalaya and hope you enjoy your stay :) yeah , he will never know how much i am relieved for hearing any news from him ! he will never know how much i've been worrying for more than two months ! yeah , we are just cyber-friends but if what ... hotspur , two more posts to reach 1k ! : laughing : ( is that even necessary ? ignore me .. * lurks back * ) what i like about you is your genuine feeling to protect the one who is most important to you , without abandoning those who are less important than the most one . it's also common sense , in ... i subconsciously put myself as youngsters you mentioned on your post which is why i thanked that post . i know no shame .. huu .. : frustrating : twenty . twenty . twenty . and oh .. i think what people mostly call as hypocrite is merely contradiction within two different things in people which actually talk about two entirely different contexts that however hardly ... #vaan vaan ( i forget how to use that recent-added tag system ) perfectionism does not exclusively belong to any particular group nor type . if you are interested ( read.obsessed ) at literature and ... ^ for me , that depends whether i know them well or not . if i consider them close and i've given them enough trust , i appreciate any grammatical or spelling correction . but if that's from some random ... i am sorry . i am sorry . i am sorry . i know what has been done can't be undone . i don't ask for anything . but i want to let you know , our previous conversations are always worth of my time . i have no ... dear cobalt , please stop slacking off and start working on your papers .. : cry : * ctrl + a the starting post * ... never say neverrr .. ? doh ! why must someone enjoy something just because many people seem like to enjoy it ? don't people differ individually ? anyway , happy venting , mom sparkles ! : happy : ^ i still have hard time to follow discussion about how each cognitive function works out in our personality and such . sounds interesting , but i am not able to grasp even the basic theory .. or maybe i ... wasn't a man formerly a lad ? refugee was lad , hotspur was lad ; randomly picked name btw . that's quite a lot of fake accounts you have there , based on my conspiracy theory . to be honest , i still feel somewhat insecure when posting . i joined in august 2010 yet i wasn't sure if i could enjoy myself here so i sort of left this place for awhile . if i introspect myself ... and why it seems like i am the only girl with different romantic notion ? :d ry : ever heard about girls dreaming to be personal knight guardian of a prince ? that's what i am talking about ! that's not corny . i laughed at that one . although now that i think about it .. yeah , that's corny - but , hell , like it matters to me ! '