' as an intp , do you find you ever get particularly jealous ? and to clarify , i'm talking about jealousy , not envy . i haven't seen much information relating to this topic . i was wondering how ... i'm in my first semester of university at the moment myself . i had my heart set on psychology for years and then probably a month before applications were due , i changed my mind . i'm now studying ... how do i deal with anxiety ? lmao . i don't . kinda just swallows me whole most days . i try to be objective and think , hey is what you're anxious about right now actually a rational thing to be ... they seem to come across quite rarely in my own experience , but are definitely worth it once meeting them . i don't find them particularly exhausting , that being said , i find socialising exhausting in ... oh definitely . i would love to meet and converse with more , that's why i made sure to say ' some ' enfj's over some other types . i tried not to generalise , sorry about that . i consider it more my ... yeah i agree . definitely filled with regret and just plain embarrassment , honestly . i have a really good friend that is an enfj . we get along really well however the mental , intellectual , and emotional connection is lacking just a little . i don't think that would work for me ... time is just a concept . i think about that a lot to be honest . when i get closer to someone and i know they won't judge me i let out my quirky side i guess . i'm only ever outgoing with the people i'm closest with - the one's who share my sense of humour and ... i'm so lazy when it comes to cooking . i don't cook , and then i don't eat , and i skip full meals all the time . mostly i'm just not bothered , other times it's just because i forget . what's an easy ... i can understand i guess , i've been there . that being said it took me a while to understand myself mentally and emotionally and the more i learn the easier it gets . just take some time to ... my closest friend at the moment is an isxj . the friendship i've made with her to me is worth while - there's a strong sense of care . this can definitely get too much for me sometimes , but it is nice ... hey there , i don't know if it's just me , but i generally really struggle to make friends . recently i've been speaking to someone more frequently and i think she's an isfj . she's genuinely ... could i please have my name changed to punkdxx thank you ! hey there , so at the moment i'm currently writing a speech based on ' pre-raphaelite poetry ' ( wow so interesting ) for my advanced english class , and came across the thought that public speaking ... - you should go out and meet new people . just be normal for once . you're wrong . excuse you . i am never wrong . i'm very in to punk rock / rock / alternative / soul punk / punk etc . fall out boy , my chemical romance , and panic ! at the disco just to name a few of my all time favourite bands . then there's twenty one ... it wasn't a complaint , merely an observation ;) this thread is quite different from the ones i've read . it's not that i don't care of what people think of me , i have some great friends and on first impressions i'm generally well-liked . i do care about what people think of me if they are relevant in my ... hey there , i've only found a couple of threads regarding this topic , and i didn't find what i was looking for exactly . i thought i'd see what i could come up with on a thread of my own to feed and ... i've always loved dr . watson and sherlock's relationship , although sherlock is a high functioning sociopath so he's definitely an example of an unhealthy intp - he's crazy , but i love him for it ... ... we're the same . you know other than all that loving family and friends , and being selfless and sympathetic . hahaha oh the bitch face , it's a favourite of mine , most of my expressions look very ... hmm , that's interesting . i know you haven't clearly stated what you're like , but i can deduce at least some area of your personality just from what you've said and how you've said it . and i agree ... i just typed out a whole paragraph about trying to connect with people a little more and then realised i had no clue how . connecting with people over the internet is great , who knows , maybe you'll ... you sound like you'd be suited quite well to any of those interests of yours ! i don't think i have the patience to learn new language , so props to you . don't trick yourself in to thinking you're a ... good luck with your romantic endeavours with this intp ! ( i promise we are not purposely insensitive if you ever find yourself being upset at something an intp says , just a heads up . ) i've always ... hey everyone ! i've been lingering a bit on this isfj forum for a while , and , as i've said in many previous posts , i really do like and appreciate your type . the problem is that i don't know much ... i will be sure to carry chocolate with me wherever i go , problem is but the time i've come across an isfj it will probably be all gone ... xd i've found that my childhood was pretty difficult , looking back at it now . i feel as though a major part of my personality is because of the neglect i dealt with as a child , and so i just learnt to ... i am known to bottle my emotion . i do not vent a lot , and i guess it's made it easier for me after finding this site as i find it much easier to talk to someone online than in person . my classmates know barely anything about me . i literally have one friend whom i love and tell everything , she's also an intp , so we share the same views , but she doesn't have an answer for what i'm ... i think there might be . i can agree with a few of those things , especially not getting enough alone time . i'd love to know what it was , and i was actually going to put this in my original post , but i ... hey everyone , so here's the thing , in the past couple of weeks i have been pushed to my absolute limit when it comes to social interaction . i'm finding myself anxious and stressed and not wanting ... my infj friend laughs whenever she sees me because i am such a stereotypical intp . whenever i get mad , or get to the point where i have an extremely low tolerance for people she will just burst out ... i'm constantly bored . i snap out of reality all the time in class . as far as grades go , i generally get pretty great marks for most subjects . this isn't because i study , or even the small amount of ... look , i'm with you here . i'm already having an existential crisis and i'm only 16 years old for god's sake . i'm a pretty extreme intp and at my age , that doesn't exactly ' win ' any friends . younger ... it mustn't have been the best sarcasm if you had to explain it . i think it was the lack of expression in your writing that made it sound serious . i mean , there was obvious sarcasm and over ... you are welcome ! i find you guys very loveable and friendly and i reach out to those i like , so i'm happy to speak some kind words to you . oh i definitely agree when you say not to look for ... looking for a male isfj . i can imagine they'd be pretty rare , especially seeing as i'm quite young . i'll definitely be looking out for those general traits ! hi there , i've posted on this forum before and i must say that i really like isfj's . you all are most definitely the nicest type and i seriously can't get enough of you . you're sweet , you don't ... i know what it's like to be in that kind of relationship , but mine goes the other way round . i have an esfj mother , and after 16 years she still doesn't understand my strange ways . but me bing ... you seem pretty one sided about them . not all esfj's are like that , everyone's different . in fact , one of my closest friends is an esfj and we get along brilliantly , she loves my weird sense of ... i thought so , too . well , i'm not sure of your age , but from what i know , most intp's are often at home . we don't tend to be incredibly social , although when i go out i'm usually with a group of ... even though you say you ' have low self esteem ' ( to use your words ) , here you are , introducing yourself . i think that takes a lot . i know , being not only an introvert , but someone who doesn't ... that sounds like something very interesting to be studying ! and i know what you mean about visual arts , it takes a bit of getting used to . i still love to draw and paint even though i'm not great ... i know you probably don't want an intp here contributing , but i saw this post and felt i could really relate . if anything , i'd have to say intp's are probably one of the loneliest types you can ... my mother is an esfj , and i somehow turned out to be the exact opposite of her function wise ! i know she has good intentions but she doesn't quite understand the way i am ( me being introverted , ... hey guys ! i'm an intp and i'm just generally interested in your type ! i understand we have the same cognitive functions , just in the exact opposite order xd so what's on your mind ? what are you ... hahaha , spot on ! it actually went a lot better than expected , thank you for asking ! :) people actually laughed at the jokes i attempted to make , and i didn't pass out of anxiety ... so it wasn't too ... '