' - my mom is an enfp - very flamboyant and all over the place socially , loves to be there for other people , never held a stable job - my dad ( who raised me ) is an istj - very stern and orderly , dentist ... i sit on my butt all day telling people what other people should have told me . really though , im in my final year of college studying math . sorry if my initial post came off as rude . i was a quiet , apathetic kid in the classroom , never participating . whenever my 1st grade teacher called on me to read , i'd purposely stumble on some my words to make it sound like i had a hard time ... are you looking for life advisors on the internet ? i say you should negotiate with your own self . if you have an idea of what you want to do , then find the right / best sources to make that happen . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nLCqSMDEQsA ] v = nlcqsmdeqsa > [ video = youtube ; nlcqsmdeqsa ] http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nLCqSMDEQsA [ / video about drinking . his entire album is so good <3 i know what you're saying ... kind of , i think . when im just being calm , i notice children come up to me or the ones in public places just smile . they get all smiley and curious and they like what ... geometry , algebra , and pre-calculus - all easy with little effort calculus ( 1,2 , 3 ) - fairly easy with little to moderate effort proof writing - quite good and had a lot of fun real analysis - ... i dont try to repress or prolong my issues , i do a lot of introspection . introspection makes me deal in the long run as it makes me : 1 ) rationalize my problems and ) gives me more answers on how to ... :) the human race is governed by its imagination . - napoleon bonafarte every time i try to share my feelings with others , i sound like a hopeful kid desperately searching for words to describe something beyond their understanding . it's such a problem . and there are also ... i prefer to be alone most of the time . but i tend to get along with males easier and quicker , mostly because i feel a bit comfortable talking to them and we typically have more to talk about ... the candle that shines twice as bright , burns half as long - blade runner movie forget your personal tragedy . we are all bitched from the start and you especially have to be hurt like hell ... but ... theyre mean ... im being objectively truthful when i say i am physically attractive . that being said , whenever a guy comments on my physical attractiveness ( which is very often ) , i usually : a ) dont care much ... as in ... - power of the mind - what ' perception ' is that may be vague , but any recommendations would help . thanks . oh okay ... unfortunately , i haven't found a super drug like you have described . but pot makes my thoughts / ideas run slower and they appear more coherent in my head . it's like the thoughts in my head can ... changed my mind so much i can't even trust it . my mind changed me so much i can't even trust myself - modest mouse time + money ... ? do you mean since the assumption says time and money . i only see time x money . maybe i didn't see something :) i kinda didn't get the question either without looking at other people's responses ... - when walking out of my room to take the dishes to the kitchen , i somehow ended up in front of the toilet ... - while having a one on one discussion with my professor , he laughed in the middle of ... 52601 52600 52602u200b i'm mostly attracted to nf's . on medication for : depression ( w / mood swings ) add dopamine deficiency i'm quite self-conscious in public . my psychiatrist says my true self is underdeveloped and my false is overdeveloped ... the situation kinda nags me . the moment i really believe he has interest beyond friendship ( more than harmless flirting ) , then i usually ask him straight out if that's the case ( which is a bit snobby ... when you come across a post with a ' real person ' avatar and end up reading the post in a way you'd imagine that person would sound like in person . lol idk . i dont know if it's an intp thing to not care much ... but whenever im too lazy to dress up ( which is half the time ) , i just throw on a sweatshirt , some jeans , and boots no matter the weather . lately ... 52310 < < < my ' library ' 52311 < < vanity / study area . cleaning my room . it's a mess . piles of clothes are scattered throughout the bed and floor because im too lazy to fold them . i also need to put the yesterday's laundry from the washer into the dryer ... 52184 < < < asian infp ... ( i test intp and infp a lot ) i feel bad for the ones who really believe the spirits follow even after the trip has happened to them . it's like they've lost an important of their mind . the recent philosophy ( of our time ) that ... i wouldn't easily think so . people underestimate the power of the mind . edit : that was a good question .. reading about people's experiences with shrooms fascinates me . a lot of the ones i've read on the net generally claim to believe that shrooms pretty much give a passage to other entities ( ie demons ... ... that you think too much ? edit : just found a thread similar to this question :P single and content , not really actively looking . intp independence can be a gift . i love being alone so much , it has weirded some of my friends out ... they like calling me a loner . i have no ... overall swagger . entps are one of the few that can , most likely , pull off arrogance . it's the wit , intelligence , and eccentricity . for every thing i love about them , there's something i really don't ... there's an enthusiastic , passionate , almost giddy-like child inside of me that only comes out when a very special someone comes along . i like my logical , cool and collected side better . when people make assumptions about your entire personality and then act on them right away pretention manipulation lack of respect when people become too judgemental ( set in their ways ... the psychology of romantic love . so far , it's great ! eh . yea , sometimes i think there's something corrupt about him . like he's trying really hard to be a renowned mathematician . are you serious ? or did you just improvise that ? ? ? whatever , you probably have way more forum experience than i do . how the hell would you deduce that ? because i can easily come off as naive and deluded ? sometimes people have the right ideas but don't express them in easily read ways . i am , too . thats a pretty mean thing to say ... i meant that since he knows i notice a lot of details , that maybe he deliberately turned his head to tell me to get the hint . ( that he's not interested ) . or maybe it was just a universal sign of ... it's important to note that the deliberate head changes were done right after i sent the email . i think his strong intuition told him something . either to tell me that he's not interested , ( since he ... with no reasoning , i doubt it . i mean that in the best way possible . i have a huge crush on my math professor , pretty sure he's an entp . i think that he might like me , but am also confused because he can just be curious about me . here are some bullet points ( in ... '