' artificial womb could allow babies to develop outside the motherâ € ™ s uterus . | faithbite how about artificial womb and gmo babies ? : crazy : my apology that i didn't remember those 2 quotes well because this thread has been going on for a while with many pages . still , even if she said those things , it doesn't give you the right being ... i agree men need emotional support , but not in the form op planning to give to her brother . please show the link of that research . it is easier for widower to marry again than widow . please don't ... it is wrong to say needing emotional support is a female thing . i should say it is a tendency happens higher in women than in men . can you please point out the first sexist statement i made from ... g_w sub-replacement fertility is a total fertility rate ( tfr ) that ( if sustained ) leads to each new generation being less populous than the older , previous one in a given area . the primary ... newmango not all intjs are mathematicians . i am bad at high-level mathematics , and physics . i am good at chemistry , and biology which i can connect with real life experiences . math is pure concept ... yes , after 2 months of this thread being posted . i only got 2.5 people who can correctly identify the problem . i gave 1/2 credit to one person because she identified the issue partly . : mellow : ... i think you are on the right tract . : kitteh : it is also a lot of time i didn't find those guys attractive so i was reluctant to reply . i agree this is how most intjs coping with emotional pain . however , don't you think you do a better job at this being a guy ? i used to linger over a break up for more than 3 months . you guys probably ... sorry . i didn't pay attention to your mbti status . lol i just picked up your thought patterns while i was reading posts on this thread . your enthusiasm and authenticity are much appreciated . : happy : ninjahitsawall stop staying inside your mind ! : tongue : every one notice clothing , personality traits , tone of voice , body language ... sensors may even do a better job than us . they notice more ... those comments were not from maybird . why do you need to force your anger on her ? another thing is one or two people who posted these comments don't represent intj as a whole . i remember seeing ... reachforpeach what i meant with i like to heal people : is that i used to be attracted to complicated people for some reason , i wanted to make them happy and i really did . you definitely is ... needing emotional support is a female thing . i asked my brother how he got over emotional pain after break up . he told me he just simply would not think about the break up . :d ry : men can shut down ... why do you feel incompetent compared to stps ? : shocked : it looks like intj forum is flooded with enfps , especially for relationship questions . : laughing : at least , we can minimize the control group down to enfps . : tongue : leaving legacy by invention or improving a system is my plan . it is not a big deal to be single parent in this era . this is why more than 1/3 of the population have no plan to marry in their life ... how can we find some kind of pattern for sure ? newmango is a young good looking blonde . i suppose this is going to be a confounding factor because she will attract mostly successful guys who can ... you know i never watch soap opera . that is never my taste . somehow your story is more appealing cuz it is real life . : crazy : how do you know he was good at hiding ? there is a possibility that he ... kepenfp it is too early to conclude anything as this only happened 2 days ago . you need to wait to see if he asks you out again . many intjs on this forum said they don't do one night stand ... i find writing journals work wonder for me . you can read journals from time to time to analyze your thought patterns . you can find out what triggered your emotional pain and stress . you can figure ... thanks for your enfp frankness and drama ! lol the 1st intj guy was super crazy and weird . i don't know how you could still enjoy sex with him ? was this a relationship or sexual connection only ? i ... same here . i also have felt i am very different since i was little , but don't know why until i read about intj . i felt i found my soulmate reading intj descriptions . : laughing : in real life , i ... figure exactly . i met one personality psychologist who disagreed with mbti theory . this was part of the reason i signed up for this forum . some people even argue mbti is no more accurate than ... lilysocks i agree degree is not an accurate measurement of intellectuality . however , there is no better means to measure it at this point . a degree holder at least shows the determination and ... benevolentbitterbleeding i already said i agree these autodidacts carried intellectual capacity to achieve high level of expertise in the previous post . maybe i need to bold it so you can read ? ... lilysocks maybe i need to find a better word to describe increasing mental capacity by training , whether self or formal . what i am trying to differentiate is not all intjs are smart . maybe this is ... benevolentbitterbleeding i know many true autodidacts got honor degrees if they were recognized for their works and contribution . here is my point : true autodidacts will get honors degree . sorry ... another number it is very dangerous for you to stereotype people so easily . i can come up my stereotype about infjs , and i am sure i will put you and other infjs on the defensive . i see no benefit ... autodidacts are people who self educated to become experts in certain areas , but not necessary intellectually trained in science or academia . i checked this list . some of the autodidacts were ... people can claim themselves as intelligent instead if they have high iq scores . i purposefully coded intellectual as the title of this thread , but no one have noticed the difference between ... another number i am tired of how wrong you interpretate narcissistic personality disorder ( npd ) in a couple of threads including this one especially . i am a medical student planning to specialize ... that avatar is my self portrait in charcoal . talking hard philosophy is inadequate or better put , uninteresting to most people who only see structured existing things / concepts or who like to be ... it depends on what developmental stage you and your partner at . before marriage , people like to explore and experience different things for fun or learning depends on each type's preference ... i guess enfp find intj aloof exterior interesting because this is so different from warm dramatic enfp exterior , and you guys like to dig mysteries . lol researches have shown the opposites attract ... excellent analysis ! it does make sense when you factor in the expected gender roles . going along with your analysis , you probably won't be attracted to those cold intj males who have no interest in ... reachforpeach newmango thank you so much for encouragement ! i have confidence in myself . : kitteh : i just don't know why dating is so hard for intjs , especially intj girls . look at the ... how come you are attracted to intj males ? don't they appear cold and aloof ? : tongue : i just recalled i met 3 intj guys total . one was small feminine gay librarian . one had governmental job , and ... backpenther nice calculation ! : kitteh : i don't need to look for iq 130 + , and i am fine with xntx , and xnfx . i guess my chance is slightly higher . i have seen 3 mbti online dating sites . only ... exactly . i include other qualities along with personality . i didn't say appearance is the only quality that will attract others , but it is one of the criteria many people have on their lists . why do ... jeb this was our conversation : metamd : we are talking about attraction , which happens in the first sight for most people . this is what i referred to . we are not talking about long-term ... i am happy that you and your wife find each other attractive . : happy : it is great that one intj happened to find another intj attractive . the thread is asking for attraction , not long-term ... jeb if you were responding to attraction , i don't attract to people's personality at first sight . that is why i wrote the previous post you inquired about . i just simply would like to elaborate ... reachforpeach you sound like infp . meaning of life can't be deciphered . i am also very confused ! :-) yup . who said we always have to quote from others . why can't we generate quotes that we genuinely resonate to ? plus , i haven't found any quote that is similar to this one , which describes exactly how ... we are talking about attraction , which happens in the first sight for most people . this is what i referred to . we are not talking about long-term compatibility here . if the tread is asking for ... 0bl1gatory hey . this is not nice to say , but that was my original idea without reading the post . : tongue : intjs don't look back . however , op said intj ex contacted her . i think this is a good ... exactly . i always take all negative and positive experiences as learning . to live is to process information every day and every instant . we all can perceive information with the sensory faculties ... that is a perfect 100 % . happy for you . : happy : nope . this calculation is wrong . your meaning to your life is purely subjective . there is no measurement to it as long as you are having a fulfilling life . however , the relationship between you ... '