' - is your father a mechanic ? - ... why ? - because he assembled you well . 1 . sarcastic 2 . tease non-stop 3 . patient and undirect while i'm building up the tension , then very direct and bold when it's time for the kill all people fiind the same kind of stuff funny : what surprises them or what makes them feel superior . i do not think type has anything to do with it . but i personally like situational humor the most ... summer . all of the above + cold beer is incredible during summer :D first get drunk with one or more friends . then think about something fun to do . you'll surely figure out something . my most crazy ( or hell fun ) experiences were born this way :D hehe yeah i can relate to that . but as far as my experience goes , mbti is pretty much useless as far as dating goes . girls are girls , no matter if they are estps , enfjs or whatever . but if you ... paying attention to what i say and do . seeming interested in my personality and my life , not just my d * * * . yeah , pro-choice . yeah ... first of all i wont trust your typing that she is an estp . but she is a cold coquette ( the type that now is warm , now is cold , now she flirts , now she does not give a fuck ) and she is playing ... i would go with enfp ... you sound like a fi auxiliary , but do not seem impulsive enough to be an esfp ( or an estp who is worse ) that friend of yours sounds totally esfj and not at all estp ... many reasons for that , most important of all being that you described her as very submissive towards people of authority - se or ne ... well i have the same problem ( or had ask me again in a few months ) there is not much you can do , but as an estp myself , i found out that while i am a good character reader , i often make wrong ... sure . i have to pick a college and a future profession , but i have some many options and so many jobs i could do well , that i have no idea how to sort through them . i already droped from 2 colleges ... that's the spirit ! good luck :) you are funny :) ) like i stress out , unless they are really intense about it , no . there is this one time . a girl who was just a friend of mine . went to a party and she was there also . a few hours later , she pulls me ... now that i think about it ... now i speak from a personal perspective , but what i say may be common with other estps . i don't really have a friend zone for girls . i am not the type to make ... jack of all trades ? just flirt very directly , but in a playful manner ... strong intenses i love you scare the shit out of me :) ) character strength # 1bravery you are a courageous person who does not shrink from threat , challenge , difficulty , or pain . you speak up for what is right even if there is opposition . you act on your ... ok maybe i am biased , but i can't see you as an isfj . you see i have met a lot of enfjs , esfjs , isfjs ( if you ask me this are by far the most common types ) and they are downright pushy when it comes ... it's cool man :) for nighti well it also depends if you look at it from a socionics or mbti perspective . in mbti you only have 4 functions , and also in mbti the inferior is conscious ( which is very wierd and ... hiding feelings does not mean fi user ... you should choose your sources better . and as far as what he said , let's let him tell us what he meant . for me it was the phrase i am sure you can guess ... for : ok you got me : flatery always works :) ): ) ) well there are a lot of subtle details , but the thing that convinced me was this : i'm not sure . i'm having a hard time wrapping my brain ... hahaha i am still pretty sure about istp . i could go into a long argument about why he is fe inferior and not ne inferior , but the truth is that it does not matter . our sole purpose is to provide a ... well i have writen a very long post to support istp but it got deleted . so here is the short version : you are very analytical in anything you do ( even describing pictures ) , you seem to have ... not really . actually fe is all about sharing . as for your perception function , could you describe the way you take in information in real life ? do you think details are important ? do you try to be ... yeah i stick with infj :) no ma friend i am not playing puzzles . i am just saying that she is extraverted ( because she is completely focused on the outside world ) . also she feels good when others feel good , and that is fe ... for raichu every 1 doubts their type on some level , usually because the descriptions are kinda inaccurate and they tend to put too much trust in them . people are complicated , actually i feel it's ... i would actually say you are a ti dom . you really don't seem ni dom to me . probably istp because you a certain afinitty to adventure and seem very interested in just having fun and not caring . but ... ne doms and se doms typically display this trait . mhhh ... some kind of enfp or esfp . hard to decide . you seem extraverted and also seem to have fi secondary . that means ne dom or se dom . it is quite easy to confuse between the two of them , ... ok so i see a lot of fe all over your post , and at first you seemed introverted , but on a second thought you seem totally focused on the outside world ( how others feel , what others have to say , ... sorry , can you rephrase that ? yeah pretty much any sensoric part of a conflict . se inferiors are usually disturbed even by a harsh tones ( they think you scream at them - saw this a few times ; recently , i was kinda fustrated with ... :) i read your post 5 times to be sincere . please consider infj . you are clearly intuitive , but your intuition seems introverted to me , especially beacause of your why questions and your insistence ... if you ask me , isfp or esfp . not sure , i think esfp more likely . try figuring out if you are extraverted or introverted . i see no ne signs in anything you say but i see some se , especially in ... sounds more like a joke to me . i personally say a lot of things like that , but i rarely mean them . more often than not , they are half-jokes or ways to get a reaction from a person . when my father was possesed , satan stoled my sister and i went to hell to get her back . when i woke up i was scared as fuck and covered in sweat like i took a sweat bath or something ; could not sleep ... hell i will try it tonight ! souns like fun :) yeah ... you are probably right . could you give some examples ? yeah same here ... never thought about this but seems i have some simptoms . i always thought about it on the lines of hell this is how i am , can't help it . and no matter how much willpower i ... oh yeah and some people are simply wierd and take offense at anything even remotely negative . those are the people you should avoid . well simple question : do you even try to self-censor ? because if you don't , then that's a very good starting point and you should ignore the rest of my post . it's not like i don't say shit that ... just came home . now just chilling . and i have no idea what to do lol yeah kinda . to many things going on and no time to think . in big social settings i find it very hard to concentrate . yeah same here yeah ... well i don't hate esfjs at all , but truth is i kinda try to avoid them . what i don't like about them ? - bad taste in music ; if a song is on the radio then is very good ; to bad most of ... i think i got your answer . if i have been near someone when they needed me , and then when i am down and weak and all seems to fall apart and they are still near me , then i see that as loyalty and i ... '