' copy + paste lol . i have an addictive personality , and i'm open about that fact , so that my loved ones can help support me . i'm not addicted to any substances ( luckily i realized i was an addictive ... i do love learning for the sake of learning . i'm particularly interested in people oriented topics or grand novelty ( https://www.nytimes.com/2017/02/22/science/trappist-1-exoplanets-nasa.html?_r=0 ... 49 % enfp 13 % infp 11 % enfj 8 % entp 8 % infj fun =) ! hey ! i'm not sure if i have any good answers or suggestions , but i definitely struggle with this ! personally , all i want to do is be kind , make whatever positive impact i can , have positive ... hahaha , i just wanted to join in on the meetup.com recommendations ! meetups are a great way to find people interested in similar things or who talk about their interests in a way that's engaging ... haha hello out there ! ! ! here are some of the books i've checked out ! : 1 . please understand me ii by david keirsey ... i wonder if there are any s / n patterns as far as what people like about the games that they play ( as opposed to whether or not they play them in general ! ) . sometimes it seems like the what / whys ( what ... i think you're onto something there ! for example , i've noticed that there's obviously something really nice about having shared interests with your friends / fam / people in your life , but how you talk ... great topic ! ! i don't usually remember my dreams ! i am , however , an avid daydreamer ! i used to be a little worried i had a problem lol because i day dream a lot . if i don't have a specific task ... i really enjoyed it as well ! ! amazing visuals , as others have said ! i am also a big fan of both benedict and mads , so it was a treat to see both of them in this movie . i too wish mads had more screen ... i just shocked my cousin with how angry i can get hahaha ( thanksgiving dinner ... it gets crazy lol ) ! i'm going to show her this comment xd ! yes , your comment did help , thank you ! ! ! aw , nice thread :p eaceful : ! ! i'm really into my second life right now hahaha ( tv shows , books , movies , fandoms , etc . lol ) ! ! ! i'm not much of a gamer , but final fantasy xv is coming out in a few ... thank you for your nice response =D ! ! both infps and esfjs ( yeah enfjs too , but i'm an esfj so we'll go with that one ) are dominant judging types . yes , important point ! ! what the op said , ... that's what i was envisioning ! glad i understood the situation correctly ! i hope you two are making some progress in communicating ! ! ! i think this is one of the areas where i struggle most with myers-briggs ( e vs . i when the other letters are the same ) ! i've been focusing on strength / ease / order of the functions ( mainly the ... one of my best friendships was with an infj ! conversations with ne and ni in play were incredible ! and being feelers generally made us more sensitive to each other and people problems in the world ... saying that j's are / are not closed-minded is probably too general of a statement ! are you sure your friend is an enfj as opposed to an esfj ? any type can ruminate on the past of course , but it's ... have you tried answering the additional questions in the back of the book to break the tie ? if i remember the book correctly , there are some extra questions available if you score equally on the s / n ... ni and ne are both great for different reasons ( to repeat what everyone else is saying lol ) ! i have an infj friend , and we have some of the best conversation . i bring up points that he might not have ... symphonyinblue hahaha i only recently got into sherlock , so i'm happy so see a flutter of life on this thread lol ! i've only really put thought towards sherlock , john , and mycroft though . i agree , in ... dora great strategy ! ! ! talking out loud also helps me organize my thoughts , so that's a particularly good way to go about getting started ! practical support is definitely helpful ( you've mentioned you help with the dishes ) . i also appreciate it when someone helps me scale down my thinking and focus more on the next step as opposed ... ferroequinologist great response ! i think that's roughly how i explain my interest to others . it's definitely an imperfect and unreliable system , but it's helped me , and it's helped me help others ! i agree with everyone saying that you love who you love of course ! but i would say that i've had particularly happy experiences ( including friendships ! ) with intps , infjs , and intjs ! kestrel and arin ( the winner's curse , book series ) po and katsa ( graceling , book ) cinder and kai ( cinder , lunar chronicles book series ) bellamy and clarke ( the 100 , tv show ) sherlock and ... the first season of psycho-pass ( obsessed ! ! ) ! ! i'm always kind of watching naruto hahaha yona of the dawn ( almost done and super bummed that there's no season 2 ) like others have mentioned , i look at the letters xxx as a step towards the functions . i feel like the functions give me a fuller understanding of mb . i don't understand shadow functions yet , ... thanks for this post ! ! ! i also heard this podcast and have been thinking a lot about it ! ix92m about to post an essay : frustrating : ( itx 92s probably helping me think about the podcast / article more than ... enfp--hufflepuff , thunderbird =D ! i think mbti can play an important role in helping you communicate with , understand , and love your partner better . if you know your partner's type , and they know yours , i think it can help the ... hi there ! i'm still working on grasping the functions , so don't take what i say to be 100 % accurate ! ! in fact , i joined this site partly to improve hahaha ! so your question ! ti vs fi . to me it's ... '