' i am overwhelmed with misery and frustration . i feel powerless to control my life and trapped in a role i never wanted . i wish to live , but i feel that is a luxury reserved for the rich . the postman by david brin really made me rethink my anticipation of a cataclysm , and made me realize how much life means because of other people and kindness and interactions with them . stranger ... wait - as a model or as a consumer ? i haven't modeled for them , but i far prefer chaturbate . it's much less of a quid pro quo attitude there . the people come and go as they please , and the filters ... definitely not here in the us . ... i feel amazing . cheerful , upbeat , optimistic . yeah , that'll work . i wish i could afford and properly house a dog . not that my house is bad for a dog , but the hours i work can be crazy . it's annoying to deal with it and it's something i think i should address so we can get back to what i care about . the neediness stems from the length of time that i've gone without basically any actual intimacy or affection . when i have a girlfriend , i'm a much more stereotypical entp . as for the t / f ... hello there perc-ers . i'm dying here . well , it feels like it . i'm trapped in a shitty area where pseudoscience abounds and drugs are the activity du jour for most everyone . there's a university ... i met more people volunteering and joining clubs than i did anywhere else . one that i joined was all about helping teach at-risk youth about the outdoors , and i grew close with a lot of the ... my experience with dating sites is that if women aren't interested , they do not reply at all . congrats on the date though . 2 years on okcupid here and i just deleted my account . i got 1 date in all ... ok . didn't mean to say you're mistyped , as i can't really know that . it just seems that i see the sort of deep-thoughts that can't be expressed because language amont intps a lot . maybe they have ... this so much . sounds more like an intp problem , maybe . if you do something with better pay , will you gain ( enough ) more time to pursue something creative ? for example , if you can go from working 5 days a week for x money to working 3 days a week for the ... ohhh noooeees . this isn't the sex confession thread > . > just needed to edit the language a bit here ... long story short , i'm an entp sx / so . i used to be the jealous type . i've had a couple ... to get this jackass mooch boyfriend of my roommate's to move back out . he got back here from a seasonal job after she kicked him out months ago and hasn't done anything but play xbox all day ( like ... to fix my flippin car . it's only been down and out of action for like 4 months now ... > . < i'm having a really lonely couple weeks and would love to find a way to connect with an nf . :/ merp . helloooooooo ... welcome to perc ! i think it's a lot more accurate . a lot of the things i do are done because other people make me , not because it's how i'd prefer to do it . let me answer this simply : yes ! the only caveats i have to offer are this : 1 ) answer each question that says i usually ... as thought it says i'm happiest when i ... it makes the test more ... depressed as hell for some reason . love . and financial security . still working on tier 2 and 3 of the hierarchy of neeeds , much to my dismay . i understand , and i can relate a lot . i've spent most of the last 5 years incredibly lonely . the only thing that's helping is getting used to and happy to being alone . therapy helps a lot too , ... my throat hurts . but only on one side . and i have an extremely important interview i haven't prepared for much . i should be fine , but still . i would have started myself on some antibiotics i had ... * entp here * thought i'm an more of an ambivert ... trailer parks are pretty bad . jails and courthouses are a close second . those sad bedraggled petting zoos too and , last but not least , those ... jeez , where did you all go to school ? the largest class i've ever been in was a combined lecture of ~ 90 students and that was split into 3 lab times and classes . the word narcotic is a very fuzzy term . like most words , definitions and usage of it vary from population to population . the original usage meant any drug that makes you sleepy . marijuana is ... can we end this debate about whether or not a college degree is valuable right now ? http://www.census.gov/prod/2012pubs/acsbr11-04.pdf obviously , and with hard science to back it up , a degree ... marijuana doesn't fit into one class of drug . it's a stimulant , depressant , and lastly a hallucinogen . it also has quite the opiod-like effect on most people . b3lial my only advice is to have ... i should have also mentioned that my # 1 like is telling me a story i haven't heard before . actually , that is a recent development . a lot of people who started in the engineering field 40 years ago don't have a degree - electrical engineering among them . can we agree to this - having a ... you're assuming that a college degree is a requirement . this is basically propaganda . there are lots of semi-skilled jobs that you can train for and get into within a year that pay around $ 20 an ... i used to think that , but i've found that , like there are no translations for certain words from another language ( schadenfreude for example ) , there are no concise ways to convey some ideas expressed ... like : novel ideas , witty conversation , conversation written in italics and without names when it's clear who's speaking , plot twists , the unexpected , characters who are logical but still human , ... i can't tell you exactly what the job market is like , but i think pure math actually has an employability advantage over applied math because it's more theoretical and less technical . i know a lot of ... this might be why entps get along with infjs so well ... 170074 this redwood was exceptionally soft . no :) i could find a balanced and safe place for any number of things in my life . like parasailing , knitting , running backwards , baking bread , and so on . but i don't feel the need . now , i'll ... a welder so i can fix my car . and a shop to use it in . and a bunch of money . uh . that's all i can think of for now . oh , and a wonderful affectionate strong intelligent woman to love me . weed has withdrawals too . they're not life-threatening seizures , but they're enough that numerous ( like twenty ) people who i know who are heavy smokers ( i know about 100 ) told me they tried to quit ... welll then . i got a nice surprise when i got to work today ! 1 ) the smug idiot who i was working with got canned for erratic behaviour . ( though that means he can't cover my shifts for # 2 ) 2 ) ... rules ( and laws ) are for people who can't think for themselves and exercise judgment . wow . you could say the same thing about every other drug used . it's on the same level , if not worse than alcohol , if you ask me . true , you won't die if you od on pot , but you can psychologically ... inb 4 means someone is about to say it , so i'm going to put my mark right here before anyone does . it's a prediction . i know you can get addicted . inb 4 can't get addicted . if i had the money , i would already be gone . so , i graduated with a ba in applied math in december , and through some being dicked around didn't end up moving out of my podunk isolated community . there has been exactly 1 job i've seen come up ... not taking care of your responsibilities - like taking care of your kids , pets , home , etc - because you're couchlocked is neglect . ( not you specifically . ) '