' i didn't mean me ( first person ) as leslie . i in no way take anything here on perc any more serious than i would wikipedia . ha , i got it . good one . yes . slippery slope . no . i was making what's called , a ' joke ' . play on the term ' dim sum ' ( dem some , them some ) . because dim sum uncultured fucktards working the cash register . tired of users coming into the entj sub shop trying to get us to be anything other than entjs . i don't go to mcdonalds and say ' bitch , make me some dim sum ' . dear enfj , your feelings , are not facts . your assertions need no place on my agenda . there is nothing ' wrong ' with me , with what or how i feel , or with the way i do things . it's not your ... landed the histology lab assistant position with the local hospital network . cigar free now over a month . let's celebrate . drinks on me - - - and brief me on the deliciousness of every ... saw a mosquito in our kitchen window . me to intp flatmate-turned-minion : ' be careful ... it's warm . the zika's are starting to hatch ' intp : ' and by that you mean , ' mosquitos ? ' ' shit ... that's ... you want to punch your colleagues / supervisor if they tell you one more time ' hey leslie ... pay more attention to detail ' does it really matter if i use the ball point or the gel ? the ink isn't ... with sticks , third world flog - - - oh . ohh . right . * lowers club * right this way ... i think had one too many * laughing * don't mind me . i'm only doing your job for you - entj * annoyed * http://uploads.tapatalk-cdn.com/20160409/7630fba66200606722b0dfc4722437df.jpg hmm . 1 . talk to myself . thinking out loud . a lot . 2 . intimately , i'm a submissive . 3 . when it comes to validation of intellectual competence in workplace environments - - - i really do care ... fuck an estp . excuse me . dear estp , the entj is taller , more ambitious , and less obnoxious . therefore i cancelled my date with you and went to his place for the night . sorry for your ... you're used goods ; a free - milked cow . a contingency when he wants more than his hand . move on got caught doing unmentionable things only jesus will ever know with only mary magdalene would know who with . got sent to the principal's . kindly reminded him my mom's on the board that ... ' least common ' stereotype ? but if it's a stereotype isn't it a common assumption ? where are you getting the list ? just ones you've heard or was one posted in the sub ? pls elaborate . ha . wild & conniving , but with great grades & president of every club i was in ( except academic competition team - - conflicted with my job as hospital lab assistant at the time ) . you are so into this chick , kid . smitten's written all over your face . [ emoji 41 ] fe . two things here - 1 . ) your first sentence is a lie , because your second sentence told on you . 2 . ) why is it your place to control how she ' ought ' to be ? based on who's standards ? ew . more fe ... directed at the situation ; to no one in particular . my brief commentary on it before moving on with my day / night . welcome , re : mallorca . oops ! didn't mean to click ' report ' . i meant to click ' quote ' . x - axis = time , y - axis = qualitative condition of the relationship . interesting . i recently started dating men ; was discussing the ' crossover ' with a fellow entj . my experience , in sum : ( see ... 1 . say ' wow ' in a sarcastic undertone . 2 . palma de mallorca , en islas de bal . move into a spare room in the villa where my sister lived . i loved the small - town atmosphere , and on mallorca you're ... 3 . dear estp guy who randomly met me through a comment on a friends status and asked me out , yes . i'll go play cards against humanity with you at the pub next weekend . get a group together . make it ... or responding to things in lists / outline in general . why didn't you come over last night ? first of all , i didn't want to . second , i was stuck at work late ... etc . indicative of insecurity and low self worth ; therefore unattractive . so many positive residual benefits come out of the celebration of a life well lived . or , on the flip - a death out of circumstances more tragic . when my uncle passed of cancer when i was 6 i didn't ... you ask ' wtf ' in a ' random thoughts , tangents ' thread . so - - right back at you . my idea of an egg hunt : distribution of my ova to fertility clinics nationwide . wait 9 months . visit the nursery wards within close proximity to each clinic , compare the phenotypic ... mom = infj . remind me of cats . - sometimes appears to be an extrovert . - very intuitive when it comes to ' hunches ' - especially about her kids . - values above all else ( her moral code / religious ... ... you say / do what most won't , therefore you achieve what most can't . getting great news from you guys = torture . well as you know , we've been trying for a while now , and i'm finally pleased to announce that - - - you're pregnant ! congrats ! due date ? ' ... everything else , yes . roaches the size of a small bird , with two people with compromised respiratory function living in the unit , no . da bitch was the size of a small bird . i'm not getting roach viscera on my footwear and / or person . chemically burning was the next best option . evidently i left my trifecta of pentobarbital , ... intp : aah ! palmetto bug ! entj : kill it ! intp : but if i kill it , it will die . then my little friend will be dead . * intp steps over bug , walks in room , closes door * ten min later ... entj : ... dear enfj - why's it take you 10 words to say what i can in 3 ? can we hurry this up please . thanks ! - entj this . it's why i'm selling my business and going back to school for clinical laboratory scientist . was going to do nursing because of the bls projected salary difference of $ 15,000 annually - - but ... none , when they're not stoned . my last dating experiences , from most recent to oldest : entj - present entp infp - second longest intj entj-longest estj intp infj entj why use dating sites for finding the ' right one ' , when serology & hematology are much more accurate . let me draw a vial first . if i haven't called back for a second date in 5-7 days - - - call ... - smithsonians - run stairs at the jefferson - jog at the mall by the washington mon - the spy museum is rediculous if you ( or anyone ) do / es come to dc and you need itinerary suggestions , ... i'm not rich by most standards . however , when financially necessary i made shit happen . in college ? rent was due ? i'd ... - throw a keg party and charge cover . - find discarded ikea stuff on the ... all the best , sigmund . * raises glass * you're an enfj . okay , so you primarily operate with fe . so i think what might be going on is you're looking to create harmony and cohesion . just remember not everyone operates like that - - ... if you enjoy challenges , but ' understanding your feelings ' isn't one of them . bullshit . you just spent two thread pages seeking help because your friends aren't supportive . you can't even be honest with yourself about what you want and need from your friendships , which ... when you start walking on eggshells around someone , it's time to move on . '