' im not on acid . alassea replies did it hurt the last time you tried this line and got rejected ? the fi really does care about values , morals , caring , but the ne is much stronger and ne is all about finding new possibilities and options . this is really bothering me , i need to do ... oh , i got a ... how much abuse each person can endure varies greatly . one person could endure a smaller amount of bullying and be devastating and another could get bullied worse and not get too bothered by it ... i'd add that the enfp might then list a bunch of different possibilities . many personality types would say they can't know , few would come up with some other explanations . you mean you aren't actually planning on getting rid of one of your functions and posting it on ebay ? exclamation marks are cool . one of your teachers hated you ? i ’ d instantly dislike the teacher and work on my evil stare for class . someone gave you a kitten for your birthday ? pet the kitten and teach it how to dance , then ... how long do you meditate ? does anyone know how the wealthiest 10 % of americans do compared to wealthiest 10 % of other countries ? this could give us an idea of how good american private schools really are . washington moving from election mode to governing mode . being a politician is one of the few jobs where after you are hired ( elected ) you spend more time trying to get re-hired ( re-elected ) than ... thanks for the assignment i am supposed to provide : name , organization and position / role of the person responding . i can probably be vague on some of those , such as if you don't want to provide ... yeah , finding business executives who would want to answer these type of questions from strangers is not easy . i don't know any executives and messaging businesses would just view this as spam . i ... for my consumer behavior class i am supposed to ask an executive or manager a couple questions and then do analysis of the answers . i would greatly appreciate it if someone could help me out . if you ... enfps are amazing and special people , fortunately so is everyone else . what are your favorite podcasts ? personalityhacker for mbti , fivethirtyeight for politics , bill barbell for football are mine . what is an fi dom way to spend money ? i can see ne being spent in a ton of different ways . anybody up for some skype chatting ? my skype name is : ksperfection i went to a bible study where everyone was sensors . the hosts would spend hours figuring out what bible verses went , implications of them , what questions to ask . for most questions i would instantly ... here's an article that discusses this . how to tell if an enfp likes you ( as told by 32 enfps ) | thought catalog i loved katherine , she was my favorite character . hated that she died and especially how she did , just giving up and letting it happen . of course with this show they could just find a way to bring ... well the fish net response falls under the curiosity sphere as it certainly isn't under the helpful one . buy a giant net . go to the tallest building and toss it over a crowded street . if you are afraid of heights or don't know where your closest fisherman equipment shop is , you can try the much ... i am the giver of life the foundation of this world itx 92s creatures live in me or through me i give life to barren worlds i tame fires , ignite waterfalls i am life next theme : hope was i the only one who jacked off after watching this video ? just kidding . for meditation , how long do you meditate for ? i find anything more than seven minutes and i start to get irritated and ... double post . sometimes ill use the logline generator and write a couple scenes for really bizarre and funny ones . the question should be , is there anything you do routinely that you don't get bored with ? i love taylor swift , kelly clarkson and other girlie pop artists . especially fast paced songs , don't care for most slow songs ones . i dislike most rock artists . wonder how common this is for enfp ... i'll take a 10 % commission for having the idea :) if logic doesn't work , maybe you could feelings more , talk about how it hurts and you don't feel respected or cared about when someone takes your stuff and doesn't bother to return it . doubt it ... i couldn't say that with a straight face . you should get a pound of basil and sell it for $ 1000 . it's a trap ! entps don't summit anybody . spastic origami are these canadians also big fans of herman cain , ben carson , ted cruz and marco rubio ? or is there love of minorities only restricted to liberals ? structure can be many different types . you could have certain tasks that must be completed in a day , but you have freedom to choose the order you want and how you do them . i kind of like this broad ... i do 5-10 minutes of meditation every day and it definitely helps to calm me a bit , not just when i do it , but for the rest of the day . i sit outside when it's not too cold and just focus on ... a lot of illegal immigrants are from other central american countries . the us would still be dealing with illegal immigrant problems , just with a border further south . for many years i thought i was an isfp . i am anxious about being center of attention , dislike meeting new people , but i came to realize that this was due to low self-esteem and insecurities . i really ... ten years in high school i graduated with 80 % and was diagnosed with depression . in first semester of university i struggled with some depression and got 59 % with one failed class . in second semester ... estps stand out as having very high opinions of themselves . yup , that makes sense . nfps are thinking about the future and many possibilities . they are more prone to consider if i do this , then i can't do this or this will be repercussions of this action . sfps ... in what way does judgement against others manifest itself in your own perception and the resulting actions that would alienate others ? you should try reading the enfp survival guide . it talks about how to restore enfp different functions . for developing your fi , it gives suggestion such as : take time to process your feelings , ... people value different areas of intelligence . esfj will likely value social skills and intelligence as more important than abstract reasoning , which iq tests measure . nts will more likely judge it on ... depends who is sitting on them . or an ne might think , why are we even talking about a stupid table , let's talk about something more interesting , ie anything else . personality junk to the rescue ! you could try hypnosis . i like those from andrew johnson . i use the confidence or positivity for interviews . he offers some for free so you can try those out to see if his tone / style works for ... you should see if you have government agencies that can give interview prep and mock interviews for free . i did that and noticed that others had very negative tones that would turn off interviewers ... '