' i have an esfp best friend , which is a pretty different dynamic , but people used to mistake us for a couple all the time . there's a lot of miscommunication between us if we aren't careful , and i ... i think it's more about which parts of yourself you value being balanced . a j probably should make the most sense for me , a super-flaky p , but i've never been attracted to that . i keep going ... it's been about 6 months since my dad died . there was a lot of embracing the grief in the first few months , but i'm so much more functional now that i'm doing the 9 avoidance thing . not that it ... agh , preach . i completely agree . i wish there was a way to get people to respond with more than , i know but most of the time islamic people [ something racist ] when they're reminded that extremism ... i'm constantly envious of people with a natural drive . why don't i have any motivation , and how the hell do i get some ? : unsure : hah , i think what you call human decency , i call basic respect . (: mm , there is a definite difference in the base amount of rights women have in some parts of the world , but it's often so ... agh , exactly . it makes no sense to me that people fighting for the rights of one group would ignore the rights of another group . hypocritical and awful.it especially makes no sense when you consider ... yo . do some reading . real feminists are not only crusading for women's rights . you're getting stuck on the semantics and misconceptions . feminism : it ’ s good for men , too although , i'll note that ... i used to feel rather ambivalent about all things political - i understood the importance , but didn't care to have it impacting my life much . i've gotten far more activist in recent years , although ... hey , intp dude ! i'm currently dating one of you , so obviously i like your type quite a bit . i'm not certain why intjs are praised as the best match for our type - i guess having a j around is more ... man , that sounds awful . i'm not in grad school , so i don't have any specific advice , but it sounds like it's either time to seriously change how you're approaching grad school , or switch to something ... very insightful ! thanks for sharing . gorgeous , thanks . dude , i'd say being a 7 explains it all . when enneagram type and mbti type are looked at together it can explain a lot of inconsistencies . maybe try finding other exxj 7s to see how the contradictory ... i wouldn't describe many cult leaders as main stream , but somehow both are typical behavior descriptions for enfjs . (: fe is definitely able to be off-beat and rebellious . behaviors are less ... try looking into the enneagram . what seemed to be weird mbti behaviors for me turned out to be entirely typical for my enneagram type . of course , it's possible you're not an infp at all , but you ... we're all human . sometimes we just like to pretend that the images we project and the stereotypes we cling to matter more . it's natural ( albeit naive and problematic ) for people to try to fit ... i much prefer the type descriptions that lump us in with the entps . those always highlight our curiosity and intuition over our adorkable quirks and love of all things fluffy . actually , i just ... yeah , i have that exact train of thought a lot . despite the apathy , i have to say i appreciate feeling on level with a dust speck . it's weirdly freeing and makes it a lot easier to focus on what ... left brain right brain 31 % - - - 69 % you are more right-brained than left-brained . the right side of your brain controls the left side of your body . in addition to being known as ... it's ironic we have such trouble with motivation when we're amazing at inspiring it . i mean , sometimes . i've related a few times on semi-spooky levels to people on here - 974 tritypes , mainly - but most of the enfps i know in real life are pretty different . we relate in a lot of ways ... yep ! my grandma once told me that , as a toddler , i used to rearrange everything in her house to be in straight lines . while i can be horrifyingly messy , i'm either that or ridiculously neat . i never ... there have been a lot of studies on how too many choices are paralyzing for a lot of people . a few options feels like freedom ; too many is license to screw up . for me , it helps to remember that ... my first roommate was an estp . she was friendly , loud , and unapologetic . people were always over - most of them rude to me on one level or another - but we got on well enough when it was just the two ... naw dude , a lot of us go through this awkward stage . i still only feel like an extrovert around introverts most of the time . but college , by forcing you to constantly interact with your own age ... well , i don't organize to keep things orderly . my room usually looks wonderful and then has hidden explosions in all the drawers . i'm neat because i like the aesthetic value . considering my ... hah , my infj best friend has the messiest environment . it always made me laugh to hear that she's supposed to be neat just because she's a j . my enfj mom is a little neater - because that's the ... it doesn't matter what the types are , just balance ' em out . they can go well together , but conflict is interesting . if you have two ps and one j , things will move with banter . if you have two js ... just out of curiosity , which forums ? i somehow only found aim-esque chatrooms when i was looking . clearly , my googling is not up to snuff . unfortunately , much of your studying is going to be boring . languages require memorization . that's what i'm worst at , but i've found flashcard apps and games ( like matching ) make the drudgery a ... hah , it's funny looking back at that post now that i thankfully no longer care . it'll either work out or get easier . (: either way , it'll be interesting . i agree that culture is the real barrier , especially if it comes with differences in language . things getting lost in translation , so to speak , seriously hinders relationships . however , there's ... this post sums up my life philosophy , though i don't believe understanding breeds fondness for all people . some are less empathic than others . however , it definitely makes love easier , and that's ... i'm not generally mistaken , type-wise . i just wanted to say most infjs i know don't have obvious j-isms - i think all that is much more extroverted j . most infjs i know and love have insanely messy ... i'm often inspired at the worst moments - when i need to get something important and imminent dealt with . xd my difficult yet hopeful periods are likely my most creative . there's reflecting , and there is wallowing . reflecting i'd usually describe like how you put it . i think was thinking of the more negative reflections , where it gets repetitive and sinks ... enfp passing through . i got istp , weirdly . i'd be more interested in seeing what answers resulted in what . but , eh , probably bs . i haven't made tangible lists and such , but whenever i make a mistake - aka whatever i arbitrarily decide is incorrect behavior - the shame echos around my head for days . i also get much more ... it's terrible - embarrassment as a form of humor is so alien to me . i have to hide in shoulders or leave rooms , even when it's just fictional characters . i base my self worth almost entirely on the success of my accomplishments at any given moment . mentally kicking myself for saying i'm free . in my defense , i didn't think your plan was going to suck . adsjfkdjflk where would you live ? ever changing . what would you live in ? something small enough to travel often . whatx 92s your transportation ? a dragon . what would you create / do that would change the ... giggle . trip . get overly excited about mundane activities . hah , i was waiting for this joke as soon as i saw the title . ( but not all of us love intjs best ! c ;) i actually connect with others very easily . i just lose track easily , as well . your life is based around a lie right now , but somehow you'll get through that . don't stop taking photos ; it helps . you said it perfectly . i can and do say i love you rather flippantly to people and easily to close friends and family . although my dad hardly ever uses the phrase - it still surprises me when he ... i tend to find a trait appealing because of people i've liked , rather than the other way around . still , the general pattern seems to be a charismatic smile , a strong jaw , and some lankiness . friends ... hah , i prefer to think it's that most don't care . which would be fine , except that many uninformed vote anyway . and as for too many blaming the president over congress , i agree completly . however , ... i quite like partying - the best nights always involve meeting fun people and unexpectedly bonding . dancing is also lovely , as it removes any chance of awkward conversation . and , well , it's dancing ... '