' if enfps are the most introverted extroverts does that make the infps the most introverted introverts ? if enfps are the most introverted extroverts does that make the infps the most introverted introverts ? http://youtu.be/YtXZPFNhCuc why do i fall in love with every woman i see who shows me the least bit of attention ? wow , that is eerie how incredibly familiar all of that sounds to me . walking into hallmark sucks all the life outta me . i want to just lay down on the floor as soon as i get in there . it's my kryptonite ... http://youtu.be/B3d_MLpx2Y0 the_wanderer that is one of my favorite songs of all time ! ! ! great pick ! that would definitely explain why i like john's writings the best ! i love golf and ping pong and pretty much any sport ! i know most people say it's boring and yada yada yada , but it just depends who you play with . i have a great time playing golf with my friends ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iD3kOxZ_gak&feature=share&list=PL2A0F3F6183029B94 you are so right ! this summer i've been thinking about soo many things i want to learn to do ! cook , play ukulele and madolin , learn spanish and italian , build a greenhouse for the winter , paint a ... haha ! that is spot on ! i literally have 5 books that i have started reading laying next to my bed , but there is another one that i really wanna start to read , but i feel like i shouldn't because i ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1g9Hs3rnd6s&feature=share&list=FL_VvdiZen6emma2Zw6iC-LA when you really like someone ( or in love with someone ) , how do you act around your object of affection ? i just want them to be near me , and knowing that they want to be near me as well . i like ... so you have some awesome taste in music ! i have literally had zee avi concrete wall on repeat all day . she has such an amazing voice ! i'd agree with you on liking the composers from the romantic ... it is so incredibly hard to only post one a day ... just sayin : laughing : her voice haunts my dreams :) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Piw0nZ5rhK4&list=FL_VvdiZen6emma2Zw6iC-LA&index=1 for me to be genuinely interested in another person , i'd have to first feel like they have a genuine personality : they are unique - just happy being themselves good sense of humor they have ... probably somewhere in the caribbean , south america , italy or cali ... well basically if i had the money i would just travel non-stop ... : happy : leaving work to start the weekend , waterparks , autumn , summer , mountains , laughing with friends , family , singing super loud in the car ( complete with air guitar and drum solos ) , rollercoasters , beer , ... that particular enfp sounds like they don't have any balance in any aspect of their life . i hope it was more of a joke then anything or maybe they just got out of a bad relationship . i felt like ... this is one of the funniest threads i've read ! ! ! : laughing : what even made you think of that ? you are so random ... why are you always pacing why are you doing ___ ? can't you just sit still ! ! ! my style is the same . i'd rather be comfortable then on top of what is fashionable . i don't normally express myself through my clothes , but it has happened on occasion . i just don't think i have ... why can't you be more like ___ ? that is hilarious . i'm only good at flirting if i'm not really interested in the person . if i actually like the girl i'm all like ...  ... http://youtu.be/mxF3M6uePfs yiiikes ... how does that even make sense ? ? ! ? ? i just need to find someone grounded i think . i'm terrible at doing the normal responsible things . it would a blast to meet another enfp , but i wonder if we'd get anything done besides have ... i was leaving work last night and i felt super amped , ready to get into some crazy fun . then i realized it was 3:30 am and all my friends are in bed ... lame . also , while at work tonight i heard ... i definitely do a lot of teasing or self deprecating humor . i ask a lot of questions and try to make good eye contact and keep her smiling . if that doesn't work i throw sticks at her and then ... i love your signature ! that is exactly how i feel about opening up that part of me to someone else . they better realize just how special they are to get a glimpse of it ! : happy : sometimes when i'd invite a bunch of friends over and something in me would switch and i would just want to be alone for a while . so i would disappear into the basement or other area and just kinda ... http://youtu.be/-tRdBsnX4N4 if it's a bad relationship the way that is most effective for me to handle it is to distance myself from people that are causing the anxiety or negative emotions . they obviously aren't contributing ... i probably do 2 , 5 and 8 the most . with a light dusting of a few of the others :p roud : yeah , it can suck because there will be times where i really want to open up to someone and i worry about getting burned by them or that they just want to see the side of me that is always happy and ... don't make such big life decisions based just on feelings ! ! ! i love seeing compassion , gentleness and understanding in another person . they are beautiful qualities to have in my opinion :) i love to get other people to open up to me , but i rarely let people see me as open with them . how to make friends i never wait till the last minute to write papers / study / work i'm too goal oriented sitting still is fun ! i hate little household chores . getting motivation to clean anything , putting clean dishes away , folding laundry , putting things away when i'm finished using them ... i do all these things , but it's ... bruce springsteen - i'm on fire i love smells ! i love the smell of fresh cut hay , cut grass , honeysuckle , rain , autumn , mountain air , farms , campfires , and soo much more ! ! ! 71 % physical touch 44 % words of affirmation 34 % giving gifts 14 % acts of service just a handsy enfp : tongue : j / k i'm so terrible at this too ! ! ! : laughing : wow , i was the same way throughout college . it was soo tough because everyone seemed to have an epiphany and know exactly what they wanted to do and how to do it . and i'm all like , i have no clue ... i was exactly the same as your brother when i was in high school ! when i was at home i didn't really talk much to my family and spent my time in the basement listening to music / playing ... '