' it is my girlfriend's mom's birthday tomorrow and i'm trying to come up with something to get her . we're both pretty quiet individuals so i haven't had much of a chance to get to know her and i ... i'd say richard is pretty clearly infp . julian is maybe entp though it's hard to tell . i used to hate criticism , but now i accept it as an important part of my life . however , i always consider the relationship of the person i am directing disagreement towards , not for my own sake but ... i'm in the process of quitting weed right now . weed also makes me paranoid around people , except a few close friends . i recommend smoking alone . i tend to be in my own world when i'm high with ... what said . it's even kinda funny . more comedy than tragedy . i'm an enneagram type 5w4 and always get pretty low f when i take the myer briggs . i act like an intp in person . i am addicted to reading and learning and expanding my idea of the human condition ... the obvious one : masturbation . a degree from a university doesn't make him or anybody intelligent . he's stupid for going into the forest with meager supplies ( aquired by civilization ) and then dying because he didn't know about ... i find this song really overwhelming , especially at the end : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=32dLVXMzgTg deerhunter - twilight at carbon lake despite all the talk of weed not being addicting , i am a mental weed-addict . not to say that anything is wrong with smoking weed , but i use weed as a crutch to detach and stimulate mental activity ... oh well , i wouldn't want those jobs anyway . fuck jobs man . i've had lucid dreams just like that , where i spin around my room and it is really intense . sometimes i can fall into a trap where i'm not even in a body , but different images and colors are flying ... i don't . ; o for me personally , i have a strong dislike of competition , so could never make it . but , don't put yourself in a box with typing . do what you want to do , though knowing oneself is important also . for ... for me , change melancholy to the absurd or surreal and it's spot on . i plan on being a literature professor . :D i'm currently majoring in english , with a minor in philosophy . i too want to be a professor . lost it to my girlfriend when i was 17 , a couple days after my birthday . we had been together for three months , so it was kinda fast , but we stayed together for two years . another two years passed ... that's what i was thinking . especially for an age where entertainment has become so personal . you can choose from hundreds of channels based upon your own interest , browse sites of your interest , ... i guess not everyone would , but i believe some people would become addicted . so , when a reliable dream machine is invented and we have the ability to maintain regular lucid dreaming lives , will many people abandon reality and primarily live inside their dreams ? maybe people ... does your enfj tend to shower you with attention / affection ? not nesisarily , beause she knows this can make me a little uncomfortable . but she knows when it's important to compliment me . when i'm ... i'm a strong believer in mind = matter . i've never seen / heard / experienced anything to make me think otherwise . yeah , but don't bang your head against a brick wall too hard . i'm planning on traveling this summer with two friends to colorado and was wondering if anybody knew of any good travel sites / guides for traveling cheap . also , any advice is welcome . i think it's mostly because i'm quiet . people don't know what i'm thinking so they worry i'm judging them . i've often noticed that people can't look me in the eye . if i'm in a three way conversation , ... i don't talk much . i perused through his blog and honestly didn't find anything particularly insightful . like others have said , he is trying much too hard and it shows . you are 36.1 % good . you are 12.8 % lawful . alignment : neutral good you do the best good that a person could be expected to do . you are devoted to helping others . you are willing to ... i'm also low on advice , but i believe it helps to hear that somebody can relate . i used to be depressed and am still on anti-depressant medication . it has helped a ton and i feel totally different ... i totally second annie clark . she is amazing : http://blog.newsok.com/staticblog/files/2011/08/Annie-Clark-2.jpg the dirty projectors also as a whole are an amazingly attractive band : ... i've currently reentered a relationship with an enfj that ended two years ago . i think enfjs are great matches for infps . like another person has states , she's the only person who i feel has ... my favorite area to travel is the northwestern rocky mountain region of the united states . the wilderness in colorado , wyoming and montana is breathtaking and i love the ample space the area ... i am 75 % infp if i consider the cognitive functions solely , as i kind of balance myself between using fi and ti . when it comes to reading descriptions of infp and relating myself to the rest of ... this is one of the biggest things that make me question whether i'm f or t . i like to be able to defend my beliefs . however , that doesn't mean i always do and i don't impose them on others . sometimes ... nah , i'm serious most of the time anyway . the only time i do anything similar is when i lose track of what a person is saying and begin to smile and nod , only to find that it's nothing to smile ... i don't get called nice very often , but i wouldn't really mind if somebody did . i assume that it's a compliment with good intentions and i don't care too much . none of my close friends really ... i'd like to hear somebody justify the superiority of their subjective taste . i used to believe i had better taste until i tried to prove it . btw , just joking about the cool thing ;) no thanks , i'd rather be cool . yeah , we are primarily fi , a judging function . only the green . edit : seriously though , i couldn't stand the thought of paying a company to kill me ( or the product to kill myself ) enough to start . infps are capable of such awkwardness ! ( especially in a forum full of eachothers ! ) i love it ! which is precisely the reason i'll avoid one night stands . i can't thing of anything much more awkward . and i'm somehow interested again ... hmm , on second thought , my brain was stuck in forum mode . it may be far more awkward to be in front of a person explaining such things . no kidding . the act of finding oneself really has the potential of ruining ones purity . huh , sounds fascinating . i've been sitting for the past couple of hours . so , i went nowhere during this conversation . i second this . for me , it depends heavily on how much sex has been had recently . i went nowhere . you lost me ? edit : sex is a gross , kinda funny little act . '