' wow ! that's very idealistic of you . this chick has used me and other mutual friends before for her needs that she deceived us into believing were beyond her control until we found out we were all ... sheet , i don't blame you . if it's awkward , it sucks . exing her out is best , i'd say . anyone that makes me feel uneasy ( besides bosses ) get exed out . anyone i can't reallly talk to get put on the ... my fellow enfps might hate me because i'm older than them with waaayyy more experience than them . they seem like children to me sometimes . wtf ? maybe i'm not an enfp , or just an adult in her ... this thread looks like a freakin huggables ( look it up young ones ) convention . yes , i like hugs too , but that's not porn , k . yeah , i'm an in your face enfp . that's how i roll . lame ! ! ! i like my porn nutty and slutty . he needs a confidante , and he does not feel that he can do that with you . let him know that he can do that with you without judgment . oh no ! as an enfp that has done this before ( held things in ) , i will say that i believe it is self destructive because , like a volcano or steam engine with built up energy with no release , there ... well , not all of us are jerks . i mean , i have tortured myself for being rude , or what i perceived as mean plenty of times . classes ... ah you make me want to go back to school . i already got a ... oh wow , yes . i have made some excuses for her behavior such as the other stressors in her life , and i think i am holding on to that person i have known to be good natured . it's just not showing up ... hahaha ! ok , i'll stop . oh wow , yeah i could see why you would not want that dude in your apartment while your trying to study or sleep perhaps lol . people do change , though . all we can do accept that and move on . oh man , what a downer . i can only imagine :( i guess i feel that because ca friend and i have been through so much together , i do not want to lose her as a friend , but at the same time i'm shocked and unnerved by her actions toward our mutual ... i hear ya , king . i have friends , but i would like someone i can just sit around with and cuddle , hold hands , and share my inner most self with . i went to dinner with friends last week , and it was ... oh no , i did not mean to suggest that all bps were cruel . i should have worded that to include that she has all these other stressors in her life and that perhaps it is overwhelming her as a bpi . i ... lol sorry about all that tx / ca stuff . well , i ultimately did tell the mean friend that she was being cruel and a user . i just could not hold back . she thinks she has had a rough life , which she ... i'm having a bit of a moral dilemma here . i have a friend that i have known since i was 11 . we have had intermittent contact over the years , but it has been much more regular in the past few . well , ... you are most welcome ! my advice to the young ones . never show your true self while out in your job . yes , be the personable entity that you are , but do not got very personal . people will not understand your lives ... is it not the beauty of being an enfp that one cannot be stereotyped by appearance ? blending in , chameleonlike-adaptable . i thought that was the true ability of enfp-change and adaptation . not ... more ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VrpGhEVyrk0 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vQVeaIHWWck http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BpeWHPtviFQ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sO5APfKnR50 long and short answer : you are not ready for any kind of long-term commitments at this point in your life . i always find it best to let someone know this at the start so they know where i stand . hmmm , you may be correct , but how well was psychoanalysis working before cbt ? from my understanding , not so well because the phobias were not really understood all that well in the first place . what do you mean by more standardized ? do you mean that it is in use much more often ? please expound . well , i can definitely agree with that statement . different animal indeed :) i'm always apologizing for my lack of attention to spelling . i tyoe fast and often miss a few words here and there , but as a college educated man , i believe you will get the gist . it was hip ? weird , we just read some of his writings and made our own anyses about what it has to do with today . nah , man , my ideas about freudstarted at an early age . i became curious about him ... my problem as well . lol ! that was funny , king :) i love my dog whom which king of dreams resembles . sometimes i find myself wishing to be more grounded . in fact , i find myself not even knowing what that means . nay . i do not suffer from high self-esteem . i say suffer from because those with high self-esteem are disbaled when it comes to humilty which many a human encounter requires . i suffer from low ... i tried keeping a journal once , but i kept having to insert sentences in between other sentences once i remembered something i forgot to put in the original paragraph . it ended up looking like child ... i guess i'm lucky in that most people i talk to ( on a personal level ) understand where i'm going with my thoughts because they have witnessed my all over the place branching off several times lol . is that what keeps taking my llighters ? ;) some people believe that this scatterbrain phenomenon is a result of simply not taking things into consideration , being all over the place . i agree with the being all over the place part . however , ... it is difficult for me to take much that has come from freud seriously . the dude was obsessed with dreams and found sexuality to be the root of so many of life's frustrations and happiness . ... yes , actually , a bit more in sf . perhaps it is your location . san francisco is absolutely awesome ; however , it's very expensive . i loved living there , but i also wanted to have money in my savings account lol . i'll never regret ... yeah , i can get emotive about certain things and / or issues . it just depends on strongly i feel about it . hahaha ! your boyfriend sounds like my ex-boyfriend ( no , his fliping out had nothing to do ... oh wait ... warning , warning ... bars are usually not a good place to find a partner unless you are looking for a friend with priviledges or a partner in crime lol . you can find a real relationship in ... live shows / concerts , little bars , little not-popular coffee shops . me and my enfp friends tend to like a place that is a bit off-beat . bars and coffee shops that play interesting music , whether it ... right on chinotto ans sundancer . i dig your posts ! well , you all know we are all mutts , right ? i had a physical anthropology professor once who said this , there is no such thing as pure race . anyone who says there is is full of shit . ever since ... no , it's just that the mescalero live not far from the city i'm from , and there are many mexicans in the area too . you would not happen to live in nm , would you ? i really don't know , myself . i have studied various cultures as i studied anthropology . i recall thinking that i'd hate to be a woman in some of those cultures . i am latina ; however , i don't look ... i agree ... pills . too many pills ! whoa ! ! ! lots of bipolar ii and dyslexia . i do not believe i have been properly diagnosed . i have been diagnosed with general panic disorder , major depression , with a side of ptsd . yes , sure doc ... '