' infjs tend to see the problems of the people they care about as their own problem . what makes this so frustrating is we have no control over those problems , so we take on a lot of the stress of it ... i think it's important not to rely too heavily on ni . intuition is very susceptible to bias , even if it is well-developed . it's okay to value your intuition , as long as you acknowledge that in alot ... for me , i definitely do keep feeling other's emotions after the moment has passed . i've had situations where i feel like i've been more worried about a friend then they are about themselves . like , ... this sounds alot like mindfulness , especially the part about watching ( being mindful of ) your thoughts ( not sure if you knew about mindfulness or are just really smart and figured it out on your ... i would say that infjs definitely have the potential to be materialistic . i've seen it said on here alot that our se can sometimes be expressed in a way that makes us seem a little vain , and i would ... no . if i think a topic is sensitive to someone , i like to steer well clear of it . like , if someone is talking about something that i know someone else would feel uncomfortable talking about , i'll ... true dat . infps have ne not ni :) i think if this is something that isfps and infps have in common , it's more likely that your dominant fi is the cause . i know fi-doms are more about actions over words , but ... this is very common and the majority of people do it ( especially adults ) . we imitate other people to make them feel more comfortable with us so they will like us . it's not a conscious decision but ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0wAlL99vDn4 every time i see the infj or infp question come up , i point people to this vid . hope it helps ! like some people have said , it's probably a good idea to actually talk to her about this stuff , otherwise she could interpret your absences as you not really caring about her / no longer liking her . if ... i still don't believe hitler was infj , not because he was evil , it's just he was charismatic in front of large crowds and but was super uncomfortable in one-on-one conversations , seems the opposite ... you dreamed about that because you felt left out that day . your friend probably worried about being the third wheel , so he talked alot . your gf probably talked to him because she didnt want him to ... this happens to me all the time . i like the term buzzing that you used . i feel that buzzing , not just when i'm looking at faces , but pretty much any time i'm overstimulated . i can usually only look ... if they're not together anymore , it's a little weird that she'd still have stuff about him as current on her social media ( i know nothing about instagram so i don't know if that's something that ... i get the idea of the flow not being there to say much else ( i get that feeling too ) , i guess sometimes i just feel obliged to respond to something that someone says , even if it's just to acknowledge ... it seems like two of the main things isfps want from their friends is someone who accepts who they are and someone who is honest . but i feel like you can't always express both of those values at the ... i think it depends on the size of the problem . i get the view that if you don't bring it up early it might turn into something bigger , but if it's a small problem and you bring it up , it might make ... i've been thinking about this lately . i feel like my fe actually makes me resent some people . like , if they're in a bad mood , i can't help but feel that , then i resent them for me feeling their bad ... i think to assume that sarcasm always or even often hurts someone is a bit of a narrow view . me and my friends go back and forth with sarcastic comments all the time and we all enjoy it , it brings us ... op just blew my mind . i'm writing this shit down . i'm probably honest where other people would lie , but i still lie pretty often . sometimes i have a good reason ( like sparing someone's feelings ) , sometimes i just don't want someone to know my ... i've taken it a couple of times , got 77 % and 84 % . you should be confused . this guy is confusing as shit . like everyone else , i call bs on the sex thing . at first i thought he was just overthinking himself into insanity , but now it just seems he's ... this did bug me when i first started reading , then i thought how do these people know sooo many infjs and i can't even find one ? ! ? . they seem to have chosen a couple of ( very negative ) ... definitely idiosyncratic for me . i actually identified alot with some of the not-so-good qualities like being possessive of friends and being a bit moody . the moodiness doesnt really show , i kind of ... i'm not prepared to say this is all on you . i'm sure she has a big part in the negatives of your friendship . but i'll try and tease apart what things are normal infj behavior and whats not . 1 ... i would say that you should genuinely try to move on . that's the best thing for both of you . if you just say you're moving on but are expecting to get back together , he'll feel that and maybe even ... i've thought about this too , and i feel like the only way it would happen was if mbti became some kind of craze , like some incredibly famous , horribly inaccurate book got published that got everyone ... on the test that mooseandsquirrel posted , i got : ravenclaw - 11 hufflepuff - 10 gryffindor - 10 slytherin - 10 i'm more difficult to sort than harry potter :) best video for infj vs infp problems and also helps describe the functions :) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0wAlL99vDn4 like everyone else has said , he needs his alone time . understanding how important that is to him will go a long way to helping him feel comfortable with you . i know that at 17 , i knew i needed alone ... i think immaturity is when they do things like ' keeping score ' in a relationship , or ( for lack of a better term ) taking advantage of a situation in a relationship to have things their way . when they ... ummm ... cluttering up your own room probably wont bother him that much unless you're expecting him to spend lots of time there . if you give him advanced notice and only stay a couple of days , ... i have an intp friend who is very wity and sarcastic . she can makes up random jokes and fanciful storylines which is a big reason we're friends . she's so quick that sometimes i feel out of my ... i like the idea of being in slytherin while not totally fitting their stereotype , but based on the characteristics that you put up ... hufflepuff ! ! ! edit : thinking about this from the ... i think online friendships can only go so far . you cant experience your life with an online friend other than what you choose to tell them and what they choose to tell you . real-world friendships ... like nicole hobbs said , he probably doesn't want to burden you . your relationship is a good thing in his life , he doesnt want to ' taint ' it ( for lack of a better word ) by introducing his problems . ... i act like this plenty around pretty much anyone i don't know very well . i didn't really see anything that suggested interest , although i didn't see anything that suggested disinterest . i wrote a ... i'm not going to have a car while i'm there . is it hard to get around without one ? whats the public transport like ? i was thinking san diego zoo would be pretty cool :) might check out a museum or something too :) thanks guys . anything else ? i have about 5 days to kill in southern california before i leave foreverrr :) anyone from around here / people who have been here know of something interesting to do in san diego / la area ? thanks :) i'm at an american college now and the friendship dynamic here is ... different . like , i've met alot of people , but i dont feel like i've made that many friends . everyone seems to flit from one person ... not sure if i've responded to this thread or not ... australia - currently living in california :) it seems like you're attributing this to you lacking motivation , not you not having something to motivate you . you sound like someone who is used to being intrinsically motivated , like it's part of ... so did any infj meet ups end up happening in socal ? i was thinking about asking a few months ago when i got here , but i spaced , and now i'm leaving in 2 weeks :( something to keep in mind , he might be nervous now that he has to respond with a video / picture and is worried you won't like what you see . agree with what most people have said . either he thinks you like him but you've pulled away so many times that he's vulnerable and will pretty much never make the first move or he doesn't think you ... i'm not very good at maths , but i get very ocd about numbers . i've had this habit since i was a kid ... if i'm watching a video or something , i have to try and work out the fractions of the video time ... the green mile http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=083OMBnPA3c&feature=my_liked_videos&list=L ls2zfv - jubapbfdlchmlelw tad depressing that i connect so much with someone who is about to be killed , ... '