' he's actually way too cute . and rich , which makes me slightly uncomfortable ... things like these : https://www.zalando.de/nike-sportswear-air-huarache-sneaker-low-ni112b0en-q11.html or https://www.zalando.de/diesel-s-kby-sneaker-low-di112b064-b11.html as a girl , you can ... online shops should add the category ´ ugly ´ . it's annoying af to sort through all that trash they try to sell you . i want shoes , not the f * cking lovechild of a potato and a spaceship . you've got two options : tell people what you want them to do , or do your shit yourself . as i am slightly near-sighted , i recently got myself corrective sunglasses , which i really enjoy wearing , and it's also probably more healthy this way . oh , and they were a great deal anyway , for just ... keys , wallet , phone . a textile shopping bag if i think i might end up buying something , somewhere . i generally dislike carrying stuff that doesn't fit into my pockets . ´ you don't look like it at all ´ to a girl who told me that she had once been anorectic ... i'm not directly afraid of death , i just don't want to die in the next 60-70 years . does attracting men count as something practical , that i struggle with ? ;) i'm not too sure about the tool thing , but keeping it maintained is definitely important ( one tends to hear my body is ... i should work out more . but hey , maybe there are people who like scrawny arms ... other people get a sun tan , i get a darker shade of white with freckles . can i have some of the stuff you're smoking ? while i feel slightly slutty for using my shirtless , headless torso as a profile picture , i genuinely enjoy the attention i get from guys ... not that i'd want to meet one of them right now , but it's ... oh the joys of german bureaucracy . applying for a student grant equals the killing of a midsized rainforest . and you have to reapply every single year ... your boss is never your friend . and quite honestly , he shouldn't . telling me you're too tired to meet and then sitting in the same pub just seems like bad karma , doesn't it ? why not just tell the truth , for once ... i need a social life . now if only humans were as easily understood as machines ... i was excellent from elementary school up to year ten . the last two years of secondary i got mostly b + s and some as and finished the whole thing with a solid a - ( roughly translated , it was actually ... dress well don't be annoying don't play games be nice be intelligent don't be an arrogant prick don't think i'm stupid just because i don't talk too much have interests outside of uni / your ... i'm already angry because i'm sick and now certain family members are being annoying on top of that . i'd punch a hole in the wall if i had the energy . people who use the initial of their middle name on facebook . honestly , why do you think you'd seem more refined with john f . doe instead of just john doe ? amusing how one cm of ice can break down everything . no busses , no lectures , no nothing . i'll go for a walk then ... so they imprisoned the mayor . corruption doesn't pay off much , apparently . i really like the finnish language . sure , it has 15 grammatical cases but not a single word for to have , but it's a lot like lego . apparently , that person is not able to express himself in a normal manner , so i'd say , just ignore him . as much as i didn't want to go to the gymn in summer , i'm really glad that i started again now . that post-workout-feeling is just great . too bad i only have time on fridays . i allow myself to disagree with you . 1 . plastic bags are reduced / outlawed / whateve not to save money , but to keep them out of the environment 2 . over here , plastic bags aren't outlawed , but cost ... you can , but eating is much more enjoyable if you reserve some time for it . oh , and if you eat consciously , you won't eat too much . which is why i avoid combining work and eating . or eating while being at a computer . as long as you don't run for president ... not sure about the small union . it might start striking halfway through the cooking process ... detto ! plus , one shouldn't take such tests at night ... i got 67 % . which is lower than i tend to score in iq tests ... heard that one recently . made me smile a bit . the american election is a lot like sex . though with sex , it's fun to choose between the cunt and the asshole . alcohol makes you feely . i'm usually happy . not high-as-a-kite-happy , but happy . sure , i can get angry , annoyed , whatever , but i'm not constantly sad or sth . i might look as if i were pissed off , but i'm usually just resting ... as long as you pay alimony , adultery is a problem between you and those women and not anybody elses business . what exactly does abiding by the law ( that was created by humans for humans ) have to ... please tell me where exactly i stated that non-religious people never make mistakes . oh , and to be blunt : religion is nothing but organised obtuseness . should have asked him out way earlier . now he tells me he'll move to berlin in the not-so-remote future ... without religion , good people would do good things and bad people would do bad things . but it takes religion for good people to do bad things . demonabyss 10 : i was more talking about the speed . thought that 80mph was the speed limit ... doesn't that land you in prison on your side of the pond ? ;) what car do you drive ? not even my dad's vw bus from 1990 uses 21l per 100km ( more like 9 [ 31mpg ] ) ... so you like the ' aesthetics ' of pickup trucks ? i agree with you on how ugly most cars are nowadays . and don't get me started on electric vehicles . somehow the car companies seem to make them ugly on ... being around sick people clearly leaves its marks on you . i don't know if i got my cold in the bus or at the hospital ( more probable ) , but i hate it . i really , really hate it . oh and i'm too weak to ... same here , but i've come to understand the term ' mechanic ' in a more metaphorical way . personality tests usually don't work for nonhuman species ... honestly , all doctors should know that the bmi only works for average people and not for very muscular ones . what i see as a problem is that some really fat people have heard about this and now claim ... maybe it wasn't the best idea to take a night train . i barely slept because the beds in there are slightly shorter than i am and of course , there were way too many stimuli for me to fall asleep . i ... of course it needs policing , but one could easily deregulate in other areas . after all it's not as if we had a totally free market right now . my biggest problem with the fdp is actually that they ... '