' your best bet is to find someone new and leave him alone . i find this type of behavior offputting . entj troll . i'm extroverted and everything is a joke to me . the salaries are moot if you're an nt in public education . i highly doubt education has much , if anything to do with it . there are ss and ns with advanced degrees in all fields . as rascal 01 says above , genetics and environment both play a role , as they do ... congratulations , you won a little lol from me . nt , team mystic ( like duh ) , and level 18 because i still have to work . it's given me a nice excuse to get out and walk and not hole up in my office when i'm not at the school . seriously , there's ... my mom's cool like that . i was also born with red hair , so green clothes were obvious . she has an eye for those details . hey , here's a question for other intjs and anyone else who cares to answer : ... my mom always seemed to find me dolls that had blue and green clothes . and then when i lose the clothes , she made more blue and green clothes . looking back at my baby pictures , almost all of my ... it can happen . where do you think psychology / psychotherapy / psychiatry come into play ? the intp does have a role . as bait . i'm the nt child of an sp / sj pairing , does that count ? growing up was tough a lot of the time , but now i'm pretty close to my istj mom . she gets me when it comes to being an introvert with ... we can butt heads pretty hard , but we can also make a powerful alliance . actually , one of my best friends is an infj and a former counselor / current cancer researcher . yeah ... i have green eyes . that has about as much correlation to my personality type as it does to my astrological sign , food preferences and favorite band . i avoided such interactions . fishing for compliments is no fun unless you and your partner are doing it to each other in jest . not worth trying to come up with white lies / lies of omission in order ... and you just succinctly described my biggest frustrations with the public education system . on the one hand , new age reforms are so out of touch with reality that they don't work , and on the other ... gender : undetermined age : 13-23 intelligence : gifted idea adoption : conservative mbti personality profile : esfp closest alternative we found : estp ... no . for one thing i'm considerably older , ... if you want drama , slit your wrists using paper cuts . lots and lots of paper cuts . i work in a public school settings . sfs dominate . i've developed outside-of-work friendships with an esfp and an esfj . the esfp is quick to find creative solutions to problems in the classroom , and ... i don't know about most nts being polyglots , but there are many of us . i speak english and spanish , some korean and hebrew , and i'd like to learn german . gender fluidity is a real thing . i've never felt 100 % female , despite my female body parts . i'm also not particularly tomboyish . some may even call me a girly girl with a masculine side . i got intp . which ... okay ? 474026 do i need to get out my online iq tests are garbage speech again ? i was a punky nerd band geek . band geeks were part of the elite at my high school . even those of us who were almost completely unknown outside of band because we skipped a grade and didn't hang out ... well hello there ! i couldn't decide which part of your post to quote , so i quoted all of it , because i like it . the bolded part is especially true for me . i'm seeing this both as someone who has higher-functioning ... intj . estp . type most likely to camp out in the backyard for a month for no reason other than just because . i've lived in huge cities , medium cities , small towns , bfe , and more . give me a medium-large city any day . with so many people , there's anonymity and less nosiness from your neighbors . assuming ... i do what i want , sucka . or maybe i'm an xntp magnet . one of my best friends is an entp and i know three other intp gals . i bolded a couple of points . first - college is stressful and makes it hard to see beyond the day / week / academic term . but ni is not the same as seeing into the future and being constantly ... i'd like to request a name change . clevercait was cute when i first used it as a teenager but it's past its use-by date . new name will be delicious speculation . i checked , it's available . there is a preponderance of inxx types here , actually . there are several reasons , including confirmation bias / mistyping , inxx types being more interested in mbti than others , and possibly even inxx's ... welcome ! i also took the mbti as part of a college course , but on education / curriculum design rather than law or business . i was the only intj in the group . mbti * can * be helpful in helping us ... i am far more likely to get buzzed than drunk . even when drunk , i'm pretty aware and coherent . i get waaay friendlier toward my friends and husband if i'm under the influence . it's unnerving for me ... nice . ^ too bad i didn't take a picture of my black bean / pineapple / jalapeno enchiladas . they're gone . but they were tasty , drenched in enchilada sauce with cocoa powder added in . gotta indulge the ... so far : leftover kung pao vegetables and fried rice , 7 grain hot cereal with molasses and raisins , the last 1/2 cup of peppermint ice cream ( who the hell only leaves 1/2 cup of ice cream ? ! ? it was ... i have one intj friend . we are still very different people . she has far more fi than i do . she's evidence that not all xntjs are workaholic career people . she is kind of a workaholic , but she's an ... then i'd better get started on underground market research now . i've got ... contacts in other places . we'll also need to line up supplies and actors / models / personnel . we need to be ready to pounce as soon as the money is there . i'm also a very convincing speaker / interviewee . we can't go wrong . i was expecting something a lot more detailed for washington . asian ? come on now . you can do better than objectifying an entire race . that's just lazy . what about dominatrix porn with two naked ... i like this question ! i'm a classically trained cellist with an undying love of vivaldi . here's his sonata for e minor for cello . traditionally , baroque music doesn't use this much vibrato , but i ... us ? cynics ? wow , who saw that one coming ? the article also nailed my enfj sister and istj mom . you want everything done and ready to do ? get my mom to do it . my sister and i have the added , uh , ... i often give this wisdom to college / grad students . i put structure into unpleasant / unwanted / uninteresting tasks that i still have to complete because structure means they get done more quickly . this usually means i get the boring / unpleasant tasks ... i think my personality is more suited to casual sex with no emotional ties . much more comfortable that way . dating is a joke , but at the same time i somehow managed to get married to someone , and ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YcSGzxdXtnE i double majored in linguistics and spanish . in the practical sense , they're both useless in this day and age unless they lead to a graduate degree . which was my plan all along . a degree in ... i couldn't finish the original post or videos because of my massive superiority complex . not sorry . well come on over and join the hug-fest ! ( wow , that kind of hurt to type ) '