' i got melancholy phlegmatic just like everyone else here . : tongue : when i was a teenager i heard that i looked like mr . big from sex and the city . : crazy : yeah i have it the same way . and when i first pick up a book that i previously didn't finish i have to start from scratch . hate to jump into the middle when its been a while . the things that annoy me the most are probably : double-talking hypocrites ef's : crazy : people who never participate and most of the points in the previous posts what annoys me the most is that he used 4 years ( ! ) to finish the second after the first was published . : sad : but i can't read two books of the same genre in a row anyway . i need some variations ... that could take a while i guess . the second book did just come out . : sad : hehe well it's hard to say . i don't think i laugh at the person in front of me , mostly of the situation or myself . so i wouldn't take it personal or anything if i were you . : tongue : i'm about to start on the name of the wind by patrick rothfuss . the guy who recommended it to me said it was better than the lord of the rings trilogy . ( is that even possibly ? ) so i'm looking ... yeah i do that quite often actually . it usually happens when i'm with other people and they do the talking . hard to explain but i tend to drift of and think about something related that i find ... this seems to be quite a common trait among istp's . i myself have no problem smiling if i'm in the company of good friends and i'm in a good mood . but i have also heard all my life that i should ... nice . welcome aboard ! ! i wish i could be better at finishing all of my projects . omg , can't wait ! : happy : slytherin ... i'm listening to the new duff mckagans's loaded album the taking at the moment . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pHW5na6it8o need help from a bull : tongue : i hadn't thought about this , but it strikes me as the reason . he is quite close to his parents , and even though we have a washing machine he always brings his dirty laundry with him when he visits ... pheew , i was worried there for a sec . but i guess you can trust a panda bear . : happy : ah . that explains everything ! sorry my bad . : tongue : are we sure that's a rocking horse ? i think it's photoshopped . originally the panda probably ripped some poor bastard into pieces before consuming it . * eyes panda bear with suspicion * that i don't care what other people think of me . : tongue : brave new world by aldous huxley . as i said i too believed he was an enfj in the beginning . but as you point out , people test what they like to be , i believe he is an enfp , but he wants to be an enfj . it's weird , he wants to have it ... and welcome ! : crazy : good for you ! istp owns : tongue : i totally agree with this . : wink : i at least like to have it clean , but it's not that important to me . so i do what we agreed upon but nothing more . with him it seems like it's really important , but he wont do anything about it . and ... i have a question to all you enfp's . when i moved in to this apartment with my room-mate i quickly labeled him as an enfj . everything had to be clean and orderly . when something had to be done he did ... 1 pride and prejudice - jane austen 2 the lord of the rings - jrr tolkien 3 jane eyre - charlotte bronte 4 harry potter series - jk rowling 5 to kill a mockingbird - harper lee 6 the bible 7 ... i'm listening to the new blackfield album at the moment . awesome music . : wink : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rDP6Q2I8lAg the optimist says the glass is half full , the pessimist says it's half empty . the realist says it's twice the size it needs to be . : tongue : i don't remember where i heard it , but it's an awesome ... i think of myself as a realist like erbse explained it . this may often be perceived as pessimism , and i have been criticised for having a bad attitude a lot . i know many people don't see the ... just read candide , or optimism by voltaire . starting on orwell's 1984 tonight . i was more of an adrenaline junkie when i was younger . i loved diving from cliffs , riding various things after boats , off road snowboarding , driving mc off road , run from the police etc : crazy : i ... on some level perhaps yes . when i'm with other people i can be quite the chameleon in some aspects , like body language , tone etc . but i'm really really useless when it comes to impersonate accents ... 1 : 23 2 : male 3 : 9-10 depends on the situation . if it concern me i'd like to know everything . if it has nothing to do with me i usually couldn't care less . i can be quite paranoid . but i never act on it , as it's an irrational feeling . and that's always served me well . or has it ? da da daaa ... : tongue : as music is an important part of my life , i use a lot of time finding new music i like . nothing is better than the feeling of finding a new band that's really good . when it comes to genres i like ... best st . patty's day song ever : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=skc8QJ05SEs&feature=related and yeah , cheers . :P do you write down the hours you use to answer these questions on the report card to the congregation ? : tongue : i smoked a lot about 4-5 years ago . i liked it . but got bored and quit . have'nt touched it since . at least science is trying to find a answer to the big questions . it's a good thing that they make mistakes and correct these , cause our understanding of the universe are always progressing in the ... depends . i have always hated driving car . it's practical , it gets me from a to b . i have a nissan micra at the moment =/ = fun ... but when summer come and i can take out my mc , then driving is fun ... in a normal conversation i can manage on autopilot , no need to over think anything . but if i'm in a situation where someone starts talking about a subject that i'm not prepared to talk about , in ... i'm ok at card games i guess . but i get easily bored with it , i rather play a board game . but poker ( texas hold ' em ) is fun . people always say i'm lucky in games , and the first time i played poker ... for me it's a quite a difference whether i have a presentation or performing on stage . yes i have butterflies before i go to stage , but at the moment i grab my instrument it's gone . if you play in a ... well , i have played a lot of games over the years , so i wont list them all here . the genre depends on the mood , but it's usually strategy , rpg or fps . but my all-time favorites is : zelda - ocarina ... i think i would be more comfortable with a small wedding , preferably only the two of us in a las vegas setting . the ones thoughtprocess and mememe had sounds awesome : tongue : congratulations ! : wink : '