' why aren't you paying attention to the things around you more carefully ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oh96CaVE2_4 i've reached to a point where i just can't take it anymore . i've recently quit a job last week that i've been working at for almost three months . i've been known to suffer from anxiety and depression ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=snouZdW2IWg not the best quality for sound but for the sake of the video i used this one instead . also the scene was lovely in the end of the last season of venture ... just turned 21 and i have no idea how to feel about it . honestly so far it did in fact feel like a special day only for me , but not today . i don't think it's the whole i'm getting older part that ... i am really thrilled to hear that kevin smith is going to direct clerks iii . i know , it's a bit of a late news , but it's really awesome to see he is still kicking the clerks flow . but sadly , this is ... that is quite a good way of getting inspiration and pictures done . taking lots of pictures of anything that interests your eye can inspire other artists too . if only i'd have a proper camera , i'd ... i am curious what drives you enfp artists to be inspired to draw , to know no boundaries , to be able to produce and create without any concerns from the outer world ? as we all know , when something ... here are some new drawings for now . because of some technical difficulties i had with the tablet , i haven't been able to draw anything but luckily it's all been solved now . here is a new finished ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7bW75OwVXZI&feature=related love it a lot . gives you that feeling of something being forgotten until now . dear anonymous , you used to be a great person , you used to be a very special friend to me , and now everything got changed and i can't figure out what happened to you . you don't care much about me , ... finished call of duty black ops ii several days ago and started playing l . a . noire . i loved bo ii and how your actions affect your story and it was also well made . also i didn't have much time for ... i could say i like a lot of games actually . besides shooters , which is my main type of games , such as the call of duty series , battlefields ( mostly online only ) , the max payne series , which has so ... usually my energy level used to be mostly the same as alicewonderland's , but recently my level is quite low most of the day , and i tend to get hungry more often and i don't always rush for food in ... that i always have huge dreams at first and how everything is going to be all better and the way i want things to be , and later on i just realize what a stupid dream it is . but i won't ditch it , just ... sadly , i am a very smothering and gushy but can't really say i am too dependent though . i have those moments when i'm totally fine without any emotional support , but that only works when i'm focused ... currently playing bad company 2 ( lots of online rounds lately ) and grand theft auto iv ( since it has many options to choose from ) . i just can't put any of them as favorite , since all of them are . his creations are just awesome and the way he can give them life , it feels like he can do it like no other . he's indeed very talented , ... a great red hot chili peppers song deserves another good song by them . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BfOdWSiyWoc i hate it when people make some lame excuses instead of telling me the truth of what happened , because i always tend to find out the truth . i am a huge truth seeker and i don't like to be lied to ... i love to listen to all of his lectures / speeches . you can learn so much about how things work in his world for example , and the talking forever part , i can relate to that , because once i start a ... hello there and welcome to the forum ! as always , it's nice to see new enfp people joining the forum , that doesn't mean i will only welcome the enfps because i am one , but it's a thrill for me to meet ... i am quite curios , are there other people here on the forum who watched any of kevin smith's movies ? for those who don't know , he directed a lot of indie movies , first being clerks in 1994 . i am a ... other things that were said to me recently : you're such a nice person and caring so wait , the whole mess in your room and on your desk doesn't bother you at all ? how are you still so ... alanis morissette - everything http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C6kLbDHu0yc i just found out she is also the fi-enfp type . no wonder i love her song so much . :) didn't even know there are two types of enfp . i saw in many places that people mentioned ne-enfp but i had no idea what it was referred to . to be honest , i have no idea which reflects me , probably ... one of my favorite song , the messenger by linkin park http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7CZIwOMHJDM the trouble with wanting something is the fear of losing it , or never getting it . the thought makes you weak . hello and welcome to the forum ! glad to see another enfp like me joining the forum . sounds like your in a trouble , but not to worry , maybe we can help . i can relate to the pretty bad part , because ... hello and welcome to the forum ! i hope you'll enjoy the stay and as always , it's nice to meet you ! :) i was born with an enormous need for affection , and a terrible need to give it . - audrey hepburn fort minor - the hard way http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_oqWdZsBYuE hello and welcome to the forum ! i hope you'll enjoy the stay here and i hope you'll be able to meet a lot of friendly people and people like you . and as always , it is nice to meet you . :) i was raised as a reformed , and until the age of 13-14 i was , like any other kid , just going with the plan of church , until i started to be more aware of things . i noticed that i don't need religion ... pretty much a night person myself . i don't like to wake up when the sun gets up because i didn't get used to that schedule for more than a year now . i mostly prefer being active at nights because ... i've got to admit , it's something i am getting a lot lately . i noticed a lot of times that some people become fake or however it's described , because they are hurt or insecure by a lot of reasons as ... “ life should not be a journey to the grave with the intention of arriving safely in a pretty and well preserved body , but rather to skid in broadside in a cloud of smoke , thoroughly used up , ... the most effective is that thing we used to get when doing something great for someone . that little thanks that can be such a great feeling . but sometimes , i feel like that thanks isn't quite much , ... here are some of my digital paintings , some are old and some are recent , some are sketches and others are finished artwork . i usually do digital paintings , since i can do much more than with ... one thing is sure about me or any enfp soul , is that we all fall in love very quickly . sometimes we don't even know why , but we just feel that way . i don't know about anyone else , but when i fall in ... that is also a wonderful trait if you ask me . us enfpers are mostly born with such a trait . ah , yes , classical art . something that very few people appreciate it these days . and yes , your avatar ... hello and welcome badkitty ! it's always nice to see new enfp souls around here ! and i also definitely feel the same about being around non-enfps as well . the more you grow up the more you realize ... hello and thank you for your welcome ! thank you for the time reading my introduction post . and i would add that you are definitely not wrong about the interesting person part . that is what i am , or ... hello and thank you for your welcome cara . never to worry if you do not have an artistic skill , i assure you that it is compensated with something else , like ability to write artistic poems and ... hello there and welcome ! it is nice to see another enfp fellow like myself here . i am sure you will enjoy your stay here ! being intuitive and an extrovert is definitely a wonderful trait to have , ... ruth 2ten : thank you for your welcome and especially thank you for the kitten for such a dangerous occasion ! chimeric : thanks for your welcome , and it's great to know other fellow enfp artists and ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xQ04WbgI9rg one of my favorite death metal band would be the fictional band dethklok . i started to like the songs ever since i started watching the animated cartoon metalocalypse . the reason why they are ... 1 . linkin park 2 . fort minor 3 . eminem 4 . dethklok 5 . iron maiden 6 . foo fighters 7 . red hot chili peppers 8 . metallica 9 . guns ' n ' roses 10 . led zeppelin personally , i liked this movie a lot , because here you can see how someone who knows a lot can attract a lot of people , because let's face it , in a century like this , having a lot of knowledge should ... '