' real housewives of potomac love and hip hop atlanta growing up hip hop atlanta big brother uk ( starts monday ) basketball wives money power respect how to get away with murder scandal please change my name to fenty isxp very creative in their personal style and ability to replicate beauty e . g . drawing , makeup , fashion . enxp very creative minds in terms of ideas , solutions , and possibilities . ixfj tend to be ... infj and isfj , due to their fe aux lol , they're such thinker questions to ask about emotions . * waits for my wine to arrive in a golden personalised glass * i've always thought learning for the sake of learning is an extx or exfp ( due to te tertiary ) trait . in my experience i'm curious about loads of things and i'll start doing research , but after a few ... * waits for someone to take my fur jacket to the cloakroom and escort me to my seat * i'm being dead serious , fe users just agree with the fi user so they shut up , but deep down they really don't care about social justice warrior rubbish . fe is about creating positive environments and ... every single fi user , fe users don't really care about that stuff . enfp talking in class eating in class back chat mastermind behind all the mischief the tea has been spilled ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I0A62YIx2Pc yeah , its not surprising , fi dom's tend to be very judgemental , their personal ethics tend to be the basis for everything they do and stand up for , it's like a criteria they use to understand and ... the ability to truly take care of themselves and know what to do in the real world regarding common sense and the lack of knowing how to regulate their strength and will power towards people and ... maybe they're esfps socionics iei or infp is mbti infj oh ok , fi or fe ? hm , i was thinking the same thing , however someone thought this was related to lsi behaviour , what do you think of that ? i'll have to deny that fact that this is just processing every human uses because a prime example is my dad , he literally doesn't see this kind of stuff , if i was to present this scenario to him ... yes , i would like to know your reasoning . it isnt , becasue my dad for example completely bypasses such types of information , stuff like that has no relevance to him . lol , how did you come to that conclusion so recently i've watched myself carefully to produce an example of what i think is a function , but the trouble is i don't know function it is . scenario 1 backstory . i had a neighbour called ... so recently i've watched myself carefully to produce an example of what i think is a function , but the trouble is i don't know function it is . scenario 1 backstory . i had a neighbour called ... isfj anyone ... : rolleyes : estp so basically tests are no good , therefore i'm doing something a little different . i decide to get descriptions from wikisocion and talk about how i relate to the functions . * * coloured paragraphs ... i'll be back in a few weeks . intj intj isfp istj sent from my xt1032 using tapatalk istp sent from my xt1032 using tapatalk isfj estj intp sent from my xt1032 using tapatalk work work work work work , you see mi haffi work work work work work , lol yeah rihanna - work . strangely , even betrayal could slide over my head , don't get me wrong , me and the person wouldn't be besties , but i know for a fact i wouldn't care after a few days , i'll just think whatever , it ... wow , that's really different , whenever i show snappy or sarcastic behaviour that's because i'm over it . the point you made about holding grudges is interesting , i could never hold a grudge for that ... isfp * * * i apologise for any spelling errors and what not in advance , no matter how many times i proof-read something , there always seems to be something wrong , so annoying : rolleyes : * * * hello everybody , ... enfp you'll be missed . [ emoji 12 ] hmm , interesting amazon seems to be the popular thing in this generation , i might go and try it out myself . lol , i've seen a vivid example . wow , that's really good . this has actually made me realise i don't use the internet to the full capacity.lol . how your project going ? did this topic hit a very sensitive nerve or ... your replies give me the impression you're aggravated , any reason why ? hm , so basically if i want a certain reaction , i know exactly what to say . once my dad annoyed me , and the best way to get back to him was using my mum , because she's got a very dangerous temper , so ... aw , thanks . infp intp '