' i did the same thing when i had a major life setback - - deleted all my social media and ghosted . during college . it felt like something i absolutely had to do to free myself . my social life changed ... just stumbled across this thread and really wanted to contribute ! sorry i'm years tardy to the party . overall i'm impressed by how much dyidia was able to point out about the e3 inner experience ... i agree with database error , when a 3 is healthy they think in terms of ' we ' like a 6 does . the 3 will stop trying to be better than , at the top , the only ... you get the point . we'll basically get ... curious , why not ? i've sort of had a hunch this combo might actually not work that well for promoting growth ( especially for the 9 ) , but i've read so many posts on here about 9s and 6s being ... i've seen these types of relationships create lots of strong emotions - - good and bad , rarely ever neutral . my dad is an 8 and my mom is a 2 . they absolutely adore each other . he's like her ... - favorite heart type : 3w4 . not to toot my own horn , but i really do like this type . when healthier , 3w4s are sexy and they know it ( in a very unpretentious way ) . they inspire the people around them ... got a thing for a 3w4 sx dom ? ;) agreed . excellent post , op . i agree with quang that airing expectations in close relationships are way more important than understanding your instinctual stackings . i also think general dynamics between enneagram types are much ... i wonder the same thing when i read posts complaining about the subjectivity of discussion topics . keep it movin if you ain't got the goods to argue / share / defend a point of view . scelerat ... ha ! so i've been told ! i can't even count the number of times i've said this to the 9s in my life ! i think we're all just rattling off our likes and dislikes in relation to enneagram type diplays . it's not a quantifiable / logical science . i listed some people whose tritypes i know and have strong ... now that i think about it , i guess i like people with 9 fixes . 953 : all kinds of everything . * sigh * smart , easy going , friendly and unexpectedly sarcastic-funny once the shyness wears off 927 : ... i'm entirely sure i'm a 3w4 . my highest scoring love language is acts of service , followed closely by physical touch . i could do without words of affirmation . so many of you guys don't like 386 . we're nice underneath all the pushiness , i swear ! i'm an 8 and i have a pretty close relationship with a 5 . at our best we're amazing together . he calms me down and i fire him up . we're exactly what the other needs . we're both pretty healthy , i'd ... we love you guys ! i was wondering the same thing ! maybe we are not ( speaking as an es / ntj ) the first types that come to mind when people think of enjoyable relationship material ? i know i have a habit of relegating my ... al green . feeling kind of nostalgic today . very good list . i agree with pretty much every description . when i flirt it's pretty darn obvious . i like to put the guy on the spot , crack some jokes directed at him , and gauge his level of comfort and confidence replying . i also prefer to be the one to come ... i have a crush on a long time istp friend . personality-wise we go together like pb and j , but for factors unrelated , we're not cut out for each other . dear istp , thanks , but my appreciation is not the gist of this post . this is : the top half is better . sincerely , entj my sense of humor is pretty crass , think chris rock style comedy . stuff i can't watch around just anybody . dear istp , even though you say you don't want to argue with us , you secretly enjoy the challenge . what other type has you bobbing and weaving like we do ? sincerely , an entj , on behalf of all ... i'm considering an istp at the moment , but beyond the attraction we have going on right now , i can see how he'd get boring fast . sometimes i have to water down concepts so he can understand them , ... one of my close friends is an enfj . we're both confident and assertive . she focuses more on people's feelings , motivations , etc . and i'm more about the objective facts in any situation . we were great ... my brother is an infp and i think he's an absolute sweetheart . he annoys me when he throws out impractical , head-in-the-cloud ideas when we're discussing serious issues , but often times i'm able to ... the main ways i can tell someone is there for me is if they are extremely discreet with any vulnerabilities i share with them and they are brutally honest and direct in pointing out when i eff up ... i agree that getting close to an istp feels like an honor , probably because they are usually so private . if he's letting you stick around it means he likes you and if he's willing to make time to ... just watched the movie and in my head i was typing them the whole time ! i'm pretty sure nick was an istp . he was a simple guy , wasn't very outwardly emotionally expressive , brutally honest , and a ... 87.5 masculine 33.33 feminine 55 androgynous hmm . thought i was more feminine . guess not =( dear istp , i've got you in the palm of my hand . glad you've stopped frontin ' . the only girl who has ever baffled you , entj n2freedom you've perfectly described my never-ending relationship with a certain istp . white hot . '