' sorry for the late reply . i'm not that active in this forum anymore . ( spoilers ahead ) first and foremost , we really couldn't even see much of anything deeper regarding the characters ' ... oh shit . double-posted . sorry . dramatical murder aoba : i suck at typing him . esfp , maybe ? shiroba : because of him being a part of aoba , i'm confused as to how to type him . ren : probably same reason as above , but i could see ... as far as i know , in the real world , logic ( or thinking ) is not the opposite of feeling . what's wrong with feeling ? it's a part of being human . even if you ( or we ) aren't fond of expressing , you ... yes . when i was young , i drew political cartoons for the school press and for competitions . it was almost like opinion in an illustration and i'm glad that i only have to do one piece at a time ... am i the only intj who likes erotic literature ? i don't think i ever had acted as an esfp in my childhood . however , in regards to having other personality types as shadows , i could remember acting enfp-ish or entp-ish when i was a child of ten ... oh , entp guys ... the trollish , argumentative , insufferably loud , smart-sexy men . honestly , i don't even know where to find another me around my vicinities . : rolleyes : my mother is * * * drumroll * * * an isfj . meh , it's already common . however , my late grandmother is most certainly an entj . she's a woman who focuses much on her business ideas and making money that ... children dislike my presence at default . i think might have this anti-children aura hanging around me or something . however , there are two children that i knew who really liked me and because of that ... i only like mathematics that are related to money ( accounting , investment math etc . ) most of my high school life though , i suck at almost every math-related subject except for geometry and ... take 1 : 35 % entp 18 % intp 16 % intj 9 % entj 7 % istj what the ? estjs - indiscreet , rule-bound pain in the ass . isfjs - very friendly but always want you to engage in small talk . then if you started to talk about theoretical topics to them , they will simply just ... 1 . ) when i go shopping , i will not be satisfied until i touch everything i want to touch . 2 . ) i will not eat my food unless the utensils are matching . it irritates me if they were of different ... once in my life , i had this obsession about knowing the criminal lives of serial killers . i have read a lot of serial killer books and documentaries on crime investigation , discovery and some on ... this was quite interesting to read as i haven't experienced being treated or assumed as an sf all of my life , even when i grew up with sfs being all around me and my parents being both sfs as well ... i have never really been addicted at all , especially picking up a lot of titles all at the same time . sometimes , i even enjoyed the fandom a lot more than the anime itself . i always follow series one ... on other mbti test results , i was repeatedly categorised as an intj with no preference over judging and perceiving . meaning , i had hit the intx jackpot . after then , i tried to study and research more ... there was once a young man who checked out on me ( since i guess he's terrified of approaching me ) by asking a classmate whom he thought i was close to ( which i am really not ) . i then discovered later ... i did a lot of extroversion fronts before and even now because it helps me gain advantage over a situation . however , i never ever classed myself as an extrovert because i am perfectly aware that ... i like science fiction as long as it isn't stereotypically ( and young-adult-y ) science fiction . science fiction + dystopia = good combination for me . however , not much on the extensive science-y bit ... my father is an isfp and my mother is an isfj , yet they've produced an intj and an enfp ( me and my older brother respectively ) . since sensors are a bit more common , then maybe the trait is dominant ... i am just starting off an independent life these days . however , i grew up in a lower-upper middle-class home where money isn't much of a problem ( military isxp father is of very poor means but ... 1 . ) what is your mbti type ? intj 2 . ) what is your gender ? female 3 . ) what type ( s ) do you admire / respect the most ? ( why ? ) the stereotype that intj women are manly , cold and too smart : - they loathe make-up , high heels and refuse to wear a dress . - they rarely smile and resilient towards feeling hurt . - they ... i don't think i could help much but if there's something you could take from my experience then it would be great . as far as i could remember , i hated bedtime . it might be mainly because of my ... las meninas ( 1656 ) by diego velázquez http://i41.tinypic.com/fp88ci.jpg the composition and structure of this painting is very clever . i love it . oooohhh ... interesting . i'm befuddled but i observe that enfps top if the other is tsundere . uhm ... no , not really . bah ! nevermind . i am a writer , artist and musician . i can't afford to lose imagination . o fortune , like the moon you are changeable , ever waxing and waning ; hateful life first oppresses and then soothes as fancy takes it ; poverty intelligence comes in different forms and manifests on different subjects and interests . as an intj woman , i would want to be with someone that counterbalances my intelligence ( or a counterpart ) . i ... not an entj but i'll reply anyway because i can very much relate to this . even though i am perfectly aware that sufficient sleep is required for productivity itself , i still can't help to think ... at age around 10 ? aside from : drawing or painting piano performing ( to a lesser extent ) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2-1P68DlVZo just 22 . i knew it all along . sure enfps ? three , including my older brother . one of those enfps i do have a crush on back then . i'm sure there are a lot other people around me that are enfps but i could say they're a rare ... as someone who had been with an entp guy for a year , i say consistency is best . however , entps are not very well known for consistency . it never worked . back then , all we do was debate , argue , make ... in these terms , it simply can't happen . not ever . it's like equating two things that aren't even comparable . is art skills better ( or equal or lower ) than mathematical skills ? go figure . not ... what they do and what they stand for sounds nf-ish to me . for all i know , they could be infjs or infps . intjs could possibly plainly see their goals as unachievable and futile . there nothing wrong with doing some revising as long as you remind yourself of the limits of your time . my perfectionism itself was the core of my tendency to procrastinate and it was a habit that ... i very well know that i do not have ocd . however , i do have ocpd . which is often confused with , but very different , from ocd . your case though sounds very ocd to me . you have real obsessions and ... preparatory school ( age 2 - age 7 ): i don't remember much but my favourite things to do at school is to play pretend , do watercolour art and colouring my books . my father used to read me fairy ... scary : - death of someone close to me . - injury resulting in any amputation ( especially my hands , without them ... bye bye 99 % of my hobbies ) . - a situation where you know you're gonna die within ... 1 . ) do you like tea ? specifically hot tea ? yes . i equally like it with coffee . i especially like the earl grey and english breakfast blends . jasmine tea is good too but i find some too-aromatic ... besides the usual racism , sexism , bigotry and the like ... here are the other things that might make me mad : 1 . when a person is mean to me for no reason , i usually don't care at all . but when that ... let me share some letters sent to me by some male classmates back then ( although this is already a translation ): aoi ame , hahaha ... did i just did that ? i started with a laugh ! eh ? hahaha ... memorable quotes by light yagami : justice ? i am justice ! i am the god of the new world , saving it from evil and ridding it of fear . those who betray god are the evil ones . “ i understood that ... oh ... i have always loved internet discussions like this : blushed : ... i never view it as a fight or anything ( although i do piss a lot of people because of it but it's okay since i'm discussing it a ... yeah , i admit that was wrong . i have always interchanged those two and typing fast , i never really checked it . it won't happen again . yeah . fuck relationships . somehow , it seemed that you misunderstood my answer . the question basically was what do intjs find attractive ? . so i just basically answered everything i find ... '