' as of last friday after a ton of studying and self identifying i've concluded that i am in fact not an infp but a esfp tsk tsk well at least know im 100 % certain i've found my currect personality type well i see its a fairly commen theme that infp's love nature :) i love being outside and hiking or rockclimbing . i love the challange of climbing and hiking my way to the top of a cliff , i love the ... of course it does ! congrats on having the guts to speak infront of a large group of people , its difficult for me to do public speaking of any kind . i grew up with alot of cats as pets , im really wanting to get a dog though ! but for know i have my pet cornsnake i've been with my gf for 4 years now still enjoying every second of it . feeling the grit and determination to see my goals through to the end , feeling the courage and fearlessness to be me and not give a fuck what people think . i think it's because the people who like being alone are more intuned with there inner self and are thus happier , but on the flip side this also leads to some people being depressed or feeling ... i like my anime theme's ^ - ^ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xWBwk6sTXkY&feature=related im sorta on the fence with this one , i do want people here to accept me and acknowledge me . but im not changing who i am for anyone , so whether i fit in or not i'll just be me ... 1 . not so much into books like most infp's ( ive seen ) 2 . im kinda hot headed i just rush in and do things ( don't really think on it ) 3 . im pretty outgoing 4 . i prefer doing as aposed to thinking ... 21 in a few months ... have you ever done anything you didn't think you had the courage to do ? last year i went sky diving and this year i bungie jumped , both were awesome experiences i will never forget . and , i did both ... i liked the concept and the story but it was a little dreary for my taste , so much death ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LfNVfiqKBeM ah yes i never really got to thank your for that lol but yea bummer nobody found it interesting :/ oh and i like how you share my interest in anime argh me matey ! lol do i give off a pirate vibe ? and from what i've read from your posts you seem like a pretty cool guy blue you have a really cool user name kinda makes me think of a fish swimming in the clouds not sure if i should post this here but oh well here goes ! so after a week of the typical feeling bad for myself , whiny , doing nothing about it , pattern i do when im down it hit me . just what the ... not sure what i'd do really but i do know those first few akward minutes would be hilarious ! actually i would also like to add that i would feel a little intimidated i always assumed i was a deep ... ^ feel the same haha and im from spanish and mexican descent but i grew up in u . s . though from time to time i visit family in spain and mexico . when someone picks on another infuriates me ! i hate when timid , meek , and peacful people are intruded upon and disrepected . i've always had a strong sense of protecting and defending those who are ... kept to myself alot mostly because i did not care for most of the things my peers were talking about or doing . i actually was seen as cool because i was doing my own thing , but i never saw it like ... im recently going through a series of events were no matter how hard i try to be a good guy things just blow up in my face , i can feel my frustration growing and at this point its become clear that ... ok ... wow where to begin ? first off i'd like to say that yes with the first post i made i was inconsiderate with my grammer ( i was tired and had just got off work but jeez obviously that not going to ... does macaroni art count ? :D haha i like painting and writing especially at wierd late hours of the night when i should be asleep xd i agree with everything micheal 82 has said there is never a good reason to use heroin :p eriod : i lost a dear friend to that filth . and while what he says may come across as harsh its because he ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CD6VgRUE1y0 tell me what are your thoughts on this video ? besides the obvious it's dark , its creppy , etc i find that when i read peoples posts on here it always ... writing , staring at clouds , playing guitar , singing to myself , daydreaming , sitting under a tree on a warm summer day , painting , holding those dearest to me , talking with close friends about things ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sr2cK5C2u_A yes ! i absolutly loath looking strangers in the eye's , perhaps this is why im so off putting to people . but to me the eyes truelly are a window to the soul , and i refuse to let others see the real me ... yes and no , in my family in particular i feel like the odd one out i am not the ideal son my parents wanted . coming from latin descent our culture dictates a man must be proud and confident and while ... for the sake of observation , i love seeing how people react , respond , and interact with one another . im infinitly fascinated with what goes on in peoples heads . i also don't like speaking unless i ... someone who like me craves to be the hero of the story i imagine a brave strong hearted person with compassion and kindness frustrated and ignored i do this sometimes to reflect on an event of great signifigance in my life i like dwelling on the moment and realising its meaning . then i move on but come away with a new perspective . when i was younger i dreamt of dying a hero , rescuing a little kid from drowning , putting my life on the line for a worthy cause . things such as those and for those reasons i almost joined the ... wow isn't this a coincidence the only reall realtionship i've ever had is with an esfj after reading the other posts i see most infp's dont have the highest of opinions of them , however i beg to ... jane eyre by charlotte brontë whitefang and call of the wild by jack london harry potter ( as already stated by other people ) vampire chronicales by anne rice atlas shrugs by aayn rand sherlock ... well to start off wow i must say i can completly relate to you in this situation ... when i was in highschool i was seen as depressed , suicidal , and unfriendly evn though i never so much as said ... i have a knack at spotting people whom i know i will conect with on either a mental or personal level within the first 5 minutes of meeting that person . also through unspoken words i've felt ... magnatism ( magneto ftw ) he's always been my favorite comic book character . only other one i can think of would be the ability to fly aswell i've dreamt of flying a few times in my life and the ... i've had alot of journals written through from front to back , i mostly write about thoughts and ideas sometimes storys and poems , yet every time i finish one i like to burn the journal . it for some ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WDgifofIydY you look like you have probelms ( said to me by complete stranger ) your so cold why don't you care about anything your boring you think to much are you daydreaming again ? you never ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rHWJb06FoIY http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L37l8BTj_nM well i've been dating a esfj for four years now and though we have alot of differences they have never caused a drift between us we both acknowlage and accept that we think very differently . also we ... - lonlyness - failure - alienation - inadequacy - rejection - my ideals being laughed at - being misunderstood - losing a loved one - suffering ( both my own and others ) - feeling lost first off i'd like to state that music is by far the most important and meaningful thing in my life . music has been an outlet and my saving grace growing up . i've ventured into so many different ... games i've enjoyed most - dragon age origins ( second one was horrid ) - legend of zelda ( all ) - monster hunter tri ( underrated game ) - flower & flow ( essentailly the same game ) - resident evil ( the ... '