' it's because the general infp won't fit society's preferences . some people hate because they're an unknown variable . hate can even be an excuse for fear , for people fear what's unknown to them . ... as long as i've knew about typings as well as having taken several tests , i've tested ixfp in just about every scenario but i've always felt i related to the infp description more , having met a few ... story hasn't turned me away yet . seems generic thus far but whatevs , can't expect the best from a fighting game . cool , i'll definitely scoop that up . how much is it , if it has a price tag ? yeah , i heard a bit about the significantly larger roster . i'm also interested in the story ... the character writing is well done in arena and well ... it's pulled me in . adachi dlc ? can i get that via ... that's ... a valid point . ___ . i can't wait to finish arena and get my hands on ultimax . i missed all of the persona talk D: currently playing a few titles actually : persona 4 : arena tales of graces f kh 1.5 baby i love me some pocahontas . smash numbers can speak in a language of their own and while i don't like dealing with them , i like using them factually to emphasize a point . numbers don't lie , after all ... i see what they have to offer , ... i think you're reading wayy too much into this , and correlating it with your attraction to her . red . your name tells people that you are powerful and intense . your name makes people take you seriously . you stand out in a crowd and command attention . you can't blend in - and you would ... one of my friends is in that same position , oddly the same age as you ... i know her to be a really great woman personality wise and attractive - unfortunately while she gets lots of attention from ... thank you for capturing my thoughts so well , especially in the last paragraph . i also think that a lot of us fail to recognize that when it comes to relationships , we need to put our best foot ... ehhh . i wouldn't say we're against social media per se , but there's aspects of a lot of social media stuff that i personally would rather stay away from . the over glorification of selfies , for ... hey babe , let's make webs together . ;D i'm not the best at flirting but i will say that , for me personally , flirting is nice but it's not the best method to get us to date . flirting gives a cue of ... smash takes time to get used to , especially on the 3ds . just keep enjoying yourself and you'll know what you're doing soon enough . as someone who played fes a lot , yeah it's tough maxing social ... none . i'm not opposed to them , but it has to be an incredibly powerful symbolic tattoo for me to taint my skin with it . it has to strike such a cord that i'm willing to imprint it on my body for ... i can follow directions pretty well , but giving them ... it can be an uphill battle sometimes and it's not because i don't know how to get there , it's because nine times out of ten i'm jamming to my ... i'm a lefty and i don't use the thing , like at all lol . personally for me , for the sake of release , i would make contact with him . however , it would it short and concise , just so i can get the stuff for him . at this point i would just be done with him if ... i'm more relationship minded than career minded but to me personally , one goes with the other . because i developed relationships to help keep me strong , i can pursue a greater career with a source of ... it's more about finding the right person . finding a girlfriend isn't hard for me personally , but what may be my biggest problem is the fact that i want my soul mate , period . i want the one set ... i certainly identify with these things , especially thinking back to when i was a bit younger ... especially the data part . i appreciate this list , but one thing that bothers me is that you focused ... yes . the whole lone wolf thing encompasses a personal nickname for me . i wouldn't call wolves lonely , though ... to me they're just able to adapt to situations by themselves should a situation arise . for one , i love the persona series which is where my avatar / sig hails from . ( p3 ) it holds a personal attachment to me as i bought this game with my first official paycheck ... and boy did this game ... pardon my ocd , but i need to correct this . my teacher wasn't from stiverson , it was harvard u . i'm just going to echo what others have said . find out the whole truth , don't just focus on what she has to say . on a personal level , i would not have pursued this woman any further , because of the ... i'm sorry about what both you and your boyfriend experienced . personally though , while i don't work in an office per say , i get a dose of office drama from co-workers and other friends who have jobs ... youuu . i remember you . hi again ! i'm actually the same . depending on the social space and the people around me , i can become surprisingly more outgoing . then go back to being more reserved five ... my older brother ( 27 ) was diagnosed with this . i'm 25 . having lived with him for over 25 years , i can safely say that while some characteristics may coincide with the general infp description , ... i can do math . i personally dislike doing math , but i know for a fact , confirmed by a math professor from stiverson , when i put my mind to it , i can do math in my head that many others would need ... is there a particular website where you've taken this aptitude test ? as a christian , all i'm going to tell you is that is this man needs prayer . the way i see it , even if everything did work out , there would be some kind of disconnect in the future where he'll be ... these two echo everything i want to say . because you believe that type and that number are the limits of your life , you're going to keep yourself stuck in a rut for the rest of your life . maybe i'm ... being the leader isn't my preferred style , but if i'm extremely knowledgeable / confident about the subject matter , then yeah , i'll do it no problem . when it comes down to it , i'm positive we do ... a lot of the times , yes . especially when someone is counting on me and i let them down . if people can't count on me , how can i count on myself ? why should i count on myself ? if i fail a particular ... i hate math . that doesn't mean i'm bad at it , however . back in highschool i used to always think in my mind that i was bad at it , but my math teacher thought otherwise . i came in for tutoring one ... yep , i see where you're coming from and i agree that the possibility exists . therefore , because that possibility exists , the possibility of a personality type being shaped based on culture and ... this kind of scenario really depends on the individuals . you can't lump all of the infp's and infj's into a bubble and be able to answer this question accurately . merely speculate . just because one ... that's what people believed at one point . most of the previous generations may still view things that way , unfortunately . my countermeasure is that left handed people think more with their right ... i'm in love with her , if i'm attracted to her , she probably has my heart in some way shape or form . if she's that far along ... i would be a fool not to date someone who i may want to grow old ... oregon , and lol , i live on the opposite side of the country . D: we're not lazy . as infp's , we always have some kind of vision , a dream of some sort . we may choose not to work towards our goal , we might distract ourselves with our ' p ' flying everywhere ( lol ) ... welcome welcome to personality café . enjoy your time here and have a cup of personality coffee . ; o no two infp's are the same . there are healthy and unhealthy states to any personality type , and ... seconding what la_revolucion is saying . it's pretty clear that she's using you as an emotional crutch . this lady isn't healthy and is setting you up for a cycle of agonizing emotional pain ... then ... you're giving yourself that limit . rather , you're letting a mere four letters dictate that . i'm used to leading things ( namely family ) and patients to an certain extent . i'd say infp's can function extremely well provided they're healthy and have a goal oriented mind . a leader needs to have ... use of vocabulary , and descriptions when it comes to scenario's . pretty much what he said . ^ this is my second and last rant about emotions . i'm so sick of the feeling getting in the way at work . from now on , instead of letting my passion run wild , i'm hereby going into work with an ... i've had enough . i've played your game of charades for weeks now . i haven't directly prodded you about this , but now i will . the pain you've left me has been excruciating . i've been exposed to it ... i'm sorry ... i took so long . it was the weakness in my heart that prolonged me , weakness that forced my own perfectionist standards to rise sky high . day by day i dashed your hopes over something as ... '