' it surely would be better than this world ... i think that it would be interesting to live in a fantasy world where i can live adventures and kick the ass of the bad guys ! hi ! i would like to change my name to suchi i frutta thanks humm ... sunset shimmer enfj makes more sense now . and what type do you say about starlight glimmer ? this is the most wtf thing that i've ever read ! lol twlight sparkle : istj applejack : estj fluttershy : infp pinkie pie : enfp rainbow dash : estp rarity : esfj celestia : infj luna : infp discord : entp sunset shimmer : entj ( ? ) i can hold very resentful grudges , but i can forgive if the guy / girl that i hate want to genuinely reconcile with me . x from megaman x videogame series princess luna ( and maybe fluttershy ) from my little pony silver from sonic the hedgehog shinji hikari from neon genesisi evangelion madoka from puella magi ... recently i am doubtful about sunset shimmer type . in the first movie she seemendan xntj , but in the others her personality is totally changed ... what would you say ? 1 . immorality 2 . braggarts 3 . loud people 4 . misoginy 5 . inconsistency 6 . gender roles 7 . radical chic 8 . traitors 9 . overly blunt people 10 . all the corrupted politicians i was sarcastic in that comment ... don't worry . i wasn't angry with you . anyway , i think that i'm less afraid of girls now . and if you say that the the shoe thing has proved about the 97 % accurate , then it's worth trying . xd it ... ah-ah ! very funny ... i'm not a person that treat women as meat ( i hate the people that do so ) . i'm not a desperate pervert that drools at every woman that see . really , it seems that some of you misunderstood my statement ... nope . for now . yes , i'm a student of the university of history of cosenza ( an evil place ! xd ) i don't know about usa , but i live in ( the degrading ) italy where to find a girl who is interested in nerdy things is really difficult like the proverbial needle in the haystack . about the ... with my friends i talk about videogames , animes , rpgs and similar ( and nerdy ) things . i think that i'm not accustomed to stay with girls . in addition , i don't have idea how to entertain a conversation with a girl.because of this , i'm scared to interact with one of them . heaven forbid ... thanks man ! xd ahahahah ! it can be a good idea ! yes , but there's a long way to go yet . hugh grant ? what the ... anyway , i think that you are right . but what do you mean with evolutionary oversimplifications ? i've almost overcome this fear . i became friend with two girls , but i'm horrible to small talk . stupid and meaningless small talk . xd yes , why not . i'm not talking about one-night-stands ( i think that it's a sleazy and shallow thing ) . i want only to make female friends and , why not , to have a relationship with one of them , if possible . thanks :-) i don't know if there is any club nearby . i'll ask for information . anyway , today i was able to say few phrases to a random girl . it can be a little victory , i suppose . what do you mean with clubs where people talk naturally as a part of the activity ? i'm scared to talk with stranger women of my age . i think that it is caused by my own behavior and their response . i don't fear rejection , on the other hand . i ' ve this annoying fear because i'm shy . recently i've done small stepa to vanquish this fear , but still i'm paralyzed by the anxiety . i have no idea how to start a conversation and create a deeper ... i love play videogames.actually i played at dark souls , jak an daxter 3 , half life 1 and 2 , assassins creed 2 , various sonic games , megaman x , ninja gaiden 2 , batman arkham city and others . actually i'm ... yes ! i'm interested in norse , egyptian and greek mithology . but i know several creatures from other cultures like the horrible nuckelavee ! keys 2cognition : extraverted sensing ( se ) * * * ( 18.8 ) limited use introverted sensing ( si ) * * * ( 19.8 ) limited use extraverted intuiting ( ne ) ... male infp 42/100 masculine 77/100 feminine ( obviously ) 69/100 androgynus why are you so sad ? do you realize the random things that you said ? real me-infp ideal me-enfj i think that i'm smoke ! maybe an intj mask , while whit my friends i can wear an enfp mask . visionary here ! i took an online test two years ago and i discovered that i'm an infp . any letter , imho.even if i might prefer an exxp girl . ahahaah ! i would have added explore all the f * * * ing multiverse ! . : laughing : anyway , i would live in the middle age , so that i may be an armored knight with an horned sugarloaf helmet that cover my ... when i use te , i become critical , judgmental , cruel and explicit in my words.while this may seem nasty , i think that it can be useful towards certain people . i hate math with all my heart . whatever i can do , i won't achieve the desired results . it'so frustrating and hateful ! you are right analytikathy . i think that the personalities with te and se as dominant functions are higly overrated by italian society standars . i don't drink because i find the taste of alcohol very awful ! furthermore i don't smoke weed or tobacco . my only drugs are internet and videogames . very nerdy , isn't ? this happens to me , too ! thanks mylady , but don't be too sad for me . after all , this is the usual story about the infp male seeking his place in the world . nothing new under the sun .   ... are we all from the south italy ? i would have never said that ! xd ok , i'll respect your will to stay anonymous . very good question ! given that i think that fi and ne are really understimated ( damned world ! ) , i usually feel frustrated as an infp in italy because ... ahahahah ! i write short posts because it will probably take forever to write heftier texts ! i changed the thread title like you said . and i added a rule for this thread ! '