' being superficial ha ? 1 ) i was not bragging . that is how you interpreted what i said . why do you see offense everywhere ? and after that you go personal . i said that i would be happy to talk to you in case you have ... nah , this communication is fruitless . yes , thank you for pointing the wrong phrasing haha . from now on i shall only ask people to “ do ” me favors . kinda funny , how you make such a big deal out ... are you sure you are entp ? you are freaking out so much ... going personal . give me a favor - lets have a civilized discussion haha nah , we do grasp it ) we just think it is bsht . i edited the response - us , entps arguing is a lovely view indeed . what shall we argue about next ? haha ... hm how about ... oh let it come naturally lol entp ladies , does this sound any familiar ? you : we should not start dating , because i will screw you at some point and you will hate me and it will affect our work / friendship / relationship with ... would you care to explain then ? i do not get impression that one is a che-hater from that quote ) ok . maybe admire is not the best term , perhaps it is too strong . for the purpose of arguing my ... nah ... still ... would not put that ugly apple on anything lol ;) there is a statement about che in your signature . and sometimes arguing is pointless , so we come to some conclusion about a ... no way ! i , personally , hate all the apple stuff . it is like writing that we all like chanel # 5 ... and , i also dislike people who admire che guevara . he killed inocent people . so if someone likes ... in a hard , stressful , emotianally painfull situation ( when something bad happened , like when someone is really sick etc ) you go like ok , what do we do now and a list of perfectly rational decisions ... i used to have many problems exactly like the ones that you describe . what changed / tought / motivated me was this : i was required to communicate with my employer exclusively via email - that is ... had to deal with the problem . in my opinion , the best ( very efficient ) assumption to make is that the person who you are writing to is an idiot ( or may be too busy , preoccupied with someting else etc ... and yes . you honestly do not understand why communication between the two sexes some people view as so complicated . just yesterday , was reading the mens-health magazine . i could not help but lol at ... yes , i love that contrast too ) ) and becuase we think like guys , we have guy friends . consequences of that that you have to face : you do have problems explainig that some guy-friend you ... in addition to the thank button they should make a that-is-so-true button :) more on the subject of yelling : when you are certain that you have every right in the world to demand that people behave in the way you think is rigth . sure this does not apply to every sphere of ... when you have tried to be nice to some people who did lose your sympathy at some point , to rephrase the ones who did you wrong . ( why ? ! well , not because you believe that that is what ought to be ... oh , yelling at them has also been an option . content of the yelling being something like : ok , now you ve been talking for 5 minutes but have not said anything that would answer my question ... ! the ... when you hear something like that : x93how did you get him ( the big boss ) to sign a blank piece of paper ? ! ... x94 somehow you can make people do what you say . your bosses too . here is another ... well , nah - i was being sarcastic when mentioned time machine . no feelings ( capital f ) involved . the thing was that i almost got my friend fired . and that was never my intention . so i was pissed at ... who yelling ? me yelleing ? i am not yelling - that is the way i usually talk ! and sometimes entps are annoying hahaha i am glad to deliver entertainment . however , am i being negative ? just stating the obvious i thought . braking things or people or anything else is destructive . sure , you can play with the pieces , be ... blah-blah-blah . there we go - self-centered little us . ego , personal , growth , sacrifice . and , there goes another trait - we ignore things that we do not like , or that do not fit with our ... and welcome to the thread ! oh and also we can be incredible jerks . insensible to the point that we really hurt somebody ( just by being “ oh-so-awesome ” ourselves in the most innocent and careless way etc ) , and when we come to ... oh , i do not even bother to discuss realtionship . i went a . d . d . on all the relationship-posts above . my usual reply to my friend's ( both girls and guys ) complaints about relationsip is - go find ... yeah - i am going to spend two weeks alone . and - i am looking forward that time . same with traveling . don ’ t you think ? i do not mind and actually even prefer to travel alone . there are so many ... entps ( me at least ) are more likely to read a long post if it consists of short points ) i think it is the first long post i ve read here it is just that i visualized the metaphor in a slightly different way . what ? vacuum cleaner of knowledge ? what is that ? meh - everybody says that . you ll be back . guys , being entps we are always trying to figure the world around us out , we are trying to understand how things work . this is in our nature etc etc etc . and now - look at the thread : entps trying to ... office full of sjs hahaha that is the place to run away screaming from just last weekend tried to stop a drunk raging guy ( who i knew went to prison ) . i did that to protect another person . that drunk raging guy ended up backing away from me , because i was poking him ... it does suck , indeed . on the second thought ... who cares ! ? ) ) ) guys , what strikes me most here - is when you see other people write exactly what you once thought yourself . about horror movies - yes , always finding ways to outsmart the bad guys . about the escape ... dont think that anybody has written about this yet . the type is also described as being dangerous . think this is related to one of topics that were discussed here before - what do u do if ninjas ... happy bday ! and yes , it is entp magic ! we all have magic powers ! :) sometimes i really enjoy this little oh-we-are-so-awesome-club ! i mean the thread ) ) and , when , for whatever reason , you are acting just like a normal person would act - you are just being quiet , doing your job , minding your own business , etc , you get concerned looks and questions ... when you agree with the following statement : anything worth doing is worth over doing 21285 so funny ! that is a very precise illustration ! when all of a sudden you have a x93oh my god , what an ass i really am ! ! ! x94 momentx 85 importantly , this comes as another briliant conclusion you arrived at rationally . no feelings or emotions involved ... i will sure explain that . but first i need to write my potential employer that the way he's coding data is totally wrong . after i am done with that , i am all yours entps communicating ... lets us admit that the thread has changed a lot . at the very begining it , the thread , primarily consisted of posts about funny and / or weird types of behavious that are ... defensive - no . confused and entertained - yes ... well , there is additional meaning when one writes prejudicezzz instead of prejudices . if you or anybody else do not get the meaning ... oh ... good point . [ smiles ] oh , really ? do i really have to do this ? well , i do not take this activity any seriously . the only puprose of using this internet resourse is pure entertainment , for me . more specifically , to get ... no dear ... your hope is destined to die . seems to me that the phraze was grammatically correct ... no ? read carefully bebe ) ) eeeh ... well , sorry got distracted , not going to finish wh ...  ... naturally ... ? '