6 years is a long time , what made you decide to reenlist and change jobs ? do you miss being in combat arms now that you're in a separate mos ? what branch is it under ( signal , mi , ect ) ? i feel like ... four years later , my conclusions ... i drank the army cool-aid hard ( i appogize for my last ridiculously enthusiastic post hah ) . if the army was everything it's supposed to be , entps would be ... a little update with the isfj roommate : we get along great and quite literally have never had a fight ! we're good friends :) fellow mbti-ers , don't believe too much in duality and inter type ... i've heard that too , probably would have gone airforce if it was offered here :) the only thing is , airforce is really full right now , everyone and their brother is trying to enlist / rotc there ... actually , that idea just gave me shivers . if , for some reason , you decide to actually join the military , send me a message . let's start a secret militant entp networking association well , it's been awhile since i originally posted this and i thought i should come back and give an update :) joining rotc ( reserve officers training corps ) is one of the best decisions i've ever ... edit : this is me learning social tact [ i do apologize for the essay ! it is a little long , but i added in lots of spaces :) ] so anyway , the situation :D i am a hopelessly love struck entp who has fallen hard for an infp . we hang ... then please refrain from posting i have a disturbing feeling that this is going to be the case ... she's young , only like 16 , and hasnt quite matured into a more accepting person yet . i think it wouldnt be such a big deal if i wasnt ... wow an intp in the marines , that would be a rough transition regardless of your background so to you guys who were in the military , do you have any advice for getting along with superiors ? i'm ... ah but 4 years of hell instead of 10 years of paying off student loans is very tempting i naturally have other , more abstract reasons for wanting to do this , but i'm lazy and dont really want to ... thank you all for your advice ! i'll post how it goes i actually almost joined the marines lol but that was before i got into college thank you for the job advice ! i was going to pick quartermaster lol , do you know anything about logistics ? maybe i ... would in person be better or over a message ? i just realized that last post was a little long-winded , sorry about that i have a really great guy friend who is an intp . he got a new girlfriend who is an isfj . whenever i hung out with him and his gf i always felt that there was a bit of tension ( maybe territorial ? ) ... so i've signed myself up for rotc next year and i'm a little alarmed . who has had experience as an entp in the army ? i'm mostly interested in what you found difficult to deal with and how you ... oh you sweet and infinitely humble infp's :) your selflessness is outrageously cute . it blows my mind how you have so much intuitive power and intellectual potential , yet you just want to use it to ... oh you sweet sweet and infinitely humble infp's , its outrageously cute how you all feel compelled to apologize for the perceived flaws you think exist in your work :) keep up the beautiful writing ! yeah the compulsive organizing and picky-ness was what i was referring to for se ( though to be serious i dont really understand se ) . i'm usually super unorganized and care more about the point of my ... you do have a point here , but then why arent all the nt types so good at last minute ? or are they ? when under stress apparently intp's become super melodramatic and feel sorry for themselves and have ... edit the entp uses se when under stress sorry :) when entp's are under stress , they go si crazy and become obsessed with minor details . this comes in the form of extreme perfectionism so that the entp will either complete the task to perfection or ... i get horrible angry when i feel like i've been manipulated and i didnt catch it sneak hug attacks , usually with more than one person . my f friends started doing this to me when the found out how ridiculously awkward i consider hugging . those strange warm fuzzies are so ... thats sounds rough :( its great that your not trying to fight against yourself as much anymore though , especially after that situation with your friend ! it is upsetting how so many people ( like your ... homoflexible ! awesome term lol i love it hahaha well , after rewriting this message several times in an attempt to be sensitive , i have concluded that i really dont think i'm capable of not being ... hm good point , i do suppose i wasn't writing to my audience lol was it hard for you to accept ? i wonder if it would be a moral issue for you guys and yes bi people are great as well :) :) :) just doing some spontaneous learning :D gahhh forgot transgender ! if you are transgender , feel free to just post with your vote do you guys exist ? ? please share your story :D will do ty for the advice ! heyya friendly infp's ! so my best friend ( infp female ) of four years is at basic training at west point right now and i dont know what to do . well really the only thing i can do is write her letters ... hahaha yes from what i am reading it sounds like you should just be yourself . and if you end up stuttering and turning red after asking the question , she'll probably take it as a compliment and will ... just like anything else , you start at the beginning when you learn something . do you really think that an entp like myself wouldnt be able to survive in the wilderness because i come from a place ... i agree . what ever you , try not to make him feel like you are there for him because he was there for you . when people do this with me , it turns the whole thing into like a business transaction . it ... i have an infp friend who is a valedictorian ( after taking all ap classes her high school career ) she got some scholarship for having a 2200 something sat 0 . o intelligence is based on how ... wait whaaa ? the never ending battle . the only way i can do it is to talk to someone about the overall goal and get amped about it . for example , when i procrastinate on school work , i either go visit the college ... oh where to start its clear that your attempts at arguments are only a ploy to distract yourself from the obvious truth that you are truly just desperate and flawed . picking pointless fights over ... feel free to start making sense - really anyday now ... or maybe your just high and thats why no one is getting what the fuck your talking about edit : no attack intended of course :) 1 . who are you referring to ? 2 . seriously chill , you sound hella pissed with no attack intended : happy : : laughing : you pretty much took my entire scattered thought process and put it into words . * claps * :p roud : ty but its a lie . i understand the need for emotional manipulation with people who cant handle / would rather not handle the honesty , but i personally put my faith in the truth . besides , most emotional ... hahahahahahah he does sound very entp-ish . he probably mulls it over because he's a t and doesnt naturally relate to feelings and knows he can be a little harsh . he cares about you and doesnt want to ... i think alot of times we dont really recognize what we feel . when someone asks me how i feel i subconsciously make a pro and con list and decide how i feel based on that . i neither know nor ... i love nf's ! :) they have a way of indirectly making me feel warm and fuzzy : crazy : which is really weird because i dont really get like that ... like ever ... i feel like they make me feel more human ... honesty is a big one . i would rather be told the brutal truth then to be lied too . i respect people who are intellegent , but mature . i think people who feel deeply are interesting but its not a ... why thank you :p roud :