' finance-related stuff like accountant , sales , marketing , teller , cashier , banker , and so on . can't even imagine the horror if i were the one . ugh . luckily , i've never do such jobs for living yet so ... thanks for the advice . you're right , i have to remind myself about my goal , the fire in me that letting me to keep going on . maybe i'm just a bit distracted , hehe . as for the second half of rant ... hi there , it's been a while . a lot of things have happened , and now i'm in college ( yep , psychology major , finally ) . now i'm kinda having a hard time to control myself and stay productive . i don't ... well , i only need help for the registration fee + 1st term fee , which is due to early august . the rest is pretty much the same , divided every 6 months . i can manage to pay the rest since i have job ... hi , there . my name is erick , i'm the only son in my family , and i've turned 21 earlier in this year . this year i got acceptance from the university where i plan to enrolled to . they cut the tuition ... whitechocolatedrip yeah , we sleep while running on the treadmill . our breakfast as we woke up is the nearest dumbbell we can reach . amazed enough ? jokes aside , let's say that i'm your less ... hmm , as cold as lemon juice i guess . the coldness depends on the ice that are filling the glass and the environment where the lemon juice is , is it in the fridge ? at the beach exposed by the sun ? or ... whoa , i'm really amazed by all of effort poured by people here to keep the thread going . hopefully this thread will be able to give that imaginary big hug to those who need it ( including me :p ) , and ... my life in ruins . it's an old movies but i don't know why the carefree vibe in the movies draws me in . i always remind myself to bring my kefi wherever i go afterwards . do you listen to the ... i used to be an altar boy at the local when i was young . i had small stature back then so most of the robes that are available is too big for me . during holy thursday i was wearing that over-sized ... that's some amazing ideas you have there , i can tell how compassionate you are as you explain everything . this kind of support is needed for a better undertanding of self , since everyone needs to ... my friend once said it's because i didn't make much noise and plays well by myself . people often come and just sitting beside me as they watch me cutting papers , telling me some stories , get up after ... i've just had my birthday last friday , and it was a tranquil day , as usual . i get messages from my friend ( yep , singular ) and my family , and my mom cooks me a noodle and boiled egg ( it's a customary ... i love learning new things , anything that sparks my interest will do . i like calculus , chemistry , biology , psychology , language and literacy , play harmonica , recycling old things , cooking , repairing ... hmm , as much as you have to be yourself , i think it won't hurt to just smile , let them know that you are feel welcomed ( maybe ) . then again , if i were in your shoes , such invasion to my personal space ... fellow youngsters ~ i'm 21 this april and i think we are going through similar phase currently . pretty much the same like zynthaxx , i'll say reach out and do something , keeping our mind and hands ... hmm ... i'd like to be one of these . 1 . caretaker or protector , maybe ? tutor , counselor , assistant , helper , or even butler xd 2 . organizer . i can help in archiving the data , soft copy and hard copy ... i don't know whether it's really count as a wish , but i wish to contain that one wish in an accessories ( ring , perhaps ? ) . i can give it to others or use it for myself in the future . actually i ... mrb well , that's me xd still not fully-developed yet in here , and still have a lot to discover :p well , i'll try ... since i think this could help me to know myself more :p 1 . teaching at school is one of his passion . though he's still lacking , he always tries his best to encourage his students ... i come because i'm attracted by the smell of fantasy and imagination ~ no scenarios come to my mind at the moment , since what i've imagined is pretty much have been said pretty clear by you guys ... * drumroll * dum-tss trolling at its finest xd err , i don't think mine is counted as on-going project , but i'll try ... - to form my own foundation , and build schools afterwards . started by saving money and study harder - curriculum planning ... err , i don't think mine is counted as on-going project , but i'll try ... - to form my own foundation , and build schools afterwards . started by saving money and study harder - curriculum planning ... vacious well , you've help me a lot , along with fellow istp in that another thread , which i prefer to be buried deep down after all since it's embarrassing ( - / / / - ) your actions for reaching out and ... depends on your view , i guess ... from my point of view the forum is just fine this way though ? i learn a lot from people in here , which is an eye-opener experience . i'm glad to join this forum . hope ... err , it's nothing much , since most of the time i stay indoor ... in my backpack : laptop and it's charger , pencil case with lots of stationery inside , water bottle 1.2 litre , snacks , candies , ... hi , new member here . his name is erick , born in 1994 but his mental age is 56 already . some of my personality typology if it helps mtbi : istp eneagram : 5w6 socionics : sli disc types : d ... after my rejection it seems that nothing change between us so far . that person knows that i was about to say no , and we both understand that there so much thing we could do together as friends ... and if words can't get through him , knee-kick right on the face will do :p now you said it , i don't want to meet such people , for sure . goosebumps . well , someone ever said that memories of ... thanks a lot , guys , i think it's getting better now . that person said that we are just friends and respects my decision . happy ending , i guess ? :p well , if we are close by distance i'd treat you ... heartofpompeii err , okay . sorry to hear that . that man was just having fun with his rose-colored view towards his high school life , i guess . well , at least he wasn't around you anymore right ? well , we got the point anyway xd but i think sometimes we have to be cold to get things clear , no ? heartofpompeii yeah , i already reject the feelings firmly . that person said that the answer is to be expected , since that person knows me too well . this . exactly the same . you are my senior ... heartofpompeii yeah , you were right . by asking that person to make a list must be insulting already . but what can i do ? it's just stupid me trying to rationalize everything , though i still need to ... murdock oh , what a caring mom . glad you have someone that take care over your well-being :D well , prepare yourself and wish you a good luck ~ murdock yeah , first one . usually i explain well , but it seems that i made you guys confused right now ... cinnamon 83 yes , ma'am ~ * salute it's my first time so i just don't know what to do ... murdock i see ... sorry about that . have you tried to look for doctor's help ? what did they said ? yes , i've should stated it earlier , sorry about that . yeah , confession as in someone said that in romantic manner to me , and i just don't know what to do . platorepublic err , how to watch us sleeping ? it's not like we are close by distance ... by webcam ? and why do you want to watch us sleeping ? it's not a good sight to see , you know . also i think we ... the title says it all . i got one just recently , and i don't know what to do . my brain just cannot processed all this romantic thingy , errgh : confused : and to think istp always find a way out to ... jinhong 91 ouch xd i prefer to be called according to my age though , which is pretty young for some people . haha , what a complicated brat i am ~ i see ... so when one still wonder about their own ... glyphs once upon a time , the tv series , first season . the one about snow white , if you follow that series . i won't tell you why , though , to avoid spoiler :p effenelle i think it just sounds ... glyphs once upon a time 1st season's plot also quite similar in that perspective , after reading murdock explanation . effenelle well , i'll try to stay under the radar , like what vacious has ... well , nowadays i always put my current thoughts , emotions or feelings on a post-it-notes , stick it on my bedroom door , so every time i open the door i'll read across those notes and subconsciously ... just went home after teaching , and look what we've found ... thanks a lot , guys ( - - ) d so it appears that this kind of old soul in young body and its reverse is more common and relatable than we ... i often heard that maturity had nothing to do with age , how is that possible ? just wondering why people around me always said that i'm grandpa trapped in young body . i'm just being me , though ? and ... beg for your life , peasants , or i'll suck you dry , hahaha ~ well , my kids at school said i'm werewolf because of that canine xd cannot helped it , every time i smiled that part just protuding by ... well , i got your point ... and i think i experienced it too sometimes . does that makes me an asshole too ? :p instead of generalizing , i always tried my best to treat each person differently based ... burden of knowing is not something to be taken lightly , and i'm sure you know about it already . most people that knows a lot tend to be pessimistic and sentimental , because it seems that there is ... '