' i didnt see where i said anything about jealous - and no christians dont refer to his as evil - um yeah - what are you 5 years old ... entjwillruletheworld since the post was the last was one i didnt feel a need to post as i have in the others - hannibal - said how did intro turn into a war end quote i understand what you are going threw . after my divorce i questioned myself alot and still do at times , with many of the questions you asked on here . i felt i had put so much into and made many ... i dont see a war . i think we are all trying to show the other belief and why all stories written in the bible have to be elaborated and made seem more drastic for us to get a clear pic . and a clear insight on what the story holds for us - there is meaning in them all for ... peter - science isnt possible with out the knowledge that was placed with us by god - you seem to have your own explanation for every thing - and i'm glad that you are so certian that science - ... skyclouds - your right god didnt make the the cross for the killing of his son ... the non believers did - but do you think its possible that it was already known his child would die and how he would ... and yes it was made into many religions - but it was taught in the bible that there would be many false religions and the bibe typically speaks of christians we are the one's that have to prove to be worthy of our god - you have it backwards you believe it has happened . many of the events are not historically proven or provable ok - why does god , the one who created man-have to prove anything to his creation ... what i was doing is trying to give who choose to read this another option . i would be a terrible sales person : > i am very backward in person most of the time - i dont know what to say to ppl i dont ... peter : no i wasn't , you are free to believe what youever you want , fact : majority of posts here are searching , asking questions and needing answers . i believe some questions are found threw god , ... believe what you want that is a choice and i am not trying to change your beliefs , just to reconigize that it is possible your wrong . : mellow : and he's supposed to be all-knowing , yet we've got numerous examples from the bible itself where he couldn't have known everything , such as adam and eve eating the fruit , the need for a giant ... god is fake until proven real in the same way that i am innocent until proven guilty . it's a never ending case with millions of ' lawyers ' on each side ok ... i understand that ... but that is ... its not a lie . we can believe what we choose to and i choose there is a god . i was simply stating my opinion . are you also often heard saying that you're not running away , but tactically retreating ? no i always run away ok , skycloud : - - - so because something slightly ( and emphasis on slightly ) resembles a rather mundane and not very ... well no i am not an athiest , i know god ( my god ) , the creator . i am infj , ( i can't believe the say infj's like religion ) , i do have intution and it tells me there is more than we see . miracles , they ... i am new to perc . but i see alot of pain here , everyone serching for something , me included . i found this place as i was reading about my personality type and what it meant . i was not suprised at ... i cant seem to stop reading the threads of other's with my type . i see so much of them in myself , so it helps me alot acts totally disconnected at family get togethers and other friends unless they are his . successful in management and seems to be outgoing when in control ? any ideas ? i seem to be attracted to power , men that have important jobs , or are very popular . i am just the opposite of that , and it is a very big probem in long term relationships . i have no trouble getting ... i would say yes i would save them ... any ideas on how to change these , i hate almost all those things about myselfff . if you were asking me ? i just typed in google eneagram type the enneagram is a personality system which divides the entire human personality into nine behavioral tendencies , this is your score on each ... type 1 perfectionism | | 54 % type 2 ... i dont think anyone likes being alone , but its necessary sometimes for me , infj . i feel judged when around ppl , i can be me at home and when i am not around ppl . i liked being married but it was ... just curious about how we come to estabilish these traits ? could it be influenced by our childhood and other factors in our life , or is it as simple s the place of the planets at the time we are ... it depends on the situation . if i enter a room with a few friends that introduce me to a set of new people i am very backward . if i go for a job interview i am very outgoing one on one but when a ... you know your an infj when you say something and wonder if it was the right thing to say when you feel ike everything is your fault when your explaining something and asked what r u talking ... i can be a very big smart ass , but jokingly ... my mind seems to wonder about personal things in my life , each night it's basically the same thoughts , so i turn on the tv and it stays on all night . eventually when i wake around 4am , i turn it off ... i would change mine , if that was possible . i seem to question my feeling alot lately , is this right or is that right ? its nuts hi , infp , i am infj ... i am still learning about my type , i find it so interesting and wish i had learned there this aong time ago . i have only recently seen that there are other ppl that have ... intj's are very caring people , though we don't let people see that side of us . i cant say for certian , but the part about being intelligent , i dont see where i am very intelligent either but i guess ... its funny that you bring that up ... that happens to me also , like today in conversation i said to my ex husband - about divorce agreement ... the court date has been moved and the house ... he ... i have to agree with you , we pick our battles carefully . i think that is one reason i am misunderstood such as a conflict or just letting things go with out discussing them , is , somethings i find ... i have to agree with you , we pick our battles carefully . i think that is one reason i am misunderstood such as a conflict or just letting things go with out discussing them , is , somethings i find ... that sounds so much like me ... i can cut threw someone i love with my words , and it dont happen much and i always feel terrible after they fall out of my mouth .. especially if someone has hurt my ... your type is infj introverted intuitive feeling judging strength of the preferences % 44 25 12 22 i m still learning what all this means - no clue - more introvert than anything ... i am a pisces , and i love astrology . i sord of got away from it when i had my first child , but now i am back into learning as much as i can . pretty cool also i wanted to mention , meeting people , i think depends on the mindstate we are in , and it just may be me . sometimes when i meet a new person in my family enviorment , i am talkative , however if i ... hi ... i always disliked the meeting new people , but it is anxiety for me . i drift and wonder what i will say rehearsing the initial hey , hello , or how are you's , for hours before i know i have to ... i agree that us infj's don't like confrontation but it is more complicated than black and white . i personally just joined this site and i havn't had the chance to actually speak with other's like ... lol - yes , its the blonde hi , i am trying to figure out my type of personailty .. i definatly thinf the first test i took was correct it seems to be more fitting than any of the other tests combinations .. i took the meyers and ... mine is an 8 - i love astrology : > '