' i do and i have a child of my own . however , my child does not possess certain behaviors due to his gender . his preferences do change overtime and its main importance is for the child's developmental ... pixie 85 , clarification . you clearly misunderstood what i meant . i was implying its consequences and disadvantages that is responsible for negative behavior or what can often result from a traditional ... hello isfjs , i have a question that i would like to ask each one of you and it pertains to tradition . why are isfjs attracted to tradition , what are the reasons and the main motivators for being ... i thought that maybe staring was a part of the isfjs desire to observe and get to know people a bit more , but is staring too much ? i do not talk to him except he initiates the usual greetings of ... i am starting to notice that an isfj that i know from school has been observing if not staring at me a lot of times . he is more closer to a teacher that helps out other students than an actual ... you are an intp . i have a close friend that i am around a lot of times and she is exactly as you describe along with the similar descriptions and responses . she always questioned her own beliefs and ... can anyone help ? can anyone try and figure out what type person x is from this piece of conversation ? any insights as far as their cognitive functions ? i can't seem to figure it out on my own . i am curious what ... what are your perspectives based on free will , do you think we ( as agents ) have free will ? explain . i asked someone to define the question i had in mind and what it meant to him . what functions do you think he uses as he explained what it meant to him ? inputs would be appreciated . question : ... passive but can be passive aggressive when irritated and aggressive when pushed to my limits . typical response though . : happy : something unusual always kept my interests . i don't necessarily need a stimulating conversation as i used to , since i am used to live without and been doing so for about a year now . i would like it ... i rarely go out and ever communicate with anybody and if it is with an sj , it is to simply be acquainted . at this level , i hardly know anything about them but what it is that they do on a daily basis ... in some aspects , i am still unable to recognize facial expressions and patterns . i am having an incredibly hard time in adjusting to this and i have made him understand my weakest points where he is ... i have not had many experiences with sjs in general , so it is hard to list any similarities if there is hardly anything in common for us to even begin talking out of nowhere . i am assuming there will ... it can be unstable . there are times where others validate it and i'd go by that compliment but it does not make me feel confident . i have always placed doubt in compliments , what others say and ... i don't think it would illicit any response or reaction coming from me since there are different levels of intelligence , whether it would match up with mines or not is none of my concern . i would , ... i am married to an isfp and in need of clarification in order to understand the mentality of an isfp . we have been married for several years now and maintaining a long distance relationship since ... i was guilty of using the same approach until i realized how destructive it was to illicit a response by confusing a person emotionally . it created unresolved conflicts and grudges over an analysis ... it is hard to figure out our conscious and thought processes , how much more with the human subconscious ? when technology is advanced enough for humans to map the human consciousness and ... it does not seem like there is any compatibility between the two of you . you need to move on . i think she meant that it could have been handled better than to confuse someone with their ... istp , not isfp , infp or intp . you do not sound like an intp since i am not seeing any ne in your writing but se . i'm not even sure if this would successfully turn out to be a healthy relationship . consider it from both sides , they communicate on a different scale and often finding disagreements on something ... narcissism is an overly used word that is often misunderstood . as far as i know , npd is still not well understood neither . the story of it is , morality stands on the other side while immoral stands on the opposite side . the definitions and what makes morality and immorality is irrelevant . where does amoral stand ? i think ... they are hard to find , even then , they are usually mistyped for an esfj or enfp . want to talk and find out ? he seems to be a confusing person . don't take whatever that he says personally and confront him about it in private if it bothers you . no , they are not similar . esfjs are more comfortable in a social setting and has a tendency to be heard in a larger audience rather than an isfj and their quiet nature . they are most likely not to be ... you clearly look like an isfp on a lot of your pictures but it is a bit hard for others to tell what your personality type is through your pictures . you seem unsure as to what an intuitive really stands for , but you're going to need to add more details to your description . the description does not really help in finding out whether he's an istp or not . glenn strikes to me as a strong fi and se user . isfp . as for the rest , i haven't paid attention to them enough to conclude it to be true . from my experience , you can show them other methodological ways other than the ways that has been conventionally introduced to them . the reasons stretch to varying degree . for one , we can assume ... i know my husband , an isfp , is in tune with easy but romantic love songs , like jazz for example . he told me he liked kenny g . hi ! i am also interested in science but since it is such a broad topic , i can only narrow it down to a selective few so i can understand what i need to understand . what are you interested in ? have you considered isfj ? you seem to be an extraverted feeling dominant . try infj or isfj . i suppose intjs avoid direct eye or any physical contact with the person and appear as if they do not like the person when they do . it's a complex feeling that is not easily understood , from what ... anyone can enjoy sports , it's a fun activity that friends and family can do during the weekend for example . i mean , if you are refraining from a certain activity because of your type , it is not to be ... try to look up the differences between the main and primary functions . introverted feeling and extraverted intuition or introverted intuition and extraverted feeling . there are huge differences ... welcome . i am also new here ! i would usually post to threads or posts that i might have something to say to , or you could get to know somebody from here . each temperaments belonging to an intuitive has a form of discrimination set against them . for instance , an intuitive's stereotypically approach in communicating in a generalized term ( or in big ... almost every isfj would agree that sex is equated with establishing a long term relationship when they are in love with the person they chose to live with for the rest of their lives . several isfjs i ... you moved away for a reason for the greater good and this is what should motivate you from being too emotionally overwhelmed . i am sorry if i did not help . it might also help you if you contacted ... they are prone to such emotions , even at work but it is usually that they are looking for harmony and to get along with other team members . this is from my experience with a family member . frustration , maybe . motivated and supporting , maybe not entirely frustrated but rather helpful and would create a better learning environment for the teacher and the student . like or dislike does not ... it's the environment that's motivating such behavior to occur , otherwise it would be limited if the anyone of any type were less aware of the descriptions and stereotypes associated with it . it is almost as if nts are emotional creatures hiding under a veil . it's revealed when someone gets closer in terms of a long term relationship . there are anti ( insert the title ) for everything , including sensors and intuitives . i believe that sjs are also more willing to wait for any sexual contact until marriage , however this is not always true . surprisingly , there are other temperaments that might be keeping this ... 1 ) boring 2 ) imaginative 3 ) scatter brained 4 ) silent 5 ) generous '