' , thanks a lot for the insightful discussion ! and for taking the time to write all that . i really appreciate your input . there is a lot to think about , i have also shown your reply to my ... hello , intp's i am a typical isfj and my wife and i have been married for nearly 5 months . before that we were dating for 2 years , so we know each other quite well . well , if any one can ever fully ... if i would be in his place and would be displaying a reaction like this , i would probably need affirmation about the relationship . you see , isfjs are hyperloyal and the worst thing to them is letting ... oooh you are sooo teasing me - i love baking ! teasing me to try and make it myself - i will probably not eat it though its too unhealthy ! ! i agree with this comment . so far the reseach i have conducted shows that it is an isfj who would be a perfect match ( dual ) for an entj . :) i am so sorry to hear about your family conditions :( i can only imagine how heavy this must have been on you all this time . it's like you have been hoping and thinking and relying on different ... this is very true to me and to many other isfj's . being an emotional person , we often need to process our feelings extravertedly . but being so sltruistic does not allow us to do so every time , ... as an isfj , i am extremely organized and scheduled . at the same time , just like you yourself have noted , the emotions are there , tucked away beneath the surface , rigorously bubbling and certainly not ... on that beautiful day when i first had met you i had promised myself i will never forget you . gentle smile on your face , waves of beautiful hair ... you just blew me away , all i could do was ... awww ! ! ! : kitteh : you are such a darling , justsomeone ! ! : tongue :: wink : thanks for showing appreciation ! : crazy : oh , this is sooo me ! : sad : ok , then what do you think about deadlines ? i fell that you have been too overwhelming for the guy here . :) i mean , it sounds like he is the only person in your life ! do you have any other friends , both men and women ? as far as an isfj goes , ... can i join the siblings ' ranks ? : tongue : are isfj less sexually permissive ? i am still a virgin , but i know what i am looking for in a relationship . i am not big on physical touch and pda and will definitely not engage into anything unless ... there is nothing worse for an isfj than to be with someone , care for them , look out for them - only to find out that they have used you and eventually dumped you because you are of no further use for ... this is very true of me ! i would not maybe call it my dark side , but i would say this is a pain in the butt every day . i used to think that i am a good people-reader in the past . but i came to ... i feel you - it can be totally frustrating , and although isfj's are generally very reliable , being reliable with so many people actually scatters us all over the place , bringing our reliability to ... how busy do you like to be ? first of all , welcome to the isfj forums ! hope you like your stay here ! i have to say , ( 1 ) and ( 3 ) are spot-on for me ! i am exactly like this - a little anxious about important conversations and ... https://fbcdn-sphotos-c-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-ash3/1017285_10151661823920339_2084462010_n.jpg if you will not enjoy yourself , no one will enjoy you . the best way to be a blessing to others is to be content with yourself first - the rest will flow from within . when there is too much on my plate to handle at the very moment ... then i just stop doing everything , run to a corner and cry it all out . then i feel better and can actually pick my life back up and ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pRpeEdMmmQ0 i love my inner world - it is not like a place anywhere here on earth , but is something of eternity god has placed inside all of us . i enjoy spending time with myself , rethinking about my life , past ... thank you for your thank you :) did i mention how we love an element of surprize ? hahaha ! ! : kitteh : it sounds to me like your isfj friend is emotionally isolated by all the stress and tension of your project . i don't know about you , but intj's tend to be very performance oriented ( my mom is one ! ) ... yeah - this is a great idea ! ! whenever you write your memories , focus more on how you felt in that moment , how what she said / did made you feel . try not to discuss the details and the events for the ... maybe he is intp , coz his room is always so messy and disorganized ... hmmm ... isfj + isfj = ? ? ? how will it feel if i date myself ? i think ... dull and boring the thing is - i have my dreams , desires and aspirations ... so another isfj will have their own . so ... i am an isfj and my younger brother is a mighty istp ... this said , the quotes above represent the two huge areas where we struggle most . i am so organized , and he is as chaotic as a milk shake - this ... oh yeah , here are some resources for you to ponder about : personality description : portrait of an isfj stress : ( you are there too ! - maybe show it to her ? ) ... i am glad you are willing to put in the effort to make your so happy ! it is indeed so nice of you - few people are so committed and involved as you sound to be . as an isfj , i can go on and on ... this is a very interesting thread ! i have an entp friend , but we are just getting to know each other better so i don't have any strong opinion about how we interact through all the ups and downs of ... you have summed my own views quite well ! there is nothing more ecstatic than living my life at my own pace and seeing how people change for the better through coming into contact with me and how i ... 72732 this was last year :) i live my life at a very slow pace ... it is a little surprize to me since i am an extreme j . but i think my j is projected outwards , while in my own personal space i am as slow as the universe ... use your rational thinking to help and assist her . i presume she feels about just about anything . so sometimes she will feel that doing stuff is good and fine , while in fact it is draining her and ... :) ) ) observing is like sitting in a circus - while discussing is staging the show ! man ! people are so delicious to discuss ! no wonder some fall prey to temptation of gossip now and then ! i'm glad we have it legal here , really ! : wink : really ? i would indeed consider it impractical and a waste fo time and resources . but i guess there are deeper things at stake here - like self-fulfilment . mine comes from bringing order and ... this is very true ! one intrinsic trait of mine - and most sfj's - is that we need to be needed ... so obviously i have been a keen observer of my bro's life and how and where can i assist ... with ... welcome - why don't you introduce yourself in the newcomers ' section ? :) i totally feel you ! my brother is an incarnation of tarzan the apeman ! : laughing : i love baking ... well , he loves devouring it , but totally refuses to lend a helping hand because he wants to be ... yip , that's the casus belli here . your post is very explanatory , and i am very very grateful ! ! let's call this a non-cruel experiment - the results will follow shortly ! :) ) from one isfj to another ... you want to be a blessing , to be needed , to serve and help people , expecting nothing in return . its cool i am like that too . but you know what ? .. only some people will ... ... when you make 100 % sure you are 99.9 % percent prepared if you know there will be at least one stranger involved - we do want to make a perfect first impression don't we ! ;) thanks ! yeah so far i have read some of the posts - especially debates and i really love it ! it's so interesting to see how different personalities respond to the same things . at the same time among ... yeah ! forums are for talking - for lots of talking ! '