' i think nichya had some valid suggestions as far as advice goes , and while i don't really have anything to add advice wise , i do offer solidarity towards your situation . i'm in the exact same ... i was reorganizing my notebooks and writings and realize i've lost an entire notebook of poetry ! : frustrating : they were incomplete poems , and i'm sure the majority of them i was going to ... i experience the same response from time to time myself , especially from an isfp buddy of mine in real life , though i think it's possible a few others i've talked to may have felt the same way . ... learning the cognitive functions and how they process information ( and to an extent how that can potentially manifest in behavior ) can help in areas of type confusion and trying to figure out your ... can't help but look forward to thanksgiving dinner ! : laughing : i'm a bit of a foodie , and this meal usually involves a couple of family recipes that are made and served for this holiday only . best way i've heard it put , is that it's just an instrument used to measure and order your preferred / most used cognitive functions . beyond that , everything else is just a variable to how the ... brown rice contains phytate , which can ( potentially ) make it more difficult for the body to digest nutrients , i forget which ones in particular , but that's a drawback . brown rice also contains ... if you attempt it again , or really make any rice based dish , don't stress over white rice or brown rice . i think the latest verdict and findings on types of rice ( white or brown ) is that ... it's no problem , but what do you mean by being the other way around ? mostly , the blog post was about how these tests can lead to mistypes among the intuitive types , but it also mentions how se ... at least there isn't a voice with no-body . that online tests ( according to the post ) are usually biased towards intuitive answers . was reading a blog post about how many mbti tests online are biased towards more intuitive answers and so causes a lot of mistyping among said intuitive types because they go with the test results ... 1 . everyone has bad days . take it easy , do what you need to do , and keep on moving even if it's at a crawl . 2 . pretty similar to my first answer . just keep on going . 3 . i listen if a friend ... so what about countries like japan ? they're not heavily religious , at least as not as traditionally defined as heavily religious , and they also lack the background and history of abrahamic ... . why did the people of the village tolerate the local cannibal ? he would always offer a spare hand . you might just end up enjoying it though , and just because you're at a social event for work , doesn't mean you have to feel like they'd expect you to drink ! sounds like quite the place to work ... sword of justice just to be clear , were these arguments originating from a game ( you keep mentioning characters and factions ) or were these just forums where flame wars would happen ? either ... sword of justice it sounds like you just had a bad experience with some internet flamers and / or trolls . harsh words can have an impact on us if we are continuously subjected to them and they can ... granted , a flame war is not discussion or debate . it's just angry people typing whatever vitriol they can . that being said , such online interactions can always just be ignored rather than taken ... how can growth as a person , the exchange of ideas and views or the examination of values be undertaken then if said values and beliefs are not challenged and debated ? and what if our fates are not tied up in the stars or in decks of cards ? i'm honestly not sure where i would want to visit in france . perhaps the countryside where i have seen some beautiful chateaus featured on travel shows . i think i'd really want to do a culinary ... lol , i'm aware . i was making a little , well in my mind it was , a joke because bob ross is one of those artists because of the controversy of well he's not an authentic artist because he makes a ... i haven't given much of a look into oil painting , meaning i'm almost completely unaware of it's use except for a vague memory of it being taught in art class many moons ago ! : laughing : i'll have ... arts and crafts stores are just awesome to browse around in ! found some great beginner guidebooks to watercolor painting , and now may be looking into acrylics as well . i really want to use ... i love spicy foods and peppers . i enjoy eating pickled jalapeno peppers ( the ones most commonly used in tex-mex recipes such as on nachos ) straight from the jar as a snack either in whole or the ... i wish i knew myself ! : laughing : i'm trying to recall if i did anything different from how i would normally act at a restaurant , and the only different behavior that comes to mind is that i ... while eating at an indian restaurant me and some friends of mine wanted to try , the waitress was really friendly and started chatting it up with us . she was our age and has just finished college and ... how do people plan and manage long term life goals ( several years or more ) ? all that work for something with as many variables and unknowns as life . : confused : what is the thread even about anymore ? nice guy syndrome ? guys who are genuinely nice ? social ethics ? : confused : double post i think it's impossible to prove such conjectures . however , as far as your original definition of nice guy goes , i actually do agree with the definition of it . i say this because i'm sure some ... nice guy as seen using quotes , has become similar to the term social justice warrior . a different topic in itself , but it's similar to what i'm trying to get at . it has basically become a ... i think i see where some confusion may have occurred , but still , it doesn't have anything to do with mbti or infps because you can find moments of nice guy syndrome in all types . your original ... from what i'm reading , it looked as if you're changing the definition / actions of nice guy . the original post had what we commonly consider the definition of someone experiencing nice guy ... this one may be a little odd , and it really isn't all that old either , but it's falling out of use due to the introduction of newer models and ways of making the machine . i'm talking about soda ... that can come into conflict with your original definition of nice guy as used in this thread . someone that can't seem to handle interaction with women , get rejected and then they throw a fit about ... i have to eat gluten free pizza due to celiac , and it's both incredible and beautiful how far humans have been able to come in making such pizza taste good , and almost unable to tell the difference ... have you tried emailing for a new password ? there was a hack on the site and as a safety measure they changed everyone's passwords and their password changing procedure as well . i didn't say it was safe . i said damage can be mitigated and precaution taken . you feel strongly about protecting the environment , and care for the environment is a good thing . however , i disagree ... this sounds like a rather extreme opinion on racing to hold and i am curious as to how you have come to such a conclusion . the affects of racing on our environment ? sure , there can be some ... hell of an illusion though isn't it ? we can go to a magic show and be entertained , but when life presents us with one of it's tricks it gets more of a reaction out of us than any stage magician ... discussed computer specifics with a more technology inclined friend and found out that even at the lowest of settings , it may be difficult for me to play the games i want to play , even if i get ... odds are , enlightenment is just as much a concept of the ego as any other state of being . so we're back at square one and we can't pass go and we aren't allowed to collect $ 200 . : tongue : i think most people do this in various degrees . that's one of the many things that makes us humans so weird . we ask for advice when , nine times out of ten , we already have a decision made and we ... nah . once a movie is done i may find myself discussing it with friends , which could include alternative endings or different circumstances in the story happening that could have enhanced or ... my muscles have never been this sore from a workout before ( or that means i wasn't giving it my all in previous workout routines ) ... ouch ow ow ow : confused : cognitive functions some internet tests are better than others in that they try to measure cognitive functions as well . i say try because i'm not sure how anything other than yourself can ... i tend to read and contemplate a variety of philosophies and philosophers , but i don't think any of them lean towards the subject of time at extensive lengths , or i have not read their works on ... '