' so true ! i said earlier that my face was very expressive and it got me into trouble . the real reason it most often gets me into trouble is because my faces are involuntary responses to internal ... dear enfj , i think i finally figured out why your sudden turn from being friend-who-i-could-talk-about-anything-with , to person-who-wants-to-pretend-we're-just-casual-acquaintances bothers me so ... i have a decent tolerance for certain kinds of pain ( cuts , needles , etc . ) . i can't handle pain mixed with pressure , though . i had so many people tell me that , because of the drugs / epidural , i ... my husband and i are infp / estj , too ! it's so rare to come across that . really interesting . my mom is isfj . i thought she was an esfj for so long because of all the insane emotional guilt trips ... yeah . two of the three people who recently referred to me as intimidating have witnessed me being passionate about something ( and also my emotional intensity ) . i think the other one might just be ... infp-indigo ... but that probably doesn't count so ... purple . misconceptions : i have opinions ( about trivial things ) that i am concealing from other people truth : when i have an opinion that i am not concealing from myself , you'll know it . it probably ... this is really interesting . i don't know too many people who feel this way about their values ( being personal ) and their religious beliefs . i feel the same way , but articulating it to people ( who ... yeah . i think that when my values are crossed and i get angry ( and vicious , and somehow simultaneously passionate and fiery and cold ) i might be a bit intimidating ( or , you know , utterly ... that's the same reason that i didn't sleep last night ! : laughing : thinking in terms of being a 4 , then yeah , i can see being intimidating . i'm super intimidated by other 4s , and i even understand ... this happens to me constantly ! i think with a lot of people , the introversion / extroversion thing might play a big role . i'm scared of other introverts ( heck , i'm scared of other ... for real ? ! crime ? ! hilarious ! nope . i'm pretty much daydreaming about scenarios where people notice / care about me ( rather than forget that i exist ) . i do think the zoning out / daydreaming thing ... i think the english teacher thing is so funny , because i had an english teacher tell me the opposite ... that she could read me like a book by my facial expressions ! the thing is , i often do zone out ... i have so many involuntary facial expressions . they used to get me in trouble when i was a kid , because my face was giving away my true emotions in a very animated way , without my even knowing it . ... despite being the exact stereotype of the fluffy , emotional , cute , dreamy infp , and despite being the type of person that goes out of her way to be self-deprecatingly funny and make other people feel ... i just got a new job , and everyone there is shocked to discover that i have children . i am 30 , but everyone there , independently of one another , has thought that i was 22 or 23 . i think it's ... yes ! i'm usually so quirky-sweet-pacifistic and self-effacing , but if i am made aware of injustice , or someone harming someone else ( or someone doing something i believe is wrong ) , i snap . i'll ... i have been married ( inexplicably ) to an estj for eight years . i don't tend to be attracted to sj types at first , but it turns out that i need the j to balance my extreme p-ness . i have a lot of ... my cat ( known as mean kitty to my friends ) is a super-diabolical intj . socially - 23 spiritually - 101 mentally / intellectually - 45 physically - 70 emotionally / psychologically - 6 pisces . and i'm such a pisces ... but that's probably completely coincidental ( my estj husband is also a pisces , if that tells you anything ) . i got 80/100 , but the page that shows your score out of 100 only seems to show your score for one section of the entire test . if you look into the sample of the full report , it shows your score out ... only when i'm right . : wink : i was just thinking exactly the same thing , myself . my 4 might make me very jealous of my unique nature . on the other hand , i'm not really hesitant to type people as type 4 ... maybe because that ... i actually have the opposite problem . i have trouble seeing anyone else as an infp . i readily type people as pretty much anything else that seems to apply , but can't quite put anyone else into the ... thanks ! i feel like the mismatched shoes are an accurate representation of who i am ( for better or worse ) . i would have left the house that way , too , if my 5 year old hadn't pointed it out to me ... noble 1 socratic 4 reflective 5 candidate . i love that it suggests that i think i can solve any problem by talking about it long enough . it's right . i do . infp , 4w5 so / sx , 4-9- 5 dear sj new bosses and coworkers , you are scaring me to death . sincerely , your extremely nf new hire i really don't like to write . it was always what i was best at in school . people have always said , that's your gift ! you should be a writer ! it certainly is what comes most easily , but i loathe ... dear istj daughter , i don't think i'll ever understand you ... and i can empathize with almost anyone . i wish i knew why you seem to be so caught up in / anxious about the trivial , mundane details of ... i'm was the only n in my family , growing up , and i'm the only n in my family now . i think i've got enough n to go around . my family : dad-xstp mom-isfj me-infp sister-esfp me-infp ... i've been noticing how awful this is for me recently , as i've started a new job . i take things that should be simple to learn , by the dictates of common sense , and complicate them so much in my ... dear enfj friend ( ? ) , i really don't regret one minute of the time that we spent letting you into our home / lives , listening and being there for you when you went through some really awful times , ... please know that you aren't alone . i feel this way so often ( sometimes to extremes for extended periods of time ) . i feel dependent , self-doubting , advice seeking / rejecting etc . i know it ... i agree . i really like the enfj / screenplay writing and acting choice . that seems to fit all of the enfjs i know . the enfps are less likely to engage in solitary endeavors ( although it's been known ... this , exactly . they're super personal ... or else really forced and awkward . i need them from my husband , like them from my kids , feel smothered by them from my mother , wish i could get a few from my ... dear estj husband , yes , you probably are a better person than me because you can work 80 hour weeks without complaining , while i come home weeping every day from my part-time job . it's not like i ... i was very lucky , in that my high school was huge enough that there was basically a niche for everyone ... even the strangest of us . i had a group of friends in theater and other activities that were ... i've always heard that it was the people with flaws similar to your own that were supposed to bother you the most , but this is never the case for me . i always find that i empathize with the people ... 30 ... but really a blend between 3 and 83 . i think that this is actually why i thought that i was intp ( rather than infp ) for a while . my family had a lot of emoting going on , and because i tended to be less sentimental than they were , i ... empathetic compassionate anxious self-loathing adorable ( not my favorite , actually , but i think that's how i come across when i'm trying to compensate for my goofy awkwardness and make everyone ... my daughter is an i * tj ( we're thinking s , but we could be wrong ) . when she was a toddler she displayed significant savant behaviors and seemed oblivious to social cues . needless to say , we ... if i were ruler of the world , i would immediately find a way to stop being ruler of the world . it sounds just awful . terrifying , corrupting , frightening , futile , etc . no thank you . i'll find ... the s's are most likely to annoy me with their irritating attention to the mundane . i like them , but their insistence on paying attention to their surroundings at the expense of , for example , having ... i so completely relate to this . and in the ( extremely ) rare case when i actually do something ( create something / say something / start something ) , i almost instantly doubt myself and immediately regret ... wow . i just did this exact thing recently with a friendship . i had to physically stop myself from calling the person , because i felt i had analyzed what went wrong for months and wanted to discuss ... i wish i could say desire to live , but it turns out that i live defensively , so i guess mostly i'm trying to avoid death ... or at least , suffering . i never feared death until i had kids , though . the ... a very infp unfriendly suburb in michigan . not so happy here . i assume the worst about everything ( especially social interactions and my role in them ) . i have a tendency to become so consumed in fantasy that i am disappointed / bored with reality . i am ... '