' first time ever with a test i was not an infj . it typed me as an enfj . but i am most definitely not an extrovert . trust me . : happy : still , the nfj was right on . i have no idea at all how it got e out ... i did this test . it was markedly different from a lot of the online mbti mini-tests . i have never scored anything different than infj . even when i have tried to slightly alter the way i am thinking ... i have an especially hard time dealing with social things for my kids ' activities . a couple of recent examples : 1 ) my older daughter wanted to go to a school movie night this past wednesday . it ... she might say that . give her the chance at least . are you worried she'll give you a hard time and then you'll have conflict with her for the rest of the semester ? i can totally understand that ... i can empathize . and i can tell it's pretty upsetting to you . i don't know why else you would be so upset unless you were hurt and confused . i have experienced this , and it hurts to hear about how it ... okay , this is my honest opinion : you need to get over this . just talk to the teacher , tell them you somehow didn't get credit for it , and drop it . and i know this is hard . you're an infj ... but my point is that it doesn't matter if she put you down or not , and whether or not she thinks you pulled your weight in the group ... you said she seemed reluctant to correct the problem . so i ... are you willing to share a time this happened to you ? i am curious about your fury ... i know what that means for me , but i wonder if we experience similar levels . for example , my blood pressure ... i think the problem is that she sees it as a forum to give a nice little narcissistic supply . i normally post things about my kids saying silly things , or frustrations over music i am writing .  ... i agree with you , and most of the time i just don't want to go there . it is too exhausting for me , and usually not worth it . i did it this time and i do know there is a sense of pride in having ... well , she finally responded , got mean , and i doorslammed her . i told her off , said my piece , and unfriended her . i am so sick of seeing her on facebook anyway . and i really don't like her . the sad ... who made person # 1 the authority to decide if a team member contributed enough to the group to get credit ? ? ? usually what i say that i can't believe came out of my mouth is stammering , stuttering , rambling nonsense . it's embarrassing . it's usually at that point in a conversation when i tell the ... i am usually very very forgiving and let things slide a lot . but when someone pushes too hard , too far , i often just snap and suddenly go off on them . so , as an infj i am wondering how it is for ... i was an officer in the us air force for 7 years . this was hard as an infj , because i often felt like i couldn't articulate things fast enough , and the military is very fast-paced and probably suits ... i agree . i think infjs might be known for this more than other types because we are so dedicated when we believe in something or someone . we give that cause or person everything we have emotionally ... hmmm ... i am an infj and the funny thing is that when i was a child i related better with adults . i had some friends my age , but i usually felt older and didn't want to socialize with the kids . as ... this is exactly how it happens with me , too . it has only happened a couple of times in my life , but when it happened it was quick and final . it was almost bizzare . and i had zero remorse or empathy , ... yeah ... i wonder if he is feeling overwhelmed by you ? so often i will be with an extroverted friend and i will be having a great time for an hour or two , and then i suddenly just become exhausted ... well you don't need to apologize . and the part about making yourself someone everyone will like ... i guess i am concerned if you seriously would try to do that . because it's not difficult--it's ... i don't know . i think we would need to browse their forum . could be interesting . wow , kind of harsh . but . yeah . i think it's possible that grammatical errors and extraneous style might be annoying to an infj . it is to me . i get caught in it and kind of can't move on from ... this . yes . i actually get anxious when the phone rings . at the time i am writing this , i have 27 voice mails . i get anxious when i think about checking them . my box is full . i would like to keep ... sounds like you experienced something negative with a fellow introvert doing this ? yeah ... i often want to be rude and just yell at people that i am overloaded and they need to go away and leave me ... i appreciate what you said here , about the fact that we aren't obligated to care what others think . i would , and i believe i should , care if people think i am unkind or unfair or dishonest . but ... i guess i thought extroverted types might not have such a hard time with being open and posting publicly . but i that doesn't necessarily have anything to do with introversion v . extroversion ... if it can change , does that mean until adolescence it's fluid and developing and changeable ? or we just can't see what it will eventually become until adolescence , and then it's clear what ... my 5 - year old daughter is quite the character , and i am always wondering which type she probably is . tell me what you think : 1 . extremely verbal . talks and talks and talks , from dawn to dusk . and ... i don't really . i'm trying to figure it out myself still . lately i have been really just trying to actually let people know that i am the kind of person who does these things ... that way if / when ... which also brings to my attention another issue i face with my personality : i can and usually do use my insightful abilities to help people , but there have been times ( and i am not really proud of ... that prozac is not the right medication for treating my anxiety . makes me feel absolutely no anxiety . i need some ! ! ! otherwise i can't get anything done . glad to be off of that stuff ! my house is ... this is one of my biggest struggles with people in my life . people will meet me . i think they feel validated because i can see them--who they truly are--and they misinterpret that to mean that ... oh , and i also have wondered how can i tell what is my natural introversion and what is just anxiety ? so ... how does that work , with social anxiety , being an extrovert ? ( and i am not asking this to be snotty ... i am seriously interested ! ) funny , i was actually think about this earlier today . i was wondering how much our personality plays into whether we are more susceptible to depression and anxiety , or other mental health issues . i ... cute thing to add to this : tonight i went to a movie with my one and only infj friend . before the movie we commented how we drove separately , and showed up to the theater both wearing sweatpants ... expectation : i want to hear all the details of your every care and concern . reality : i am really bored after the first 20 minutes , and want you to leave so i can go be by myself . i have always been a leg shaker . i know it drives people nuts sometimes . but i like doing it . i don't know why i do it , though . i usually don't even notice it until someone brings it to my attention , ... yes--thanks ! they are so sweet to cuddle with . my younger one looks sooo innocent , but she is a real stinker . : wink : okay , these are recent pics ... from this winter and last fall . the one of me on the couch was my birthday when i had a really bad flu . so i got my gifts lying down on the couch . but still with my ... well , this is something i really think i should think about in my life . i do think about it , actually , but it would be nice to write it out because for me ( and probably most of you ) i am able to come ... no f-ing way . yes , it was right by coach's ! ! ! i went in and met some friends in there . he was standing outside near an ally ... okay . i am not crazy ! ! ! : laughing : once i was in detroit ( in the nice part of the city--and yeah , there is a nice part ) , and was walking down the street , looked over because i could feel someone looking at me , and this guy was , in ... i actually don't specifically care about either of them . when the lance armstrong thing came out , i started looking at his personality and saw other people on the list . she was an interesting example ... haha , i said that to her about 10 minutes ago . i was like , you know , i get it . i got it the first time you said it ... didn't help . she is still talking . : laughing : oooo ... now she went into ... ooooo ... it is hard for me to process this , i think because i just really struggle to understand the idea that someone would do something simply for selfish gain , especially if it's unfair or could ... if i can sit back and just listen , i am fine . i can take it all in and maybe 3 hours later i'll bring it back up again with some ideas or thoughts . maybe i could tell her this . although i don't think ... yeah . my first thought that jumped to the surface was about the sleeping . so , he is bothering to get tired by being around . so he probably likes being around you . but i would guess you are ... i have this problem : if someone is lecturing me about something ( i . e . , my wife is trying to talk to me about how our daughter already ruined her winter boots that she got for christmas , like it's my ... at the moment i am listening to my intp wife driving me crazy with her overly-analytical rant . i could make a video of it , but i don't think any of you would enjoy it . arg . : wink : '