' if i'm not physically attracted to a woman then there would be no chance of considering a romantic relationship . there are really only two things that turn me off physically so i don't consider ... here's a radical new study with proven results ! this treatment helps students focus on their studies ! drug free treatment - clips - south park studios on occassion , if i'm too lazy to think of a more creative , colorful way to express myself . what gets me is adults who swear their heads of and then smack their kids when they repeat the same ... i just wanted to say that traditional is a horrible thing to look for as it implies your looking for / wanting to do something simply because its always been that way . and i feel that its time ... hey ! thanks for serving ! ! ! i always eat at home . as for stores ... i know what i want , go in , get it , and get out . i'm not in the place long enough to ever think about it . i've done uo , eq , ac , swg , and coh but now i just mainly play wow . they've got the game set up now so you can level any class your way pretty darn quickly , dungeon finder lets you get into a dungeon ... hmm ... asking a forum full of infp's if they prefer solitude in an aspect of their life ... you're right . doesn't belong here at all . wow , i sure do feel stupid now . rollar coasters are awesome ! ( cedar point for teh win ! ) waiting in line 15-30 minutes to ride one ... well , that's teh suck . maybe the healthy balance we're looking for is a woman who is confident and expressive but is still willing to accept help or lean on others when needed and isn't vindictive when someone opposes or ... i've gotten an earfull from people about me not settling down with one instrument and becoming great at it vs my habit of playing around with several . in my mind , i figure that if i understand the ... i registered as type 5 which seems to explain my unfortunate behavior of asking myself what happens if ... ? and then following up on the question / idea . for all the gamers out there ... i've played online games ever since ultima online came out and in almost every case i've been the solo player even though its a multiplayer world where people ... sounds like farmville syndrome . when you feel mindlessly driven to keep clicking / posting over and over for the next ellusive level :) a cat . i'm stand-offish , aloof , far too curious , territorial , playful , affectionate on my terms , and independant . well you could have an official infp button . :) sometimes yes ... and its compounded by the idea that no one else out there is going to get me or understand lol nooo ... there's far too many guys looking for an ornament they can take out and put away at will . they're the type of guys who lead to the women who cry on our shoulders about how horrible their man ... i'd appreciate the infp ladies more if they wore some kinda distinguishing feature when they were out and about . perhaps they could all decide on a fancy hat , a button , or some sorta portable neon ... i'm mindful that some things in the world are pretty messed up which keeps me mostly grounded . likewise , i stay mindful that there's just too much out there to wonder at so that all the stupidity ... i like women who are confident about themselves and their opinions . i'd definitely avoid the clingy , oh , whatever you want to do types . i think being in love with someone is kinda like a fire . its either there or its not . when it is there it can range from small glowing embers up to a raging inferno . maybe that's why people say , ... finish last ? so what ... we still finish . the important question is whether or not you can live with the decisions that got you across the finish line . self taught for the most part but i did spend a little money to hang with a good instructor which opened up several new roads to explore . i also came away with a better understanding of how and why ... ditto ! i dunno ... maybe to me the people in their 40 ' s seem to be slightly worn down or burnt out by life . the 20 ' s and 30 ' s crowd seems to still have a spark of hope left in them . the light ... i don't want to have kids . 1 ) i don't want to pass on marfan syndrome to a child . 2 ) i don't want to spend the next 20 + years being financially and emotionally wrung out by the responsibilities . ... and people wonder why i have my facebook page locked down like fort knox lol either the woods in the middle of nowhere or a hotel room with mila kunis :) * puts away the gillette foamy * * walks away with a sigh * i try to avoid having my voice recorded as much as i try to avoid having my picture taken . i've always been good at finding my way but that may stem from growing up roaming through the woods . the only quirk is i generally don't know many street names . i wonder if this is where all the monty python fans have gone to ? ( i'm gonna throw a pillow at the first one of you darn kids who says , monty who ? ) sounds like you're just as human as the rest of us . on the bright side , you have a much deeper appreciation of how the choices we make have consequences that follow us for quite awhile . i've ... i knew you were going to post this thread :) how can anyone do anything about suffering until they realize and accept that its there ? be happy that you can recognize suffering and worry about the people who are oblivious to it :) how to start a war with science ! society a wants to develope technology that will allow them to wipe out societies b and c without damaging any of society b and c's resources . society a has no ... during a game of apples to apples , the card on the table was senseless and someone put down helen keller . i laughed for 5 minutes while everyone else seemed to get a chuckle out of it .   ... just walk up to the offender and say , oh yeah ? well , would so-and-so do this ? and then give them a wedgie . i'd think of myself as a musical instrument ... say a piano for example . in some situations my tune may be as simple as mary had a little lamb especially when i'm in an uncomfortable setting . in ... this whole thing is starting to remind me of a southpark 2 - part episode called go god go ! south park episode player - go god go part 1 south park episode player - go god go xii part 2 out of curiosity , how important is it to win an arguement on the internet with a complete stranger ? its sad and what angers me more is that the incident is going to be used to boost ratings . man left to die ... more at 11 ! no body art , no desire to get any . i wouldn't mind meeting a woman with a pierced tongue , though ... where does never having been caught fall on the spectrum ? :) i think the lesson may be that regardless of what the parent believes , their only responsibility is to raise a child who will be capable of making their own decisions . meh ... the world is too full of sights , sounds , and experiences . focused is just a word wacky people use to make up for their lack of imagination and sense of wonder * grin * as long as you know ... * passes popcorn to polaroid sea * * whispers * i think i've seen this one before . people argue back and forth , very little ( if anything ) is accomplished , and most of them walk away dumbfounded as ... i dare you to tell mom that you'll be wearing a business suit instead of the traditional wedding gown * grin * really it's your big day ( maybe the groom's as well to a lesser degree lol ) so it ... that's probably a very common reaction from parents . don't be silly ! i never pressured you to do ... i just want you to be happy ! some parents actually manage to say these things without working ... seriously ! i was wondering how long it would take to devolve into an ball of anger lol '