' i've recently realized i have a heightened awareness of the fragility of all things . for better or worse . the one time i considered taking a vow of abstinence was when i was having a lot of one night stands and short flings . these flings made me happy for the night , or two nights , or a week , and then i ... nothing . that sounds amazing actually . fuck the haters . when i have a crush on someone , i tend to think of them as superior to me , god-like even . i idealize them . what i learned to do was take them off the pedestal , and humanize them again . this usually ... i hate my mood swings when i'm sad out of nowhere , but i love them when i'm impenetrably happy out of nowhere : crazy : i'm wearing my favorite maxi dress , sipping on a happy camper ipa , and i have ... i totally understand . in the six months , out of my best friends , one moved to new york , one moved to texas , one moved to morocco , and one started med school . and i stayed here . needless to say , i ... texting still takes time . a lot of people get anxious about talking on the phone , and might prefer texting for that reason . now , to get back on topic : i'm tired of sniffling . i'm tired of having this cold or whatever this illness is . being sick makes me feel so helpless . i'm tired of a certain few of my coworkers ... i understand . i think what i'm most bothered by is a pattern i see on these forums where self-typed intuitives will blame all their problems on sjs . i think it's a really immature way to use the ... no . yes . meditate , dude . make it a habit . meditation is easy , if you don't get frustrated with yourself . i think a good way to start is to tell yourself you'll meditate for 15 or 20 ... i like christmas for the food . my grandmother makes a chicken dish that's a casserole with pulled chicken , cream of chicken soup , sour cream , cheddar cheese , an assload of butter , and ritz crackers ... happy birthday , mon bébé . grow up . stjs are not automatons . they're living , breathing - they have hopes and dreams like you , they can have rich inner worlds and complex thoughts . though i doubt they'd want to share any of ... that is fucking cool . that's what i just did for dinner ! i also melted some pepperjack cheese over it and added some hot sauce . perfecto . avocados are so heavenly and a common source of happiness for me . i'd take a side of sliced , perfectly ripened avocado over hot greasy fries any day . hell , i'd take an avocado over most things . if ... i've started my christmas shopping for the year and i had forgotten how much i actually like shopping for gifts . last year's christmas was a letdown because i was wildly depressed and spend the ... starting a conversation with a random stranger on facebook is possibly even weirder than starting a conversation with a random stranger in person . are you just adding complete strangers ? how are ... sick . my chest hurts . i cut up some ginger root and steeped it to make tea , so i'm hoping that will help . i also just feel flat-out weird . since i've been ill these last few days , i haven't been able ... well , that's part of the explanation . people are also prone to shallowly self-typing as infp if they feel they're an outsider , overly emotional / sensitive , and creative / artistic , regardless ... i'm considering waking up earlier than usual tomorrow morning just so i can take an extra long hot shower . i think infj mistypers are also commonly isfps and even sometimes ixtps . well , i mean , you made a whole thread about how you think infjs on this forum are mistyped . while you aren't calling out individuals ( thank god ) , it is rather pointed , regardless of if you started ... jasmine green is my absolute favorite . currently making my way through a cup of teavana's jasmine dragon phoenix pearls . i've also recently discovered yogi's st . john's wort blues away . i ... * lies . * being underestimated . * passive aggression and subtle digs . somehow this hurts more than someone just saying something outright . i think it's because this kind of stuff doesn't lend ... well it's going to be impossible to avoid all uncomfortableness and hurt . shit happens , and infps are sensitive . :P the important thing is that if / when you hurt this infp , you show concern . admit ... it's amazing what regular sex , exercise , home-cooked meals ( good one ) , and cuddles can do to a person . i have had so much energy lately , and i feel so light and confident . you sound like an infj to me , so far . what infp qualities do you relate to ? and don't worry so much about j vs p . focus on the types as a whole . infp's dominant function is a judging function , so ... iv . i like being unpredictable and fast-moving . and making the first move : cool : i do also see the appeal in iii , yet i don't like the idea of duels being dragged out - - let's just get this shit ... while i can agree mistypes happen , i don't think you've addressed this properly . what i'm getting from your posts is you saying people are mistyped if they're not like you . confident , people-focused , ... yep . fe is hella sexy . if you change yourself into something opposite of yourself , you're going to attract people who are the opposite of yourself . that is not going to cure your loneliness . i've been there , and it sucks ... i'm probably going to commit to a new relationship sometime soon . i find myself just looking at his skin sometime . or something as simple as the pit of his elbow . or the long scar on his stomach ... my ex wasn't as good for nothing as i often discount him as . with him i experienced many firsts : first time skinny-dipping , first time rolling , first time to need a cigarette post sex . he taught me ... first things first . always go into the place to turn in your application ( no online applications unless that's your only option ! ) and ask for a manager . introduce yourself . it'll show initiative , and ... a black fitted crewneck and black underwear . no socks . i was wearing some blue skinny jeans earlier , but then i came home , and pants immediately came off :P well then , welcome : kitteh : oh , shit . can't have a controversial thread without a troll account made just to post in the thread . i repeat : now give it a goddamned rest . i walk . i can get most places i need to be in 10-20 minutes . damn , where did my fi go ? thank you for this . honestly , i viewed this issue as a small one . somebody didn't take your depression seriously and / or handle it with proper care - that's the ... yeah , except your original post touched more on the point that he misunderstood depression . not that he was a medical professional who misunderstood it . but that he misunderstood it . you were upset ... well it's a bit of both . a dog bites you and you treat the wound . you don't sit around saying i shouldn't have to treat this because the dog shouldn't have bit me in the first place . the ... then i went about my posting in the wrong way . throughout my depression and anxiety , i was believed by my dad to be overly sensitive , faking it , and lazy . being bothered by his opinion on my ... lmao , we seem to be on the same page tonight xd you're right . the point of the post ( and i am getting this directly from the last line of your post ) was for others to assure you that you weren't unreasonable for feeling disrespected by this ... yeah , it happens to me , and it always has and probably always will . to cope in those situations , i'll try to steer the conversation in a direction i can relate to . people endlessly talking about ... you're being defensive . i'm on your side . nobody can help their immediate responses to things . if something upsets you , it upsets you . if it makes you cry , it makes you cry . c'est la vie ... my point is you will come across people like him again and again because depression is misunderstood by many people , so it's not worth getting worked up over . it's fine that it does hurt and bother ... you've repeatedly said he knows nothing about you . so brush it off . he likely knows little about the realities of depression either . brush it off . it's hard to have an invisible ... '