' your big 5 results are the equivalent of infp . you're interpretation of f is off ( it's common ) , romancy movies , crusading for rights ( intjs and istj [ hermione is an istj ] can be massive crusaders ... yeah , i was driving in the car today and realized i'd type 16 instead of 8 . oops . snape is most likely an intj . he lacks very much lacks a dominant or even auxiliary fi and his emotional things ... intps and ti doms typically aren't worried about appearing competent though can sometimes it happens if they get stuck in a ti-si loop ( though that typically is self-doubt and not worrying about ... have you read the article similar to the infp one i linked that discusses the inferior fe in intps ? it would probably be a good read to compare the differences between the two . sorry , i ... you seem like an infp to me as i don't see much ti dominant in your original post or your replies though ti is a bit harder to detect . you seem to be me fe dom . i'd also like to comment on ... i hated school until college . i was a mostly b student in high school because i would never do the homework , but always did well on tests . i think i only had about 4 very good teachers all through ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_fMN9kFm14 yes , i did , but now that i'm trying to explain it i can't make sense of it . i think i was try to say that people with a thinking preference are thought of as male and maybe it has more to do with ... i do agree that men are probably much more likely , but i don't think it's completely impossible for women just more difficult for women to do so . even women like me who are thinkers , we still tend to ... i have the same phobia , as well as major phobia of broken ankles . i certainly agree that alex is a estp . everything he does has a very practical purpose . i also think an entp would have noticed a place he beat the crap out of some one and does his best to get out ... that's certainly the best advice i've ever heard . running away sounds like the perfect solution ! i've tried , and they seem incapable of understanding that some people in the world actually don't want to spend every single second talking and ... for once , i'm at a loss . i have two sj roommates and one possibly sp , all extroverts . i'm starting to wonder if it is even possible to successfully live with three extroverted sensing types . i've ... happens to me quite a lot , but i've yet to find a solution for it . i say accept the apology , but make it very clear that next time it won't be accepted and something might possibly have to be done concerning the problem with her not fulfilling her promises such as ... i'm not a feeler , obviously , but when a man cries it breaks my heart more than when girls do , unless they're asshole faking for their own gain . i think it's just because women tend to be more ... it's very true to me . because i rationalize most things , i tend to not get caught up in the drama of life and can easily get through things that completely befuddle & upset the feelers i know . i just ... i'm not an infj , but i'm a freshman in college as well . why not talk with different people about jobs & majors and such ? it can be quite helpful to help figure out what you want to do as well as ... i have to disagree . a lot of what i do is quite casual and just for the fun of it . as for your original question . i'm quite far from asexual . i don't know how old you are , but i know when i was ... i really don't mind it unless i'm in a group of people that don't care about my opinions or try to ignore the fact i'm even in the group . i tend to try to be the one to take over the group first to ... no , i get nostalgic a lot , but i never cry over it . of course , i do cry over some silly things that people would probably think i was crazy for crying over it . for example , when i hear people sing in ... i use to be like that , then i decided to get over it and just find pointless entertainment . no . i find it to be a waste of time . i also wouldn't want to have to spend money to fly and meet some one or drive forever . i also don't think i'd trust myself with out having the person near me . yes , very much so . i don't like people coming in my room or leaving them alone in my room . i also can't stand when i have to give some one something i've work hard on other than the person it was ... don't look at the descriptions as a whole look at the functions . i always test as intj as well , but i'm an intp because i tend to use the intp functions , though i do have a weak p so i sometimes ... my mom is an entp . i'm not really sure about my dad i just know he's probably a esxx , most likely a p . they don't get along at all and i wouldn't want to marry some one like him . i have no idea how ... i should be kept away from mirror rooms as i have way too much fun with them . i like mirrors possibly because i would always use mirrors to create a playmate when i was little as i was an only ... i don't as most of the time that would mean having a cactus on my bed which doesn't sound like it would end too well . i did use to always buy cacti when i went to home depot , actually my dad bought ... i would never act stupid unless to show a point . people also don't normally think i'm stupid . i obviously take my classes and the sort way too serious for anyone to accuse me of being stupid . they ... i'm a i-don't-care-sexual . i never understood the point of claiming some label for your sexuality . i understand most labels , but this is one i fail to understand . if i'm attracted i'm attracted and ... i may have posted here already , but i don't think so . i have a fear of broken ankles . they cause me to completely freak out . other than that i'm not really afraid of anything . not to the extent of hurting some one , but yes . i get oddly excited when things like that happen . even more so when it starts making a pattern . i feel so dorky atm .. i love compliments . i normally say thank you and smile . it's best not to think about some one you miss until you've had time to heal . i want to think about people i've loved and lost after they die or they left , but it's best to put it in the back of my ... i'm a much better writer than speaker . i tend to trip over my words and say things that only make sense in my head . the annoyance of not being able to talk as fast as i can think . opera tabs : livejournal - friends page facebook youtube - jk rowling interview livejournal - community entry personalitycafe babynamesworld - quick search ( i needed to find a name for to go ... as a child i was incredibly weird . i always felt different from everyone else . i was also a nightmare as a child because i was extremely controlling . i never tried to change to fit in , it was ... i find zombies ridiculously stupid and uninteresting . i don't get the craze . of course , i have been made fun of for talking about the rules of zombies while watching some zombie movie . i'm a ... yes , something make me look like i'm almost excessive about neatness while others make me look like a complete slob . it really only depends on what i use it for only whether or not i care about it's ... yes , i do . earlier this year i would have said no , but i've come to understand how i can be a better person and that i'm not limited to whatever crazy idea i have . it may be a little difficult ... i tend to only be imaginative at random . a lot of times i'm not very imaginative , but when i want to write or need to create a solution or idea then i can be quite imaginative . of course , when it ... i'm a door slammer & tend to just yell at who ever is available . that's how i deal with anger . i always fell sorry for those that happen to cross my path during that time . anger is a pretty simple ... have no clue . maybe because grey eyes aren't really common therefore have more mystery surrounding those with that color ? it could possibly come from the greek goddess athena as one of her titles was ... yep , but i just say i think it's silly to try to label sexuality and that i'm attracted to what i'm attracted to and that's that . i found trying to explain and label myself just made it more ... i've only had two serious relationships . one was with possibly a est ( f ) p & the other one was most likely a infp . both of them wanted romance and the like and i don't know what i did , but some how ... i'm on the border of j / p & i am rather extroverted in the sense that i enjoy being around people more than being in my room on my own . i still takes me ages to open up & really start talking , but ... cheek kisses . but that mostly just with my grandmother . my parents aren't very touchy feely and neither am i , so hugs for them . i'm a very happy person . i spent most of my early life depressed and insecure , but i just grew out of it . yeah , i have my bad days , but i'm still happy . i can't really say how i do it , because i'm ... i love my video games . though i only go through bursts of playing . it's how i do everything , in bursts . of course , gaming is still the reason i'm spending money on getting a new laptop instead of ... '