doodles is all i can do : laughing : this is elvisa yomastercard . she's a youtuber and i think i did her justice ... ? 372458 also , this doodle on my school's chair , it's a bad picture . i doodled and ... i want to try an epilator . it can't possibly be that painful . i was texting with kanye west . he sent me a music video he loved but didn't share with many becaused it was a bit embarassing . then he started sending multiple messages about the meaning of the song ... what made you see it as isfj ? just wanna understand . 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? , i tend to doubt everything i come to terms with , and my personality type is no different . i have observed that i do share traits ... enfp extravert (8 9 % ) intuitive ( 38 % ) feeling ( 25 % ) perceiving ( 44 % ) which means i could be istj , which is a huge difference from isfp . i think i'm more confused than before . that could explain ... 211794 i have always thought my handwriting was childish , perhaps it is a personality thing ? a tortoise : 3 peaceful , reserved , and intelligent , those born under the sign of the tortoise are eager for new experiences . though they are highly amiable in most every situation , there is a ... personally , i try to show no interest . i'm not sure if it works , but i do try . i do , however , get a bit chipper when i know the guy i like is around , i make jokes to my friends and stuff , but ... i * think * i'm good at sensing how others feel , but i'm terrible at social cues . my friends have learned to spell it out for me . i love fire , but i'm nothing like it . haven't found mine yet . i can dance , but i lack the creativity to do my own choreographies ( not very isfp , i guess ) and when i like something i never get passionate enough to be the best about it ... 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... wasnt costa rica the underdog too ? it's hard to get into relationships , yes . mostly , think it's because i have trust and commitment issues plus low self-esteem . i do like the idea of a relationship but it terrifies me everytime i ... im told i look about 6 or 7 years younger and always get the same ' are you serious ? ! ? ! ' reaction everytime i say my age . i also think it has to do with the way i dress ( shirts and jeans ) , my ... smiles and dimples ! yes . even with my family . i appreciate them , but i have always wondered if i love them . the same goes to my friends . perhaps this thing i feel ' appreciation ' its just love , but i dont experience it ... not very decisive . sometimes i think i feel i want something and just after i'm pursuing it i start doubting my decisions so i start all over again . its an endless loop . infp , intj or infj . i like to play with flashlights . i try very hard to not stare , but i do glance once in a while people i find attractive and people that seem different , as in they go through life in their very own and unique way . tadah ! i was in a dance club thingy when i was younger . i was good , and i really enjoyed it just as long as i was in the back lol i still love to dance but alone in my room . not really a song , but a whole genre nauseates me . bachata . the music irritates me . i get nervous .. and when im nervous i smile a lot . so i will start to smile and panic will fill my eyes . i'd probably try to give an explanation or apologize , but i'll stammer it out . all the while ... i'm not sure about the type , but i seem to be attracted to introverted guys , that happen to be nice and laid back , not at all . but sometimes the cool crowd would want me as a pet . youtube do you guys often think about how life would continue if you just died at this moment ? just curious .. seems like i was the only one to vote no .. i sort of like cheese , but it makes me feel like crap when i eat it . almost everyday ? i feel uncertain and insecure most of the time , and i'm prone to feel sad for several days , maybe weeks , as oppose to feeling happy .. happines come rarely , usually when i feel when ... hmm ... i usually value more when people just take me somewhere they know i'd enjoy . for example , i always wanted to go to broadway .. that would be a hell of a gift :) i distance myself and act like i don't really care . i try to mask it showing how ' happy ' for whatever excuse i can find . internally i imagine myself showing how much cooler i am than the person i'm ... i crushed really hard on harry burns from when harry met sally . umm .. sun ki from coffee prince . trunks from dragon ball z . saul from pineapple express . those are the fictional characters i ... i use the same as in winter . that baseball jacket . but i'm in the caribbean , the change in weather isnt that extreme . i noticed that i sleep way too much . and when i wake up i go back to sleeping cause apparently being sleeping too long makes you tired and sleepy . unfortunately , i havent been able to sleep since ... * mutters * i wanna be witch hunted too .. i didnt go to an american high school but if they were bullied they were probably told to go back to mexico , spic , alien , i dunno .. go make me a burrito ? or do you want my burrito ? umm .. im not ... i love being alone because im free to do as i please , and wont be interrupted in my thoughs or reflections . also , after so much interaction with people during the day i just want to be alone to ... i'm 21 and people usually guess i'm around 14-15 , only once someone though i was 12-13 . i still strongly dislike that guy . its good because at first glance people dont expect much from me , and i ... ... yo ! i wanna be a mom too . sometimes , when im on facebook and see pictures of friends with their happy family my womb craves it , i have to fight with it for it to stop D: but i'm not ready at all . im ... not at all . i feel guilty as hell and try to make up doing things for them . ps . i think it was the timing , maybe your friend wasnt in the mood for dem jokes . 9w1 trembling nursing ? you can specialize in an area that would allow you be outside and have more alone time . perhaps a veterinarian ? or veterinarian technician ? personally i find marine mammals fascinating , ... tanning yeah , i actually got problems to make friends online and irl . i think is because i dont express well , it seems like you need to have good grammar , be clever , witty , smart and funny to be generally ...