' one thing about asking isfps to be honest is that some isfps aren't used to verbally sharing their feelings and might not know how to put it . depending on her she might have a quick reaction and deny ... takes official mbti test in highscool careers class . enfp . pretty much described as the perfect type from highschool me's perspective . heck , it was even called the champion oooh , you're a creative ... i'm finally finishing the ender's game tetralogy after reading the first one as a kid . ender's such an awesome sci-fi character that actually pays intelligent attention to people and how they think ... 9s . but only when watching alone . there's too much over-thinking and worrying if the others are too scared / not scared enough . i feel like 5 is the typical answer here . 4s and 6s can also go ... watch out guys , don't cross us isfps . https://dotsofcolor.files.wordpress.com/2012/10/20121006-152951.jpg?w=627 might you be an isfp ? do you find that it's hard to communicate your feelings to others , like your mind works in a certain ignitable way and trying to talk about it with people is like translating ... i know my esfj friend hates this . she definitely fit's the mothering friend stereotype , but really doesn't like it how that's just assumed of her after awhile . she was especially disappointed with ... grizz is totally esfj . he is definitely a dominant fe user : his prime directive is to make sure everyone else is happy and having a good time , even if the way he goes about it isn't always right . my ... i got scientific pantheist . dear entp i'm so glad you're doing some introspection and getting so much more out of life now . these are things that you needed to figure out for yourself so you'd actually take them seriously . i ... i'm a healthy weight with an average bmi , but only because i keep fit and really don't like feeling sluggish . i have very little self control with food though . i'll find myself eating a lot of junk ... i would love to be teacher . not only would i be able to teach people new info ( so satisfying ) but i would have an opportunity to help them frame their lives in a healthy way before they turn into ... i got wild cat . but might also be a sea lion or zebra . when it comes to people i don't really know , introverts are the hardest for me to read . you tend to have a lot more to work with with extroverts so unless the introvert is genuinely interested in the ... i thought the same thing as you at first . i originally typed myself as a socially anxious esfp . this only intesified when i went through a really lonely year and found myself craving social ... sp jumped at me , but i suppose fp could be just as valid . and for anyone who wants to keep track : isfp : ip , ip , if ( fp ) , sp ( fp ) isfj : if , istp : is , it , sp istj : tj ( ij is ) , it , it , it , it ( tj ) ... it's very rare , but could just take they're totally dead to pop into my head for my imagination to go wild . for example , when i was a kid there was a huge snowstorm and my dad still wasn't home ... in my first year of high school my class took the official test . i got enfp . even when i'm answering the online tests now , now that i know more about myers briggs and my real type , i tend to get a ... a lot of these things have been mentioned already , and i've got a esfp housemate / friend i can compare with . our flighty-ness can be annoying . from minor , mentioning that you're considering doing ... i'm sure i'm not the only one who identified as a few other types before figuring out they were isfp . so what were yours and why ? for me i was typed as enfp in high school careers class with the ... hey you guys , i'd love a bit of help here . i'm trying to figure out a friend's type with her so we can see if it gives us some insight into how she can cope with some stresses . - a big problem in ... quality time 8 physical touch 8 acts of service 6 words of affirmation 6 receiving gifts 1 gifts often put me in a tight situation . i feel an obligation to reciprocate it , equally if not ... is it sort of like how once you smell those certain smells you know its winter / spring / summer / autumn and you're immediately flooded with a sort of nostalgic contentedness ? smells or sounds or feelings ... any type can have problems with the school system , and this sort of image is pretty enticing to artists , but i didn't know this was ( apparently ) one of the parts of our type definition ? so why are ... http://117.55.229.137/~yarrava3/wp-content/uploads/2010/10/Portfolio_PotatoArticle2.png teleportation : so i can keep working on that one thing until the very last possible moment . though , even with instant teleportation i'll probably still have chronic lateness . but bonus , i can sneak ... ah , i found a good one i'd heard about a while ago , it was this one . i understand the functions , but i felt that having her do a functions quiz would be more engaging and i would be able to get a ... i need to actually like the person emotionally . not as if it's some moral requirement , but i just don't feel anything otherwise . like , my bod just doesn't react . i find it funny that my best friend and a super close friend are both esfjs . a lot of their friends and every one of my best friend's boyfriends have been introverts . though i think it can stress ... i'm helping my friend figure out the order of her cognitive functions . anyone have a link to a good free online quiz ? yeah , i'm pretty sure i'm an isfj , after being so sure i was an esfp for so long . i was so sure that i was a strong se user when in fact i'm pretty sure it's just strong si with an appreciation for ... that was pretty cool . it was like the earth is above and space is grass . the picture itself is sort of disorienting ; i'm having trouble not seeing the movement and only processing it as a square , ... i don't know , i would think it would be more dependent on self-confidence that's not related to mbti . granted , if being in the presence of people is exhausting , then a job where you're surrounded by ... i tend to get infp , rarely with a huge bias towards either letter ( except in tests that have major intuition bias ) . i was going to post how the op's argument relies on stereotypes blown out of proportion in a way that victimizes their ' side ' to fulfill some sort of superiority complex , but it looks like that's ... when it comes to personal emotional problems i almost never share them with anyone , thinking that this is something only i can really solve . telling them won't help and will just make them worried . ... my thoughts are that perhaps people are born and live with their mbti , their preferred method of thinking , and their behaviors that lead to the classification of each mbti type are learned . perhaps ... to esfjs , what's your opinion on being typed as the caregivers ? does this fit for you ? or do you feel like it's a stereotype that doesn't fit you ? hmm , well it all comes down to the person , but i know from experience that showing emotion does put me ease . i'm a external sensor and when it comes to people who don't express their opinion verbally ... esfp 6w5 pottermore put me in the gryffindor , though i was always on the fence as to whether or not i was gryffindor or hufflepuff , leaning towards the latter . wand : length : 13 inches wood : ... true , but a major thing for sensors is the need of empirical evidence and this episode is all about scientific empirical evidence . i've always heard that sensors tend to be more focused on what ... i've always thought that twilight was an istj . she needs hard evidence before she's going to believe something . her dominant si drives her need to collect data with the auxiliary te focused on ... i don't know about you , but i tend to think in a way that doesn't correspond to well to the spoken word . textures , colours , feelings , etc are how i classify the world around me , which is why it's so ... i am an esxp and my teachers thought that i had add , to the point of them recommending my parents to have me tested . i went and went to psychoanalysis sessions for a couple of months and it was ... i don't think this is the explanation to this particular situation , but if you don't say anything there's no way for people to know whether or not the information has stuck . this is especially true ... just took the survey , i hope that helped . i would love to see the results once it's done if you're willing to post them too ! the biggest issue i find is that people tend to blame their problems on their introversion . while a valid point can be made here , heck my social awkwardness can been extremely frustrating and ... look , i'm sorry that your family has treated you this way . situations where the last two quotes in particular are used earnestly can really mess a kid up and i'm wondering if part of the reason you ... as for my doer ... ness , i would say the main reason i would consider myself to fit as well under that label is because of my bad habit of procrastination . if by doing things that aren't forced upon me ... none of us exist . while we're still here superficially , our core , our profile , was withered away and finally collapsed . we're walking shadows of or former selves . forever cursed to wander the boards , ... '