' cat lady it really was ^ __ ^ yes it was super great ! ! yeah i try to keep sunblock on me but im part mexican so i tan very easy thankfully : 3 haha i have a friend who lives in kerpen , germany ... this seems so interesting : happy : it reminds me of the wc's my ff friends hold sometimes ( wc mean something likkee writing chat or .. writers chat .. or maybe , writers corner ! ! lol ) i really have no ... mr . meepers - i'm seriously in love with the way your brain works D: i couldn't have said any of that more perfectly than you did . which also you led me to pages i think could also help me as ... cat lady holy crap ! ! ! well houston is a roughly 3-4 hour drive from where i live so thus even further apart we are ! ! ! :D ! ! ! wooh ! that is still quite cool though cause you are ...  . meepers i'm in love with the way your mind works : blushed : cc is the best ! ! ! i was sad how near the end she lost her memories because seh locked herself away .. seh was so small and cute .. that is an awesome joke :) thanks for sharing hehe ! were you just studying chemistry for funzies or did you at one point actually think about a career as a chemist / somewhere in the science field ? ... oh wow , that is a pretty different area / type move o-o ! ! ! awh i'm sorry to hear that D: but having family near and around you is always lovely and helpful . i'll actually be in colorado this ... thebackwardslegsman i have one of those russian styled hats ( the ones .. with the flaps that cover your ears and fuzz on the inside ? ) that is grey with the kingdom hearts log on the side :D ! ! its ... did you know .. our circadian rhythms are based off the times we eat ? so if we want to reset our inner ' clocks ' the best proposed idea is to stay up all night until the next morning . around a time you ... cat lady u200b haha but of course (: im sure we will all find a way as well ^ _ ^ well other side of the planet is relative to where you are now compared to where i am . im in tx so .. how far are you ... ah well every introvert is different :D i wouldn't have thought to share it either but since someone else did it just made me think of it .. lol ! ( wait .. who originally posted the comment ... wanderingthoughts ooohh i'm so glad to hear that :D yey ! i still need to go to the beginning and just catch up .. i know ! when i first heard her video on tau i was like wtf ? such a thing exists ? ... i know ! me too ! ! i would be very sad and i'm sure it wouldn't be easy to find a new universe to keep my new stuff D: wanderingthoughts * groan * omg i know right ? i just want to marry her ! ! ! i just love her videos oh so much ! and i know ! that sentence made me think she was an infp too ! i mean , really ? i can't ... what if ... hunny bunny linked me to her intp thread so i dont have to .. go find it .. what if .. i wasn't so lazy ? what if .. i didn't find the world so fascinating ? what if .. i had more time ? what ... fate i always thought of it as a like .. dog mixed cat mixed fox thing . like maybe a baby kitsune ? regardless its adorable . we should be two peas in a pod . my avatar is a computer bot of me , and my name is misleading because i'm girl . too funny . i'm here for the same reasons as you ! wooh , infp twinness unite ! - - i kid , ... welcome ! hope you enjoy yourself around perc ! ! ! http://personalitycafe.com/attachments/intro/45620d1344988944t-new-here-hi-welcome.jpg yay for more infp's ! we shall take over the world ! ( i kid ... ) welcome ! hope you enjoy yourself around perc ! ! ! ... dont fall for it ! duck faces aren't attractive ! although , you do pull it off quite well .. still ... :) math degrees , yay ! <3 my boyfriend is getting a math degree :D how cool . welcome ! hope you ... well ! hopefully we will be able to entertain you quite well ! ! :) there is so much to find and see on this site ! ! welcome ! hope you enjoy yourself around perc ! ! ! ... wooh ! welcome ! enjoy the site ! it is a lovely , friendly site that does appear to be drama free so far (: i'm sure there is drama lurking somewhere ... but the amazing moderators seem to keep ... that was in no way a short introduction ... but i will conceed :) welcome my fellow infp friend ! enjoy the world of uhm infpness ! ! its magical and oohhh so much fun :D perfect for a gamer like ... i would assume the universe exploding due to you making such a paradox ... i would be more than slightly inconvenienced haha . well i suppose i will allow you to slide on introducing yourself for now ... this site also makes it easier to stalk if you have more than a certain number of posts out there haha .. welcome ! hope you enjoy yourself around perc ! ! ! 45620 sound just like another intp i know .. was all into mbti , gave up for a few years .. came back .. and here we are ! lol . welcome ! hope you enjoy yourself :) ! ! 45619 hello ! wow sounds like you have a lot on your plate ( get it ? haha ) ! ! hope you find a nice comfy seat with the rest of us here and enjoy the ride ! ! ! 45618 lol ooops ! yes this was for fate :P me being silly and replying instead of quoting ... : o if you truly are a hunny bunny then of course you are a cute animal ! but yes .. cant tell from avatar : kitteh : oh wow ! if you dont mind me asking , from where to where ? i'll be here for you any way i can ! ! that definitely is a lot of mental / emotional energy to suddenly be expending but just remember to take ... either than or an intp which .. i just dont see lol . god i've been obsessiving on her videos for hte past few hours . i love that one . i actually just learned about definite ... phoenix_rebirth ( omg why wont it tag riiigghht < / 3 ) that made my day ... so obviously you are a very cute animal ? would this be applicable to put under an infp memes / comic forum ? lol if not .. i'm sorry but i had to share the awesome creativity > _ > ! ! ! http://youtu.be/Av_Us6xHkUc please ... tell me more of the things you find amusing : o why is no one on this D: this has great potential ! okay .. something i find funny .. hm ... 45530 45531 45532 i like the way the polls have been playing out and this is a really fascinating question . then again i think it will be more than just the dominate function . my boyfriend and i are both in's ( im ... if i get super addicted to this i'm blaming you <3 i'll contact you once im a player ^ _ ^ ladieubong omg ! sooo true :D * smother smother * ^ _ ^ yay for love ! ! ! oh wow thats a good one o_o what if .. i had went with my heart instead of with my head ? would i still have ended up where i am today ? what if .. i hadn't drank those beers at your place when my ... explain to me simplistically why i should and i'll smother you in it :D i can agree with you .. i love talking to my cats :D i have such amazing conversations with them .. : kitteh : hunny bunny i thought this was directed at me until i realized we already were friends . _ . hehe . random adds are weird but i just accept them then stalk the person and bother them until i know why ... first off , you really don't need a councilor or therapist . yes they can be helpful , very actually , yet like you said they are expensive and sometimes its more helpful to go somewhere ( like here just ... im sitting here at work ( my second-ish job at the college math tutoring lab ) cuddled tightly in my moms hoodie because these people think just because its 90 + degrees outside it needs to be 20 ... my avatar is of what i call a little ' bot ' guy .. because thats what he looks like . he is standing on a laptop reaching into the screen for another bot ( who in the laptop screen looks like its just a ... what if .. oxygen was actually poisonous but it just takes 80-100 years to kill you ? ( lol read this somewhere actually .. ) what if .. we the way we percieve color isn't that colors actual color ? ... hunny bunny - heeeyy i'm not exactly christian but i'll still send my prayers out (: hopefully things will get better soon ! keep your head up and remember to breath ^ _ ^ [ sorry if this has been said before .. ] when you find a new singer that you absolutely fall in love with so you spend the next x-amount of hours finding all their music : blushed : just happened ... omg . omg omg omg ! i thought i was the only one who did this ! ! ! my intp boyfriend gets pissed because i end up making the room look like a huge mess but i have to make a pile so i can proceed ... '