' actually think so to be honest . the pic , the comment .. jup jup isfp . turi i would definitely say ne . when it comes to fi / fe im a bit torn because the way you write would suggest fe but nr 2 . suggests otherwise . i also drawn to te with you . although i wouldnt have ... - double post - - double post - yeah id love to be a ravenclaw .. i mean the fact that they have to solve a riddle every time they want to enter the common room is just awesome isn't it ? ? imagine you're having a bad day and it turns ... haha i love how you want to be a slytherin just to do good xd thats the spirit ! ! ( and also for being a bid of bad ass ;) ) mhmm .. maybe because our intuition about people is usually on the right track some trust it to much ? as in building fast prejudice towards new people and so on . just a thought ... exactly the same . i wonder why a lot of people typed damon as a an enfp . enfps generally don't seek conflict between two other people so how do you explain his provocative nature ? sure you could say he's just an ... hey do you want maybe type me ? i am really unclear about me being an enfp . i hope its okay if you just look at any of my threads and so on i wouldn't really know what treads to link here emotions is probably one of the most important things in my life . i love to get it all out with tears or to just emphasize on life by filling myself wit laughter . both at the same time is the best ! ! ... hey guys :) so i tried getting this topic on the role by doing a questionnaire and asking people to type me on my answers . but that didn't really work out . ( thats understandable . no one wants ... 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... hey you new enfp guy ! ! awesome to have another enfp in our rounds . you're from hungary ? thats cool im from austria ! ! ( right next to you ) i also play the guitar and write songs ! ! thats super funny ... yayy ! look at me inspiring people ! just because i am interested . why exactly do you think so ? i like threads like that . its basically just people asking us why we are the way we are which is super cool to read because i can almost always relate . feels so great . i should come here more often ;) yeah i can imagine that .. to avoid any further confusions let me post my 5 . please type : 1 . he is very quiet but only to observe the situation and people to adjust to it and show one of the ... sorry i think theres been some confusion . the ones before me were already discussing a description of 5 and so i didn't know what to reply to and just put the 5 things out there . i can however , go ... definitely getting that vibe ! please type him : 1 . he is very quiet but only to observe the situation and people to adjust to it and show one of the many facets he has . 2 . he is really good at acting but doesn't really like ... well yes but the flip side is that you expect others to be like that as well . i for example get really cross when somebody treats others badly and does so intentionally . its also kinda selfish ;) ... hi people :) i am a triplet ( we don't look alike and we aren't alike either ) . every single one of us 3 girls is very very different from the outside and from the inside and we even have ... enfp tmlt steal chewing gum from a store intj i am an enfp and i get way to enthusiastic about things i like resulting in them not being as great as i pictured them to be .. :/ okay soo ... i clearly spot an introvert by your description points and also think that you're definitely an fe type . i would have typed you as an infj to be honest i can't quite explain it to you but ... okay jimmy how are you still here all friendly and active ? xd i mean look at you breaking all the ne's loose interest very quickly rules and answering every single intro xd don't get me wrong ... enfp : ~ i am not happy al the time ~ i love sad songs and dramatic music in general ~ i love to cry once in a while just for the sake of it ~ i am not an optimist all the time ~ i am shy at first ... you know you're an enfp when making somebody smile always remains to be your subconscious goal of the day . i've got green / red xd xd but i kinda expected that :) ~ enfp no its not an anime character . its more like a drawing xd a lot of people guess infp with me . but since i switch from extrovert to introvert a lot that does make sense . i would have pictured ... based on you're avatar i would have never typed you as an entp but thats just me xd maybe an infp or an intj yes i think infj fits but maybe one of the more open types too ... anyone else willing to type me ? 1 . when in a group i talk to everybody differently and adapt but still with an equal amount of conversation for each . 2 . i understand people very well 3 . i have ... edit : double post inside out * - * every possible rom-com xd first of all thanks for your answer and detailed explanation :) well its not the descriptions of the actual extroverted functions that make me relate to them its the result i got which looked ... yes but there could still be a certain range where one could say someone is an ambivert . for example : every test i do shows me i have about 55 percent of an extravert and 45 percent ( on average ) of ... hi you all :) sorry i am pretty new to functions and the personality types in general but i know that all my dominant functions just don't really fit together .. :/ so my most dominant ... i partially agree .. well its nice if both people feel the same but if one of them needs time ? if one of them isn't a dreamer ? then things could just be ruined because of ones inpatient attempts . lion daughter please :) adroelectro i know that feeling ! ! like you are rushing into this way to hard which just messes things up . also your emotions grow strong waaay to quickly ... ugh i hate when that happens . let me write you another poem let me write another poem it may or may not be good oh but let me write another poem to make sure that you understood that not every word i say is poetry and ... a buddy would be much appreciated :) got a question to your functions key : what if you are : ne - fe - se - ti ? ? mhmm ok my most important values : ~ the ability for people to be in balance with their own being ( in other words : everybody should have the right to be ok with himself ) ~ people accepting mistakes ... first of all thank a lot for answering arto :) yeah i think you are totally right . having been here for just about 3 days it wasn't hard to notice that only looking at the mbti test isn't enough ... the four toed creed yes austra ( a ) ! ! so are we .. austraniens ? xd i love the sea cow idea xd although i have never ever seen one .. they do look cute though ( i gained that knowledge out of tons of ... for me it is mostly creating song lyrics .. and poems ... '