' rainquility : 5w6 - 9w1 - 3w2 ( the thinker ) sp / so ( the castle defender ) virgo : 9w1 - 7w6 - 3w4 ( the ambassador ) sx / sp ( the seeker ) [ previous istp ; currently isfj ] fakelefty : 9w8 - 3w4 - 7w6 ( the ambassador ) ... alia : 5w6 , 9w8 , 3w2 this one time my friend said to me , - dude , when you are really angry , you look like an accountant whom looking to numbers and trying to what to do . which in this situaution he is commenting ... if dou you need anyone to seduce any woman , or befriend any man , convince anyone to anything . i'm the istp with people skills . google says he has a game channel in youtube . nope . i'm not him . one of'em is my sister . through personal experience , i am lucky to have her . otherwise i can't picture myself to spending time with a feeler . so i'd have no oppurtunity to know one if one of'm is not ... sha la la la la la nope . i meant my stupidity . stupidity . randomly appearing . thanks for hillarity . i hate to lose . best thread . http://cdn.meme.am/instances/250x250/56201209.jpg your mom . still though . respect . no . you . hey , the person who i pictured beatiful in my dumb brain beacuse of some reason . how was your day ? i see a redhead . respect . and it was tasty . so you are banned . chiki poww woav . and it is still going on . so .. banned for extreme skillful lollygaggering . dudes . dudettes . duderinos . i still am . well i am in cerebropathic phase . i put my ti beside . totally go with se for now . i̇t feels me well , and trigger my ni . which i don't understand why , but deals with procrastination . banned because i said so . it is smart , friendly with nature and good technology . simply splendid . follow-up panther fits me . that is some good shit . thanks man , it did very helpfull . after i read your message , i went to a pizzeria , then shopped slowly , then came back and played guitar and did some workout . and due this timei went full sensory ... recently i realized that i have been suffering that ti-ni loop curse . and right now i am having an hyperemotion . i feel nervous , furious and self-hatred . simply i need help about knowing to how can ... dude . just stopped by say to hey . then i am good to go for this lovely evening . ladies and gentlemen , goodnight . i have problem . don't need information about what i am looking for . i need to ask something . do any of you , by chance , know what is the internet ? banned . don't ask me , ask him , he is the reason . good example . hitchcok's thoughts is simple , universal , and timeless yet effective . but i am not sure if it can be done for book . i approve this level of agression . yeah , i need gotta smoke , killing myself more reasonable than except your argument . well you're an infp , what can i except other than endless compassion and mercy ? now i get it , you do it with codes . banned . did not watch the movie , but i am familiar the concept . 12 hours right ? the plan is : take your significant ones to out of civilization with good , capable , skilled friends . ( even the odds ) . stay ... well you know , it is internet . one must not have such a expectations . ^ ^ your avatar will terror childs in their dreams , for decades i presume . banned for cuteness you know , just for a second , i'd need to look at to dictionary for that . nice one cool hat . '