cheers for the tag ! 1 . what is your favorite food ? i dunno , erm pancakes ? but crepes ones or whatever you call them ( not the thick american ones ) if that even counts ... 2 . what is your ... well , like others have to disagree with the chart on quite a lot of the stuff - mostly because its trying a little hard to fit them all into one type per character but i wouldn't say it's completely ... just to promote the esfp case for matt , later on in the season his fi gets messed up and he sort of se-te loops for a while . as well as his poor ni this season . also , this persuaded me a little more : ... redo of my thoughts on typings after mass re-watching and season 2 : matt : esfp - the guy sucks at ni but the sfp argument has already been made else where so i don't wanna re-make it . foggy : esfj ... thanks for responding , i guess i could see some se-you make a good case ( and i'd love to hand her over to the enfjs ) . i still feel everything blanche does is entirely past-orientated - literally all ... could i ask why you think she's written as an nfj ? ( i don't see any ni but i'm interested to know where people are seeing it-i could be persuaded that's she's enfj ) . from the interviews i've seen i'd suggest esfp or some fi-se combo but i haven't seen all of the above so , eh , i don't know . i see se in his hyper-in-the-moment-ness that he displays and his ... i over compensate ti , it doesn't come naturally as it should if it was higher up . for example , i love analyzing things but i go way over board some times and perhaps ruin something completely fine ... just wanted to say hi from a newly discovered esfj ( well , last month counts right ? ) we are essentially unicorns in the land of pc so its nice to see others pleased with their type ...  ... i think naturally talented people and people who have worked really hard to cry on command can . i can't imagine this has anything to do with cognition though . i think fe-doms might be more prone to ... i think four is hyper-aware of the difference between how to social obligations vary drastically from abnegation and dauntless and behaves accordingly in the novels e . g his behavior towards tris when ... i don't think this has been mentioned on the thread ( if it has , forgive me ) but i think i remember reading somewhere a couple of years ago that roth wrote four as an isfj as she wanted to base the ... oooo this is interesting ... i have seen half the film ( yeah , i'm awful ) and have studied the play so i'll just give my thoughts on the play's types to be contrary ... blanche : esfj ... i ... we'd band together and whine to one another about how terrible our type-stereotypes are ... and enforce a mandatory esfj appreciation day wherein everybody has to pat their nearest esfj on their ... i use it when its appropriate to do so ... wow , that was a great response . i feel like me being short factors a lot into this seeing as for me to look into some people's eyes feels like so much ... i'm just posting to subscribe to this thread because i don't have anything new to add the discussion but am interested in people's viewpoints ( essentially , i agree with the majority in all the ... thank you , i struggle with abstracting / summarizing what i'm going on about and this is exactly what i meant . yeah from my description , i see what you're getting that . i wanted to use a real-life example , unfortunately that one is hard to describe without risk of not getting my point across very well . my ... i agree with you , you sound like you have inferior te that is , all the stuff about failing to be able to dismiss your emotions and consider your feelings logically . all this does seem to confirm that ... essentially , what everyone else has said . fe sees something established in the outer realm an obligation ; fi decides what it feels is right to do . for example , i had a conversation with an fi ... sorry this reply is late . the things you're saying about si , are indeed si , particularly if you're doing this to get as much information about this new thing as to either compare it to something ... your probably , from as much as i can tell from this questionnaire , an infp . you seem particularly fi heavy in scenarios 1 and 2 so that would at least rule at isfj . you seem ne / si too but that's more ... i've no clue what you mean here , sorry . rubberduckdudette don't worry , my statement at the end was more cautionary than it was descriptive . that thing with the air-con though , this person is harsh . i think the main thing you can do is ... [ quote = houdini ; 2323139 3 ] jessica : isfp ( i believe i witnessed fi-te ) quote ] could explain what makes you think she's an fi-dom ? i'm not sure she has good understanding of her emotions enough for ... agreed . and yeah , throughout the show i was unsure whether she was a 7 or an 8 . i'd probably go with 8 right now but she's a pretty complex character so i might change my mind later . [ quote = rainquility ; 2322091 3 ] i'll do my best . although i might need to start from the bottom up . i apologize for the elaborate breakdown . as far as i am now , episodically , i believe most ... nice typings . i agree with a lot of these ... i think you've hit the nail on the head with malcolm being an inferior se user : he desperately tries to control his chaotic environment or disregards ... i've just finished watching jessica jones . great series ; its nice to see marvel do really dark plotlines . so , what are people's thoughts on typings ? i'm not sure on any of these but i just ... i'm sorry that this woman is being inconsiderate to your friend but none of these behaviours necessarily indicate that she's an fe-dom . she just sounds like a person with general inconsiderate ... that's great , its nice to see that its given you some guidance ( although also remember mbti is thought-process not a box so if you end up being an engineer or something , i'm sure you'll equally excel ... all that sounds very much inferior se and fe to me . that is , reacting to circumstances instantly but otherwise being dis-jointed from your surroundings while still wanting to please . particularly the ... those descriptions seem fair but i would say inferior se leads to ignoring the physical world or over-fixating on it ( alike all inferior functions ) . i've also found these that might be helpful ( in ... cherryfox 22 have you got these from 16personailities ? they definitely seem familiar , i know i've read them somewhere . those descriptions don't reference functions at all . they're just making ... no problem , glad to be of use . i'm just adding on to say that i'd also just caution you with the initial tests that you took ( such as the above ) because they don't look at functions , only the four ... i very much agree with loltengu . you seem like a typical infj : so much fe here you poor thing ! i would advise ( if you haven't already ) looking at the functions the infj uses that is , ni-fe-ti-se ( in ... has anyone given any further thought to sam's or dean's enneagram ? i know it was a topic on here a few years back but i can't find any recent discussion of it . anyway , so i thought i'd make a few ... sx / sp interesting question . if i'm alone for a day ( without interacting with anyone i the real world ) i'll absolutely hate it . its not so much that i don't have my own thoughts and musings : i just need to ... odd questions but i see the points you're getting at ... all of these require a lot of knowledge about the trains and their occupants ... how would i know the hammock man was on the train ? did i ... this bit rings true for me and , i imagine , most high fe users : because of their chameleon quality , they will embody whatever their delicate gyroscope tells them to embody at any given time . infjs ... i just finished series one about a week ago ! just as the new series has started which i won't be able to watch ... i clearly suck . anyway , awesome series . i would post my thoughts about the ... i agree with most of these . and i feel the same way about aragorn ... he seems like some weird isfp / istj mash-up . i might be inclined to think boromir as an fe-dom just because of his manipulative ... this seems like inferior fe at work . i too have thoughts like this but as an fe-dom , i can compare them with my environment and know that i'm being irrational . inferior fe is somewhat detached ... basically what others have said , if i got to the point when nobody cared about me and there was no way that i could see of meeting new people , i might reach a stage of considering it . however , i ... lette 9w8 -7-3 so / sx apa enfp 714 ? atenea infp 5w4 sx / sp axwell 3w4 sp / so bathilda infp 5w4 so / sp 593 blue flare intj 7w8 sx / so cerenach entp 6w5 ? sx / sp charlie.elliot infj 9w1 so / sx choice ... outwardly , most of us feel the need to be socially acceptable , at least to same extent . but inside our heads , we can be whatever we want ... so how socially acceptable are you inside your head , ... [ quote = mushr 00m ; 19407842 ] two [ quote ] this is a fairly decent description , i wouldn't exactly disagree with it . however , i think i did come across this description when i was first reading into ... i knew the enfj one would be telepathy ... enfjs always seem to be associated with mind-reading ( the film version of charles xavier to name one ) . yeah i agree , i think enneagram 2 entj would definitely work for him . in fact , i seem to remember in the season 8 finale when he's being'cured ' he screams ' i just want to be loved ! ' or words to that ...