' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SVQDD7TK-qA delete grape vines to dumb it down , it's all in your vocabulary . hell yeah , for like 3 minutes . after months of no work ( and my mother posting my email on the wrong job board . ) i went to an interview for a job i'm interested in , but overqualified for . kinda knew i wasn't going to get hired ... so would you ever ? yes . do you think its wrong to do so ? no , we do it all the time . do you think bringing someone back from the dead makes them a monstrosity ? hmmm ... yes . im up . yeah they're cute . yeah i need sex . yeah i have one there . don't care that she's young . why don't i have a house . not my fault , not my fault , not my fault . yeah , uh huh ... ok . well .. fuck ... the hitchhikers guide to the galaxy by douglas adams angels with filthy souls . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_VdSCMJhx0 get rid of dude . i don't even think he's an intj , the maturity just isn't there . ( coming from the most immature intj ) ... ain't no dude getting raped by a girl . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GxVdTQyEPQo i feel the same way right ... but she's not here right now . the new james bond . message me ... but uh . is it a necessary evil ? no what would drive you to go there ? meeting girls outside is no fun right now . i want to be able to pick . would you deliberate and peruse ... hilarious . do something ambidextrous to practice dancing ( outside of dancing ) . jump rope , dribble a basketball , run back and forth wildly . it will just help you get used to your body . don't ... i would have to be really really tired to the point i can't complete physical activity . have any of you successfully lost inhibition ( for days ) without the use of drugs or alcohol . i've definitely considered that . but they were just too dumbed down and clearly had nothing for me past looking like i had a job ... absolutely . i look at it like , math , philosophy , english , and science you have to have a basic grasp of all these to succeed . not family oriented . my immediate family didn't even pretend to support my goals and or life choices ... yet they had no endgame of their own . i'm trying to get up with my dad's side to no real ... i don't look like my knowledge . other people make it simple , you make it easy . yeah , you heard me the first time . no . because when were not serious people , don't get it . eh stop being mean haha get on social media and fire away until someone pops up . and by fire away i mean post the most fake un-intj stuff available ( pictures , quotes etc ) . or just throw the ... wake up at 115 have to get to recycling by 2 grab bottles , realize i wont get there in time . go grab bike out of the garage ... kids bike ( he isn't here ) get to recycling . drop bike and hop ... decided against the pen again when straight to the pad my beds like the lab got loops in a bowl a hole in my soul but complaining's getting quite old like fuck was i gonna do nah . i just know . so leave me alone . calendar , pen , and paper . i try not to use computers to write when i'm planning . alright so ... they're less drama . that's it . i don't like having my picture taken ( unless it's with people i like ) and i don't take pictures . - when and around whom are you blunt ? are you more blunt in certain situations ? i'm blunt around people who i feel can take my attitude and more blunt when attacked . - do you think about the ... * comes downstairs to fake friendly nosy asshole uncle : what are you doing ? ( condescending you're in your room tone ) me : working on a paper . ( the same one i've been griping all day ) nau : ... make sure you're an intj before you come in that forum .  ... social anxiety disorder , gad , ocd , and panic attacks ... welcome aboard . unless the person has a problem with mortifying vocabulary . regrets are difficult for me because i can't tell the future . i only play with the cards i have . i have spent the last 3 or so years dealing with people , pushing toward a goal that i found on my ... wrath - extreme anger ( chiefly used for humorous or rhetorical effect ) it's not wrath . i just want to win directly and effectively eliminating you . but i just want to win , not crush your soul ... if ... example : i get an offer every couple weeks for jobs ( spain , argentina , mexico , bumfuck virginia ) from an agency ( i'm really my own manager ) i can take it or leave it . person ; what are you ... they cut me off . i can deduct their level of intelligence 7/10 by when they cut me off . the earlier the stupider , unless it's debate and they can't reason . baby noises ( from adults ) piss you off . im getting it , trusting other people and just living , send questions to get answers . http://i272.photobucket.com/albums/jj192/xesbex/today_zpsxpvvgkrt.gif we are no shit sometimes , but why ? it's your problem not mine - - - i'm strictly about the mission . nothing else . ... make sure you go in with a completely open mind and heart . many of us intj's self included have the know it all attitude based on judgement and won't let go of our past experiences . i'm dealing ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9R-kfnQPrus that before you get up slobber smell is on my blanket and it reminds me of the morning when i woke up with her . fifa the only game i can play for more than an hour . gran turismo , haven't played in years . i did play battlefield hardline and it was fun hiding and killing mad people . just outsmarting people ... easy there buddy ... : laughing : skateboarding was probably my first love . kids in my block got them in the late 90 ' s and i wanted one . it was something i could do by myself and it wasn't a sport i did all of the time .  ... i started my journey so i could make money to retrieve the girl but i never progressed . i haven't been prescient enough . so i go back to the beginning but time is ticking ( for the girl ) . yeah i'm ... last night i had a very lucid dream in which i was able to respond to the questions asked , anticipate or dictate the color of the item on the table ( rare steak ) , clearly view several faces , and in the ... '