' haha ! zippy do wah ... leave oh , don't worry , i want to blow up everyone equally . ( it's how i make friends . i don't understand why they go away so quickly ! ) i saw what you said in gray man dude . it don't matter if fear admits that you own here , cause you don't . i do . now shhh . admit that i own , and stop posting . oh hi kyo ! yeah , i heard that there were a bunch of no good muckety mucks , mucking up my mucking thread . i've just come in to brush away the trash . please get in the big black plastic bag , and don't ... hey ! the hyper cube is mine ! mine ! you don't look at it , you don't pray to it , you don't even so much as sniff at it ! do you understand . you blind , dirt living , soil licking , fluff ball ? i'd threaten ... ok then ... how bad do you want it ? here is the deal , stop posting and let me win . and i will send you all of my strawberry twizzlers . deal ? now that we have that out of the way ... twizzlers anyone ? ( i have strawberry , and strawberry , oh and there's some strawberry around somewhere too . ) hey ! what the hell is this ? i thought i won this thing already . what are you guys still doing here ? get out ! now ! you just don't get it ! it's not yours , it's mine ! i swear ... one of these days ... no ! not now . my evil plan ... you guys could just go away , ya know . then you won't have to see this thread . geez , i never knew my evil plan would be so hard to grow . yes , i will see that he is properly cared for . if there are no other minions left , well , i guess we'd have to call that the retreat . i'd send him back to you , before i disappear . he'd be doing just ... that may be the nicest thing anyone's ever said to me . * tear drops on cheek * hey you guys , lets have less chatter in here now . infermiera and i still have some dickering to do . mr . meepers you stand still up there , where you can be properly looked at . quit playing with aubbs ... this is not mindslinger , it's me . he doesn't know i'm doing this , so leave him be . anyway , i claim the win in his place . i might make him whip you with a whip soaked in salt brine if you get lippy . yes , but it wasn't really all that painful . let's try it again . not ! then kindly stand over there and keep quiet ! cause i don't wanna ! i wanna be the only winner ! now now now ! * stomps feet , n holds breath * i'm pretty sure you were not invited into this negotiation . however , if you have minions that may be for rent , then please , place them on the stage so that we may check them over for quality . oh , no worries . i will use but not abuse . i have an evil plan to take over this entire world , starting with this very thread . if you allow me to use mr . meepers in the furthering of this goal , you ... mr . meepers shhh ! this conversation is about you , not to you . hush now , and let your overlords do business . wut ? i'd be really upset bout that if i actually wanted a hug from a filthy cat . still , i think i'll take one of your legs and start calling you tripod . i'm in negotiations for control of a minion ... ok that's alright then . can i borrow mr . meepers so i can use his minion skills for a while ? i'll pay you for the right to use him as my minion . how bout it ? what'll it take ? everyone's got their price . how bout a big gooey chocolate chip cookie ? you know , the soft kind that gets your ... prove it ! oops ? what , did something fall out ? you are not enlightened . if you were enlightened you would just go away ! please be enlightened . i wanna win this thing damnit ! i never win anything . it's just so unfair . me obviously . : tongue : unbelievable ! none of you has won . you just refuse to see the truth . i will point it out directly ... i win ! that is incontrovertible proof . i just hope that you guys will eventually see that i am most suited to win this thing . i was born to win this thing . i have it tattooed on my ass . i will show it to you guys if you want to see it ... hey , what's everyone talking about ? no never mind . don't tell me . i'll just go back and read . you guys suck at being evil . it works best when you throw it in everyone's faces . then they get to protest and make you feel all warm fuzzy about how evil you are . my plan to not get killed , silly . http://i454.photobucket.com/albums/qq263/fattredd/EvilFace.jpg i am so , so happy that my plan worked . i feel much safer now . erm ... can we go back to my evil plan now ? i tried , but i can't get my puter or my ipad in it . even my mouth isn't that big . show me how . lol . no , i was playing . also when i said wut ? i like to keep people confused . it helps make them forget to kill me . have you forgotten about killing me yet ? cause i was hoping you would not ... wut ? thanks ! love the love ! well look , there's no need to get all violent about this thing . i don't really care to be killed just now . i can re-think the whole world domination thing . ok ? ok , i have re-thought the whole world ... heh ! i thought that had gone unnoticed . thanks man ! uh ... human man ... you have to speak in human . we can't understand you with you mewling all over the place . spam ? isn't that like , emails from advertisers n stuff ? how do you eat that ? are you crying ? crying ? ? ? there is no crying in evil world domination ! alright aubbs give kyo some milk and cookies , then meet me in my trophy room . we've got work to do . ( don't worry about bringing ... no ! it is most certainly not ok . i need minions if i am to succeed . don't you understand ? there are bigger things at stake . we start here in this thread . i take it over . then we take all of perc in ... idk , i'm just not feeling the love guys . it used to seem like , idk like you guys cared about me and my utter take over of this domain . my evil plan seemed in such harmony with y'alls pointless ... i have to take a nap now , because i need to be sharp for this thing . so , look ... nobody post for a while . i mean it ! i will know if you do . too late . haven't you been paying attention ? geez ! i hate it when pretenders think they can just say things . alright , well look ... we can work together on this thing , but you'll have to share the cookies . i'm afraid it's a deal breaker . i am tempted to be offended , but that is such a pretty move , you get points for posting it . * goes back to happy dreams of minions and thread domination now * thanks man . yeah , i think you can make it disappear whether you have convinced your brain you have the warning or not . like a three year old with a gun , i proved it later that same year . i stopped ... '