' when you find out the secret please let me know :) esfp ? i was thinking about this and realize it's going to sound kinda dumb . so a boy bought me yarn ... and we get along great . i haven't touched the yarn yet , he's been asking me if i've made anything with ... sounds like my entp date . he really likes me but says he doesn't want anything serious and that he's not boyfriend material , maybe code for that he's not actually interested in me ? so he told me ... i saw this picture earlier today and thought it was really funny , still occasionally laugh thinking of it 521929 i still have this problem . i think the main reason for me is that i feel i am not very street smart , so i can't pick up on people's off behaviour so i feel like i aalways have to be on guard . it just ... i know it's a really depressing song , but sometimes when i have an emotional crash it helps me feel at ease https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kr7PtJAesA8 sometimes i get infp imposter syndrome where i start to doubt whether i am really an infp or maybe i am something else . i don't know if anyone has this ... sometimes i think i might be an isfp ... i ... it's last day of class , and you get the courage to talk to your crush , and then attempt to do what you think is flirting , then you run home and relieved you never have to see them again , but you are ... yes i try to be helpful to others , but if i feel like my efforts aren't appreciated i may be less helpful . i do give advice to random people sometimes ... i have never been asked to mentor anyone but ... an isfj guy i'm dating is not being clear with me . we talked and realized we want different things out of life ; even said we are fundamentally different people . but this person has admitted they ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AWGqoCNbsvM i am shaken and in tears right now : crying : i have nobody to talk to about this . i spoke with a boy for 2 weeks , and i know it's such a little time span ... he won me over ... was really nice to me ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eimgRedLkkU i somehow created an internet argument with this guy , and now he's just insulting me and it's annoying me - _ - ... not a fan of debating cheesy music https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uIrtJ6mtiI4 a few weeks ago my sister gave the the news that she's pregnant . i was so happy for her . then a few days said she had some news to tell me , and she shocked us all by telling us that she was expecting ... there's this enfj guy i used to really like .. and i haven't been in contact with him for years ... i added him on linkedin . and somehow he got added to my whatsapp messenger .. now ... would you feel ... after learning about mbti a lot of stuff with my past relationships and friendships make so much sense . a few years back .. i had an enfj gym teacher and we got along so great , i didn't realize how ... lecture subway quinoa since i'm in the mood for pizza ... pineapples live in a isolated cabin with no friends , or live in a crowded apartment but with lots of friends ? i want to be a dentist , something that seems odd when i tell people . they always think i mean dental hygienist . and also listed as one of the few careers that infp's should avoid . i also like math ( i ... wow you're looking really hot you sexy thang ! an intj classmate sent this to me , really like it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mjgm3xHr96Q&nohtml5=False yes , everything he said was on the first date i keep thinking about my date last night . my head is saying one thing but my heart is saying something else . i honestly don't know how i feel about this guy . i'm not thinking about him in a romantic ... today i spent the whole day at home listening to music ... and spending time online . i feel like i've wasted a precious day ... i am usually very productive with homework and stuff so when i miss a ... i think i would really enjoy that . my single intp friend went into the mountains in wales for 3 days and said he really enjoyed it but he reccomends bringing extra blankets as it gets very cold ... just ate some peanuts 501866franz kafka ( really got into his writing after reading metamorphosis ) and another writer ... 501874virginia woolf 501882olly alexander ( from years & years ) because he speaks out about mental ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hXTAn4ELEwM i am usually too shy to post my picture on forums : blushed : but i guess i feel brave today , so here i am before heading to bed 501850 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UZp6dhheriM https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4aeETEoNfOg https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hXTAn4ELEwM yes they are rare , i've only met 2 in my lifetime . one was at a coffee shop cashier , i just knew as soon as she took my order . the other one was my ex's little brother . when i see them i really ... - - falling off track i'm so grateful for my sister and new friend . both are enfj , i'm so used to withdrawing when i'm upset , they pry me open sort out my feelings and leave me feeling really good about myself . :) * are you choosing to be single ? for now . yes , since i just got out of a long term relationship recently . * how long have you been single ? a few months , * how do you feel about being single ? ... i'm having a weird time getting along with this person . i feel like i am crossing some personal boundary with them , and they get uncomfortable , and then i withdraw a little because i think they feel ... i'm having a really hard time understanding the enfj guy in my class . i think he doesn't like me for some reason or there's a misunderstanding between us . he came up to me to say something , and i was ... the enfj guy in my class came up to me to say something today . it was the most intense experience i've had with another human being ... it's so intense i can't handle it lol i don ` t know if this is just me but when you try to impress me it turns me off a little but i ` ll entertain the thought and let you try because i think it ` s cute , but the more you will be pushed into ... b . ) a person who keeps telling you how to do things ( efficiently ) .. for a ) i would sort of understand the pushiness , but b ... oh ... i wouldn ` t like it at all ! ! sometimes i figure things out too late ... in highschool i was in a bad relationship , so i was always so drained emotionally . and there was this guy i thought was cute but i kept thinking ... but ... as a child i always had deep intuition into other people . i knew my sixth grade teacher was in an unhappy marriage , and i could see she wasn't really being herself . recently i met her and she told ... i have too many of these embarassing moments ... i was standing on this busy street , and watching the constructuction happening and wondering where this faint noise was coming from , i hadn't realized i ... little birds in the spring always catch your attention , they're too cute to ignore today my instructor said i didn't understand the assignment . i just put my own twist to it , so i made his assignment more interesting , and he took off marks for not following instructions i see you're not signed up for a credit card with us , why not ? ? if you sign up with us we can waive the fees that i just charged you ( intentionally because i'm hoping you're going to sign up with ... '