' i'm an intp sagittarius . i know an enfp , two estjs and another intp to be sagittarius . haven't met xstp sagittarius yet but i've heard that there are a lot of them . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vBUw2Om-ew8 slavic people are saviors of the white race i think he is an esfp which is strange because his favourite singer is sam cooke and cooke seems as an enfj to me . very different personality types . what about these : useless , full of rubbish , useless , full of rubbish , projecting emotions on others while believing that they read them but they are full of rubbish ? i think that max payne is an istp and mona sax is an enfp ti dom doesn't make you a genius . some people use deductive reasoning all their life and they still suck at it . tony s - estj tony b - xntp ( he hurts himself a lot when in action , so he is an intuitive ) carmela - enfj meadow - enfj aj - intp paulie - entp silvio - istp johnny sack - estj phil leotardo - ... james gandolfini esfj 9w8 tony soprano entj 8w7 don't forget that in socionics , you're an istj ( which is an istp , ti-se user ) . here i get coke from a spic on a fish boat . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xYTTpUOLfaA not an enfp though . feel free to guess my type ;) 3622663622 8236229036 2298 362306 i'm not an istj but i advice you to take the bus for a while . he may realize that there are some changes that need to happen . then he'll let you know when to ride with him . ;) ( that's a wink ) thanks sheeesh , you can count right . that's impressive as fuck . thanks ! what vibe do i give off to you ? me in my different flavors . eric cartman - entj stan - entp kyle - estj butters - infj chef - esfp token - istp kenny - i don't know first type that came to my mind is intj but you can be an infp too . i think you're fi , te or te , fi for sure . one of my best friends is an esfj . he is perfect with observational comedy . hardworkers music which contradicts the intp stereotype : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rVIIUaWxvb8 get promised to receive some pokemons . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7JQX3gvc86c https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7JQX3gvc86c my mischievious behavior included : sliding the lighter across somebody's face and spraying it , drawing a moustache on somebody with a permanent marker , putting thumbtacks on chairs , knee-kicking ... i love smooth jamz : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=40-oo1S2WEw my tiny little room : 357642 me being in a hipster mode . 357530 3575 38 357546 my grandparents are sensitive to anything different than christianity . i have individualistic beliefs . my brother is an atheist . when you cook your food with a lighter and a spray . old school ja rule tracks back when murda inc was the shit . when i was in primary school i was an asshole kid who provoked a lot of shit but was scared of confrontation . i used to make friends with bullies so i can go against other bullies . i was never on the ... when you look assertive as you're really bout to do shit about an issue then go to the bathroom for a thinking pause but you end up in a vegetable state for 4 hours straight . or , random people want ... easy . michonne is an istp rick is an estj shane is an esfp merle is an esfp darryl is an estp glenn is an infp maggie is an enfp hershel is an infj lori may be an esfj you know you're an infj when your enfj mother asks you to do your chores and you go out persuading people into making the world a better place . i have to ask you my friend : what do you know about a mill work ? with metal chips behind your neck . i prefer to pick a cotton field up . solid 9 to 5 , but it might go 12 . besides that you have ... add is fun . i love playing with it . as an infj i prefer not to do any . dexter is an istp actually . i think he is a ti-dom and he uses ni to support it.he is more of a extraverted sensor rather than extraverted intuitive.people confuse dexter for an introverted sensor ... '