' is there own person . stays true to themselves , and lives life at their own pace . why entp , what are these earbuuds you speak of ? some esoteric new concept ? your latest obsession , perhaps ? or possibly a clever satire on big dairy's advertising campaign ? oh , do tell . oh , entp , you do so amuse me ! they are not insults . they are critiques . of course i'd be gentle . you haven't seen me when i'm estj though . ohohohohohoho . as for you , unknown , keep typing those ... um ... so typical of an entp to go for such low hanging fruit . you should have made a pun about birds and bees or something . try a little creativity here and there ! a thinker such as yourself should understand easily , entp ! or perhaps you are out of touch with your childhood self ? for shame ! go read an aesop's fable while hanging upside down and holding your ... easy for the bat to say to the birds and the beasts . teehee my , my , someone is projecting . perhaps because you have no true identity of your own . poor soul , i pity you . my head is in the clouds ? well you have more in common with clouds than i do , unknown ! vague , nebulous , changeable , far from concrete ... unknown . get your head out of the clouds and figure out your ... lol i will do that from now on . s'up down ... i am ashamed of myself for not thinking of that first ! uh ... so you're saying you have an inferior posterior ? s'down ? vegan french toast w / maple syrup and fruit compote , omelette w / spinach , broccoli , mushrooms , bell peppers and daiya , regular toast , earth balance , vanilla soy milk , home fries , ketchup ... it was my ... eh ... ah ... too ... fantastic ... al ... yep . that works . hello of course she does . as should be obvious from our conversation on this thread , she is incredibly agreeable . ah , lol . she's the head . i'm the brain . well , then . ladies first . ( i have one ... but i'm not sure whether it's too much or not so i'll hold off for now ) a shaman ? if one exists , i'm sure you'd be able to find it . you're certainly no stranger to miracles - you work them every time you manage to form a coherent thought ! :p roud : of course , every time ... if te-doms are full of appendages , then fe-doms are full of something else entirely - especially esfjs . i was only trying to scare them away . i wanted to spare them from you , you see . i wouldn't ... oh darling , time spent talking to you and anyone would need a therapist ! and while you may ( try to ) joke , you should consider yourself lucky that my fi is consistently overridden by my te , or i ... i was like you , once . it was really really sad all the time . most things i find funny have their foot in their mouth , it's true . and you , well you're just so good at making me laugh with your own attempts at humor . it must be all that ti . oh darling , it's more often simile than metaphor . do try to get it right . i know you esfjs aren't as dedicated to accuracy , but that is no excuse . and , my dear , you seem to be mistaking well ... they're both great , but it would be nice to see his face . ;) i really like this one ! i love this sentence right here . you should incorporate it into a song or some such thing ! ;) you think tea is gross ? blasphemy ! i agree . when did i say anything about coffee , though ? someone needs some caffeine ! eh ? ! we better , if we don't want to get caught in the crossfire ! my dear , this is so very cute , however , perhaps you'd best work on your analogies . i know that failed call is meant to symbolize your own thoughts - incomplete , dead , useless ... but leave it to those ... youx 92re right . i am thurston . i am your therapist . ix92ve tried to fix you , esfj , ix92ve tried so hard - every standard method . none of it was working . i was forced to be a bit morex 85 creative . i played ... a very easy to understand ( read : simple ) lady whose post truly epitomizes the picture in her signature . i only seem that way ' cause you're near me , darling . ( gtg now , bye ! ) of course not . there's always only ever one option , and that's what i tell you to do . so glad you're finally catching on to that fact . carry on . ( and i have to give this to my little brother soon ) if by run my office , you mean run it straight into the ground , then that is a very accurate statement . secondly , i never payed you in sacks of flour . it was your dear thurston who advised me to ... ( that was actually a temporary reverting back into my infp self . disregard it . ) no way ! you're super good . everyone should join in . it's fun . i won't bite . unless you bite first . my , my , have you tapped my phone lines , esfj ? how desperate you must be to have someone to boss around . why don't you go baby that sack of flour and then bake a cake to make yourself feel better ? ... ( do what ? why aren't you joining in ? it's fun ! ) same as any other day that isn't wednesday , tuesday , or saturday . or ... pretty good ? homemade peppermint iced tea ! please , darling . as if i make my phone calls myself . i have a secretary for that . i suppose since you care so much you make all your phone calls yourself , don't you esfj ? probably most of which go ... that's right . in fact that's how i looked you up , esfj , dearest . nice ! and you tell me i can't take a joke . your ti must be the size of dick cheney's heart . i'm sure i don't need to tell you how small that is . on second thought ... i think i do . i know i tend to give long lectures . so you just head underwater right now , and i'll make it extra long for you . don't come up until it's over ! go ahead . do us all a favor . you love those things , ... psh . i don't lecture my goldfish . they're underwater , so it's not like they'd even hear me . but then i suppose i shouldn't expect an esfj to use anything resembling logic . '