' trump doesn't stand a chance , people should stop worrying . he has too many radical opinions that offend too many people on all sides . the only reason he's on the news so much is because he's a ... i'm not really thinking about furthering the stereotype of intp's without feelings . emotion plays a part in the equation but it is not the deciding factor . more like the self-proclaimed ... trans humanism , becoming more self-sufficient , physically holding and understanding more information , and becoming more machine-like with my general routines are all becoming more enticing to me than ... yes ! when i have nothing occupying my mind i find i have to take note of my surroundings , but in a tactical sense . what places would be best to fortify / hide in from an attack or random shooter . what ... i function the same way . if i'm in public i make doubly sure to keep it internal and check people around me to see if they can tell . something strange that i sometimes do that probably causes ... true enough , my response might not have been as enthusiastic if she were male . there's not really much to the background . when i was very young we played dolls / action-figures at her house ... why does everybody think i want this girl , lol ? she lives waaay too far away . her behavior was simply confusing an i seek to understand why . haha that grape story made the thread , let's hear some ... she's not local she's from another state that i used to live in . i'm simply curious as to why someone from so far away from so long ago goes through the trouble of ; looking me up via 18 + year old ... i was browsing around on facebook when i see a friend request from a girl who's mutual friends with my best friend and sister from back in elementary school in another state . i accept , browse her ... in my current rut ( quarter-life crisis ) i went from august till christmas with the folks , without seeing anyone besides my mj dealer upstairs . so i can last at least 5 - months or more with internet , ... tell her to preserver and to always push herself beyond her social comforts even if it leads to embarrassment . i was always very anxious and i've gotten fairly socially comfortable without any ... that was very interesting ! i wish one woman would've numbered her's off before each to make it easier to follow , but that was an awesome lesson on how many accents the uk has . i never realized just ... hoodies , lots and lots of hoodies . especially hoodies with zippers and big hoods . unzipped it's well decorated addition to the t-shirt , zipped provides cover and acts as a poor man's jacket . it's ... it's kinda funny . he has some insight and at times his voice inflections add a lot , but it's fairly obvious that he doesn't delve deep enough into the details in his jokes to be effective . he gets ... i think it's sarcasm , but i don't know why or what it's about . 446322 i see i'm not the only one who mostly likes their documents on the right and their programs on the left . i don't care too much about my birthday either , but i did call my ex out on her lax in manners regarding my birthday , and boy did that turn into a mess . this actually just happened as my birthday ... no no sillies . they're the dayz coordinates for all mbti types in the game . now we can track them down and do horrible things , like feed them bleach and rotten kiwis . you nailed it . i can't wait for self-driving cars , traffic would almost never be a problem again and i'm very tired of all the idiots on the roads today . people don't take seriously the fact that ... 100 years ago we didn't have moore's law . the internet is only the beginning of an increasingly visible growth in our technology . there's a lot of projects currently making serious progress ( some more than others ) that most people only believe exist in the movies . in other words science is making big moves behind all the ipads ... someone jokingly said to me that i was asexual then i laughed an said nah i like dem titties too much and but i could see how some people might think that i am i can see the appeal in being ... it feels good to be intp and know that despite being our own worst enemy at times , there are many of us who fight the battle and win . it proves that it's possible for any intp to win , even at moments ... i'm almost 25 and despite not having any career-prospects or close friends there are a lot of things i'm proud of . for me it has mostly been various sorts of social improvements . things like going ... yea i wish i hadn't gone to college directly after high school either . i didn't know enough about myself or what i wanted and my focus didn't usually land in the right places . instead of coming out ... my favorite was thorrin's on-off switch for the gold-fever , and the times where the elf chick is repelled and stares sorrowfully at her dwarf lover about to be stabbed . like , at least cut to another ... ahhh that explains it . big corporate greedy producers came in and pulled another firefly-scenario ( is there a word for when the corporate filth touches something and destroys it ? we need a word ) ... what a corn-fest . i'm almost speechless at how horrible of an experience that was . after the first movie's redundancies i was rather pleased with the 2nd movie . what the hell happened ? they had all ... from my experiences so far i'd say having no purpose and feeling useless is what hurts an intp the most . i have no bond with my family , no close friends , and no career prospects for the future ... i like to smell good but it's not that important if i'm alone . if i'm not going anywhere or doing anything for a while i don't shower for a few days , but when i'm active or on a routine it goes back ... it's not just france it's anything that's not radically islamic . i'm not sure what to think on these deaths , it's almost as if there is no solution . there's only so far nations can push their ... anarchy allows for intps to more easily be recognized as intelligent and worth listening to because of how well we could handle it , but anarchy's problems wouldn't allow us to spend hardly any time ... my favorite bethesda blooper is where in oblivion they likely spent half their budget to hire patrick stewart and sean bean for 5 minutes of voice acting . then hired two or so bland actors to do the ... just finished watching the 2005 series rome for the first time and i think i've vetted octavian as an intp . which , would make him one of the few ( maybe the only modern ? ) main character intps on an ... behold the power of the lich king as i necromate all the dead threads into one mega-necro-thread army that will devour your very own forum wall ! yea , i feel pretty random today . party or not if there was a place large enough to host a variety of activities and loads of intps , i think it would be awesome to wander around and see all the different things that were happening ... what are intps conquerors of ? could you explain # 7 a little further please ? i think # s 1 & 4 are the worst . they are the foundation that the other issues are built on . 1 . the need to be right as opposed to establishing an ... getting worse ? that pattern you're just noticing reached it's peak a couple years ago , right around the time they came out with fast and furious 4 . we're just spinning that same wheel now , slowly ... the enneagram labels fives ( intps ) as investigators and observers followed by terms like thinker , sage or voyeur . i like investigator and observer the best . lol , that's funny , 2 hours is the number i typically give my roommate for how long i'll attempt to have fun at the bars / club / pregame party . the song does sound mainstreamy , but the words match ... unfortunately my friend has lost some of his integrity since i first met him . he frequently seeks casual dating to the extreme and runs around the house talking about himself and the daily things he ... so i've just recently moved to colorado and i'm 25 . i no longer have that basic friend circle or college with which to meet new people easily . the cold approach is now more or less my only means of a ... a good icebreaker is to do a friendly activity together . if you're focused on doing something there's not so much pressure on coming up with a topic and conversations will arise naturally . once ... that and intp's are inherently neutral . evil and neutral being almost mutually exclusive where as neutral and good , not so much . i've lived with an infp for about 3 years now and from what i've noticed about our interactions thus far is , infps are like motivational speakers and intps are like scientists delivering a report .  ... true enough ; but i think an intp , especially one who lives balanced with their emotions , could see the inhumanities of certain actions and would have the wisdom to seek the advice of others and to do ... haha just an expression , but the fact that some people rather put it in the butt when other options available suggests to me they're gay . that is what makes gay people gay right ? : o i think its because intp core ambitions are typically of a noble nature , we seek to explore , to gain knowledge , and to unite our inner selves . not to accrue wealth or power . also , exploring is a lot ... i'd say my preference kinda conflicts with the intp description . sex isn't something i could care less about it's a must for me , therefore attempting to have sex with strangers while searching for a ... '