' i dunno about latin , but you could learn modern greek and then pick up ancient too . i find rosetta stone and other similar language learning programs useless to be honest . i think that's a very black & white way to see it though . i've had severe social anxiety in the past , to the point i couldn't leave my house except to buy water and maybe food . had i applied that ... freespirit 777 saline is just salt water but in the right amount for medical use , it's one of the most important things we have as it's used for rehydration , wound cleaning etc . you know , when they ... what about the other 2 complaints ? i don't think you should detach yourself , that's a bit of an extreme measure . you can train yourself to be more appropriate in social environments . i've had my ... so uhh apparently me and my sister has a supevision relationship , she is entp i am infp so i'm her supevisor . problem is she is also 8 years older than me , kinda narcissistic and we don't get along ... have you been australian kissed by a french guy tho ? i was french kissed by a french man once i'm starving ! that was super cute je suis monte we will ride you over the rainbow : angry :: blushed :: kitteh : gotta feed their plant babies i read more about the issue and understand better . it definitely describes the relationship with my ex very well . however , what i meant about more nuanced was more relating to how people feel about ... nah only animal sources have b12 and fortified plant foods like cereal and plant milk that sounds nasty vitamin b12 is actually stored in the liver , but because it's water soluble the excess is easily excreted and even not absorbed in the first place . 1 ) yes it is okay , supplements can go as high ... i don't blame you personally but this post has totally triggered my self loathing issues : crying : ( that i think relate to my weaker functions ) but the description says it's the benefactor who cannot ... how can men deserve to stay at home for being pregnant when they can't get pregnant ? also , no , women do not stop working until maybe the last few weeks and for a while after due to the infant's ... anyone refusing to work is viewed as such , regardless of gender , generally . all the things you describe already happen though . well except the law / military and labor jobs . ah , i've read this before and have experienced it at least to some degree with my intj ex . the initial part is definitely how described , lots of admiration and amazement from me . he thought himself ... i'm not aware of that indeed then . or maybe i am and don't know it's a si related thing , can you explain it more ? is it relevant to how we like to control our space for example ? spanking too nah , i think i know what you mean , i think once you have te you gotta have control in some way . we're not exempt of it and it can cause problems for sure . the driving force to reach the mushy heart ... oh , goodness no i would never do that , i'm just a humble infp . most i want to do with an intj is be their hug pillow and make them tea . i just chimed in because i find it hard to believe most intjs ... i had an intj boyfriend , can't exactly say it's possible to use them for experiments , if anything they'll use you and you won't even know how you even agreed to begin with . nietzsche was mentally unwell and an outcast , definitely lots of ni and the way he injects his own values in his work and goes against the social norms i'd say fi too . his work is emotional but we ... rare unicorns of doom those feelings being on a spectrum explains it nicely , so i agree . no i'm not mixing them up and since you mention them i don't think these two are unrelated to each other , as in they affect each other . i mentioned for example how in my country people voted for a ... that's why i told you to read the previous posts , to understand what i mean by muddier . you can read the earlier posts to find out . except in practice things are a lot muddier . that's only true in theory = word semantics . which is an absolute black & white position to have because you base it on semantics instead of nuanced discussion like some posts before ( tropes , pifanjr , me ) how does it not entail that ? supremacy is a specific political movement , superiority / inferiority are the words that you are looking for in this semantic ( yet again ) argument . all these require that you feel your culture is threatened to become inferior by external influence . you actively want your country to be fully white , therefore you expect that non-white will corrupt ... why would you feel the need to be only-white ? exactly the semantics you mean ? : tongue : and yea , i agree , all the alt-rights talk about is such things , if someone doesn't see it and supports them thinking they don't ... well that's kinda delusional it's not a matter of semantics of the word supremacy , it's the whole term in itself , as ae1905 pointed out i like your post , but i'd like to add to it . my country is more than 90 % my ethnicity and there are definitely feelings of superiority among the population , there always have been . there's a lot of ... of course they are the same essentially . it's like , if their dream came true and the us became a white nation exclusively they wouldn't try to dominate the rest of the world for their own gain , ... it had lots do to , for example with amine's denial and after all we are in a shitposting thread , judging by the op i didn't meant it as ' hard evidence ' , just a pointer . these anti-semitic loons are far from some , they probably make up a pretty big chunk of the alt right supporters , if you spend some time in their media outlets you'll see for yourself ( i linked an ... supremacy doesn't equate to expansion , it means a belief that you are superior in every way and therefore should be dominant , whether you choose to expand or not may depend on other factors . spencer ... white supremacy is part of white nationalism , they are interconnected and essentially lead to the same path . it's not like comparing conservatives to the far-right , white nationalism and supremacy ... so be it . 714282 http://www.independent.co.uk/voices/alt-right-neo-nazi-donald-trump-hitler-memes-pepe-the-frog-ubermensch-based-stickman-a7938911.html the sites of those who define ... how is it a distinct set of views when even their name was coined by richard spencer , a white supremacist ? what does the alt-right believe in that makes it so distinct it wouldn't relate to the rest ... ( i know ) you already used two known words to describe what kekistan and cuckistan are so it's obvious that it's unnecessary to use these new words . the term alt-right is unnecessary either , we all know it was ... expressing emotion is of course healthy , bottling up powerful emotions such as loss and pain is not good . you are using one extreme to defend the other . suicide in men and their denial of seeking ... '