' i'm always down for some mischief if someone enables me . otherwise , rationality points to don't bother . not worth it . senshu_ben_gone : i believe she does enjoy my true-blue personality . i'm just not quite sure how her perceptions would change knowing i'm an occasional shut-in . nightstorm : yeah , i've read about ... to seduce me ( sexually i'm supposing ) , you'd first have to be attractive to me--physically , intellectually , whatever . with that established , it's really pretty easy : 1 ) take the wheel . i overthink ... hey all . i'm facing a particularly stressful dilemma at the moment , and any insight and advice from you infjs would be of enormous help . i'm a compulsive liar ( intp , for your curiosity ) and have ... age 6 . first grade . there was this girl , adrianne , who had the cutest rabbit-looking face and some nice stems . i would only think about her when i sat next to her in class . otherwise , i was more ... funky driving-to-work jam : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WAc8HADx17w - movies have the power to make me tear up on occasion , e . g . , toy story . - i love to get physical , i . e . , surfing , playing basketball , partaking in manual labor . - i dedicate a decent amount of time ... two things made me burst at the seams today : 1 ) i was talking with some coworkers about the janitors in our building , and one coworker corrected me , saying that i was being insensitive in using ... manly = 007 007 = sean connery sean connery = hairy hairy = me me = sexy , manly man just flawless , airtight logic for ya . kudos to even agreeing to hold the baby in the first place . i can't help but think of all the things that may go wrong if i tried . it's a risk i really don't have to take . i'm more than satisfied ... checks clock . 5:06 am . great scott , she's on to something . well , earlier tonight you would've found an intp guy standing off to the side while his friends and some cute strangers shared small talk . i enjoyed sauntering aimlessly through my neighborhood when having a cigarette until i realized how dubious i may appear , a scruffy 20 - something-year-old wandering about these suburban sidewalks . now ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NbbuZpHDYgk i disappear all the time . i've lost a lot of friends because of it , but i appreciate those that have stuck around despite it . most of the time it's nothing personal . i simply need my space , however ... well , since i have a job now , you'd find me at work . doing content writing with some headphones on . at 12:30 pm , you can catch me at the local mexican joint , eating a torta . i was driving home from vegas with a couple of friends , and we were bored enough that we began sharing each of our personal favorite aphorisms . i was rummaging through the mess of information in my ... i stumbled upon some particularly enlightening insight yesterday thanks to a fellow perc user dalton.thompson : source : ... lately , i've been neglecting my appearance . i'm currently unemployed and can't purchase any new threads , so i've been wearing some very tired-looking clothing that i've had for more than six years ... 1 . ) 40 year old living in their parents basement 24 , living with my parents . 2 . ) 40 year old virgin 24 , got some . 3 . ) socially deprived http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WQlImg2bm28 some sunshine for those grey-skied winter days . there's something about mary . all the time ! when you happen to reunite with an old flame and within moments you're sharing your gripes about institutionalized religion . i clearly have no game . haha . but seriously . nowadays ? home . or throwing my mx - 5 around because i just got new tires . 87822 i wish i was the girl . then , i'd have nice things . you know you're an intp if you have to dig through years of memories to recall an emotional moment . fortunately , i found one : my little cousin tiff is going through a pretty rough childhood . she's ... laid-back , catchy hook , crispy and well-composed : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ei2gXl203w my cousin owes me money . i've reminded him plenty of times , being firmer each subsequent time . i know he has the money . now i can't help but view him as some kind of bathroom mold . one , you're ... amazon.com : final fantasy x | x - 2 hd remaster limited edition - playstation 3 : video games woohoo ! besides ff7 , this is my favorite of the bunch . when i was at peak stonerdom , i did pay attention to the strains i smoked , e . g . , sativa versus indica , headband versus green crack , etc . there certainly is a noticeable high between the two . but , as ... i used to blaze all the time in late high school and throughout college . definitely had some great conversations with some great people during that chapter of my life . movies like 2001 : a space ... planned to surf today . since i live about 30 minutes from the beach , i usually check the surf cams before driving over to make sure the conditions are optimum . i checked the cams at about 10 am . not ... i commend your honesty . i've driven quite a ways with some friends to visit some of our favorite breweries . and we did it because we like beer . plus , we were entertaining the idea of starting our own brewery . i don't ... : a gif for all mankind . ( don't worry . i already punched myself for you . ) this is exactly where i am at the moment in my mid-twenties . at times , my fe brings rise to these ... rosebud . : nice . her latest lp's been on my rotation for the past week . as for what is playing now : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NEpfVrKWj4M just hitting the spot right now . i share the same sentiments . i just came back home to la ( southeast of the county ) after living in sydney for a year . the air in la is very smoggy . i remember reading some article citing research ... 7.5 / 10 for the avatar . 10/10 for the sig . to write and complete a novel that i'm completely satisfied with ( thematically , stylistically , etc . ) . to write the simpsons back to its former glory . to once again have the reckless abandon of ... i do certainly get exhausted from overanalyzing . i tend to preempt the scenario with bourbon . puts me right out . i'd take up smoking again . mmm ... flavor country ( and death ) , here i come ! as one of the previous users said , it comes down to practice . personally , i've come to learn that social interaction is indeed a skill that can be learned by us intps . i know this because i literally ... from the information i've gathered , i say the direct cause of the shutdown ( or slim down as fox news masterfully manipulates ) goes to those 40 or 50 so house republicans . it's in their hands to ... this thread will get nowhere if there isn't a common definition of a hipster . for all i know , i may have just been wading in a sea of intps at coachella 2011 . if you aren't looking for a particular type , the choice of topics are endless . i've never speed dated before but i'm sure i'd talk politics or religion . this considered , i'm sure i'd also have to ... haha . order of operations . pretty spot-on for myself as well . as a seventh rule , i must add that i do my best to avoid wearing anything with any type of logo or image , the exception being my band ... personally , job hunting isn't so bad . i just have issues actually setting aside time to do it when i could be , you know , not doing it . i believe i am a pretty weathered and nuanced interviewee . at ... reading in front of my laptop . watching a movie on my couch . playing gta v on the other side of the couch where the cushion isn't depressed from watching that movie . starbucks in front of my ... '