most people probably wouldn't think of an istj as somebody who would be working with toddlers in a child care center . okay , i'm an istj that works in a child care setting . ( montessori school toddler room ) yeah , i know . surprising huh ? anyway , i have a bit of trouble working with people sometimes . i work okay with ... kiss : entp marry : esfj bed : infp intp , istj and isfj kiss - istp marry - esfp bed - isfp istj , intj and isfj little house on the prairie infp - laura ingalls estp - nellie oleson istp - nancy oleson esfj - albert ingalls isfj - caroline ingalls enfj - rose wilder infj - carrie ingalls enfp - charles oleson intj - snow plows entj - garage sales isfp - camping esfp - scarves intp - falling leaves entp - christmas parties esfj - swimming isfj - gift giving istj - walks estj - skiing yeah , i just saw that after . that's quite interesting . lots of in's . i don't know too many infp's and the one i do know is nice but we're both really quiet and i find it a bit awkward to talk to him but we're both really introverted as well . gender : female age : 21-31 intelligence : superior openness : conservative mbti personality profile : isfp closest alternative we found : istp istp would be the closest guess that was actually ... which type is the most active type that's usually on the forum ? i'm an istj but i've heard that we're not that active on these forums compared to a lot of other people . do any istj's out there feel like you are in a job that doesn't fit your personality type ? such as thinkers in predominantly feeler jobs ? do you find it hard to act differently for your job ? if you're thinking about stereotypical beautiful as in victoria secret runway model , i think a lot of enfp's tend to be really good looking . obviously there are other beautiful people with different ... i really struggled with math , gym , instrumental music and certain fields of sciences . pus i was extremely shy . it kind of sucks because a lot of istj type jobs have to do with math and being somewhat ... well enfp's are supposed to be the type that clash the most with my type since we're complete opposites . my best friend is an enfp so it's hard to say . i'm having issues with one of my co-workers ... i dated an intj once . i fell really hard for him but it didn't work out . i loved his intelligence and he taught me a lot about life but the relationship turned out to be quite manipulative and we ... on a long flight i usually make up a schedule beforehand and try to stick to some kind of routine to avoid too much jet lag . i'll literally make up a schedule on when i'm going to read , watch ... thank you ! i think this is a good idea and it will probably work if i use my words properly . i just have to be sure that i'm not making her feel criticized or micro managed in anyway . i think i can ... i'm still always searching and i feel like that all of the time honestly . it doesn't hep that i have pretty bad social phobia , depression , anxiety and learning disabilities . i'm in a job that i ... i'm an istj working with an enfp . yes , i work in child care and it's at a montessori school so you know automatically the enfp will probably get the upper hand at this . she started a few months after ... i'm an istj working with an enfp . yes , i work in child care and it's at a montessori school so you know automatically the enfp will probably get the upper hand at this . she started a few months ... birth water safari map paste my dad's an intp and he can't stand any heavy metal or basically anything that's anti-christian . i don't get motion sickness a lot but i have had it a few times when i was younger for reading too long in the car on family road trips . i'm an istj . my brother always used to get car sick and he's ... i know it doesn't automatically mean you'll have commitment issues . i just meant being an entp just seems to be more likely to have that issue . thanks for the tip , i'll search through the threads . laptop http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6VJBBUqr1wM http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6VJBBUqr1wM http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6VJBBUqr1wM i can usually guess someone's type fairly easily now but i used to have trouble in the beginning . i just became obsessed with the whole myers brigg thing and i just became a pro at it . i have to ... music how is it weird ? i'm trying to get tips for someone i like who is an entp . i'm guessing he does have commitment issues , he even said he did when i first met him but the more that we get to know each ... what are some tips to win over an entp male ? i'm an istj female who is really trying to understand on how my date thinks . i'm trying not to smother him . that's what i've seen from quite a few male entp's . yeah , i knew it was going to be in the new dsm for 2013 . - you suck at math - your bedroom is a disaster zone but your work space is neat and organized - you've broken a few laws before actually i have very mild asperger's syndrome . i'm very high functioning though . - you make lists - you organize everything - you can hyper focus on things that interest you for hours - you're detail oriented - you're loyal - you value your privacy - you have a hard time showing ... they tend to have major commitment issues . : frustrating : i like the fact that you can make something fun out of nowhere . in a way that has to do with my social anxiety i'd rather walk into a loud , unscheduled setting than a quiet , scheduled setting where ... i hate math and i really do suck at it and i'm a judger . i'm also an istj and istj's are supposed to be good in math . i do have dyscalculia and central auditory processing disorder though .