' nightglow , i can't even imagine what you must be struggling with right now . is your dad reasonable ? does he get that you are different people , or does he think everyone should be stoic and ... pretty much this ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dd2e04M-xxg my friend has been suggesting happy endings but i haven't gotten into it yet . i've only watched like the first minute a few times when the dvr captures it , but it hasn't made me go i have to watch ... rickybobby haha , i'll have to ask her if she ever does that ! she laughs in front of me too , but just sometimes i'm like , shouldn't she find this funnier but it's probably just because we have such ... this sounds a lot like my wife who is esfj . she loves a lot of those same shows : the office , 30 rock , modern family , flight of the conchords , also up all night and community . she doesn't really ... infpblog : thank you ! exactly this . i don't love or hate facebook . it's great for keeping in touch with friends that have moved away , and my family is always annoying me to put more pictures of ... haha , thanks ! i do have a brother but he is very different from me . people we hung out with were often surprised to find that we were brothers since we don't even look alike . unfortunately i'm a ... i love it ! my name is a play off of both douglas adams and myself . in so long and thanks for all the fish there is a character named wonko the sane who builds the asylum to house all the crazy people in the ... 1 . what was your first reaction when you met your spouse ? love at first sight ? bad impression ? just another classmate / co-worker ? my wife and i are high school sweethearts ( awww ... yeah yeah ) . we ... hey all , i'm pretty interested in this . i love writing but i do very very little of it . my friends and i used to get together and write but that was years ago . i feel that my goal in life is to be ... yes , that's pretty much me too . i actually try to cry sometimes when i feel a big swell of emotion , but it never comes out . i often get all goosebumply when overwhelmed with emotion , but i rarely ... the last time i cried was probably when i was about six and my brother and i were playfighting and he accidentally punched one of my baby teeth out ; it wasn't too bad until i saw all the blood .  ... dear god - sarah mclachlan http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=36T7ELkI-0E yes , i prefer typing , but even that can't keep up , haha . my friends and i used to write stories together , and i had to train myself to print because most of them could not read my handwriting . people used to complain about the handwriting of one of our ... i see , you're describing more the destination , not the journey . we don't like the way people pretend to be something they are not ( so noone really knows who they truly are ) and yet we don't show ... i really like the way you put this ! to some extent i could describe myself as emotional based on your description . i definitely am very sensitive to people's emotional states . as with many infps ... i think i might actually have to disagree with this . i really like the way anyotherday put it . because it's not a matter of purposefully hiding or purposefully faking , it's just being ourselves . ... http://www.mms.com/us/images/product_pretzelmms.png ok , but i just had to check and confirm that i'm not crazy , haha . i bought a blue bag of m & ms but they were pretzel , and to be honest , not that ... i'm probably still not getting this even after what you just wrote , but when i first read the title i just thought you meant the basic mature vs immature type situation ... for example : i had a ... wow , that's me exactly but i couldn't have said it any better . i told my enfp mother that before : you know , i have a different personality / sense of humour around you than i do around dad . i show ... my wife is and esfj , we balance each other nicely . my mother is an enfp , i'm pretty much her personal shrink , haha . my best friend is an infj , we get each other so much and can discuss all ... i understand this completely . i was actually about to start a thread asking something similar . it seems a lot of people on here mention the sterotype of infps being emos or drama queens or the ... i thought they were pretzel m & ms , but that bag doesn't say that at all . i've only bought them once , and that was in the united states . they were pretty good , but i much prefer the peanut butter ... haha , seriously , i just read your message , then looked over at your name and once again i just sort of drifted off thinking about all the things it could mean . to be honest it's been so long ... ^ - - haha ! a bacon wrapped date ! yummm ! is your relationship with her father pretty good ? as in , can you flat out say to him i know how much she loves these books and it just didn't feel right keeping them from her . i know it's best ... haha , i love this forum ! it's so funny to talk to other infps and realise there are other people like me . i remember posting a picture on facebook with three of my long time friends . i put in the ... hey , first off , i love your name ! it seems like it should be sad , except it's so happy , and soo ... * head asplode * . but seriously , it's beautiful and it makes my mind drift off in thought puzzling ... + 1 haha , i was a vegetarian for about 10 years ( i call myself a non-practicing vegetarian now ... cue guilt ) . this is exactly how i acted . i let people know that i didn't eat meat if it was ... haha , i'm pretty sure i know exactly what you mean . when i used to say best friend i really just meant one of the friends which is closest to me . although i must admit the person to whom i now ... that was an awesome description . i'm running late ( haha , i'm so infp ) so i wont read all the comments right now , i just had to say thanks for this post ! that whole time continuum thing was cool ... i have had experiences that i don't know if they are psychic or just my highly evolved intution . for example i was at a red light at night on a very quiet street ( it was a four lane main street , ... hey traum , my bf is also infj . i've noticed that trend on here . i also notice on the infp forum that the most common type posting on there ( other than infp ) is infj . i think they love us and ... last year i joined a running group . before it started i was thinking what the hell did you just do ? ! ? ! but i knew it was sort of an intermediate course , and i had never run before , so i started ... haha , i love it ! i do this all the time , often about someone i just see walking past me on the street . i think wow , look at her . i can just tell we'd be perfect together because i can tell ... i was terrible at sports in high school ( i loved gym class but only took it in grade 9 and 10 - too many interesting social science classes to take so i had to skip gym ) . i always got a + effort ... well isn't this a fun little thread , haha . we're discussing religion and there don't seem to be too many backs going up ( i kinda skipped some of the middle pages and might have missed a couple ... good question , but for me a tough one . i think people who know me really well could answer this question about me better than maybe i could . i think my values are so ingrained that i don't ... oh , and i do like fantasy , i just haven't read as much . i did recently read the entire sword of truth series ( after watching the show ) , and i quite like that . + 1 ! i love science fiction . sometimes i have to force myself to branch out because it's pretty much all i read . my favourite authors are douglas adams , richard morgan , and robert j . sawyer . ... thanks for saying no offense before calling my point of view garbage ; it really lessened the blow . i haven't read that book , just wiki'd it real quick like , but i don't know that it would cause me ... this describes my behaviour exactly . i have no problem not contacting someone for weeks / months / years , even someone i would consider one of my best friends , and then reconnect with them like no time ... hey , my friend is currently reading the field and greatly enjoys it . he bought it because she writes the introduction to a new ( ish ) edition of the holographic universe . i just finished the ... i like jeans and either a nice fitting atheletic tee or a clever or cool looking tee ( a la threadless ) . my wife tells me all the time that what i'm wearing doesn't match . she doesn't care or try ... when you are reading out loud ( to your class for example ) and you start faltering mid-paragraph because you are suddenly marvelling over the fact that all these little stick shapes ( i . e ... '