' i think most people are just afraid , afraid of the unkown so they use god as a crutch , and some kind of security in there lives . it seems to me that most god fearing people are the biggest hipocrites ... i dont think its a type of controll when your lucid . i believe its just more self awearness . the fact of the matter is , when you practice lucid dreaming , it gives you more controll of your ... thats awsome ! im always glad to learn somthing new . go ahead and post more info when you get the chance ... go to unexplainable store.com my theory is , you sleep enough when your dead . so lets live our lives as much as we can , but when asleep , continue living and progressing ... binaural is just the alpha and theta frequencies , the third is actually already inside your brain . and no , i didnt know that the army evan used remote viewing ... ya , well , i own the movie and when i watch it , i always get somthing new out of it every time . i can relate with you on the sleeping disorder thing . its hard for me to sleep at night , so i usually ... i can appreciate the way you explain your idea , after all thats what im pretty much doing as well . thank you for your comments , check out my other thred called religion is the root of all evil when ... if anyone is serious about exploring the next level to fuher inhance your brain capeabilities , you should definately check out a site called the unexplainable store .. they have a system of ... in astral projection the conscious mind leaves the physical body and moves into the astral body . the astral body is one of our subtle bodies . some people can astral project naturally . others ... how to control your lucid dreams getting past the limitations of our minds now just because you become lucid in your dream does not mean that you are going to be able to have complete control ... i have always wanted to fly ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b6lBxtqOIiM http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nkLow_pkmPE http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TxAz9hHfhzE http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dek5BXusvPE thanks ! im trying to seperate god / gods from religion . check out my other threds religion is the root of all evil why im not a christian how to find truth how to stay lucid raising your level of lucidity and staying lucid longer when you first start having lucid dreams you may realize that they only last a few seconds before you lose lucidity ... levels of lucidity there are many different levels of lucidity in a dream . just because you became aware does not mean that you are going to be able to have complete control over your dream . once ... chichentza , mexico colosseum , italy tajmahal , india great wall of china the acropolis , greece alhambra , spain angkor , cambodia statues of easter , chile kiyomizu temple , japan kremlin st . , ... ya , i can relate with the few hours of sleep , im no pro or anything , and its taken me years to get to where im at with it and im constatly learning new things about it . try and try again is the name ... its a geat experience , and i think every one should a least give it a few tries ... every one interested in lucid dreaming should watch waking life by director and writer : richard linklater . about a man who gets trapped in a lucid dream . the film touches on various philosophical ... so now that you know what lucid dreaming is all about it's time to learn how to have them . it does take some practice and persistence but if you keep at it then you should be able to have lucid ... a lucid dream is when a dreamer becomes consciously aware that they are dreaming while the dream is still taking place . when you have a lucid dream it transforms the dream from nothing more than a ... for ps2 rpgs : legand of dragoon chrono cross / chrono trigger kigdom hearts , 1 and 2 all ffs ! draken guard ... you took the words right out of my mouth ! thank you ! i can agree with you for the most part . the bible is a great book of guidlines and stories for people who are interesred in that kind of thing . in fact the bible has been the number 1 selling book ... im trying to separate religion from god , they are two different things to me ... how about the general ? i would have to go with is ... check out my other thred , free will fact or fallacy ... why are people religious ? “ he who passively accepts evil is as much involved in it as he who helps to perpetrate it . he who accepts evil without protesting against it is really cooperating with ... ya thats a pretty bitch n site , a ran into it a few weeks ago as well ... sorry , i currently live in california ... kool ! appretiate the info , ill look into it ! how i went from christian to anti-religious x93religion is regarded by the common people as true , by the wise as false , and by the rulers as useful . x94 - seneca all my life growing up i was ... a friend and i came up with it about a year ago ... do you know what exactly god is ? god is consciousness that pervades the entire universe of the living and the non-living . - ramakrishna the age-old question of whether or not god exists is ... yes i have , but i really cant express in words what these few brave soals have all ready done , so i leave it to them to make my point ... i tryed to post a video , i didnt work ... watch this video ! its worth the 9 minutes from your life ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BNf-P_5u_Hw i wanted to talk and relate to other people around the world ... maybe meet some great thinking minds along the way ... that game trailor just gave me an orgasum ! no lie , cant waite to play it ! final fantasy lovers ! ! ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=anXcT4KLhk8 sounds brutal , but thats always fun ! i definately want to get the new resident evil game , but money seems to be short now-a-days ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=crfrKqFp0Zg http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=crfrKqFp0Zg are there any gamers in hear other than myself ? i havnt come across any other threds like this or evan a place to post them , so i figure this is as good as any to get it started ... well ill have ... grave of the fireflies ? ? ? well im glad to see a new face around other than myself ! hope you enjoy your stay and get to know as many people you can , cuz were all beautiful minds here at the cafe ... i havent seen any of the three movies you posted , but i heard that my bloody valintine was awsome ... never heard of the boat that rocked ... whats it about ? in a nut shell ... donnie darko is amazing ! i would recomend it to everyone you thinks about astrial projection and time travel ... almost famous is a great movie , have yoe ever seen rock star with mark walberg ? zack braff is an amazing actor , hes in another movie called the last kiss , you should deffinately check it ... matrix dead poet society waking life tomato juice take off that noose here we are a beginning to our end just a little puddle , the salt will you lend ? to make long tales brief , in this world that we live . i'm in live with some ... what is the purpose of life in christianity for i know the plans i have for you , plans to prosper you and not to harm you , plans to give you a hope and a future . - jeremiah 29:11 the first ... ok i understand where your coming from , but thats realy not what we're shoot n for anyway . but thank you for your info on elvis , it might come in handy some day ... '