' ideally , i shouldn't use the word god , i should use the words higher power to describe all the metaphysical projections that religion can come up with . the point i am trying to make clear ( as i ... thanks for the links ; i'm glad you see what i am saying . just a minor comment here ( and too tired to go into more detail tonight ) , i would also say that if you consider atheism to only include ... first , i should start by saying you can't take a physical law of the universe ( i'm talking newton's 3rd ) and apply it to the theoretical interactions we have among society without showing some ... first , i'd first set aside a large portion for investments and hire someone to manage it . then , breaking it down , i would buy : - several expensive houses around the world . each house would be fully ... thanks , i'll check it out while i wait to see if he replies . no , i'm not pairing science with atheism at all . using what is called the scientific method is nothing more than a label for ... yeah because you aren't intp i was hoping none of my posts offended you . :P anyway , as for the evidence , i can already see this going in a direction i am trying to show you is the wrong approach , ... thanks for hitting these points . i thought very similarly when i read the original posts and forgot to include these counterpoints . i apparently do not know what that conclusion does require ... to be fair , try explaining cause and effect to particle physics , where everything is random events . :P also , are you saying you are an athiest and a mystic-force-ist ? i'm then forced to ask how ... well , lets break it all down . what evidence is there for karma ? are we able to experimentally test and verify it , or is it rather more likely a consequence of humans drawing patterns to certain ... to those who claim to be both atheist and buddhist , i don't understand how you can believe ( key word ; implies no evidence ) in mystic forces such as karma and the realms of rebirth and not realize ... most of the intps i know are atheist . myself included . ill just start listing them from a quick google search : - the exorcist - the blair witch project - the ring - the grudge - dawn of the dead - saw ( 1 and 2 ) - hostel - paranormal activity ( 1 and 2 ) i appreciate almost every genre of movie ( except horror , its laughably pathetic ) . its tough for me to give a top 3 because each movie delivers something different to the table , so i'll just list ... you are using your mbti typing as an excuse . you also seem to be quite arrogant . these descriptions aren't concrete for ( most ) people ; everyone is capable of performing all other functions . if you ... i think its a misconception that nt types are scary . personally , i believe non-nts are just unenlightened ; they fail to miss the bigger picture sometimes . they can't stand up to debate while they ... is that so bad though ? our foundations need a little shaking from time to time . rationally , improving on your core values is a good thing , no ? also , with you being enfj , i'm sure you can handle any ... that would imply a higher power controlling fate , which i'm forced to deny at this point in time . :P i can agree that it is a shame , haha . beautiful at the same time , though . read the first quote in my signature . it's a state of mind , not a mood . i can be happy and realize the truth of things , you know ! :P well i guess i'll break it down and respond to chunks at a time : to me , faith in these higher dimensional beings with no evidence constitutes for the same logical scrutiny that putting faith ... your idea is all fine and dandy here ( as just an idea ) , but i'm forced to ask how you convinced yourself of your belief ? why the leap of faith ? ( this is a challenge to all non-athiest / agnostics ) ... http://pbfcomics.com/archive_b/PBF067-Better_Luck.gif this . in my experience , i use it to express my si / ne more than my ti . you hit the nail on the head though . quite simply : no . i would go so far as to say that no one should believe so either . there is not any credible evidence to support such a claim , so to be honest , it is logically foolish to believe ... it probably all depends on where you live . i know down south people tend to enjoy mild winters over the scorching summers , but up north it is ( naturally ) quite the opposite . i like to think the ... things that inspire me : - observing the night sky - losing myself in nature - pondering the grand complexity of the universe ( macro and micro ) - observing majestic scenery - visiting ancient ... amusingly , i'm the first male to post here so far . :P something about string theory ... hmmm strange , i know . there are many awesome ones , but i believe that most people on this forum will find this one particularly interesting : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UyyjU8fzEYU ahhh , the sound of technology ! www.youtube.com/watch?v=ihw1ho8l7v8 in high school i memorized 300 digits of pi ( after the decimal ) . 5 years later i can still recite around 150 . it may be a useless holiday ( but hey , i'd argue that christmas is too ) , but even still ... being independent is perfectly okay . your life is what you want to make it . weakness is relative : to some , what you call depending on others as being weak , they would call a strong , intelligent ... are you saying t's aren't interesting ? ! ? i'm honestly surprised no one here has quoted carl sagan . because the cosmos is also within us . we're made of star-stuff . we are a way for the cosmos to know itself .  ... it's much easier to accept the fact that you're seemingly different and choose a lifestyle / friends that make you comfortable / embrace that quality . life is too short to worry about these trivial ... amusingly here , you are focusing on the details . :P seriously though , if you reread that section , it says the intp seems precise at first , until you realize that the intp is focusing on the big ... this thread is hilarious to me ; it seems like a lot of you have social anxiety . very rarely do social rituals stress me out ( and that is typically when when i have other things more important to ... disclaimer : i'm not trying to derail this thread into a pro / anti religious topic . if you want to debate , feel free to pm me or pick it up in another thread . to be honest , i think a lot of ... start trying to answer some of the unanswered questions . its fun . i've taken several chemistry classes , in both high school and college . i enjoy it almost as much as astronomy / astrophysics . it boggles my mind how an intp wouldn't take interest in it ( it ties in so ... my best friend is an enfj . we have known each other for a long time and get along extremely well . he knows that oftentimes i will talk about things in a pessimistic and condescending tone ... i would have just left it alone when she clearly wasn't interested the first time . furthermore , she has already expressed that she doesn't want to be friends with you . the hard truth is this that ... ive noticed those traits in esfj , esfp , and enfps . i'm sure there are others . i'm also sure that not everyone in those types can be stereotyped into what you described . in my early life i was a full blown christian ( methodist ) . i believed in and carried out the extent of god's word . i have since turned from that lifestyle . there are too many inconsistencies , ... ah , but its slightly different than that . if england and france are at war , but spain comes in and blows england to tiny bits , france can claim victory . however , the credit goes to spain . by the ... touché . i credit downsowf . you can't say that was intentional . :P just for clarification , i meant my post , not your quote . i laughed though nonetheless . well i'm glad it works out for you both ! just curiously , and i'm not sure if you can answer this , but do you think you could say that if you weren't aware of mbti typing that you would be as ... for starters , your first post is vague . how is this a discussion related to the intp forum ? doesn't this belong in the general forum ? after all , it is there for threads exactly like these . do i ... honestly , the thing i most enjoy about valentine's day is the the fact that people get bent out of shape about it . who cares ? you realize this thread accomplishes nothing , right ? :P if you've taken physics courses in high school , thats a pretty good indication of what to expect initially . it gets much more challenging the higher you advance ( at least for most people ) . a word of ... '