' so much this . not to over quote you but you've posted some good stuff in this thread . i could easily be a cold-minded calculator but could never be an admin / mod because i dislike people who seek power of any ... i completely agree the balance is tricky . i always think people will appreciate honestly even if it's negative feed back or a plain go fuck yourself ( which earned me my first and only infraction ) ... blue ribbon is the most perfect girl ( for me ) that i've ever met in my life and i love her more than i can describe here . i don't want to sound too corny but it's all true . this game should just be named lose ! in this case . without the prisoners explicit permission this would be so highly immoral that the people who are conducting these experiments are the ones who should be on death row for doing it . these people are ... i like this response so much because i think around 95 % is spot on . i only disagree that you need to develop fe to read people correctly . my whole life revolves around people and i purposely use fe ... i wasn't implying that . obviously someone with severe brain damage could even lack free will . but in a fully functioning brain , like with asperger's , one's free will can and does affect the structure ... only if they're irrational . lol . promiscuous sex with a girl with no rational values is far from a reward regardless of how beautiful she is . no they aren't . this is just purely wrong . humans develop a personality in their early youth for a myriad of reasons and those personalities are constantly changing most of the time slowly and ... yes . they are worse because they are actually violating the rights of another via initiation of force , while the promoter of genocide , no matter how evil their ideas are right then , are not yet ... women are attracted to a confident man that knows and shows his worth . it's really that simple . a girl that is attracted simply to others that are popular aren't worth anyone's time no matter how ... the bold is false . humans possess free will . people with asperger's are humans . therefore , people with asperger's possess free will . a volitional conscious mind can't be programmed . good bye . :d ry : eww . fe must be squashed out of existence . it's the absolute worst function . i could go on and on about this but i won't . although the most accurate phrase for my politics is radical for capitalism , if people want to use the left-right terminology then i am part of the liberal right . regardless of your political ... yeah i always wonder where they are getting all the leftist nonsense from you see here . from what i can tell they must be passively absorbing their values from others as even the simplest analysis ... i'd have to disagree as i rarely to never see most people say anything i'd remotely consider to be intellectual on these forums . really ? took me like 5 minutes to do . your personality type is : intp preference clarity categories : ( slight , moderate , clear , very clear ) very clear introversion : 21/21 clear intuition : 23/26 very clear thinking : 23/24 clear ... of course personality changes . we aren't born as deterministic robots , nor do our lives develop that way . we are born tabula rasa . a developed preference for cognitive style that develops over time ... not a gif but this is close to what us resistor's of fe represent . https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/70/a3/05/70a3050fe611ca5e0029bcb5907698b0.jpg ear's are a weird place to put muffs for sure . naw . we need a gif where everyone else is acting or pretending in every action they take in their live's because they think that's what everyone else wants them to do . while the people with no or low ... no . a baseball cap is more or less a fashion accessory ; it doesn't keep your ears warm . it's the result of an evil morality : altruism . unfortunately yes . the majority of people believe in the above evil morality , and it leaks everywhere these days . way to prevalent . as a ... check your premises because one ( hint : the bolded ) is wrong , and leads you to an incorrect conclusion . individually , intelligence when used correctly , i . e . , when reason is consistently applied , is a ... people don't lack functions . they just naturally fall into a pattern of using some more than others . this is also the reason why personality types are not static . i'd say figurative in general . but , i'd like to throw out there that throwing out your own assumption of what is most likely of intp's in the op is likely to skew the results of the poll . i picked no way , blah , blah blah but would dress up if i were going to some type of party . i'm not completely opposed to the idea but would only do it under the right circumstances . witch of bitch switch would be a + fwiw what knowledge are you trying to gain by polling other intp's on this issue ? either these actions are too much for you and you should break it off or else they aren't . here's a more accurate ... i woke up and screamed fuck the world . hi there from a fellow intp . hope to see you around on the forums . are intp subforum is probably a good place to start unless you see something that interest you elsewhere . it depends . right now i don't want to elaborate but i think that answer is rather obvious anyways . i'm definitely an intp and not an infp although i always score extremely high in fi , which i believe if pretty rare for an intp . i think this happens because these tests are set up on a false ... when in doubt just eat pizza ash ! this is how real romantic love is supposed to be . if you think there is something wrong with it , then there is a chance that you aren't really worthy of it , but he doesn't realize that fact yet . right or wrong is determined by the nature of reality . people can and do have opinions but which they are can only be determined in relation to that . free stanford physics series , from the basics to string theory : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pyX8kQ-JzHI&list=PLQrxduI9Pds1fm91Dmn8x1lo-O_kpZGk8 both conservatives and liberals are altruists and statists , one mystical the other social . there is no fundamental difference between the two and they are both wrong . nope you can't do proper science without a proper philosophical underpinning . science depends on philosophy not vice-versa . or else the conclusions you will come to will often be wrong . i . e . , things ... there's most certainly a such thing as philosophical error's . if you really want me to unravel your error's until we get to the issue at hand regarding oil you'll have to agree to a few things . 1 ) ... le sigh . i can't get you to accept that higher level abstraction is wrong without knowing exactly where you are making mistakes in knowledge or philosophy that are the lower level concepts that the ... the above is what i mean i'm not going to cut through hundreds or thousands of completely irrational thoughts and premises such as truth does not exist that must exist in a person's mind to make a ... absolute nonsense . do you realize that the bolded statement would also apply to the bolded statement ? how can it be true that there is no truth if there is no truth ? how could you assert that as a ... i'm not going to debate when i know without doubt somebody is wrong . the fundamental premises they have accepted to get to that point are not worth all the time i'd have to invest to help correct ... ugly hunt for oil lmao it is heroic . https://www.theobjectivestandard.com/2007/08/exploit-the-earth-or-die/ i generally don't care enough to know the answer to this question . '