leaves fall to earth in a graceful way , bending and breaking underneath the wind's sway . you look towards your left but a bitter thought befalls your right . the way has fallen towards itself in a ... i think that this could work really well with a bit more content . if you had 10 questions for each function and then after the questions were answered you asked how quickly they were able to answer ... islandlight eryngo pifanjr louisa thanks for the replies ! i have a bit of an update for you if you're interested . so i decided to go ahead and tell him . i didn't want to make it a ... just another nf that loves sleeping naked . i travel too much to do it though . i've slept on a lot of friends / families couches . that doesn't work well for sleeping naked . i'm not here to flirt but i just found it intriguing that it turned into entjs flirting with each other . and also , as a fellow infp - mytinyheart i am also bad at flirting but rather tend to give ... yep . that's the best thing to do . that way if he is anywhere close to reluctance at all , he can be honest with you . maybe there is a compromise for that too . maybe he moves in with you instead ? that ... okay , so now i have my own question . i've said this in the intp forum more than once so maybe you guys are tired of hearing about it , but here goes anyways ... i have an intp friend who i really ... islandlight i am not an intp , but i thought i might be able to share some advice . communication is one of the most important aspects of a relationship . it seems like you think that he has ... i meant that if you hadn't already cared for him you wouldn't be compelled to care for him . the thought of dying made you recognize that you wanted to spend time with someone who you really cared ... i don't see rationality relating to whether you are a thinker or a feeler . it's something completely separate . logic and sensibility are two different things entirely . while thinkers are good at ... some things in life were never meant to be - like having a pair of working headphones because mine always seem to break so quickly ! i think that the idea of an end to that which we love stands to strengthen our love , but it is not the source of it . had you read that thread before you dated him you wouldn't be compelled to love ... i disagree ... death is inevitable , love is not . if love were stringent on the inevitability of loss then love would be a form of fear . this is not the case . love is the opposite of fear . an ... my guess is that he believes it would be a waste of time / energy for you to train him given that someone else is already trained . it wouldn't be the most logical / efficient thing to be trained in an ... you would be simply enough if you were simply mine . i am the color light blue : http://i.imgur.com/s4qWh5Q.png i don't relate to a lot of the kiersey temperment description actually . i should have read all the way through it better because as an infp myself there is a good bit in there that i don't relate to ... the manner of communication by which we come is a natural sort of thing , flowing in and out of our ever-spinning minds . we cannot control where our thoughts lead us . we can , however , anticipate that ... i disagree ! we need to know - did you get a positive response ? when is it going to happen / if it already did , how was it ? the internet gave you confidence to ask a girl for coffee and now you owe the ... reading this really looks like an infp response to me . i see a lot of ne in there too so i actually think it's more likely that you have really well developed si , and that you're not in an infp loop ... i generally think before i talk although if i'm working through an idea i talking to myself . or even at other people even though i'm not actually talking to them . introverted i take all the time ... based on how you answered the questions i would actually say infp . ( i will go over your answers in another post . ) you could have really well developed si / te or you could be in an infp loop . ( i have ... feel free to skip me i think you misunderstood what i was trying to say . i was saying that it was due to weird circumstances that i had money and no one else did . i was typically the one ... just so you know istjs aren't rule followers . that's just a stereotype . istjs will only follow a rule if it is the most logical thing to do . a lot of times it is simply because breaking rules can ... okay so i have a good friend who is an istj and she likes a enfp . we've talked about her relationship with this guy a lot so i feel like i have some experience here . it seems like he likes you ... ahh that specific quote is from an actual memory regarding pretty weird circumstances . i was in a position where i was the only one with money . ( i was visiting the sailboat i had previously lived on ... okay that's interesting because i know that my tritype is 479 but typically i've felt like the 9 was the least influential of the three . i know i am not 4 dom . 7 is the one i would say influences me ... immolate : no worries ! i have only recently started actively posting . based on your questionnaire i'd type you as 5w4 sp / so being sx blind . mushr 00m i feel like 6 or 5 could fit . ( as either 6w5 or 5w6 ) as for your instinctual variants i'd guess that you are sp dom . hard to tell from the posts of yours that i've read whether you ... you're pretty great at making bad ideas seem like good ones . people i'd have coffee with : roboticforest your posts either make me think or laugh , or both . i love your sense of humor and you just seem like a cool person that i'd get along with .  ... i wrote this a one few weeks ago when i was a little bit tipsy . i guess the more alcohol i have the more i rhyme lady lovely following trends . freely flowing , floating , spins . trapeze art falling ... brightflashes my first impression of you was that you were a very healthy infp with developed te . i thought you were sweet , considerate and positive . you seemed like a knowledgeable and kind ... bb thanks ! this was really helpful ! i've always thought that i was introverted but so many people have tried to tell me i'm extroverted . i am also enneagram 7 which is often described as extroverted ... so i'm an infp with an intp best friend ( who i may or may not have feelings for ... ) here is my experience : they've got inferior fe . if their fe is really well developed then they can be great ... 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... i never knew how clumsy i was until i fell in love . surely it should be harder than this . i have experience not being invited to an immediate family member's wedding and it sucks . maybe have some sort of compromise ? you could have a small backyard wedding with your immediate families ... here's a painting that i did : http://i.imgur.com/zGLPZTq.jpg the best way would be through cognitive functions as they use opposite functions . intp - ti , ne , si , fe intj - ni , te , fi , se so the easiest way would be to figure out if they use introverted ... i've been there . it's sucks , but it's not a place that you have to stay . it feels like there is no way out - like dying is the only way to solve your problems . the thing is though , you don't know the ... i never really get upset by failing . i just recognize that i am doing something wrong and try to figure out in what ways i am wrong . i like to read instructions and reread instructions so if i am ... as an intp you don't use fi and your fe is your inferior trait so it makes sense that you wouldn't naturally personify things . when an object evokes a certain feeling in us , we fi's tend to personify ... grief is a necessary part of moving on from our hurts , but it can be a tricky road to navigate . whenever i need to grieve i start by setting aside a scheduled time to cry . for me this is necessary ... now i want to meet your friend ! i don't know what it would be like to meet someone who thought so similarly to me . all of my life i have resigned myself to the fact that the way my brain works is ... i mean not only did i take the mbti instrument with a certified professional , but i also answered every question as an introvert , had several lectures on what each type was like before i typed myself ... actually one of the biggest differences between the 4 and 7 is that the 7 craves a physical high whereas the 4 craves an emotional high . in my own case it manifests itself in this way - i have great ... are there any other infps with enneagram type 7 here ? i know we're super uncommon , but i was just wondering if there were any here . if so what is your tritype / wings / instinctual variants ? i am infp ... i admire you for wanting to see and understand our way of thinking rather than being annoyed by how illogical it is . maybe the best way you could see the fi world is through our eyes - through our ... a miracle happened ! i just plugged a usb into the usb port on the first try ! granted this was after i tried to plug it into the headphone jack , but that fact really is irrelevant ...