' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F014bwnnRo0 being an infj and knowing some enfjs , i find it hard to mistype :D enfjs are also insigthful , sensitive , idealize a lot more than infj : s , are loyal and could very well be messy . i don't know what ... for me , it takes two shapes : either too self-critical , lacking self esteem , too mental in the head ni-ti loop , getting more and more disconnected from reality , feeling like nothing matters , apathy ... chip , you seem to demonize male sexual instincts . in general , men are more visual than women . some men are more visual than other , and some women are more visual than other women . then of course ... finland-swedish infj here . i think there is a group , scandinavians on perc or something , but it's not really that active :P might as well form a new one i'm gonna recommend mark manson , his blogs as well his e-book models . really ethical and well thought out stuff - about the only thing in the whole pu community that doesn't rub me the wrong way , ... thought i'd join in after looking through half the thread =) i recently retyped myself from entp to infj . i learned last fall how to smile in pictures :D these pictures are from my exchange ... i hate it when my romantic relationships are in greyzones . i want them as clearly defined as possible in my head , otherwise i feel like i'm in limbo . sexually speaking , dominant .. in general life and romance as well =) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=32udqal_lyQ 76 masculine 56 feminine 55 androgynous male , infj thank you ! :) yeah , i do . filled with melancholia about it right now , in a .. rough spot , i guess you could call it . she is an isfp , the sensing / intuition divide has become more apparent as time has ... i disagree ; batman is best typed as intj . a really good ( imho ) argument for this is presented here : a little bit of personality : comment response : of infjs , principles of typing and characters that ... http://th05.deviantart.net/fs71/PRE/i/2012/081/e/3/melancholy_mania_by_iplywittrees-d4tmkyc.jpg 289834 picture i drew of my gf 2 years ago =) haven't really gotten around to drawing after this .. maybe i should pick it up again “ the story so far : in the beginning the universe was created . this has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move . ” - douglas adams . this is perhaps my all-time ... just to chime in , as an infj mbti i also recognize myself the most in infp in socionics ( same functions ) . i don't really like any of the systems per se ( too rigid and systematized in some way ) , but ... self-transcendence wisdom impact yeah , met at least one confirmed infj , the boyfriend of my girl friends ( who i think is intj . ) mutual understanding from the get go and really easy to communicate . added , helsinki finland =) i'd say the author is obviously infj . read his description of himself under i astrologer for instance . i'm quoting you because i agree with you ; this post is not as such meant as a reply to you , ... menar man att rättssäkerhet är något som bör förbehållas personer som man tycker är trevliga ? tongivande svenska mediers rapportering i assangeärendet upprepar sakfel på sakfel . och beskriver ... but then again , if both people have the same information and the other persons reasoning is obviously flawed , why not begin by addtessing that ? i'm at work now , on my phone , i'll write a longer post when i get home . i'm pretty sure womens studies are classed as a social science herein scandinavia at least . things they argue for , despite ... so , what are the nt's views on women's studies as a science ? has it got any credibility ? do you ( as me ) view it as a pseudoscience , trying to sound sciency but with no real solid evidence nor ... i'm an entp and my gf is an isfp , we get along fabulously . not sure of her exes types though . leat : spot on analysis ! really good . i've come to the same conclusions when i've analyzed me and my entj friend . your example of how an intp would measure success is exactly what i myself have ... and about the dating thing : where are you from ? i'm from finland , we don'thave a dating culture per se . i don't date in the traditional sense . i invite the girl to some night club , and take it from ... wtf lawyersadvocate , why not have sex before he knows it's not the only thing he wants ? just having sex with women you find attractive is fun . many times , it's what both parts want . if you for ... gf is an isfp , i'm a moderately social entp . it works just fine . my first gf was also an isfp . i have a good friend that's an isfp . i also know isfps i don't get along with . the ones i do get a ... haha , entps are the masters of quickly rationalizing everything they do . as for acting deliberatly , rationally and with forethought , i would say the entjs beat us . taller people are in general more intelligent . better looking people are in general more intelligent . people with glasses ( ! ) are in general more intelligent . whites and asians are in general more ... define rational ;) realize you're in love .. love ( like the world and everything in it ) is an illusion , a name , a signpost , we give to a bundle of feelings , a lot of different kind of feelings too .. :) falling in ... equating iq with what you've learned is simplistic and flawed . correlation between parent-children and identical twins grown up apart are kind of refuting that . or if you by learning mean growing ... leat nah wrong . entps also have a drive for changing things . isfjs don't . i don't generally mind generalizations , but that was a bad one . on topic : kinda hard to judge from these . the ... yah thanks for correcting . haven't written that much in english lately . 1 ) wouldn't tell her . why upset her or make her sad ? nothing good can come out of it . 2 ) wouldn't tell , heh . it would jepordize ( spelling ? can't bother to check :D ) the relationship and probably ... first filter - good looks . i've been with beautiful girls before , and getting used to a certain standard makes it hard to go back , below my standard for a gf . i want a girl that makes my head ... this is exactly how my ne works . i've been trying to get my head around how a ni-user would form patterns and read people , when their intuition apparently does not work in this way . my friend who is ... very common . i felt really strange and almost defective as a child / early teenager . i had friends and craved social interaction , but i always felt a bit lonely and that i had to surpress many natural ... boss ; i will then approach his behaviour by stating that entjs are more into personal development than estj : s . you seem btw to have a similar attitude towards relationships as my entj friend has . i ... ah , i must say i read your post a bit quickly and that your counterpoints were valid . quoting out of context , which i apparently did , is not good form . him being an estj does not excuse crappy ... hume's guillotine . the difference between is and ought . just because love isn't supposed to be conditional , doesn't mean that it really isn't conditional . did you read dellai's post on page 4 ? ... https://fbcdn-sphotos-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-ash4/303317_3148296674481_1778229865_n.jpg drew a picture of my gf , an enfp , so i guess this technically could classify as soft-corn drawn ... great answers from delai . to all of you talking about her husband being mean / selfish / whatever , what the fuck ? staying attractive to your partner is very important in a relationship . i wouldn't ... ectomorph here , 176 cm 66 kg , toned , skinny by nature , very easy to lose weight , hard to gain weight . wouldn't call 176 cm tall though . =) my best friend is an entj , the only entj i know though . we get on great . https://fbcdn-sphotos-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-snc7/390984_10151040998515157_2084844163_n.jpg https://fbcdn-sphotos-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-ash4/318845_10150289477731549_509437188_n.jpg i don't believe in any deities nor a creator nor a personal god that cares about us or is active in any way . my view of god is most like spinozas god or the brahman , as in , with god i mean ... '