' http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MH6bRd4s_kU umm , so this is not about me or anything , just my voice and such :D d a tried to do this technical video about encoding , but i wont make it public xdd ... so i thought about writing a blog ... heres two example posts i did some time ago one breath deeper any thoughts ? worth reading ? worth trying to be a blogger ? lets say ( and simplify ) that there are two paths of career growth and dealing with employment . 1 ) one standard , official - study at institution , boost up cv with lot of half-fake certificates of ... something is missing to all christians ( and dreamer 777 ) ... stop being so invadive , just please , never ! give atheists / agnostics advices on how they should try to listen to the voice of a lord , etc . ... i am tolerant open ... id say it would need a lot of development and self-control for infp to be trully like that ... i know about it , but still i involve too much myself when helping others , too much of my ways , too much ... dunno about you , but i dont know any infp that is purely good , healer as you say ... many of them are kinda chaotic , neutral , messy in terms of morale ... i know many that enjoy their shadow sides ... i dont think jesus could ever be infp , we are masters of neverending questioning of our surroundings and therefore we are pretty unstable ... unlike infjs that decide upon some cause and then they ... joker is mostly indentified as entp well when he met reality ( out of his shelter and plans ) he got beat up easily by captain hammer ... he was practically bullied by captain hammer ... also when the time came when he could have kill ... http://images.wikia.com/drhorrible/images/a/ae/Dr._Horrible.jpg i would say unhealthy infp villian . i would say unhealthy coz hes somewhat emotinaly childish in his romance for the girl and ... deus ex 1 fallout 2 mafia 1 there are many others , but theyre just ... games ... i have no emotional bonds with thank you all , i would like to pinpoint now my personal faves . one slowly forgots about this as he grows up , good point i came to this conclusion earlier myself , just didnt payed enough ... loneliness ... not being able to connect ... not being able to share deep personal thoughts ... being constantly overlooked even for a hard effort / work . iam not highly depressed guy with suicidal thoughts or anything like that . its just that even if iam overall pretty ok ... i lack reason to live . reason to get up in morning . aim . goal . dream . faith ... made for local band . ( youtube ) flash the readies - my enemy [ hd ] http://i.imgur.com/03Nso.jpg which mbti types suffer most from unhappiness , depression , lonelines ? which type you think is most needed to get helped in today's society ? i dont mean this as contest of whoever is most something ... actually i must thank all of you now properly ... ive never read that much usefull info in one thread . i must admit it was a bit of rant ... i actually cracked up a bit cos of my new work ... its ... yep thats true ... i didnt meant to fake personality for outside world ... just to be strong for outside world ... which i think is struggle for infps ... and again by strong i dont mean showing of ... well its not about what i think ... its about what society thinks ... and i can blame society whatever i like :D but this doesnt change the fact that i fail hard at life ... its either become a man ... discuss this - is there anything good about men one of best explanations about men x women ive ever read ... explains a lot for me as male infp ... ie . explains why i fail as man in society :D ... u complain sc2 is sc1 with better graphics ... but thats it ... there is nothing else to improve ... omfg realize that sc1 is allover best rts game ever ... not just personal statement ... all those ... sleep = loosing consciousness ... i procrastinate on that choice , also i wanna things just right now , not to put myself in coma for hours and woke up tomorrow with blank mind again . now that i ... i think that inception is more intpish ... i got brainfucked logically , iam lucid dreamer , so iam gratefull for bringing that up ( even when 99 % people dunno about that and consider it all fully ... iam starting to thinking that iam really a lot absorbing characters from movies , tv shows whatever .. and just chameleon them , behaving like them ... i thought its was normal when faced with ... i named my cats kimi ( originally kimiyo ) and suki . dreamer i dont like dreamer ... sure i daydream from time to time ... but i also tend to do the opposite like being totally numb , unaware of everything , not even thinking ... i think ... well iam infp but also feel alot like intp sometimes ... also have one pure intp friend iam not sure intp would be great idea as girlfriend ... well yes theyre clever and special and whatever ... to figure out my main life quest ... what the hell to do in life ... what main activity job / university / whatever to choose and dedicate myself to it didnt cared about it that much till the end of ... scored 42 ... also that sluggish cognitive tempo ( sct ) sounds totally like me diverse ... well ... a lot has been said x ) thing is ... a think i was misunderstood a little ... youre all talking lot about not bothering about such a external stuff and making sense for myself by myself ... it comes from big 5 ... but its cross-computable ... it estimated me right as infp if you wanna get more information ( lists of compatibility are : us states , country , college major ) then get tested ... consider this ... society is one big living organism ... that has certain amounts of people with certain talents . i dont believe in personality inheritance , infps would be extinct lol ... instead i ... czech republic x ) ultimate knowledge or at least to know some higher truth about life / earth / space on more realistic level ... to develop with someone very deep connection , preferably with loving / loved person x ) 1 . well i have this problem ... when i manage to pull of some sucess ( in career way ) ... i dont wanna tell anyone about it ... thing is everyone around me is pushing on me to do something ... theres a lot of crap stuff in mysticism etc . ... but maybe because of that iam drawn to it ... because majority of people suffer from prejudice and not many sane , intelligent people are into these ... well i dunno if i can call it nightmares coz i really didnt cared about that ... but i had same themes occuring in my dreams for years ... it was always about killing ... in some dreams something ... i got loled : crazy : your in-depth results are : gryffindor - 10 hufflepuff - 10 ravenclaw - 10 slytherin - 10 i was lately thinking about what should i do with my life ... or better to say what i want to do with my life . my current status is : 21yrs old , my friends are studying 1st year on college ... and i ... important note : infp certainly isnt wrong or broken ... infp just doesnt fit that easily in its surroundingss . infp has to get through more stuff in a life ... leave more of it ... to be able to ... i found this online test - http://www.politicalcompass.org/test ... and iam curious if there is a correlation between mbti and political view . from my results ... looks like there is - ... well ... i think there is a one huge paradox in every loner infp topic ... lot of us are alone ... some are fine , though somewhat empty ... some are desperate and sad ... some of us are ... unfortunately ... yes thats awesome ... i made a pdf for print http://dl.dropbox.com/u/3358708/Places_where_you_can_find_INFPs.pdf how do you maintain it ? ... your general well being , your confidence in yourself , your inner strenght ... simply your happiness i recently started to feel some changes , but i dont want them to ... same here ... i like a lot infj girl ... she also likes me , but only as friend ... still dunno if this is dead end in relationship chances , coz iam not really infp in front of her ... it actually is ... i believe in something higher , energy , power , whatever ... something complex for atheist ... i dont think its that simple ... we dont know that much about things that are beyond our planet and ... no ... but there is one fact though ... at high school times ... i rarely went outside partying ... especially on those rubbish ( more dangerous ) places like many people did ... yet ... i got punched ... '