' um , option b would also heat up the bathroom with steam . i take really hot showers so when i get out , i'm usually the one steaming . my meditation is focusing and collecting , so it usually happens at the end of the day . i'll find my sanctuary and sit in open palm position and cool my mind for some time . after i'm nice and relaxed ... magic mushrooms ! ! ! okay the two times i've eaten those i've gotten extremely quiet , kinda reminded me of my earlier year b4 puberty . yeah psychedelics has given me a more defined sense of well being , ... devout pastafarian i couldn't get over that feeling . that complicated with the fact as a kid i was under the bell curve for weight and most of those meds make you eat even less . so i turned to cigarettes and weed . i'm ... last year i had a series of panic attacks and anxiety often plagues me . as a kid i was on concerta , hated it and didn't want to feel empty . for me , meditation , friends , and music are my biggest drugs . how much importance do you place on friendships and personal connections to people ? i have no idea what to major in at college ... help . if you can't spend all that new money , invest it ... in whatever people invest in . i suggest some rims or such . you shouldn't over think it , be prepared but don't let it consume your every thought . if ... like cruise control with a car ? ps bacon is life : laughing : your father smells of elderberries a journey is made up of a thousand steps , each one leading to your goal . feelings are my context clues , they help me out in all my situations . we're all entertaining your ideas now a lot of people like to know why things are . and you can convince more people that you are right if you give two statements instead of just one . is it about that mastery of the mbti thing you keep talking about ? well i want you to prove to me that you've mastered it . i officially challenge you to persuade me . if you win , i will give you my ... you're generalizing a group of people with the actions of a few individuals . woah woah woah , no need to be defensive . calm down and reassess the situation . we are not malicious people , if anything , there's a lot of people on here who do care more so than the average ... why hate though ? it takes more effort and it's corrosive to the soul . loving is so much better , the world can be an awesome place , without hate . there's no need for self hatred . and not everyone ... hey everyone , go deep in your heart , deeper than all that doubt and insecurity , and find that you are an awesome person , you are god ! once you come to the realization of your divine power , all will ... you can't change the impossible , you just have to learn how to deal with it . some people call it enduring , others call it having balls . also , people pick up on what you are feeling ; if you feel that ... i'm doing it for the lulz here's my theory on the subject between the difference . look at the functions of enfp : ne fi te si , whereas infp's are : fi ne si te . the first one is your attitude , all your self-interactions . the ... yeah enfp's are the only extroverted type that need alone time to recharge our batteries . i think it's because our parent function is fi but not sure . wait we don't have superpowers ? no it wasn't rhetorical . i have a paper due on the subject and what are r2d2 ' s ethics exactly ? who's do you think should get the title as ethical lord of star wars , old or new trilogy . woops , clarification . super saiyan is what i chose , what i meant was a balanced individual that can rely of more than just ne well ? how's that going for you hmmm ? my thinking is definitely not linear , it branches off in a multiverse kinda way . not necessarily , i only have a few good friends that i would ever ask for favors or depend on . i can't trust the grand majority of my acquaintances to have my best intentions in mind . i has a fluffy face , like grizzly beard the pirate , devastator of the seas . you guys might not know this , but i consider myself a bit of a loner . i tend to think of myself as a one-man wolf pack . but when my sister brought doug home , i knew he was one of my own . and my wolf ... the face is most expressive to me . it's weird , i'm able to see past someone's face and see their mood . entj - te ni se fi enfj - fe ni se ti entp - ne ti fe si enfp - ne fi te si determining your primary and auxiliary functions would help i think . feel free to get on your soapbox any time . i'm interested . : blushed : woke up to an empty dorm , nobody's back yet . i have a 27 rcv that's 13 years old xd it says i'm an experiencer with my secondary type as innovator . funny , i would've put rum in front of vodka . ha join the fan club moby cum laude means with praise in latin . awesome at tests , awesome at writing papers , terrible with homework . projects are sweet . stupid homework ... i would sooo tap that . it used to be a problem when i would go to bed and just lie there thinking for hours . meditation is a godsend and fixed all of those problems . yeah , it's why i'm single . i only flirt with body language because i'm too shy towards the fairer sex to make any other kind of move . turns out that's not a great way of getting the ladies ... furry boots ? win ! um , my socks never match , ever ! i just throw all my clean socks in one drawer and pull a pair out at a time . i have a lot of argyle socks , lots of stripes and other colorful things . : laughing : ne / te loop ? '