' intp's and entp's have very different functions , entp's relate more to intj's than to intp's . you may just be an intp that has adjusted his position on the i-e axis . you will always have the ... to define is to explain the meaning of a word in the context of the current situation . people demand definitions to important words because two people can think of success in different ways . ... this thread has gone wildly off topic into an attack fest . lets go back to discussing theories of hitler's type rather than a forum fight . i don't really know why you threw out n as a possibility just because he had to think for a little while . intuition doesn't mean you immediately know how to react in a situation . i see him as more ... i wish people would stop talking in public restrooms . just shut up and do your business , i don't want to hear you . i wish intelligence was more valued in society than it is now . man is perfectly flawed . abstract thinking deals with theories and possibilities . this kind of thinking is often limited in usefulness by technology of the time . a lot of physics gets into this , we can't really use the ... it would be terrible . nothing would get done , everyone would think the human race out of existence . this is why nt's can never be the only personality on the planet . st's can , but few new things ... this is incredibly interesting . i thought of a question extremely similar to this a few days ago . in my version , it was one wish . at first i thought i would wish to be god , or omnipotent , etc , but ... i am a junior in high school right now , and i get through it by having several intj friends . there are no intp's at my high school , but intj's are relatable enough , and they are in excess at my ... i said more to do with the environment than personality type . do you believe that a person being intp influences his or her decision about whether or not to do drugs more than the environment and ... i have not looked at studies or anything , but i believe drug use has more to do with an individual's environment than it does personality type . there is no such thing as thinking too much . it is when you stop thinking that you should be worried . i am feeling sad for the people whose posts i have often seen in my facebook update list . i am in highschool , and a lot of people don't understand that what they post now will affect them in the ... i've increasingly found myself taking on a strange persona when i am in a group of people i have known for a while ( not necessarily friends , just acquaintences ) but am not around for long periods of ... my post was more directed at the person countering my argument , but no . you don't need fe to want a pure world . he knew that for the world to be truly pure , he could not rule it with its people in ... your last post almost answered itself , lelouch ordered him to live because it was part of his plan from the beginning . he knew that a leader who took over through war would be hated . he wanted ... trolololololoolollolololol inb 4 intp forums are filled with grammatically incorrect threads this is untrue . when he speaks about being god , he is almost speaking as another person , his alternate personality kira . he wants kira to be god , and has guidelines set in what kira would do and ... it is easier for fi to justify it than fe by placing their ideals at the head of priority . fe has more difficulty with this as it tends to place people ahead of ideals . light was not in it ... i would switch to intj . i love being intuitive , thinking , even introverted . i often wish i could follow through on ideas more easily though . lelouche always seemed like an intj to me , treating everything like a game of chess , having everything planned out in his grand design . the only reason he ever really became emotional was nunnaly , ... 1 ) never to my knowledge 2 ) anime several months ago , i marathoned death note and code geass 3 ) last night 4 ) two nights ago 5 ) a week and a half ago t / f doesn't decide who is more emotional , it decides how people make decisions . to a t , everything is black or white , right or wrong , as decided by logic . even if they don't like the truth , they ... that is because of our tendency to mirror how the person we are talking to acts . when neither of you can pick up a lot of information , it is kind of a frozen situation . once you start talking it ... keys 2 cognition - cognitive processes type does not mean hive mind . intp's have different interests , the type just maps out our basic thought processes . age discovered 17 current age 17 intp pros of an nt world : fewer wars , greater chance of a planet united under one government . more thinkers to solve problems that face the world starcraft becomes a world sport , with the starcraft ... i normally go to a big nerd gaming place on fridays and saturdays to play magic the gathering or games on the lan mom - xsfj dad - xntj brother - intj sister - enxp my biggest weakness is my belief that success should come from my intelligence , rather than work . i cannot accept that i need to work hard to achieve great things . slightly annoyed , but otherwise fine . when while most people ask what , you ask how and why . is your name perhaps lelouch ? or light ? from left to right infp , enfj , intp ( you ) , intj possibly the best thing that has ever been said . i use them if i am typing something that can be seen as insulting , but that is not how i want it to be taken . rarely with friends / family in varying lengths . i prefer it to a call though . if i am interested in the subject , i don't care if the post is book-length . if i am only slightly interested in it , i scan through for the basic ideas . from what i have seen from various profiles is that intj's tend to have a harder time accepting themselves bring wrong , as they prefer to make a decision and stick with it . intp's often believe that ... the way i have seen it , intj's are like businessmen . they only care about knowledge if it will help them accomplish a goal . intp's , on the otherhand , are like philosophers . they care about ... well yes , we do feel things . we just never , ever show them as it either makes us appear weak , makes us uncomfortable , or solves nothing . i believe that in the incredily unlikely scenario that this relationship managed to start , it would be an incredible success . i know a few enfj's , and they are an interesting blend of high intellgence , craziness , and insane optimism . every enfj has been able to draw me out of my shell quickly ( a difficult task ! ) and ... when you were in school , you frequently thought screw studying , i will just let my intelligence carry me through this class . while i am sure that i do not speak for all intp's , i tend to not act on it unless they show interest in me , and they have to initiate the first few conversations . the problem is that my mind ... op here . it seems like most intp's are socially liberal . why do you think that is ? i normally stop arguing . if they are getting that emotional , no amount of logic will convince them of the truth . why is it that intps probably gain the most from meeting someone of their own type , but are also cursed with chameleon nature to blend into the background ? we are the hardest type to find or meet . '