' i have always enjoyed studying languages - i guess it's a combination of the intellectual challenge which comes with any new subject , the communication potential , the chance to appreciate books and ... i have tried dating younger , and shorter guys , but it never worked . i have always been attracted by those who were at least my age . i might notice younger guys as being objectively handsome / ... when i'm overwhelmed by a very intense emotion which catches me by surprise ( if i see it coming i normally try , and manage , to master it / detach from it , i make ironic remarks about it , etc ) .   ... i have always been fast , too . i was reading gifts differing by i.b.myers these days , and she refers to speed in finishing tests as one of the differences between intuitives and sensing types ... i use various tricks . as someone has already suggested ( mentioning japanese women , though - and i'm definitely not japanese ! ) i have learnt to reformulate my sentences in a smoother way . i use ... i'd jump off a mountain or freeze to death ( again , in the mountains ) depending on the season . i can relate to this . just like a recent post-apocalyptic phase i've had . i could discuss ten different ways mankind and / or the world could end , and feel very detached about it , while apparently ... you would need to convince me that there's a very good reason for it the more logical the reason , the better ( e . g . pleasing somebody is unlikely to work as a motivation ) and you would also need to ... north light , i have insufficient data to venture into hypothesis on the frequency of mbti temperaments in different parts of the world , although that would be a very interesting research topic ! ... thank you peter : happy : you see , the problem is that i have a very hard time in applying this view to my observations on the workplace . i can see that some of the interactions i have observed ... peter , i don't deny that there might be a difference in the way women and men face work-related battles ( i'm not too sure what this means though ) but i cannot really pinpoint it . i would be ... cake , a couple of things come to mind . 1 ) the gender issue . as a woman myself , i have had my share of problems . i started out ( both academically and professionally ) in a technical field and ... hi arbitrator , i know what you mean - i'm also based in europe . i've talked about mbti to some 30 people from various european countries and only two-three of them knew about it ... but most of ... since i discovered mbti a couple of months ago i have led a number of people to take the test ( mbti is not that well known in most parts of europe , where i'm based ) . it turns out i know several ... thank god ( no pun intended ) comments such as you're a fallen intj in reply to someone stating that she's religious are rare in this site , or else i wouldn't bother to visit this place . not that ... at home ( reading , in front of the computer , alone or with my partner or close friends ) at the cinema in green places ( preferably mountains / hills ) away from the crowd having a meal in a good ... i agree . problem is that sometimes i wish i could take that risk since i feel it would be worth , but it's so damn difficult . if i do , i feel as if i had put my life in someone else's hands ... i second most of what you wrote . compliments on my intelligence are those which really touch me . compliments on my appearance do not bother me , if i sense they're sincere then i am somewhat ... hehe ! i am skeptical of everything but i guess i leave the door open to some extent : laughing : hi there , i had never done this test , so thanks for the link . here are my results ... not sure about the final statement though . according to your questionnaire responses , your ... father : entj for sure mother : xsfj , possibly more on the i side but her love for talkative , noisy , intrusive people makes me wonder about an e preference needless to say , discussions at home ... that is so true for me ! i have actually instructed my friends that if they want unconditional emotional support they have to say it from the outset , or else i'll end up telling them what i really ... i fear this will be ot but it's still about chess . i've never enjoyed playing chess , because , as i've often said to people who asked me about it , i feel i am constantly playing chess in my ... 1 ) do you think / feel that 2 people of matching sexual orientation ( so a m and f for straight people , or m-m / f-f for gay / lesbian people ) can be platonic friends ? yes . 2 ) do you think / feel it is ... in my sleep , suddenly . at least my loved ones would have the comfort of knowing that i didn't suffer . as others have said earlier , it depends on how deep the emotion is and whether that's something i am ready to share or not . there are different layers . let's simplify - there's an outside ... the main problem for me has always been the opposite - that i would be the one getting bored . so i kept looking . my relationships have increased in quality over time - with some experiencing ... i have learnt to focus on my well-being . no point in forcing myself to be more sociable on a regular basis and then explode . since i interact with a lot of people at work , i compensate with lots of ... i have always been interested in the way people function , and their cognitive processes . i was struck by jung's psychological types . so there is an element of intellectual curiosity . moreover , i ... i like change and i'd go as far as saying that i need change on a constant basis . i recognise myself in this . the only job i have been satisfied with for more than 2 years ( and which is ... i have had some difficult periods in my life , due to various reasons . one of these periods went dangerously close to the definition of burnout i've found in scientific literature , due to a ... yes , i tend to do this a lot , although i have learnt to control myself ( or at least try ! ! ! ) i do it mainly when a discussion sparkles new ideas , but as wealldie said before , i generally remember ... many things annoy me , but the following really piss me off - people who are both incompetent and arrogant . i don't like arrogant people but if they're good at what they do i can at least live ... i don't enjoy rehearsing conversations of a personal nature because then i get bored when they actually take place . it's as if i silenced the inner voice to enjoy the unexpected . but i have always ... queenofleaves - i guess my reaction would depend on whether i think that the insult / accusation deserves a reply , independent of my relationship with those who defended me you know , it's funny , ... gandalf of course ! huge lotr fan here btw yes . i do not often fight using all my energies , i more often avoid the person , use my own death stare , turn ice cold and / or sarcastic or use some other indirect method . in essence , i normally ... google searches ( i go by themes - i normally spend days to weeks researching mostly on a specific topic , then move to something else ) , cinema ( all genres except horror ) , reading ( everything except ... i hardly ever get bored if i am on my own , and free to chose what to do . but i detest being in boring situations , be it studying something boring ( essentially , anything which involves no real ... same with me . the main problem i have had to face was when at work , due to uncontrollable external factors , i was forced to perform below my own break even point ( note : my own - my output ... i'm not a male but if i may ... i totally agree with what grey said . i used to be so serious and mature when i was a child , and a fairly serious teenager , too , when my favourite activity was to ... i do , too when i was a child i used to play with the light filtering through the blinds and try and create as many patterns as possible . it took me years to find out that other people didn't do ... thanks for your post , too , more tea . now i see where you're coming from . take care more tea . how difficult to summarise one's life in ten lines , eh ? can you really believe that one , anyone , could write about personality , tastes , or something as deep as a life-changing decision ... besides management and recruitment ( on which i won't comment ) i am of the view that mbti could be useful in improving team work and reducing conflicts in the workplace , since it alerts to different ... thank you all for the warm welcome : happy : ... and , azrael : it's italian i'm no exception - i wear black , or dark clothes , most of the the time , as practical and comfortable as possible . i want shoes i can walk confortably in , and clothes which i can forget about when i'm ... i guess i'm ok as a driver but i don't particularly enjoy it . it's boring having to concentrate on the traffic . i much prefer using public transport so that i can think , look around , read or sleep . no , i don't believe that life has a meaning . in the big scheme of things our existence is an accident and will leave no trace . but i believe that we can chose to give a meaning to our own life , as ... i agree entirely . my fundamental values and beliefs haven't changed much over time . except that i defined myself an atheist until the age of 16 then i turned agnostic and i have been ever since ... '