' deurmecara welcome fellow enfp ! ! congradulations , blessings come in pairs ! ! i've read somewhere on the web that a great match for marriage is yours ! ! i teasingly asked my little cousin if she ... boomonster ... thanks for the heads up ! ! & that explains why he's always cleaning his house ... ... i'm in trouble now , aren't i ? leaver . & yet , i have a place for everything . & they are still not there ! ! why is that ? ! wyldstyle awe ~ may i ask in what area ( s ) of discipline ? is it like you keep repeating to do something & they won't do it & you keep threatening various things like time-outs , no dessert , etc . but ... o_o nooo ! ! not scarification ! ! & that's a french equivalent too ! ! how did he murder his victims ? ! there's the f in enfp : feelings ( & we are in the ' diplomats ' category ; people persons ) ! music ... idk if i've ever cried from it even if it was sad ... more like it inspires ... ? but i cried all ... thank you ! ! some websites cost $ so i'm afraid to somehow get charged ! ( lol , guess this is why you're at 75 % ) ! b : we are people oriented & we tend to overthink everything , so i do this all the time too , ' cause i'm so use to being with friends & nobody is talking ' cause it's that awkward teenager ... itssunnyouthere yes ! ! thank you ! ! usually personality sites describes us as insane dreams that don't have a hold of reality that are too intense , anxious , & smiley ( which we are , mind you ! ) ! ! ! & ... sygma dang nabbit ! ! i stopped watching season 4 ' cause i was studying for the ultimate test / cousins don't own anything cable ! ! i've just missed so much & i hate it when episodes aren't in ... oh my gosh ! ! ! ' vampire diaries ' by : lj smith i finish books , mind you , no matter how disturbing ... until shutters that book ! ! the main character gag worse than ' bella swan ' i tell you ! ! ! heatwave out of the 8 people i've lent p . o . i to , only 2 had the same opinion you did . i think p . o . i is like ' downtown abbey ' ; you have to watch the first 5 episodes to truly get into it ( i ... google 14 things enfp ( ... want you to know ) ' 16 personalities ' --> introduction ; strengths & weaknesses ; romantic relationships ; friendships ; parenthood ; career paths ; workplace habits ; ... a few concerts , book stores , & library . perhaps that's why i've never met a fellow enfp in person ... also , ' 16 personalities ' on enfps has a part about friendships & romantic relationships . hope this helps ! well if it's gonna cost either or both of your jobs of course she's going to put you in that grey zone ! just be friends & really get to know her . after a while , you'll have an idea if she likes ... everything you just said : exactly ! ! it depends on what the person is pushing me over the edge with . my beliefs ? my friends , family ? reality ? i had a friend that all of a sudden didn't want me to hug her . every time i would try ... beautiful thread , but why are we always described as dreamers with little attribution towards reality ? because we open up in willingness & trust towards others upon meeting them , we can easily be ... well few people can handle enfps ... though i've never met someone who wants to make arguments no matter what you say ; unless you're debating ! of course , if you say something you believe in & they ... i can't fall asleep wearing pants . i hate wearing jeans so i have to wear black pants / yoga pants . i really do wonder if this is a thing ... i'm an enfp related to 3 infps . where to begin ... ? there seems to be a flaw for infps when it comes to romance . they seem to always picture the perfect person . know that we are in an imperfect ... enfp personalities are extremely hard to pin point along with infjs . although this caught almost all of me there were things like ' interests & careers ' , the 1st one i was like what the ... ? i'm a ... yes , yes we do . it can depend on the person . i love talking with people to get to know them ! however , sometimes when talking to someone , it's almost like we're not on the same page / someone you can't ... ' person of interest ' - - suspense ; psychological ; sci-fi ? ; action , comedy , romance ; crime ; mystery ( a show where you have to start from the very beginning in seasons & episodes or you'll be lost ; not ... i saw the evil word , math & trembled . enfps tend to be total right brainers , but hey , my mom is an analyst infp so who knows ? this is what i did to figure out people's personalities ( ' cause i be ... whoa ! usually it's the other way around : enfps hold on to a relationship even though it's already over . i have never heard of that ! i'm huge when it comes to commitment , but usually the person ... [ quote = telepathicgoose ; 16566986 ] i tend to spend a lot of alone time , because i like just coming up with ideas and find social interaction derails my idea oh good , i thought liking to spend a lot ... i'm an enfp & my friend is an istj . we hit it off the first time we met . i asked his phone # . i do not ask for people's cell # s because it takes a long time until i consider someone a friend . it ... calling all istjs ! ! i'm an enfp & i have a friend that's an istj & since we are complete opposites , i as an enfp would like to know the core of an istj . we've really hit it off from the beginning , ... i think you are . enfps are the hardest to pinpoint ! ' 16personalities ' is a free website if you want to double check . keep in mind , personality tests takes personalities to the extreme . keep in ... great career for enfps that isn't usually mentioned . massage therapist . ' penguins of madagascar ' pg i gave it 4 out of 5 stars genre : comedy , adventure my view : watch it if you ... love cute & cuddly penguins are a cumberbatch-b * * * ( benedict voices agent ... in ' pride & prejudice ' , mister bingley is never perceived as an enfp ! ! yes , most think he's an infp , but i think that's jane . reasons i think he's an enfp : * i think this is due to the way things ... you're an esfp ! ! you guys tend to start the conversations ! don't over think it ; it's school , everyone is miserable ( well the normal ones ;) ) & people in school focus on themselves . you know the important things in life & treasure them . that was a teacher . i won't repeat the things students said . oops ! sorry ; stupid autocorrect ! ! * people pleasers ! ! ! darn right we are ! ! though it's hard being an enfp sometimes because not everyone can handle us . personally , i act a little crazy when meeting people ' cause i watch their reactions to see if they're ... enfp's personality is so complex . not a lot of people can handle us ; but that's fine because then they are true friends usually . for example , we always come off like we are flirting with everyone ... fun fact : lots of enfp kids get misdiagnosed with add or adhd another probable reason you can relate to enfps ( i'm an enfp ) out of all of my friends , i am most comfortable around an intj . people think i'm odd & their demeanor makes me so anxious & yet around him , he listens without seeming to be judging ... you rat scallion ! ! high on what though ... ? chocolate covered coffee beans ! ! ' woman of flames ' by kim stokely ( loved it ! ! ! probably my favorite books of all time ! ! ) * characters ... what personality type do you think ? extremely hard to determine if you ask me ... where's those p . o . i geeks ? ! what is your opinion on the direction the show is going ? * i thought season 1 was amazing ! ! - what did you like / dislike about s1 ? * 2nd , awesome ! ! - like / dislike s2 ? ... i know this has been posted like a million times , but i want to see the enfps ' opinion ( s ) on this matter ? ( may contain spoilers ; sorry ! ) i love ' gravity falls ' & yes this is somewhere between the lines of a conspiracy with soos . * what do you think soos is hiding ? * what if soos is the main bad guy ? ! ... you can speak es cargo ? ! wait ... have you tried es cargo ? coolio ! what types of genre ? high to you too , lol ! welcome to the dark side of insanity ... ( muhahaha ! ! ) according to websites , enfps are great with children . however , when putting down rules / discipline it's so bloody hard ! ! i mean , we know when to put our foot down when it's really bad ... but ... it ... '