' you beat me to it ! : laughing : this ! i don't know what's so hard to understand about it , either . i prefer their mexican pizza with extra cheese , but i'm damned if they even know what the phrase means half the time . :P ... why can't so many people eat taco bell without getting the shits ? i mean , this is great for cheap lols and all , but past a certain point you wish people would just stop whining and stfu . i have not known one , but there's no reason why one shouldn't exist out there somewhere . some people will find most ( or even all ) of the things you like and find interesting to be pointless , stupid , and / or boring as hell . other people , you will find most ( or even all ) of the things ... from all i remember , when it comes to teenage and early twentysomething males , it usually boils down to two factors ... 1 ) is she hot , and 2 ) is she stupid / useless enough to make me feel ... on the job , if they are intelligent , at least relatively trustworthy , have a decent work ethic , actually give a shit about something other than themselves , and are more competent at whatever it is ... eh , i've seen plenty of other young nt males ( and not type 8 ' s ) do it , too . i think of it as a stage that they pass through . i have an idea as to why this might be . i see it in a lot of younger men who are bright , especially nts . unfortunately , intelligence and wisdom are not the same thing , and thus , many of these men ... https://forum.warthunder.com/uploads/monthly_2016_10/necroposting-796x640.jpg.a824d6a5db8b1aaec1473f1749823a75.jpg.f640bcf7348b31d6405676a3d726fd96.jpg this passage is from the long walk , by stephen king , and it has always made me laugh . tubbins had gone insane . tubbins was a short boy with glasses and a faceful of freckles . he wore hiphanging ... they're quite right about the value judgments of inferior introverted feeling being barbaric and absolute in expression ... when i think of an honest living , i think of reciprocity - - not taking ... over the course of a few conversations , i have run across something rather interesting regarding geographic areas ( united states ) , gender , and the phenomenon of giving unsolicited advice . most of ... you have said nothing regarding her age or any potential health issues . if she's only middle-aged now , she could end up living for decades to come . forty years from now , are you still going to be ... being an extrovert doesn't mean you're bouncing around like a game show host with a meth habit every moment you're awake , lol ! yes , i like my me time , and find it essential to my mental balance . i say be careful . no , it's not a type thing , nor even a chatterbox thing . when a guy who barely knows you blows that hot , it is usually a bad sign . is this entj a psychiatrist , or is he your psychiatrist ? because if he is your psychiatrist , then the two of you being involved sexually isn't merely dubious on his part . regarding the ethics of his ... i'm getting a bpd vibe , here . am i warm ? no , this is not meant as an insult . it's an honest question . thank you all . at least it was relatively quick ... only about a week and a half from when i talked to him on his birthday and he was fine , to being planted in the ground . at least he didn't have ... ok . i'm not too good at beating about the bush , so i'll just get to the point . my father is dead . he died late july , after being sick for a week and a half . you remember how i bitched some time ... there's a lot of overlap in these questions between autism and obsessive-compulsive personality disorder . typically , neither an autistic nor an ocpd enjoy their routines being disturbed , or are ... i would not make a bad therapist , but it would probably be more from the schools of functionalism / behaviorism , or gestalt psych ( as fritz perls did it ... basically , calling people out on their own ... dealing with strong fi tends to make my own fi louder , if that makes any sense . it is easier for me to hear it , connect with it , and understand it when the process is being bootstrapped by someone ... look . new job or not , do you seriously believe he can only spare 10 seconds to shoot you a text once every seven days , but mysteriously somehow gives a damn about you at all ? ... i hate to ... was thinking mostly of te development in fps when i said that . if they are healthy , their te becomes more developed as they age , in much the same way as our fi does . elistra , the emissary of unwelcome truth rustling jimmies since 1976 . : tongue : my instinct is that it will break down at least somewhat by age . some of the younger ones might not like it , but ... i'm at the extremes on both ends , judging from the feedback i have received over the years . i have no poker face regarding my thoughts and opinions , but at the same time ( barring anger ) my emotions ... i think it is not only ok to try and figure out what makes someone tick , but it is morally imperative that you do so , at least if you're going to have to spend any real amount of time around this ... i used to e-brawl a fair bit when i was younger , too . in my case it was generally on politics boards , or sometimes on the various boards of a ( now defunct ) mmo , asheron's call 1 . an nt , married ... : laughing : your rhetorical hyperbole aside , i do sense a certain self-defeating streak within you . not even in the name of a putative ' greater good ' either ... not martyrdom . rather , it is in ... there are sometimes signs . for example , they sort of hang out on the periphery of the group , say nothing , and look awkward for awhile . then , they go away . if they return and then continue with that ... this thread is hilarious . : laughing : ah , but you are . you don't actually want to win ... and that is what you seek here ... for us to beat the ( verbal ) shit out of some kind of inner child of yours ? why ? what is the point in this thing that you do ? i married one of your kind , you would be surprised at how comfortable i've grown with ti over the years . ti in service to te , mind you . much like aristotle ( often typed entj , as well ) i see no ... so , you kind of have an entp trolling subroutine in your mainframe ? : wink : * reads over the preceding commentary * let me guess , you have very weak introversion and are in fact almost an extravert , right ? right on the border , there ? you verbally poke in the ... surprised you didn't just go for his mom and save yourself the trouble . it's kind of like this ... http://i.imgur.com/6SEAD.jpg : laughing : if i were to shut down my fi , i would lose not only my humanity ( such as it is ) , but my moral bellwether , and also the energy source which underwrites everything i do . if you stop and think about ... now , if i ... 1 ) did not experience the oxytocin surge ( some people don't , or do but at a much lesser intensity ) , 2 ) had a higher sex drive ( testosterone being the primary hormonal determinant of ... all i ask is that i'm not put in the bitch box again . one , i've spent a lot of time in that one as it is . two , it's dingy in there , the wallpaper is faded and peeling , and there are no ashtrays .  ... when people say that kind of thing , i hear them saying they are a special little snowflake , are afraid someone will figure them out , or both . harsh , but true . i support those who support me , regardless of species .   ... although admittedly , what spiritual / religious impulses i do have are along those lines , yes . i've never seen the ' don't put me in a box ' attitude in someone without it being accompanied by one of the following : 1 ) omg i'm such a special little snowflake that i'm completely unlike anyone ... grats . :) i'm growing tomatoes this year , among other things . i don't need pesticides , because i let all the spiders who want to live on them , as well . there are webs stretching between areas of the same ... what is it with people who use the word yikes conversationally ? i've yet to meet even one person who uses that expression who isn't immature , extremely annoying , and not worth talking to , just in ... why do they even do that for ? is acting like a smarmy little twelve year-old girl supposed to be even remotely attractive ? i'm not into other women , and i'm sure as hell not into children , so the ... i was never one for casual encounters either , even before i was married . to be perfectly vulgar , there's nothing i can get from a casual hookup that i couldn't get with far less time investment and ... tact = wip , probably always will be . you know , i think part of my problem is that i have the sort of tact most extj can appreciate , but not necessarily others . this happened years ago , but it is ... '