' ... you spend most of an argument wondering why instead of your opponent employing the counter to your own argument that you've thought up and purposely avoided pre-empting to see if s / he would pick ... when you're such a good devil's advocate that you convince yourself . cute . on that note : ... when deadpan sarcasm is your standard mode of communication . ... when success means even close friends are unsure if you're being sarcastic or serious . cute . on that note : ... when deadpan sarcasm is your standard mode of communication . ... when success means even close friends are unsure if you're being sarcastic or serious . actually , i prefer to think of myself as a mind trapped in a squishy brain trapped in a vat . the brain is that annoying thing that keeps annoying me with crushes , hunger , old memories , and other ... this . on the one hand , i'm pretty good at empathizing with people . on the other hand , it takes the same amount of mental effort to empathize with myself . ( i express this to others via a mind / brain ... you just made my day . thank you . <3 the cynical framing of this comment has been removed . this happens to me all the time . what's worse is that some friends do this unconsciously ; i've had to ask a friend the same question repeatedly for over 15 minutes , with her gradually becoming ... ... your friend * vents to you about problems , and it takes about 10 seconds to understand them , 20 seconds to figure out how to solve them , 4 more minutes to wait for s / he to finish telling about ... him / her : is everything okay ? me ( in head ): everything was wonderful until you spoke to me . me ( out loud ): fine . * plasters on a fake smile * no hugs ! care to support that criticism , or did you simply check out the activity of this thread while gazing around in desperation for some way to feel superior to intjs ? i'm the same way . i think it's an issue of how we communicate , though , not with how we feel . to explain how i feel to someone — including to myself , i . e . when i'm reflecting — i can only process ... i could probably give an evil grin if it served my purpose in some way , though i'm not sure when it would . in general , intjs don't bother with facial expressions unless we're performing . slightly ? i was a math major . this is the first time i feel like a walking stereotype for that fact . my sister still won't talk to me . ... you go to a comedy club , and afterward are able to explain over your friends ' that was f * * * ing awesome ! and he sucked ! exactly how each comedian was funny and what he could have done better ... you avoid telling other people about your disappointing event ( in my case , getting rejected from graduate school ) , because they keep reacting sadly and overly emotionally in their attempts to be ... for red-haired intjs : when you feel like a red-haired person with dominant ni and secondary te . for bearded intjs : when you feel like a bearded person with dominant ni and secondary te . i hate the stereotypes that intjs are trolls . intjs are willing to argue for in what they believe , so those who lose to us in arguments try to undermine us with the ad hominem that we are merely ... so many times this . a few months ago , a person asked me for my opinion on his performance at his job ( irrelevant context withheld ) . my first response : you don't want to hear what i have to say . he ... this . bland anecdote exemplifying how this fits me that adds nothing to the general point or to the thread in general ! not me . i got a c instead of an a in one class because what i thought was lively participation the instructor thought was hostile argumentation . you know you're an intj when every time you say something , you're already prepared to explain it , define each term precisely , and defend it against a rampaging horde of ideologues . you make a far better case for my claim than i ever could . in the intj sub-forum , you always are . you brag about lack of concern with correctness and then think that's a burn ? an equivalent to your statement : i prefer to eat with a fork when it suits me ... the former sentence is most certainly not a truism ( as the proximal placing of the two sentences insinuates ) . it is an empirical fact , albeit not a particularly profound one . i make those kinds of schedules , but i don't follow them too closely . a daily hour-by-hour schedule is too things : a daily to-do list and a rough draft of the order in which to do it . i almost never ... also known as non-intjs . my answer of choice is the direction of travel away from gravity's pull , though i may change it at some point in the near future because it's gotten old . um ... no . believe that you're better than others — perhaps , and usually correctly . fantasizing about power , success and attractiveness — not in the slightest . i've better things to do ... i am the proud owner of a ravenclaw necktie , which i wear not uncommonly . i've always felt the draw of slytherin , but ultimately intellect takes priority over pragmatism . ... you plant fallacies in your arguments when talking to people to see if they notice . they never do . plenty of good being done that religious causes . why is atheism the default position ? i would argue that because ( a ) historically theism has been all but universally accepted ( ad populum ) , ( b ) ... you , sir , are undoubtedly the master of wit . then you misspoke when calling it cognitive dissonance . we shall move on : i disagree . the fact that a position is radical is not indicative of its stemming from black and white thinking , and even if ... no , you mistake arguments consistent with deism for deism arguments themselves . the philosophical arguments for divine existence do not refute theism , they simply do not distinguish between deism and ... low tolerance to dissonance is the precise opposite of dissonance . did you perhaps mean it's a reaction to cognitive dissonance ? because that would not support your claim that it is ipso facto ... care to cite any specific arguments , or are the ones in your head simply more interesting ? one doesn't engage in debate merely to convince the other of correctness ; the reciprocal challenge of ... please elaborate . my understanding of the cosmological argument is precisely that it's an argument from the need to avoid infinite regression . that's a simplified understanding of the argument ... it is actually a common tactic of mine , and i believe it to be quite common among intjs . to understand it , approach the decision from the perspective of utility : what will communicating ( or not ... equivocation . false dichotomy . religious faith need not be based on either blind faith or scientific probability ( though both rationales are quite common ) . it can be based on rational ... what i hate more is the converse . some of my closest friends are too polite to give me criticism ( slash one has a crush on me and thinks that being a yes-woman will make me want to date her ) , ... going for an advice motif : ... the lives of those around you would be greatly improved if they accepted as axiomatic that when you're usually right .  ... you like giving advice , you give good ... hehe , classic . i've pulled a variation on this joke many times . i once got a ( vegan ) friend to ask me seriously at three different points in the conversation if i torture animals , despite my shocked ... same trait , different motivation . i like to watch the mortals struggling to figure out if i'm being serious or not . you make up far-fetched facts in the middle of an argument that for all you know are true , and they go unquestioned because the way you put it they make perfect sense . pretty sure . thanks for asking , though . this . if i don't like people i usually won't bother correcting them . '