it's a combination people say is made in heaven , and yet ... i've never actually seen it in person . so , esfjs , have you ever dated an infp ? what was it like ? i absolutely adore this anime . nana o - isfp hachi - esfp ren - istp yasu - xnxj nobu - enfp shiin - isfp reira - enfp takumi - intj how do you figure this ? you got me ! infj . me - infj mum - esfp dad - istp younger brother - istp older brother - esfp life ain't easy in a family of sps . i think that interviews , surprisingly , are often a bad way to type someone . you never know how they may feel in the moment , what could be running through their heads . unfortunately , they're usually ... i feel you ! coconut oil and tight buns have become my friend . i also recently found a great hairdresser . still , there's a real struggle every day . i was bullied for my hair was well ; it's super curly and it gets poofy if i'm not careful . i recognize that most of my insecurities stem from being made fun of for my appearance . unfortunately , i ... hard to say but i don't think he's much of an intuitive . i'm gonna guess isfp . i would have guessed intj , to be honest . here's mine ... 1 . wednesday addams - the addams family https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/ab/1e/67/ab1e6771d35e0e7303c80928ad024bc0.jpg 2 ... it really depends on the context . lying to themselves ? to other people ? to hide something ? to protect feelings ? all the answers are different . strange , i usually see these typed ... emma - esfp haruhi - entp lady eboshi - estj yuri from angel beats is an awesome example , if you like anime . apple bloom from my little pony is probably an entj . such a cutie . ginny weasley - at least in the books - is also an entj . ... 1 . what's your mbti type ? infj 2 . are you a fast or slow reader ? ( ignoring any tendency to get distracted . ) fast 3 . are you an auditory or visual reader ? ( auditory = pronouncing the words ... what made you change your mind ? i think the best thing to do is talk to your wife . i can't speak for istjs but i know that if my spouse developed feelings for someone else i'd want to know about it , right away . see if there was ... i think it depends on the details . if i'm interested , i'm great with details . good with names , voices , birthdays , artistic qualities , fashion , family trees ... if i don't care , i'm terrible with ... i care way too much , very , which is honestly quite strange because i don't care much about the appearance of other people . i want to look on the outside the way i feel on the inside , and that ... huge beatles fan , but they're honestly so tricky to type . there's a lot to dig through . my guesses ... john - entx paul mccartney - haven't made up my mind . george harrison - infj ringo starr - ... cats . don't get me wrong , i absolutely adore my dog . she's a wonderful creature with nothing but goodness in her little heart . however , her lack of independence sure can get tiring despite her ... used to think ted bundy was an entj , now i'm thinking enfj . definitely enfp . quality time and confirmation are my #1s , tied . touch is a close # 2 . i think people of any two type could have compatibility , however ... i have personally been my happiest with xnfps . i was just broken up with by an enfp , but i don't regret the relationship at all ... american horror story fan art : laughing : ... https://scontent-sea1-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xaf1/v/t1.0-9/12745988_476441795891107_3285606418176457850_n.jpg?oh=f0672cfe7ffea5db436ddd07d4b2331d&oe=579498E8 ... i've changed my mind to esfj . i always thought extp i've noticed that infjs tend to see meals as an opportunity for sensory adventure . i love that :p roud : i don't eat this stuff on a regular basis unfortunately . i myself rather fancy ... based on her music , i would guess isfp but based on interviews i'm actually gonna guess infj . hi holly ! there are tons of enfps around here . good luck ! i never quite understood this . there's a lot that makes up a person besides mbti . that's why i said esfj , but i could see enfj . i think experiences really shape enfps . my enfp is much like yours ; loyal to the core but spontaneous . he would never abandon his friends ; they're probably the most important thing in his life . ... i think enfp . taylor - esfj hayley - enfp scott pilgrim - xnfp ramona v . flowers - intp wallace wells - istp knives chau - isfp ? kim - intj young neil - isfp gideon - entj can't decide on the rest of them , sorry . knives i can see as ... i'm gonna guess intp . almost as bad as disney princess quizzes . pick an object : - an apple - a bed - glass slippers - a book my enfp boyfriend is very mature and not at all flaky . i think a lot of it has to do with lifestyle ; if they're forced to be responsible , they step outside of themselves . i like what winegums ... they're basically my reason for living . thanks for sharing ; i'm a 4w3 and this pinned me down . my entire family is sps . now that fucked me up . at least sjs will hug you when you have a bad day . my parents ignore problems and tell me to cheer up constantly . they were both obscenely popular as ... some of the most cruel , manipulative , downright bad people i know are extremely charismatic and nice . meanwhile , some of the best people are looked down upon . sad times . sometimes you just gotta ... i've dated many enfps ( dating one right now ) and they make up a huge amount of my friends . i feel like the pull to them is magnetic , and a lot of infjs agree . why is this ? i know why this is ... he is just a naturally nurturing dude in awe of everything quirky . i haven't seen the film in a long time , and i strongly disliked it , but that's the impression i got at the time . yes please ! also , i think the 500 days guy is isfj . you've convinced me , i think . i just needed a little push . elsa is infj . by the way , what do you think mulan is ? she's my favorite , and i've never related to one more either , but that doesn't necessarily make her infj . would love to see your arguments , though . i totally forgot about atticus . he's ... i could see olivia as infj , but i'm gonna lean intj . i'm not familiar with the 100 or sure about ender . ( and i'm not very familiar with fringe either , so don't take my word for it entirely )