' greetings and welcome to perc ! don't worry too much about your future , when i first discovered mbti i thought intj fit me 100 % , then i though infp fit me 100 % , then i thought istj fit me 100 % ... in ... greetings and welcome to perc ! this forum really is a great place to discuss psychology with people who are way more knowledgeable than me about it , hope you have a nice day ! greetings and welcome to perc ! this website really is full of many funny and awesome people so hopefully you'll enjoy your stay here . don't forget to have fun ! :P greetings and welcome to perc ! this website really is full of many funny and awesome people so hopefully you'll enjoy your stay here . don't forget to have fun ! :P greetings and welcome to perc ! this website really is full of many funny and awesome people so hopefully you'll enjoy your stay here . don't forget to have fun ! :P greetings and welcome to perc ! this website really is full of many funny and awesome people so hopefully you'll enjoy your stay here . don't forget to have fun ! :P greetings and welcome to perc ! this website really is full of many interesting people so hopefully you'll enjoy your stay here . greetings and welcome to perc ! this website really is full of many funny and awesome people so hopefully you'll enjoy your stay here . don't forget to have fun ! :P greetings and welcome to perc ! this website really is full of many great and wonderful people so i'm sure you'll have fun . greetings and welcome to perc ! this website really is full of many great and wonderful people so i'm sure you'll have fun . greetings and welcome to perc ! in my opinion this forum is the best community on the internet , full of wonderful and diverse people with interesting points of view . so i'm sure you'll be able to make ... greetings and welcome to perc ! this forum is one of the best communities on the internet , full of great people so hopefully you'll enjoy it here . greetings and welcome to perc ! this forum is one of the best communities on the internet , full of great people so hopefully you'll enjoy it here . greetings and welcome to perc ! this forum is one of the best communities on the internet , full of great people so hopefully you'll enjoy it here . greetings and welcome to perc ! this forum is one of the best communities on the internet , full of great people so hopefully you'll enjoy it here . greetings and welcome to perc ! this forum is a great place to discuss mbti and other personality theories so hopefully you can meet more likeminded people here . greetings and welcome to perc ! this forum is a great place to discuss mbti and other personality theories so hopefully you'll have fun here . greetings and welcome to perc ! this forum is a great place to discuss mbti and other personality theories so hopefully you'll have fun here . people who harass others online , as trolls , flamers , jerks , etc are all a bunch of lowlifes with no real talents in real life . as a result , they go to the internet as an escape mechanism and ... reddit youtube ( though not as much as i used to ) deviantart facebook various alternate history forums and of course perc trump is an incompetent narcissist . http://api.theweek.com/sites/default/files/20170612edohc-a.jpg?resize=807x807 http://api.theweek.com/sites/default/files/lk061317dAPR.jpg?resize=807x807 ... greetings and welcome to perc ! i also love lurking a lot on other sites so it's great to see you've made an account . anyway , hope you have fun here on this forum ! greetings and welcome to perc ! this forum really is one of the better communities here on the internet and there are tons of people who are experts in mbti and psychology in general . the isfj forum ... greetings and welcome to perc ! this website definitely has one of the best communities on the internet show i'm sure you'll meet plenty of awesome people . hope you have a fun time here ! greetings and welcome to perc ! coincidentally , i was also 17 when i first learned about mbti and i quickly became obsessed with it due to the fact that i was going through a rough patch emotionally ... greetings and welcome to perc ! there are definitely a ton of people way more knowledge about mbti theory and i'm sure you can find a bunch of them over at the isfp forum . hope you are able to resolve ... greetings and welcome to perc ! that's great that you still keep backing to this forum , i used to more active here too , and i still try to make posts daily , though schoolwork and other events get in ... trump is a special snowflake who thinks he is entitled to everything . https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DBpBEYbXoAU7bnh.jpg:large ... may : corbyn is a terrorist sympathizer ! also may : we will continue to work with our friends and allies in the democratic unionist party ... http://api.theweek.com/sites/default/files/060117ParisClimateR.jpg?resize=700x700 http://api.theweek.com/sites/default/files/060417CaretakersR.jpg?resize=807x807 ... https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DAIyBeaW0AEnWZx.jpg:largehttps://pbs.twimg.com/media/DAXzSGMXYAEcZPv.jpg:large https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DBgFxrCXcAMeY1F.jpg:large http://i.imgur.com/7SXN11f.jpg ... greetings and welcome to perc ! this website is full of tons of people way more knowledgeable than i am about mbti so i'm certain you can learn a lot from them . also as for why there aren't a whole ... greetings and welcome to perc ! this forum is full of intjs and i'm sure you can find some like-minded people over there . over time you'll learn more about how the forum worked , i'm still discovering ... greetings and welcome to perc ! this forum is full of infjs so hopefully you can find some like-minded people . hope you have a great day ! greetings and welcome to perc ! there are definitely a ton of interesting people on this site so hopefully you can have some riveting conversations on here . anyway though , hope you have a great day ! greetings and welcome to perc ! this forum is full of infjs so i'm sure you can find plenty of like-minded people . and about your results on 16 personalities changing to infp , don't fret over it as ... greetings and welcome to perc ! this website is full of awesome people who you can discuss all sorts of interesting topics with so hopefully you'll enjoy it . hope you have a great day ! greetings and welcome to perc ! this forum has one of the best communities on the whole internet in my opinion so hopefully you'll enjoy it here . there are definitely tons of knowledgeable people on ... this literally just six words on a white background , how is it a meme ? http://api.theweek.com/sites/default/files/handcolor_2.jpg?resize=807x807 ... greetings and welcome to perc ! that's pretty awesome that you are from india , we don't have too many users from there on this website but the more diverse the merrier ! hope you have a great time here ... greetings and welcome to perc ! you both sound like pretty awesome people and i love that avatar ! : kitteh : hope you have fun ! greetings and welcome to perc ! this forum is a great place to learn more about the personality theories and yourself in the process so hopefully it can help you out . hope you have a nice time here on ... greetings and welcome to perc ! that sucks that you were unable to find a job even with a degree in computer science . my advice to you would be to start working on some independent freelance projects ... stereotypes are the only way we can even attempt to classify something as vast and varied as one's personality , considering how there are over 7.5 billion people on earth there is no possible way to ... i'm an intp and i love math so much , even though some math problems can be extremely frustrating math in general is pretty fun , especially in the context of problems for something like physics where ... mental pain , obviously , i couldn't care less about the physical pain my body is in as i can just ignore it after awhile , but mental pain is something which by definition is always on your mind . people never laugh at my jokes so i learn to just never say them to anyone but the internet . nothing drives me , i have never once felt passionate about doing something , the only reasons i do things are either for survival or out of intellectual curiosity . i personally couldn't care less ... trump claims to be against radical islam , yet is friends with the islamist theocrat and psuedo-sultan erdogan . https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DACOXlxWAAAFljD.jpg ... '