' islamic though with loose morals lol you know i think by tolding you this she is potentially looking for another fuck . why the fus about infj they are people you know . why the double standards ? move on she is not for you besides in your country with those interests you can find plenty of girls . because i think she is using you as an emotional healer thing . i prefer natural one i never tasted coffee and as for cats not for me . becoming athletic watching naruto shipudden extravorted types i have been in to once as a teenager i say it was okay forced me to think in a different way . think of her as a friend and stop posing yourself as a role model or perfection it is what creating boundaries between you two . as for friends i dont keep friends because good friends i cant find ... i think it can work if you want it to . one direction every relationship is about give and take . no matter how much perfect you are there will be always loop holes in other peoples eyes . to achieve your dreams sometimes you have to kill lesser dreams ... you just need more experience thats all keep dating and sooner or later the fear will be replaced by confidence , its called being a good buisnessmen its the common traits of all buisnessmen . they know how to handle people to make others believe first believe in yourself . no great achievement can be done alone so learn to adopt and understand . that ballon is not my color . hug i like just change your gender . instead of welcome how about some dollars ? lol i am seriously confused i like meeting people but they also sometimes drain my energy . i am fun but i am also boring . i am principled but i like breaking the laws to . i am creative but i also ... digital fortress by dawn brown . the best way to get over any fear is to start doing it until the fear is replaced by confidence and then by uncosciousness it becomes a part of you . i have the best ingredient for you . start charity . you will be amazed how much help and entuhiasim it brings . so what do you do for fun around here ? '