' this has already been stated in different ways , but i don't think it can be said enough ... be genuine , be interested in who they are as a person not just ' pieces parts ' , open up to them , exchange ... ... a somber stillness falls over me , and i sink into it's grasp like water seeping through a thousand grains of sand .   ... the illusion of what was and could be gives way to the reality of ... thanks for the response . you seem to be humble and self aware . i see a different response from the intj i know as far as self awareness . it comes across as egotistical and i wonder if it is a ... i feel everything and nothing all at the same time . a burning nothing and an empty something . i am full of holes and i am leaking out ... draining to the bowels below ..   ... amongst the sewage ... that's a good way to determine it ... based on importance of the value to each person ( although this could get tricky ) , and level of resentment . reimagine ? that's creative . :) . both parties having ... i've been in a situation where i felt i was putting in a more meaningful effort that the other person . for example , he would compromise only on the things that he did't care about . if i felt ... thanks ! :D i like balance too . why is it so hard to achieve and maintain it in life ? ack . : roll eyes : i think the values idea makes sense and as you say , the problem arises when two different ... that makes sense . i wonder if compromise in general lends itself to ' keeping tabs ' on what each person is giving in the relationship , or is it impossible to maintain a relationship without ... that's a good point . i think concession should be part of a compromise . perhaps the question is to what degree should the concession be ? for example , if one person's concession is based on caring ... thanks ! it combines most of the elements i was looking for ; a flexible schedule and opportunities for creativity and growth . what place do you think concession has in relationships ? is it fair ... hi infp's . i have a question about compromise . what do you consider fair compromise in relationships ? do you ever feel that you value the person and their feelings more than they value yours ? ... hi intj's . i have a question for you . what are your thoughts on compromise in relationships ? what does that look like ? what's the criteria for a fair compromise in your opinion ? nice to read ... if you don't mind me asking . how did your wife , as an infj , respond to the information that women were making advances on you ? does that type of thing have an affect on her nf ? i ask because i am ... what did you say to her about your weekend ? it may have been something you said or maybe she interpreted your wishing her a safe trip over the weekend to mean you didn't want to talk to her .   ... the link is not working is it working for anyone else ? know thyself shamy i will read your article later . thanks for sharing it know thyself dear insomnia , you have worn out your stay , please go away . tonight i need sleep . so tomorrow i can play . know thyself an excerpt from a neuroscience article i found interesting and seems to be related to this topic . it eventually mentions the guilt / shame issue . would be interested to hear your thoughts when ... a thought : is there a possibility that some of the cases of parent / child mbti difference could be attributed to having a caregiver other than the parent , such as those in full time daycare , or ... shame is subjective i believe . i recall the experience most vividly as a child / growing up . a perceived self conscious and unworthy sense of self that can be a response to being scolded , or ... well , that sounds frustrating . feel free to pm me about it if you'd like . if not , that's fine too . i hope i am answering accurately according to your situation . i don't know what the specific ... yes , i think maybe it is a bit of both ! : wink : i can relate to this phenomenon . i know for me i do better with ' landline topics ' , when it is framed in a certain way and when i am not ... that is an interesting question . i think it depends on what the goal is . i encounter this most often in relationships . it is unlikely to find someone who will agree 100 % or who will tolerate being ... interesting that you said this because i had the feeling and thought that she sounded ' immature ' from your first post , but wanted to ask questions and get more information before saying that . when ... no disney rides from me ! lol hmmm , rambles thru fridge and produces a smirnoff hope brasil fares better than usa did . aie know thyself hug hug hug's to all you delightfully interesting intj's ! know thyself i am going to admit here , i am really infx ... i test both j and p depending on the day . it has always been borderline . i agree with your statement here . i can give an opinion , and talk in a ... gentle pounce hug dabbling :D know thyself dabbling . you said i ' do ' have deep emotions and i cannot surface them ... she can't see through me as a fellow fi user would are you saying that you do express your emotions and have a ... * hugs dabbling , and pours more sherry while contemplating your post know thyself dabbling * hands you a glass of sherry i have seen this type of ' exhaustion ' from an intj , and over time this person developed some stamina in that regard . maybe the questions are : other than ... dabbling zamyatin made some great points . what if you looked at the idea of ' sharing a few things emotionally with your friend , as an experiment of sorts ? test the waters of this idea by ... sleepily listening to ' claire de lune ' next to the soft glow of my cherry blossom lamp ... absorbing the quietness as the day becomes but a silhouette on the horizon . know thyself dabbling in my experience , yes . if i understand your question correctly ... i am typically perceptive about what someone is ' feeling ' even thought they are not expressing it . i don't know if ... dabbling . poppax thanks for taking the time to respond . :) know thyself intjintn also , you might benefit from the insight of some of the intj's here who seem to have navigated relationships with infj's successfully i have gained lots of insights over on their ... i read the post where you replied to jbking above . how do you know the infj is finding you flawed ? do you ask her once you get the impression she is ? personally , i would love it if a guy asked ... intjintn hi , here are some of my perspectives . i think if an infj speaks proudly of slamming the door ( in a non abuse situation ) , it may be for this reason ... infj's are selective about ... hi fellow infj know thyself fepa bugs * drinks the last bit of vodka , turns on pandora and collapses until awakened by much snoring ... : shocked : know thyself : shocked : * looks at bottle ... vodka . ah that explains it ! know thyself * lights a candelabra , offers wine , then situates piano bench begins chopin nocturne in bflat minor , gets lost in the music and continues playing until all are happily sleepy :) bugs know ... yes . i play piano and sing . how about you ? fepa know thyself i mostly agree . in a serious relationship , slamming the door would come after i have tried everything to make it work but keep getting hurt etc . that door won't ever open again once it's closed .  ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MG_1mkWFH7Q random post as a result of being randomly inspired by this poignant version of chopin's waltz in c # minor . it sounds like you want a certain kind of closure or are not wanting to accept the reality of the situation . if i am misinterpreting here , my apology . i can tell you from experience , that ... well , i would maybe need a little more information to answer that accurately , but a question that comes to mind is is he giving you a ' non answer ? ' or is he dodging the question . are you asking ... i don't agree that it's always ' too late ' if an f perceives something as hurtful . i typically ' ask ' for clarification to make sure my perceptions are accurate . if said person was indeed intending ... http://img.tapatalk.com/d/14/06/17/re4eje5e.jpg intj version of a unicorn know thyself yay ! congrats ! ! know thyself '