' oh i really dislike tests like these ( even though i usually do quite well when it comes to shapes and logic and stuff ) . i find them about as entertaining as i would find reading a phone book to a ... so many things that i'd like to do; i get nothing done . wellsy atleow thanks a lot . :) i'd like to re-post some of the art i uploaded here some time ago because i've improved the colours etc . so i was wondering , how does one remove the thumbnails / pictures or even full comments ? is it ... i really liked iceland's entry , too bad it didn't get more points . conchita was my second favourite . the song fit the character well and i liked the way s / he was trying to have an impact of ... this has bothered me for closer to eight years now so i'd appreciate your thoughts on the matter : my cousin was once annoying me , i can't remember what it was exactly that she said , but it was ... it's odd / interesting how one just kind of has this feeling that s / he won't live to be old . i've had that kind of a feeling since primary school , but i naturally never tell my family of it , it's not ... some days this world really brings me down and i'll feel so tired , emotionally drained , like i were eighty . this may sound rather dramatic , but i think i'm going to die young , because i can't see my ... scotland ! and peru . hey gurl you hot i like u . get here and we can * * * i dont have money but udont either so were perfect for each other i will take care of u sorry . just wanted to give you a more authentic ... how did people cut their toe nails in the stone age ? allornuthin what an interesting experiment ! i got your advice too late , as i've already tried internet dating . literally minutes after i had created a profile , f . ex . this indian guy ( who apparently ... yeah , i might well be missing something , as i'm really not that familiar with the older episodes . i like the newer seasons though . o'cunningham is quite cute . : 3 you shouldn't write things like ... tater tot that comment tells more about the jerk who wrote it than it does of the person it's supposed to be describing - people like that commenter are the embodiment of everything that is wrong in ... well , if one doesn't count the three seasons when the doctor became a robot ( i hated those series , it was all very unbelievable and obviously propaganda by the grey party ) , i believe the doctor in my ... what type of writing and / or art do you do ? i write and draw / paint , but i'm most serious about my writing . i write stories and poetry ( and some stuff just for myself ) . i'm especially interested in ... synful interesting . thanks for answering . heh , i hope life won't do something similar to me for the way i sometimes pity thinkers and tend to find them rather boring . :D attic sorry , i only noticed your comment now . quite good , at least i understood all of it . ( istu ! silmät auki ! pese kädet ! suu auki ! pese hampaat ! jalka , toinen jalka . hyvä ! <- what on earth ... intriguing . what kind of differences have you noticed , if you don't mind me asking ? ever tried it ? why ? why not ? if you have tried it , how did you find the whole experience ? yes , i'd be interested . : 3 writing an essay . i'm not allowed to give you details , but trolls do have something to do with it all - they are infiltrating the internet even now as we speak . i'm sure you have encountered a few trolls in your life ... i'm very sorry , but there isn't . :( we do have some other cool technology , but there won't be another internet , or at least there isn't one yet . that's why i'm spending my time on the internet while ... doughnuts won't exist in 2090s due to you leaving england . please don't leave england . :/ bruce forsyth will still be around in 2090s , if you're interested in knowing . i just returned a horribly written 10 - page essay to my professor . it was utter crap . i might have as well send her a toilet roll with it . attic astralvagabond sorry it took me some time to answer . i've actually answered all your questions twice by now , but apparently i wasn't supposed to give you such detailed information and so the ... okay . bad news . my time machine still isn't working and i still can't get back home . :( don't get me wrong - it's nice to be in this time as i've always been interested in history , especially in ... i was very popular in elementary school ( 7-12 yo ) - i was voted to receive the smiling girl statue whenever there was a vote ( in the first and the sixth grade , that is ) and girls and boys both ... i've only ever really dealt with dogs and they've seemed to like me well enough . i don't know if i have a special connection with animals , but for some reason i seem to encounter wild animals more ... hello and welcome , hazendeuce ! i hope you'll enjoy your stay here . :) i've always liked learning and been quite curious , but when i was 13-15 yo , i certainly didn't like school . it was a horrible place . nicoloco 90 that depends on whether there's any emotion involved in my part . if i feel neutral towards the attractive person , i recognize that they're pleasing to the eye and i may even admire ... excellent first post . : 3 welcome to the forum . i wouldn't dream of calling anyone ugly due to their appearance . i like people who have some character in their appearance and i'd probably see pass any physical fault in a person's appearance if ... fully agree with this , would have written something similar hadn't you beaten me to it . exactly why i don't dare to drive . i can move the car around well enough , but due to daydreaming etc , i tend to bump into people when i'm walking so i don't dare to take a risk that i might drive ... xd a moustache would actually suit me . it makes me look like a pirate ( i consider that a good thing ) . pinkmatter hmm , it looks like there was quite a lot of misunderstanding going on in our posts . in my posts , i was only trying to present you with different point of views , with something to think ... i do wear makeup , but only when i feel like it . sometimes when i'm at home by myself , i like to draw myself a moustache with my eyebrow pencil just to see how it would look & how i would look if i ... it's not like i'd actually done something to earn the right to be an infp ( if one doesn't count the three asteroids i destroyed before i was born , but that's supposed to be an internation secret so i ... idealism never failed people this day has been lovely . i'm so happy . life is beautiful . being critical of existing theories & opinions and creating theories on one's own are not the same thing , though they're not exactly mutually exclusive either . to simplify a bit : one can't and i ... necrox some armchair psychology : perhaps you've been holding back some of the infp qualities and now that you're learning that those things are actually a part of you and that it's all fine , you're ... you could have just said in the first place that you're critical of what you're taught ( like most people try to be ) . i got the impression of your original comment that you would prefer to come up ... i didn't have imaginary friends - my mom says that i had too many play mates to have imaginary friends during the day - but i had three dream friends that visited me in my dreams every now and then ... why reinvent the wheel ? one should , of course , be critical of what they're taught , but in the long run it will be easier for you to come up with your own theories if you already know some useful ... teenage years . awkward years . miserable years . innocent years . so much lost potential . i spent a lot of time hiding when i was a teenager , sometimes in the store next to our school , sometimes in ... it appears that this is way bigger than i ever assumed . '