' got a ph . d . in computer science . now i enjoy working as a professor / comedian ( which is much easier than being just a comedian , as my students feel obligated to laugh at my jokes ) and a constantly ... i have an intp dad and an esfj mum . it seems quite a few entps have similar parents ;) the key to understanding my mum is that she is in a constant state of worry / fear - and those feelings are ... two fundamental things needed for maintaining civilization are cooperation and reciprocity . both require a bit of yielding to someone's feelings . even if you argue that you don't expect others to ... take this advice with a pinch of salt ( as i've only become good at flirting after getting married :) ): - try to avoid 1 on 1 flirting - that's stuff for pickup artists . instead , use your ... you'll find lots of good advice googling for developing good habits and breaking bad habits . most of the advice boils down to typical conditioning - reward / punish yourself , and making good ... warmth 3.1 drinking coffee stimulates you and improves your concentration . alcohol helps you relax and overcome social awkwardness . sugar gives you energy and makes you happy :) so it's all about ... filled it , interested to see the results hi ken 07 , thanks for sharing and welcome to the group :) as for the urges - don't try to slap the bear , instead tame it ! sexual urges are perfectly natural , the porn addiction isn't . try to learn ... watch this : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wSF82AwSDiU and this : philip zimbardo : the demise of guys ? | video on ted.com i recently discovered better off ted http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=blV61SAoqGQ radicalism 88.5 socialism 50 tenderness 43.75 these scores indicate that you are a progressive ; this is the political profile one might associate with a university professor . it appears that you ... i'm a big talker during movies . not in cinemas , but at home with friends , it greatly enhances the movie-watching experience for most of us . try to teach the material to someone else ( will force you to really understand it ) . motivate yourself with small rewards : ... being in a committed relationship does not rule out flirting if your other half is ok with it . it actually can be a great asset for flirting if you make it clear you're flirting in safe-mode ( i . e ... i see a lot of f parodies , what about the sj part of anti-entp ? http://0.tqn.com/d/personalorganizing/1/0/Z/6/-/-/tumblr_lkn4j2MlcZ1qcdwhoo1_500.jpg the greatest tv series ever - firefly ( topped off with the serenity movie ) . as for some less known tv series , i've recently discovered better off ted . ( office comedy about work in an evil ... there's no such thing as telekinesis . there is however a million dollars waiting for anyone able to demonstrate it : challenge application it can be a happy cry , yes ? most recently : brave classics that make me cry every time : the professional 5th element you can always find ways to amuse yourself :) http://media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/e0/d4/b7/e0d4b74375b9849fa602294ddf93ead1.jpg http://www.uniglobalunion.org/Apps/UNIPub.nsf/vwLkpById/A8858831B0A3D58FC12579A0004D8641/$FILE/PARENTAL%20LEAVE,%20CHILDCARE%20AND%20GENDER.PDF nordic model - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia in short summary : - very high taxes - high public expenditures on welfare , health and education - high individual freedoms and equality - low ... just google for mature entp this should find you a couple of old threads here . realistically , i'm a slightly left-leaning centrist / liberal . i like the scandinavian social-democracy model , though it could be improved in many ways . if i had to speculate about my dream ... some less direct or more humorous questions that come to mind : - we're going out with my friends this weekend , would you and your boyfriend like to join us ? ( if you start off assuming she has a ... aren't entp's one of the most charming and flirtatious types ? ( when we're not acting like smartass a-holes or trolls ) are you flirting and charming female coworkers ? ( maybe without even trying ) ... very true about myself . i can talk and analyze other people's problems for hours , but if i need to open up about something emotional myself it's extremely difficult ( unless i either do it jokingly or ... cool moody music from sweden ( recently used in a couple us tv shows and movies ): http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UXF9uHbAd9I http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jWFb5z3kUSQ write an article about it ? there are plenty of websites accepting material . e . g . : write for cracked.com | cracked.com few suggestions off the top of my head : webcomics : comics . often dirty . - nsfw fantasy humor :) erfworld - strategy gamer transported into a fantasy world run on game rules giant in the ... but you gain so much more by being able to lucid dream . even if you let go of total control , it's easy to build in some instinctive fail-safes . e . g . every time i die in a dream , the dream ... good lecture on dreams : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WmRGNunPj3c several functions of dreaming : - moving fresh memories to long term memory - analyzing new the memories and comparing them ... any room for innovative or creative thinking at your job ? if the task is mindless / repetitive and done on a computer it's highly probable it could be at least partially automated with macros , scripts ... sorry to burst your bubble , but yes , you're being a selfish dick . it's highly probable that you really are the smartest student in the class , but your obvious lack of respect when talking about other ... xkcd : debugger 68718 i got a ph . d . in computer science , i'm currently an assistant professor working towards full professorship ( and hopefully tenure ) . once i got sucked into the safe cocoon of academia , i couldn't ... while you can get most of the knowledge / skills you would get through college on your own , you'll have a hard time convincing others you have them . it's our nature to stereotype . how would you feel ... list of paradoxes - wikipedia , the free * * * villains - no , jerks - yes ( but we can work on that ) . the only pop-culture entp villains i can think of are the joker and the stereotypical mad scientist . there are however several popular entp ... i sometimes ( but rarely ) get teary eyed when watching strong emotional movie scenes , especially if there's good music involved . the ending to the professional with sting's shape of my heart ... speaking from similar experience ( my mum is an isfj , typical stressed out , overprotective , overworked nurturer and a devout catholic ) - always let your mum know you love her and care for her . a ... 1 . ) unethical morality is relative and ends justify the means . however , i try to strictly follow the golden rule , which seems to make me more ethical than most entps . 2 . ) joker life's a ... my thoughts went more along the lines that you as in your consciousness does not exist , but is an illusion formed in a very complex system that does exist physically . e . g . there is no orion's ... if you can prove that the i think is an illusion , it will follow that the i am is too . consciousness and free will are an emergent phenomenon from a ton of organic chemicals and electric charges ... a few from my own experience ( it's impossible to choose just one ): don't get fat - it's much easier to prevent weight gain than to lose weight ! don't try too hard to find a girlfriend in high ... i actually keep a collection of articles on this topic for when my kids grow up . cracked.com is a goldmine on this subject . here are some of the better ones : 5 pieces of advice every high ... economic left / right : -6.38 social libertarian / authoritarian : -1.85 so in wimpy country , on the border with the marxists some ideas : don't go directly to classical songs , learn some simple power-chord songs ( nirvana and offspring ) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cw4YeUq8ZtI learn a few simple blues scales ... i can't help but link the below video whenever lovecraft is mentioned : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v3gNQ2KYCb4 i've played a lot of rpgs and always hated sticking to the rules , especially ones that were silly and irrational . we've always introduced a lot of houserules that made the world more believable , ... '