' i also understand avoiding society . it really sucks , doesn't it ? people don't get it and then they build social systems based on somthing they didn't get in the first place ... but i prefer to take ... thanks for the post ! as i said , i have come a long way from where i started . i might have done some of these things in the past ( some people used to call me sheldon ... ) but , again , i believe it ... hey =) so , i have this intp friend who thinks i'm a savant . i have explained to him that my social awkwardness is due to my emotional block ( which i'm having terrific progress with , btw o ) and ... wow ! i had never thought about it this way ! in my perspective , i was seeing the potential of the person and always knew she could reach it ... your post has removed some burden =) as for hurting ... i get about 90 % . i suppose that's because of ni-ti ( which is exactely what original_jawz described above ) , which is a process of subjectively logical internal validation . now when it comes to actin ... indulge in abstraction ; write ; paint ; create in any sense ; question everything all the time , even if just for the sake of it ; reflect if your reflection was sufficient ; identify the limits of your ... i just had that with a relationship = . ( i'm ambidextrous but only realized i could use the left hand recently . now i'm beginning to do everything better with said hand ... weird exciting hard socio-scientific experiment well , as i previously stated , emotions are a way our organism has to tell us that something is going on . we don't feel cold unless it's cold ( that's the rule , everything else i . e . fever is an ... well , first i'm sorry about my tone on the previous post ... that's one behaviour i'm trying to weed out . i meant to say that , in general , it's not hard to fix any of these tests . i was agreeing ... i disagree . while , granted , emotions are fleeting , they are our response to the world . if things suck , we feel bad and so on . they can be misleading , but the solution is not to disregard them . we ... i think this brings us back to emotional energy and jungs ' libido . but on a more holistic view ( which i share ) , there are build ups and bursts , which can make us very yippie one day and depressive ... well , obviously . i'm sorry to burst your bubble , but of course anyone can do that . anyone who's read anything of or about machiavelli knows the stuff and can easily fix the result one way or another ... yes , i definately relate ! but it's really hard for me because i feel other people's energies very strongly . i also get more random vibes and such ... it's weird . on the good side i can sort of take ... i agree but i'd like to point out that it's a different process . infjs and isfps have a way of getting to the same conclusions ( or acting alike ) through different paths . you guys identify a social ... i definately relate . this is nife at it's best . we can adapt our behaviour to match other people's . we analyze and determine the best way each person can understand what we mean . we then change ... well , if you're looking for advice , here it goes : if it was me , i'd be honest to with the friend : i have feelings for her too , bro . and then go from there . any conversation you have before that ... i got 85 ! i'm pretty machiavellian in my behaviour , but i feel validated because my intentions are good . well , to me it's not really complicated . maybe because i worked it out long ago ... the first thing i do is validate my intuition . this process depends on the nature , level and depth of the gut ... pure fi . maybe too much fi . can't relate to anyone's feelings / needs / interests but yours . could very well be se . caring about looks could be fi . i'm not a speed thinker either . but i assume that's because of the natural infj congnitive process . i mean , we analize ( ni ) , relate ( fe ) , validate ( ti ) and then act upon it ( se ) . at least that's how ... i think all my interests are obcessions , lol . yes , this happens to me . and i can't feel better unless she does . it also happens with close friends . i feel exactly the same way . i always point out that that person looks like whoever and people reply no , they don't . then i might choose to roll my eyes or explain the whys and hows , at which ... not that i believe i'm predicting anything . what i'm saying is that this feeling - be it about something real or not - is something that , for me , the more you talk about , the stronger it is . it ... you know , us talking about this contributes to us feeling it . just saying =P this is one of my biggest problems . it affects me in college , in social life , wherever . i know i shoud do some things but i get lost in my head . i suppose this is because of the ni-ti loop so i do my ... yes , that's me . i'd like to elaborate , but i'll do it later . i'm also a proponent of the evolutionary perspective . intuition , as well as rational thinking , are byproducts of sensorialism and associative feeling . first we learn through our imediate senses and ... i kinda rely on friends and on my gf for that =) all behaviour can be learned . not that it sticks or that it's easy and such . but quite possible . i feel like i should elaborate . it's not as if until you have a job and stuff you can never be alone . i'm not assuming anything , so maybe you already do this . but just go somewhere else for a few ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QYLLFpNn4lM&feature=related go somewhere you can be alone . yeah , keep telling yourself that . i'm sorry but it's not as simple as pick one . i pick case by case analysis of merit . i am more inclined to mercy than most people , but that's because i generally understand several sides of a ... i have 3 mirrors in my bedroom . i'm a tad narcissistic - not in front of others - but ironically i consider myself ugly . that would be my low self-esteem though . but i consider myself a lot ... well if it's some sort of revolution , i'm already in ;) maybe you should try to make that clear : i'm not good with emotions and cannot provide that kind of support , but i can help you figure out what objectively is your problem and how to fix it . 1 - ... the problem is that the real power is neither in the white house nor in congress . real power = big money . big money controls the white house , congress and most of the judiciary in most countries ... that's a misconception . while in a speech a democract may indicate that , history shows that us foreign policy follows the same guidelines since the 50 ' s . for example , kennedy , clinton and obama ... hey , there aßbiscuits . welcome . i did the same as you , btw . i have like 100 posts on the intj forum . then i realized i didn't really have any te and was in fact misinterpreting ti . ni was a ... i just wanted to quote this because i agree and relate to it 100 % i found a little peace in rationalizing that i can't ignore new information or judgement . so i must always adapt my behaviour to ... there are a few layers to consider on this issue . on the layer of social maturity , a vote is simply one of the false liberties we , the slaves of capital , enjoy . in the end it doesn't mean crap ... anyone out there notice a significant shift is coming soon ? edit : nothing of the religious sort ; not the raditional ones any way . yes , i agree that it's more of a knowing hunch . but i have a perticular viewpoint as to how we have such hunches . further analysis ( ti ) indicates that they originate in the act of wondering why and ... j / p indicates a preference for extraverting either judgement or perception . therefore an intj , for example , will extravert his judgement : te . since they're intraverts , the dominant function will be ... once i stopped thinking about it as judging and perceiving and started to discern between functional dynamics the whole deal became much clearer . if you take infj and infp for example , ni fe is a ... let's see : you assume that it's broken , not why . also , you need to validate your assumption . this is an example of dominant ti . you're now postulating about the circumstances around the ... '