' i find entps much more charming than enfps . i'd be more likely to use words like authentic , warm , fun , zanyu 200b to describe us . the entps i know are all 7s . many enfps are 7s , but many are also 2s and 4s . any types that are known for not enjoying making out ? please tell me , so i can avoid them . meh . i don't think the right word for enfps is exciting . maybe , intense , authentic , or interesting . i'd say that sps , especially estps , are waaay more exciting ... yes ! we enfps tend to not be very good about routine but it's important to practice good sleep hygiene which is basically sticking to a routine at bedtime . eg . turn off cell phone , tablets , ... i see more infps who're addicted to sadness . yes , i'm sad at times but it's not an addiction . not particularly . infp . i find infps have a dreamy , slightly melancholy air to them , even if they're happy people . michelle has always had this way about her , even pre-heath . thanks ! i know this might feel boastful to some , like i'm asking you to list off accomplishments but i guess i'm trying to better understand some of these adjectives that are thrown around , to ... okay ... well ... no one seems to want to give examples so i'll start . examples of me being a real-life warm enfp ? giving a plate of home-made , from-scratch cookies to the guys who take my trash if ... i don't mind wearing pants . i have super-comfy pants that i wear around the house ( cozy old sweats , for example ) but they're pants nevertheless so no-pants thing doesn't apply to all enfps . i love to sleep naked but do it less often now that i'm a mother ; often have to get up in the middle of the night to check on my child , etc . i have really high-quality sheets that feel great against ... 1 . nope . i debated on a team in high school but in real life , i hate it . 2 . i had strong values and opinions when it came to politics , but was more just grossed out by my fellow teens who thought ... another reason this section mightn't be too interesting for you is because the age here skews young . like , really young . 17 years-old-ish . which is not to say that young fry cannot be charming and ... me ? not really . honestly , i'm only ever romantically entranced by other intuitives . i haven't been n this site for , literally , years and i'm glad to read that you successfully earned your degree and are now on your way to an inspiring career . please tell us more about this schools ... from 16personalities.com : long-distance relationships are quite common among enfps , as they view physical distance as just another idea , no match for concepts like love . this gives them the chance ... i've loved a few entps back in my day : tongue : they love to argue and debate and challenge ' til the cows come home . me ? i have strong convictions but don't care to debate them ; it feels too much ... yes . as enfps , we find it relatively easy to charm and manipulate people since we are generally warm , articulate and read others well . i used to be able to get my way and be fairly popular too ... at personalitypage.com , enfps are described as warm , enthusiastic people , typically very bright and full of potential . i'm particularly interested in exploring these warm and bright traits .   ... take do what you are out of your local library . changed my life . one of the problems with sites like this one is that we tend to answer every question with type-based responses , whereas most interpersonal issues are probably based more on things like , are the ... i read that prince albert of monaco is infp . i haven't seen enough of him to be able to tell ... charlotte casiraghi of monaco : my guess is infj . she studied philosophy at university . world-class equestrienne . had a child with gad elmaleh ( very famous actor / comedian in france : sometimes called ... the { } and this is such enfp porn ! ! ! what types do you think everyone is ? check out the book , do what you are , from the local library . it breaks down careers by mbti type and also explains the kind of work that various types find most rewarding and why . i found it ... okay - the deafening silence tells me that i should add some more information . here's a piece about her from newsweek , about 2 years ago : ... this former newsreader , now queen of spain , seems very enfj to me . do you feel like she's one of yours ? i am really very curious about her type . she was always able to wind men around her little finger - eric clapton was crazy about her but she dumped him for mick jagger and has been with countless ... interesting . so , how do you & your wife forge a life together when there is a lack of understanding that cannot be remedied ? enfps have a desire ~ maybe even a need ~ for authentic , profound closeness . most people , no matter how deep they might think they are , cannot provide the level of connection that we require . your ... thanks . i'm happy to report that i haven't suffered from depression for well over a year , now . i took a low dose of zoloft and it seemed to help . prince philip is definitely an st ... i suspect an istp . i agree with tridentus 100 % ... ( and yes , red lobster rocks ) . another point : for enfps , showing sincere gratitude is a key value . your girl was truly grateful and expressed it , and you ( albeit ... i've never heard of a book entirely about enfps . livia giuggioli firth ( colin firth's wife ) - film producer and ( sometimes ) environmentalist ( founded the green carpet challenge but also enjoys luxury lifestyle that comes along with being a-lister's ... princess stephanie of monaco : istp ( but also a troubled person , which has nothing to do with her type ) welcome , cm . i'm a mid - 40s enfp and do a little bit of many things and a lot of nothing ... or what some might consider to be nothing . i used to feel bad about it but now i am so grateful to have ... of course i want a partner who is on my side , and i am on his , and we are pulling in the same direction . duh ! ;) a complete opposite ~ like an istj : no no no no thank you . but someone ... i couldn't believe how accurate some of the details were . things like , they're wired to look for connections in the external world , and so may mentally put things together more easily than ... i based my extroversion on reading the enfp description . as much as i wished i were an entj , there was no mistaking the fit of enfp with me . i do . ns seem interested but i see sensors ' eyes glaze over . lol . i don't think any type is more likely to suffer from or more likely to be immune to anxiety than any other . it's like suggesting that any one type is more likely to get cancer or be bi-polar ... when i was in my early 20s , i would dream about splurging on certain luxury items / experiences : a chanel jacket ; staying in 5 * hotels , eating out 4 nights / week ; buying fresh flowers whenever i feel ... could you guys pls give some examples , to help me better understand what kind of cues you miss and under which circumstances ? thx . off the top of my head , few diet & exercise things that have appealed to my enfp-ness have included : 1 . the free podcast , couch to 5k which uses interval running & walking to get a person to ... juan-antonio : isfp christina : isfp maria elena : esfp vicky : infj doug : estj generally , when i meet other enfps in person , i'm annoyed by them . i see too many of the characteristics i don't like in myself , in them . charlotte casiraghi , princess of monaco no , thanks . don't most good couples provide at least a bit of balancing for each other ? '