' yea , that's right , i didn't think so ... ok but you need to understand that 0 rulers would equate every man for himself . what of the notion of public servants rather than rulers ? it seems it would be more logical to remove the money and ... but how can you say that with such certainty ? where are the examples of success ? i do understand your point but it seems bleak . you are advocating every man for himself rather than attempting ... i think we are debating the same stance . yet you keep interjecting things i have not said and then introducing a counterpoint to it . its like you are debating yourself . i have never said that ... lol wut ? ! do i really have to list all of humanities accomplishments since the 1700 ' s ? ! really ? you might want to compare the percentage of daughters that have been murdered today vs the amount ... and what have i ever said that led you to believe that i want the psychopaths to have any power ? most of the population maintains some form of morality this is what i said . each word ... lets be clear , there is nothing passive about my aggression guy . if you have anything to add besides ad hominem and a weak analogy , then please do present it . otherwise stay off the tracks when the ... yea guy that's kind of how progression works . it starts with idle hands . you see as early man first started fashioning rudimentary tools , it made their lives just a little bit easier and gave them ... so you are on team lion then ? i believe that i said most are not psychopaths . yea its funny how its all connected right ? context is so key . this doesn't follow , the bureaucrats in power are funded by the rich . and just as those in government are power mad psychopaths , the rich are money mad psychopaths . this more than anything limits ... you may not be aware of this , but making on to your ignore list is a badge of honor to everyone on it . the existence of social programs does not mean that our economy is based on social economics ... so if the corporations are profiting from racism then wouldn't it follow that they would be ... yes this a side effect of living in a society . your welcome to go live in a cave like tucken . or perhaps like the lion on the savannah . yes the poor are outsmarting and out profiting the ... scenic route engaging script well acted multiple plot twists streaming on netflix followed by areally dishonest and 100 % emotional & selfish statement : diseased thought process is diseased . yes we must all act now if we are going to reverse the obvious oppression of white males that has gone on since the beginning of recorded history . im sure it didn't take long . those right wing propaganda sites are all connected . • women in some cases make more than men . i lol'd at this one . omg who the fuck let this happen ? yea he does that a lot . its kind of like his thing . miss rand ... lol ... grrrg ... oh i just threw up in my mouth a little bit ... and i would say the overwhelming majority of analogies used fall into this category . there may be exceptions but they are few and far between . why not use pure logic to demonstrate inconsistencies ? the nature of the inconsistencies may vary between the analogies , thusly rendering them incongruent . the typical analogy user tends to use a to establish a connection based on feeling rather than reason , and then apply the same feeling to b even if the circumstances differ . yes , why apply reason when an emotional connection is so much simpler ? accepting logical fallacy is now the new logic . 99.9 % get it so fuck ad populum . if the factors in both a and b are equal , then your analogy may hold water . otherwise it is just a fallacious short cut . why then not use the effort to convey an actual understanding , rather ... i would agree with this however it does not in any way represent the analogy i was referring to . well unfortunately 99.99 % of the pop at large do it wrong . analogies are typically used in place of sound reasoning in two ways : 1 . the analogy used is confirming bias using two scenarios that rarely if ever are apples to apples . 2 . the analogy is used ... i don't know where you get your information from , however atheism is on the rise but still dwarfed compared to those who believe in god . the second half of your post is completely irrelevant to ... lol analogies are nothing more than a lazy thought process to begin with and this one might be the worst ive ever seen . its irony is probably lost on both the poster and yourself . and then your ... and from the ridiculously bad analogy department ... chuck norris would eat him for lunch ... did anyone else think that the final episode of season 1 was a letdown ? your right , it was not the plan of god , but rather the plan for god . if it is the priority for most churches now then it stands to reason that it was the priority for the men who started this ... damnit , now i am going to have to back to mixing my instant mashed potatoes with paint thinner ... i recently bought a house and i discovered that the government had installed a series of pipes that pump it into the house . should i be concerned ? i have been showering in it and washing my clothes ... i will quote the terminator here : dr . silberman : [ he shuts off the vcr screen on which the police and sarah have been watching the interview ] this is great stuff . i could make a career out of ... two words : blade runner wait ? what ? did i just stumble into the esfj forum by accident ? might as well call it freezer burn christian rock is an oxymoron ... given that all the sects of christianity cannot agree on how to interpret the apostles teachings , and the fact that the teachings have been told and re-told , translated and re-translated for over ... the main priority of the church is aquiring and maintaining their customer base . what they write in their texts is what their customer base wants to hear to justify them making the decision to become ... so be it . im not saying you spun it . im saying they spun it and you bought it . evidently you missed this part of your article : so if the church covered it up for the sake of the worshippers , then why did they put these priests back into circulation again ? they could have given these offenders desk jobs away from children so ... so then why did the church re-assign these pedophiles to other parishes but not limit their exposure to children and in many cases the abuse continued ? this is clear evidence that the churches first ... i would love a serious answer . although im sure the answer to the priest question will be the age old cop-out mans will . but i would love to hear an answer on the contraception question because i ... by social justice and social movements do you mean hiding child molesting priests and attempting to abolish contraception in favor of abstinence ? howd that work out ? do you remeber what your life was like before you were born ? its exactly like that . you do realize that the entire point of your post is also merely a claim and there is not sufficient knowledge available to confirm or disconfirm your premise ? i could start a thread supposing ... '