' i can't reasonably validate or contradict the effort you made to challenge me here , because i don't feel the same as i had regarding this 4 years ago . you made a piquing point on how a cognitive bias ... i do not want more incidents the likes of which was seen on pink flamingo . cock never stood a chance ... stevie snakes ? how droll ... patriarchy means take off your bra . just sayin ' . on second thought , let's not do this . this is turning into derail territory . a guy like jensen ackles i'd be more than willing to try for , and i'd go out of my way to make nice with rhonda rousey . i admire their dispositions despite how obviously they compensate . besides , i ... gimme an 8 is my input . it's my umbrella term for how people decide how they will make an impression on another to achieve a goal , such as cooperation . always from person to person . this is imperative for feeling because ... when we make jokes what makes them , and therefore ni , funny ? normally ne is thought of as having such an ability . seems like humor is thinking of comparisons one might not expect . i find my intuition ... you're right . infj , 4w3 . he has high self-esteem , and lacks conventional shame which looks worse when people try to make him feel it and fail to . i can't agree it's unhealthy because his condition ... yeah , they may share a tri-type 7 . one major bond could be the core head triad experience . for the most part the guys ' attitudes are highly skill-focused . heads use self-control / skill to hide their ... * bawls eyes out * yo ' momma ? personally , no . i think 5s try to know themselves really well to make up for fearing that they don't know themselves so well . their identities , or inner-selves , involve an accurate sense of their ... i say entp . he tends to keep his responses basically straightforward without going so in depth with specific , personal details that take extra thought like an introvert would . he answers using a ... infj , 6w7 .   ... infj , 6w7 . hm .. that's peculiar . sal : enfp , 9w8 - 4w5 - 6w7 , maybe sp / sx . he's most prone to being annoyed by the others . so like a 9 . murr : infp , 6w7 - 9w8 * - 4w3 , so / sp . q : estp , 7w8 - 8w9 * - 3w4 , so / sx . joe : esfp , 7w6 - 9w1 * - 3w4 , so / sx . ... i mostly watched for rob . infp , 4w3 -6-9 it follows . entertaining ? quite . it was an effective enough suspense flick , but i wasn't begging for more . counter-phobic 6s look like who now ... ? 8s ? they really don't . typically if i have a difficult time interpreting someone's enneagram fears , it's because i need to go back to my notes . sometimes 4s ... firstly , i think you're a feeler . your language indicates self and what self can impress on others . secondly , the difference of t and f below ... you know what it's like to determine information ... english and grammar , but at 11 or so i had a gemologist phase . science never occurred to me intuitively , so i didn't pursue it . my ' ni ' sorta lived 3/4 my lifetime in a conventionally mechanical fog ... people that have no intuitive sense of balance have a harder time getting along with others .   . is infj a legitimate personality or a way cognition comprehends its surroundings ? so , ... normal . people typically desire to share beliefs . the prolonged nurturing of this is a relationship . do you crave it in a way you feel is unusual that led you to ask ? beyond basic , colloquial uses i don't excel at them . i doubt infjs having above average skill at using metaphors is truthful . i do know we can defer to it , which people normally do . i specifically ... the conclusions i come to are this damned song https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LAHvzXMRIA0 supermarket line ; nothing works getting off a plane ; nothing works roommates and plates ; nothing ... i need protection from things that go on around me . my infj model mostly saves me too late . afterwards i sharpen my intentions , again and again , because i actually can't rely on it to be on time , as ... oh , that's fun . there are three degrees to my personality , and my reactions to anything against me depend on which is in the driver's seat . the first degree can be paralyzed by the criticism and ... question : are we discussing the rationale of determining how to get what you want , or the rationale of purely logical thinking ? if we are discussing the first point , then note that thinking of ... compatibility in coping style is ideal . i'd prefer a cynic . more generally , i'd have to really want something this person possesses . if in addition the person doesn't bore my senses to death , ... derisive conversations about people being people , mortality , instrumentality , escapism . anything else then i'm probably faking it . cognitively and emotionally it's based on some arbitrary archetype , or cultural representation . like good and evil people create symbols from which pleasure and pain originate , symbols possessing ... certain events and instances just stick with you because there's something overlying them that isn't known or talked about by general people . anytime you sense that something's nature is being ... sure you don't already want it for how honorably you express your guilt ? you're not a horrible person for leaving that cart astray in targét's parking lot . we know you better ... world peace ! ! infjs are neither generally people smart nor innately better able than many to read people . people reading is like a test : you get out what you put in . you don't get cheats by having a certain ... spike would sooo run from soul-sucking debt , especially if it wasn't his to begin with . i definitely would . didn't spike abandon the syndicate ? remember that faye had to adjust to a new lifestyle to ... he wasn't asked to define himself . there's no evidence here with which to determine his introversion or extraversion . we're to make educated guesses of his thoughts based on his reasoning and his ... i only can't go with spike and julia . all else is fine to me . first point , no-one's logic engages every idea . how , then , do you tell spike apart from everyone else ? second , are you suggesting ... on second thought , yes , entp for ed . that's more appropriate than enfp after all . i only remember sheldon's name , so lucky coincidence . it's amusing how the nerd , jock , prep naming is done . shamika is what is called a black girl name . popular in the south-eastern states . i ... don't want to say that's normal , no . even for 4s , and we're alike with 4 , wing and instinct . you experience a trauma at some point ? haha maybe intp for a leonard , esfp for a shamika , ash gets enfp , and infp for moon unit zappa . types have different ways of thinking , and pay attention to different qualities of others ' feedback . they'll ridicule the trespass they pride themselves most on knowing . t and f doms will ... yeah , for mbti , enneagram and variants . it passes time , builds my functional system of people's usefulnesses , identifies if my experience of someone is unprecedented from ones before , and presents ... those letters are preferences which the leanings have in common . they're vital in telling leanings apart , which you must know before effectively typing . being stuck in the past can certainly ... despite how you feel you compare to him , how do you relate , as intp , to how i described him as intp ? i returned to reread that first post . i compiled an analysis if you wish to know my opinion ... sensation relates prior experiences , particularly [ dis ] pleasure , to new experiences . thinking integrates consistencies of general objects in order to establish a sense of order or meaning . spike ... spike seems estp . i used to think he was an introvert , but whenever he speaks he doesn't have introverted things to divulge . he's more of the ' it is what it is ' type . he relishes in his surroundings ... yeah , enfp . she's into how concepts compare to others ( n ) , these concepts are very suggestive of ' face value ( extraversion ) , ' she idealizes / reinvents mannerisms , or doesn't approach them as appearing ... first guess is intp . second is infp . i figured t or f dominance because he typically concentrates on topics involving how things around him , and their concepts , function . to determine why people ... nope . i'm good . the rules don't change before or after the first affection . if you don't go for it , step aside . yet , it can play into your hands if some people prefer to chase the shy type . what's the worst that can ... '