' i would date anyone that was as interested in me as much as i was them . any conditions created by anyone but her and me , personality type , zodiac sign , or 1-900- luv test better stay out of my way . i like deeper thoughts about politics . i would / rant with you guys but the thread is gonna take a major beating if i do . 1 . what is your sexual orientation ? i like some girls . i don't like some others . 2 . do you regularly do drugs ? ( for the purposes of this survey , i'll include alcohol . ) maybe . not in several ... i don't remember having an experience like this , or maybe i did once long ago and now it is my natural state of self ? i need more info , but usually just taking everything in with a grain of salt ... liberalist industrialist pacifist ( really wanted to put art here but decided it's hard to see art w / o a good perspective . ) a passive liberal industrialist . what a breakthrough moment ; now i ... if there is an open bar then i'm there . i thought this thread would be about people trying to emotionally manipulate me . it gets old real quick . if i had a dime for every time i heard , you don't care about anybody . kinda true maybe . ... thread topics like this don't get many responses as these things can be held against someone . i have drank with politicians and smoked weed with hs teachers . they wouldn't touch a subject like this ... it's more like a closet with random crap just thrown in there and dirty laundry falling out when you open the door . but the room looks nice when company comes by . i don't ask for much . i just need enough money to retire , live by the beach for atmosphere , and then do my best hunter s . thompson impersonation every day . the guy should go out of his comfort zone and tell her he is not interested in a romantic relationship . he should stop receiving her signals and push them away when she throws them . it may not ... looks like an intj strokefest in front of a bookcase ; one placed in the middle to give weight to perception . i would have concerned myself with the journey out of there before they bored me to ... i kinda like those temp service jobs . you just tell them your experience and what you can do ( time wise and capabilities ) , then they do all the work of finding an employer . but whatever works is ... too bright ; hurts my late night posting eyeballs . feels more serious businessey ; but w / o the money aspect . still not going to sit up straight . i defy you cafebot ! the autosave is like a prod to ... that's the way i see it . the answer i came up with = i don't . wearing the black sheep outfit doesn't bother me at all . it rarely concerns me unless it affects my job in some way . i like to just lay it out there for them and be myself . people are different . i understand that , and if they can't then they likely have some growing to do . i used to tell my rude customers all the time , i'm gonna be honest with you . this isn't taco bell or some shit , the customer is not always right in this place and that was usually followed by , ... i don't know the person , and i don't understand much about palm reading . but i do believe in cold reading - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia . i like the subconscious part in the wiki , and it is ... i'm going through some stuff like this with my brother and meth . he makes pretty good money , so that makes it harder to tell him what he does is wrong . my mom is not a strong person in some ways . ... sounds like a bad environment for you , and a great time to find a better one . see if you can get back to them next week before it happens and say , i found a better place to work . that's the ... when i was 8-12 or so , for years my best friend called my brandon . he talked kinda funny , and i just thought he couldn't pronounce my name . one day he just turned to me and said , is your name ... my first name is brenton , but i may have been called every name in the book at one point or another . i'm gonna help you out just like i help my brother . your an idiot . save the wanna-be intellectualism for your teachers ; your logic already show your iq . you like to emulate people ? go emulate ... are you trying to troll me ? are you're feeling hurt my my beliefs or something ? hey , i'm not the one trying to emulate other men . this pua crap makes me want to puke . my little brother was into it ; i'm ashamed to say . always spending hours in front of a mirror and wearing circus clown looking clothes to get attention . i ... worry about making money and the problem solves itself . if you start making real money , then you can watch how the times you get called weird by the opposite sex decreases and how their interest ... ever see the color purple ? my favorite part is where danny glover wants to own a nightclub , so he just builds one at the back of his property . now that would be the shit . i do have a 160 acre ... it helps me all the time ; i'm usually the grown-up in most conversations with people older and younger . most people don't want to know what i feel . they rarely want to know what i really think . the japanese autoworkers are union , get paid and treated better , and their companies outsource far less than the us versions . i heard many times at ford that a big difference between japan and us ... i hear a lot about how abusive unions are , and strong words like rape and pillage are used often against unions . never seen a rape or a pillage while working , never read one story about a union that ... yea but i would also add in a ' shittyness of the job ' factor . starting at 20 bucks an hr , with full pay at 30 or so , full benefits for you and your family , and all the overtime you could want - ... na nothing like that really hehe . we were blue collar union , and you would get many chances to mess up before it came to that . once an older coworker of mine was fighting with his wife , and he got ... i see it like simple small town politics . the mayor's son in my town may get away with murder , but that doesn't have anything to do with the town ten miles down the road or how that town conducts ... i worked as a welder on the assembly line at ford motor company for seven or eight years . we got bonuses like these every year the company did well , and we were very good at doing well . profit ... ever dealt with somebody trying hard to explain themselves , and yes you may relate completely to them , but sadly they are lacking the intellectual capacity to project or apply the ability of ... national political and news forums . usually remaining outspoken and dealing with crowds much meaner and less intelligent than perc members . fighting da good fight always ~ ~ ~ it is an acknowledgement to the idea that everything has been said and done before . years ago i posted heavily on my local city's newspaper site . the same incorrect and loosely fact holding ... some time back i started looking at random sex as an addiction . a basic primal one that people are born with . it was an addiction for me . now i control my sex drive ; it rarely controls me . waking ... structure and self control . self control kinda falls under structure . so where i live means everyone is a liar ? that doesn't make much sense . do you know many practicing christians ? do they seem like they are pro-porn when they year after year push legislation to ... my relatives under 40 ? i'm the only single one of my cousins left and one of the few non-hardcore christian ones . only one brother still single . he's a 33 year old estp that does like porn , but he ... everybody keeps talking about all guys like porn or something . i don't like porn . i can't think of any male relatives i have over 40 who like porn . i used to spend tons on my comp but gave that up some years ago . now i run a frankenstein of all those comps , vista , and the cheapest parts off newegg when i absolutely need them . pc all the way . ... i don't like being called any names beyond the ones i post under and the one on my drivers license . fun post roguewave . the way you described the limitations of stereotyping w / o going all academic-like was great . what a roller coaster . i laughed , i contemplated , i was inspired to change my ... i have always viewed psychology that focuses on thoughts and the mind as currently being in a more soft science form . physics , chemistry , math ; things of this nature can use the scientific method to ... lazy is just another word for the purpose of manipulation . it is often used when you are not doing what others believe you should be doing . perfectionism can lead to procrastination . being able to settle for less than 100 % is a skill . politics i find to be one of the most interesting things . family , workplace , local , state , federal , global ; all of it gives me real world situations to digest . '