' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3H2l9Lo-jPk where would you live ? i could picture myself living most places , especially smaller cities ( that feel big ) but maybe more condensed than phoenix . like i can't picture myself in la or nyc very ... i am vegan , have been vegetarian for 6-7 years now and loving it ! i looove food , i feel more comfortable eating yummy vegan food , but yeah it doesn't stop this foodie from trying new things ! i ... it's funny , because for the longest time growing up , i was the rebellious , fuck waiting ' till marriage , it's probably gonna happen in a college dorm sometime unexpectedly . and now that i am at this ... sometimes existentialist crises brought on by eight year olds stay with you longer than you'd expect . : unsure : pleasant surprises ftw . otherwise , gtfo . need time to process . : bored : once i warm up to people and i feel comfortable around them , i actively get in the conversation and have my own things to say . be it a one-liner or a whole new topic . though it may seem like not ... lmao ! all the time ! which is why i like being one of the quiet people in classes . among my friends i either a ) don't even bother , b ) just go with it , and whatever happens c ) friends wait patiently ... i wholeheartedly agree . the decade before the 60 ' s for me would be hell ... mccarthyism and paranoia . it's fine to think about the romantic vibe about it but i'm a bit more politically inclined so ... i've lived in europe and i have this flaming bias for all things european . this is rare and strange in these parts ( phoenix , az ) and it weirds people out , particularly my extended family . ( along with ... growing up i used to be like this to the power of 10 . i was quite an emotional child , and only when i was alone because i developed to dislike showing my feelings around others . i had two older ... obedience , for sure . to a degree . it's definitely cool to step out of the line sometimes . viva la resistance ! :p roud : not at first , since i'm usually reserved and stuff . but after i while i let my guard down and people are like wut you're supposed to be all shy and blushy and stuff y u at the naughty penis book ... blah , yes , and usually the outgoing douchebags that want to get to know me ( read : stereotype me ) as soon as possible with as little effort as possible . it's always the weird , eccentric but really ... i don't usually hate guests in my house , particularly not family that i enjoy the company of , but a lot of it has to do with strangers and the vibes they give off and how it makes me feel since it's ... in a lot of the quick tests i come up as an enfp ... but the longer ones i am an infp . i mostly agree with the latter . you're so cute . you are just so awesome . you're such a great friend . why are you such a nice person ? ( usually when i'm being a pushover and reply i dunno u tell me ! ~ ) good point ... i got a 80 % extrovert preference . i think of myself as a 50/50 , though , it really depends on the person . noo , never . don't think that way , you guys . i just wanna hug you all better ( if only it were that easy ) . keep holding on , sometimes it gets worse before it gets better again . i always keep this ... the present tense by thom yorke ( of radiohead ) is a good one for me . it's been played only once , ever , about a year ago at a festival . this song has resonated with me for the past year or so ... it's ... these two interviews always remind me why i love that man so much . not only am i partial to him as a musician , but he's basically the older , male version of me , in terms of fidgeting and going off on ... yeah i'm pretty calm and chill most of the time . when i do get upset , like seriously upset , it only lasts a relatively short while ( though depending on the situation ) because then i feel exhausted ... virgo with capricorn ascendant . virgos and pisces are otp . :p roud : jeez , every time i come on here i feel like i read about yet another thing that i thought was uniquely strange about me . and not saying this in a bad way - - on the contrary : yay , i'm not alone you ... i . drink . your . milkshake ! ! : angry : from there will be blood <3 oh wow , i've actually been going through that my whole life . particularly when i was younger , my friends , even casual acquaintances would just come over and spill their souls out . and i'm very ... haha oopsie . upon further investigation , i'm just a 9 . i don't really have a wing since w1 or w8 don't really fit . so yeah . but in a perfect world i would be 9w4 : laughing : thanks for catching that ! 9w4 represent . i have a really great entj friend who reads me like a book . at first i thought he was the complete opposite of me , but then we started talking as we had similar interests in stuff . and by talking i ... haha , thanks . it's good to be reassured in these things . :p roud : so i guess most of us infp gals get along with our male counterparts the best . i love how open minded we are , in general . it's a good ... youtube - 40 day dream by edward sharpe and the magnetic zeros i'm a big music fan , and the ' alejandro ' video one of my favorite music videos of all time . it's has a deeper theme than you'd think , especially for the genre , which weird nerds like me really ... i have a classy retro taste in clothes . i do quite like fashion , as it helps acquaintances to get to know you a little better or it says something about you to people you'll never see again . so i try ... i hang out with mostly guys , and i though i dress appropriate for my gender , i usually feel very androgynous inside . i'm very much like my guys friends with how i hate drama , i'm a lot more ... yeah , i do quick , casual touches to people i'm comfortable with to get their attention or reassure them or something.though i don't really go out of my way to give hugs , but i always welcome them ! i ... ahh ! i thought i was the only one ! i swear , i made up a personality for every digit 1-10 when i was like 4 or 5 . i'm terrible at math though so that obviously didn't help anything . and it's just ... i've had a xanga account since middle school . that's my personal one and i don't think i'll ever let go of it : tongue : but i have a tumblr . warning in advanced , i have a slight obsession with ... personal ~ * name - corrine , female location - phoenix , az , usa . home of cacti and awesomely boiling hot summers . if you could get up and go anywhere in the world at the present moment , ... '