' no , unless its completely destroyed , too much money to be throwing pots and pans away all the time 0 . o even though my boyfriend is one , i can find istps to be intimidating . although they are very chill a lot of the time , you don't want to be on the wrong side of one . i still love him though and he ... https://youtu.be/ab1se0dkeCU have a look at this lil pupper ! 711826 this is my desktop background atm : > its hit and miss with me , there are some cute kids that i am completely fine with who i will give the time and day for ( after all i was a kid once ) but then there are some devil children out there ... aww why thank you so much ! you guys are so sweet : > ! i dunno , i mean as an enfp myself i can be very future thinking and get excited for plans in the future ( already thinking about organizing a holiday for next year now and i always ask my boyfriend ... i'm going to be narcissistic again and post another pic ; . ; 701442 7003 30 700338 7003 46 700354 more pics of me : > infp my avatar is a pixel art of me that i got commissioned by one of my fav pixel artists ! so its just a bunch of cute stuff together and i feel like it represents me tbh : > you're cute ! i guess i'll be brave now : s 699442 6991 70 another pic of my istp boyfriend : > wow your old room looks amazing ! i can see you have a josephine wall picture there too ! i get very strong nf vibes from this , it kinda reminds me of my infj friends room ! 697858 6978 42 i'm working so im in my basic clothes today . esfp i think : s ( if not esfj ) 697826 i'm getting strong ixtp vibes from this one probably istp ( could also be estp too ! ) tis my room : > 696273 6962 81 696289 6962 97 696305 i'm going to go with infj i think . 696265 enfp and long ! i'm trying to grow in longer ( its up to my chest atm ) intp ! i'm really sorry for your loss too . and absolutely , it sounds like you were in some pretty toxic relationship there , its definitely the last thing you need after having someone close to you pass . if ... i'm really sorry you have had a crappy time with some enfps . i know i am an enfp , but apparently my brother and sister are enfps too and they drive me up the wall . i'm not perfect but i try my best ... enfp and i will be studying illustration in september ! 689057 picture of my istp boyfriend : > i have more or less had my hair long ( shortest i have had it was up to my shoulders ) its currently sitting just above my chest and i plan on growing it longer ! my hair is also naturally straight ! i do a decent amount of make up . i wear make up on average about 6 days a week i like to take one day off on the weekend as i'm either doing nothing and i like to let my skin breathe . however , i wear ... i've tried to reach out to some friends that i was very close to ( they went off to uni ) tried messaging them on and off since the past year , talked to them occasionally over message but i give up ... 1 . “ i hate the stereotype that enfps are shallow flirts ! enfps are known for not following through in relationships , but i ’ ve never been in a relationship because i don ’ t want to be with someone i ’ m ... i think he might have done a bit ago but i might get him to do it again this weekend ! : > i know this sounds stupid but why is he so lovey dovey with me then ? nearly all the other istps on this forum are very opposed to romance ? just wondering why this is the case ? ? 0 . o when me and my boyfriend started watching ' tanaka-kun is always listless ' i very much thought the character miyano was verrry enfp , she reminded me so much of myself xd omg i get this ! i like to be perceived as a certain image , like just yesterday and the week before that i was told i had a ' feisty ' personality and i was like ummm no i don't . i really don't want ... i asked him and he said both xd ahh ! that's what i forgot to mention ! i would say he is introverted . when i first met him he was quiet and reserved but he did quickly warm up to me , i caught his interest quite obviously . thinking ... hi there ! my boyfriend may be an istp yet i have my doubts , i will first try and list off his istp like qualities - he's very adventurous : he wants to travel the world and is always wanting some ... danny sexbang ? there are aspects of christmas that make me feel all whimsical and warm inside . however there a some little aspects of christmas that can make me just go meh over it . its honestly depending on ... just how it came out i suppose , i used a lot of photoshop for this piece xd 614834 one of my fmp works : > hello there fellow enfp ! welcome ! : > i think i am , i just don't want to say i am and it turns out im not ? : s it sounds like he's been hurt a lot here but the chances are he does still have feelings for you he is just really hurt by what was said / done . i would just give him space honestly , he most likely ... its what i've heard from the grapevine . i would also say i would be an example of such as i can just seem / feel quite shy and want to be on my own from time to time , yet i am definitely an extrovert ... yeah essentially ! enfps tend to be the most ' introverted of the extroverts ' so a lot of the time they tend to get mistaken to be infps a lot ! okay , going by that comment and the other comments on this thread , i think i'm going to have to also agree for the moment and type him as a esfp ! this one is a bit of a shot in the dark , but can he sometimes seem a bit introverted at times ? like will he take moments to have time by himself ? i mean , i tend to wear a lot of pastels ( mainly pink and white ) and girly cute things but i will wear different things but in my own style , idk : s i say sorry a lot , i even say sorry when i shouldn't . i suppose it has become a habit of mine 0 . o ohmigoodness why thank you so much ! ! ! o / / / o hi there ! honestly i can say i am some what like this atm . last year i suffered from a bad spell of depression that fizzled away in the summer , then i went to uni ... i had the same feeling that i had ... '