' have you considered , enfj ? just a thought ... intp more so than istp ... no mention of se at all . seriously ? entp ? he seems way more te / fi and ni , from the parts i remember of the show . i can't possibly see how ou could interpret dr . house as being an entp . he clearly has absolutely no interest in playing fe . the fictional character , dr . house has been a disturbed intj for all of ... says the person who says he's an intp and has dr . house as a profile picture ... you might be an intj if ... you understand all the personality functions , have done in-depth research on all the different personality types , know what you relate with , think and question your type ... some countries have very different customs , actually . america practices a strong fe , but in germany , for example , it is more socially acceptable to extravert in te and to introvert their feelings . links / examples would be nice ... improve your surroundings in the best way you can , and you will grow . i have more sense of style than other intjs . i did research to learn how clothes should fit me in a way to help myself be better received and have a louder voice . but it's mostly quiet colors . i ... you do realize that a well developed esfp would have quite a lot in common with a well developed intj , right ? ... because they understand and do everything you'd secretly want to , but wouldn't because you couldn't justify it . : unsure : where we're going , we don't need , phones . lol i have an iphone 3gs it varies a lot . i would suggest learning about the functions of each personality type and learn about the functions and what they look and sound like . this will allow you to be more accurate and ... i am studying engineering . i'm currently in a lot of the theory classes . it's undeniably tough for me , but i'll make it through no problem . it's a great commitment , but i enjoy most of the classes ... i was in an ni-fi loop at one point . one of the things i did was reading a book that made me think more focused on something other than myself . uh oh , the fi ... sigh ... my relationship with my own fi has gotten a lot stronger over the past year . yep , pretty exposed , i guess . :P lol lol this page about fi , intjs talk about their fi , ... i don't really do forced socialness , but i be social with whom i want to be and it's all just fine / whatever . intjs ... can be more empathetic than some types , but not really ever sympathetic . i think . i agree with bethdeth . go find something to exercise your se if you are looking for relaxation . i would say that if you have a well developed te , then there would be no harm in it , but if your te is underdeveloped and your fi is somewhat more developed , then it may not be the best sort of thing ... i have a couple enfp friends . one of them , i am thinking of now , quite a bit , though i'm not interested in making anything of it , i think i've realized that i just think she's great . she's just so ... i apologize . this is really silly and i have talked to a few others now that even say they don't think i have ass burgers . i was being paranoid ... my fi has been really loud lately . idiot . but ... thank you for the clarification . we don't need to be upset here haha . now i think i understand better what the difference is . i am a comedian as well and a darn good dead pan at that . :p i don't ... is being an intj the same as having asperger's syndrome ? if not , what is the difference between a strong intj personality and having asperger's syndrome ? do we all have it ? i have a friend ... if the enfps had an overdeveloped te , we're talking te + ni versus ne + te ... it'd be a bloody battle if the enfp's te's were overdeveloped ... i know someone who is istj w / as i agree with the original poster very much . only a couple people know that i had talked to someone that i cared about from across the globe for many many hours , and i would think that many would be ... i don't hate people . i may choose to disregard them however ... intj - i have 193 , but i deleted 200 + about a year ago . hello , could i ask if you could read my okcupid ( dating site ) profile and give me feedback and thoughts on it ? keep in mind that though it may not appeal to you , it may for someone closer to ... how do you know when you are stressed ? i generally have to run a check on my stress level or else it could escalate to the point where i wont notice it until i find my eyes twitching , tense muscles , ... the types that are given some kind of reasoning or experience to be confident in themselves ... ? you can't type someone off of just that string of information , silly . i compose music . i like music . http://soundcloud.com/michael-benker no , it doesn't change unless you realize it was wrong before . however people change and your type doesn't need to say everything about you by no means . what do you think of this ? i thought it . living in the future , you might find yourself in multiple moments at once somewhere down the web . due to the concept of time , the future tends to catch up ... this intj is studying engineering and german language , and also knows quite a bit about men's fashion , wears clothes that fit well , and has his own style . i'm about 70 % left brained . i do things that ... you're thinking of the istj . i think i am better matched with entj , possibly . i'm going to take the test a second time . i'm not exactly sure what is happening , but i think i could be getting confused by ti questions , possibly answering them too quickly , thinking that because ... i'm going to take the test a second time . i'm not exactly sure what is happening , but i think i could be getting confused by ti questions , possibly answering them too quickly , thinking that because ... cognitive processlevel of development ( preference , skill and frequency of use ) extraverted sensing ( se ) * * * ( 14.2 ) unused introverted sensing ( si ) * * * ( 22.4 ) ... to be proven wrong is only to say that knowledge has advanced . there is nothing wrong about being wrong . just get over it by accepting it was wrong or apologizing , and focus on what is next . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BeraIbgXXIE what are your iq scores ? 152 + genius and near genius 148 - 151 very superior intelligence 132 - 148 superior intelligence 116 - 132 above average intelligence 84 - 116 normal or ... 17 - presentation is often half the job 17 - being aggressive is a very useful tactic 18 - personality types can determine so many things 19 - balance 19 - fi 19 - personality types don't matter as ... ahem , i realize i am only 19 , but maybe i am just starting to see more of this than what i had before . phase ii : in the second phase of their development , intjs differentiate and incorporate ... after reading this below to understand fi and fe , i think i have come to conclusion that i am most certainly an fi user . i feel confident with this . what is fi ? what is fe ? - intj forum i think ... i don't think i'm an istp . i did a decent job explaining the reasons why i could be something other than intj , but it has occurred to me that i have also failed to give enough reasoning why i had ... thanks for your response . it's interesting how you are focusing on the functions to define my type . i don't find myself to be very intuitive of people , so i would not suspect me of being a feeler . '