' you know you're an intuitive when you have to take a bus , mistake one with a totally different name for it even if you're , be read it , take a nap and when you get up your third reaction is : where the ... basically , a guy that said only : ... in his fucking life defeated the whole mafia by challenging every member in giving the best order to overpowered monsters in order to defeat the opponent's ... exactly where does the concept of red applies to intj ? ... ... i've got it ! red the pokemon trainer from the games multiverse . he doesn't talk a lot , so it's hard to type , but he totally could ... ok . maybe it wasn't all that obvious that was a self ironic joke . or it was these are counterjokes ? alongtime but also can be said the opposite : i don't see any point in using : e : if not to manipulate others and i like sweets . https://youtu.be/wh5LOivpjsQ analyzing the rational-irrational dichotomy : tend to plan ahead , make decisions early . vs tend to wait and see , more spontaneous . i make a plan , then i don't follow it . point for irrational ? ... we're getting close . definitely that :p : is strong . giving a look to :p : and : t : it's like they can both be my creative function , but i can't say who actually takes the lead . probably a ili with ... ( yes , the edit button expired once again ) taking into consideration the general description by gulenko , here some of the things that doesn't exists ( or at least are very rare ) in my behavior . ... that's easy . betas value hierarchies very much , right ? capitalism makes them obsolete : everyone with a good idea and enough venture capital can became rich . the closest thing that resembles an ... the edit button expired , so i have to do this . whit alpha is my best bet means exactly what seems to mean at first glance : i suspect myself to be in the alpha quadra but i'm not 100 % sure . ... yup ! quadras are the pillars of socionics , without them it would pretty much lose more than half of it's value . well , it's hard to be farer from the beta quadra than me . also alpha is my best ... that's a typo : there are an ' h ' and a ' t ' missing . thanks : i probably would never notice that . the correct world is thought . i'll edit the post . that's a very interesting question . i wonder ... nothing , but , considering that p and j for introverts are flipped by definition ( in mbti they point to the strongest extraverted function while in socionics they point the strongest function ) , is not ... literally no one answered my previous thread so ... personal concepts 1 . what is beauty ? what is love ? beauty : i pretty much agree with kant in critique of judgement . love : chemical reactions ... yea , yu-gi-oh is probably the fastest and most power crept card game of the world , obviously you have to use that exploits only if they are viable and they are the best way . i've only said that ... why i'm pro : that thing is awful , some corrosion can do a more aesthetically interesting job . why i'm con : that thing is a piece of history , only a die hard futurist will not consider this ... that's not enough : you must know the rules to the finest details and therefore be able to exploit them , it isn't obvious in videogames but in table games and card games it's almost everything . for ... if you're talking about highly intensive fps ( counter strike , team fortress ecc . ecc . ) if think it's normal : those games require se , so xstps should destroy us xntps at the same amount and quality of ... that's not true ! an intuitive can have some practical skills : i've built a computer ! the cable management sucks ... and the hdds are not screwed well ... and i've cut my hands in everything that wasn't ... this morning i've reread my maturity thesis . i'm surprised : the me from a year ago is much smarter than i remember ! that thesis is very well structured , there isn't any link between the topics ... you know you're an intuitive when your skill in jumping between topics is surpassed only by your clumsiness . you can do in this way or in this way . np : why not both at the same time ? make a list of quotes that worked form movies , books , tv shows or whatever you want ; at least 3 for every family of sad situations , 10 for the most commons . you'll ready to fake deep compassion in ... how does the signal sent by the antenna on the planet nearest to the black hole in the interstellar movie be readable by the antennas far from the planet ? the gravitational redshift shouldn't be so ... reading a book . why am i sleepy ? it's just 1:00 am ! * reads the clock on the bottom right of the computer monitor ( is still turn on just in case of a random idea ) * the clock says : 5:30 am ... based on what logic ? most of the fans blades aren't actually flat . coming soon , only it the best cinemas : protagonist and the lost document ! protagonist takes his wallet to take 5 $ but something unexpected happens . you're right : there isn't even a cent into ... what ackermann ( 4 , 2 ) equals to ? stack overflow ! short description : freaking awesome harmonies . https://youtu.be/BnfBLo1A3pU the first statement is incorrect : it would contradicts al lot of theory . also , if you known me and mbti very well wen i was 16 you would definitely guess correctly my personality type . was i too ... i haven't seen sainfeld yet , so i can't understand your exemple but i'm not quite sure that works as you suggested : the dominant function is still the function you rely the most , developed or ... i have an idea : it's a simple 3 step plan . 1 ) develop your fe ; 2 ) listen what has to say ; 3 ) do the exact opposite . shouting all your knowledge in public seems to work . i always receive : you make me / us fell stupid ! as feedback . i still haven't figured out why . it's longer to say and i'm lazy as fuck . also that zombie giant can be your mother . for someone this adds a big emotional charge . but there is a little difference between a single dark core and nothing relevant besides that and a huge dark core with minor dark things all over the place . and you're forgetting a consequence : ... very corrupted society , giants are humans , giants eating giants ecc . ecc . you are definitely sure that you are an intp when you forget to do stuff because you was thinking about a daydream on daydreams about your random toughs . i think i actually use all my stack when i work on a new program . ti : this problem is huge , let's understand it to te finest detail ! ne : what would te do ? what if i look to this subproblem ... i don't have experience with java , but i know for sure that banking software is very delicate , so if a a team trusted you for 5 years probably you're trustworthy . probably ti is what fits ... if you wanna program a full competitive browser sure it's hard . i've tested the 2 minutes long psychopathic laugh . it works about 95 % of the times with strangers . yea , i've noticed . makes sense and is supported by many evidences . fe stands also for fire emblem , a famous turn based strategy games franchise published by nintendo and the chapter published in 2012 , fire emblem : awakening , sucks . you've noticed some ... my joke wasn't funny ? oh , right , they never are . actually , that's called gaussian distribution . you need much more than half to say that's actually fe . it'll be useful . thanks . wait a minute ... you developer fire emblem : awakening ! ? or just read the top left / bottom right diagonal . because : 1 ) most of peoples take the arguments emotionally , not rationally ; 2 ) it's hard even to set a standard for what words means ( ex . for or which boolean operator do you mean ? or or xor ? ); ... i have a good one ! ne : what if you consider this ? it doesn't work so well ! you're damn right . the story of the story of undeveloped dominant was nothing more than an extreme exemple . i know that if you think that the dominant function is underdeveloped and you aren't a kid probably you're ... '