' i don't know exactly what kind of details you have trouble memorising , but i think my own sort of learning relies on seeing connections between pieces of information . knowing why something is ... i think there are a lot of situations where this could be dangerous advice . if you haven't built good foundations , or done your stretches , or tied your laces , you might want to deal with that before ... i think we're on the same page : jealousy is a bad sign . i'm looking at jealous feelings as a sign that something's wrong within a relationship . expectations and reality aren't lining up for one ... like ... i almost always keep the door open for the person behind me . if it's too long a distance and the person's going to have to run to catch it , then i'll keep moving ( most of the time , but awkward ... a serenade for staceofbass http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BxvVOgCUEEE reasonable means there is a reason for it . it's understandable . it makes sense that people would feel that way . i'm not saying it can't grow to be toxic ( and i said immediately afterwards that the ... in a totally idealistic sense , i get what you're saying . you want the best for the people you love . you want them to be happy . but in reality , relationships are about a mutual fulfilment of needs . it ... i'm not saying the jealousy is justified , but i think possessive feelings are natural . people get jealous when they see their crush paying someone else more attention than them , even though they know ... while i think monogamy by default is an unnatural way to approach relationships , especially while they're young ... i think being in an open relationship can really tear people apart . i think you have ... i don't think monogamy's for me . a little while ago , my ( probably intp ) boyfriend of two or three months proposed that we take a break . i was saddened by it , obviously , because i really liked him , ... i still side much , much more heavily with the intp description and function stacking . since childhood , i've always been heavily analytical . i thrive on receiving new information and experiences , but ... i haven't tested myself in a while and this time i took a version of the test i hadn't tried before . as i was answering it , it didn't feel like obvious black-or-white preference questions , which i ... i think , as a society , we should be past this question already . anything can be art . not all art requires craftsmanship or high concept or skill or talent or vision . that's not to say that all art is ... i am too full of guilt and lust . i get a kick out of some gory stuff - part of it is the morbid aspect , another part is the weird satisfaction from seeing squishy , bloody textures and whatnot . real life gore can be kind of upsetting ... so we're on a break . i very desperately need to know what exactly this means for my sex life . : rolleyes : upset because my boyfriend looks better in my dresses than me not at all upset because i have a boyfriend who'll wear my dresses ehehehehehehheheheeeheehehehee to be clear , he was ... i'm feeling kind of strange and anxious about my current relationship - it's going very smoothly and we're having a lot of fun , but ( both being , i suspect , intps ) we've gone about the whole thing in ... i don't have a whole load of dating experience - my first boyfriend was an infp and , while we had fun together and shared a lot of interests , i think we clashed on a fundamental level . we didn't last ... i finally properly got together with the boy i liked that liked me and we spent all last night hanging out and making out and being really cute and i have spent all day on a cloud : kitteh : so there's this guy who likes me and i like him and we're so very close to properly getting together but he's about to do an art project that involves sealing himself off from society in a nuclear ... sometimes i think about a person so much that photographs of their face intimidate me . i could have a different definition of cool from the people immediately surrounding me but , like i said , i suppose my idea of what's cool is informed by some group of people somewhere . in saying ... i think women are especially under pressure to be attractive and presentable to get heard ( note : i am not in the mood to argue about how guys are under pressure too - like , if you're thinking about ... 1 . unsolicited flirtiness creeps me out . like , maybe you can come across as entertaining if you're smooth and witty or whatever , but when guys are being totally full-on without you so much as looking ... a couple of months ago , my ex informed me that somebody ~ liked ~ me . i hadn't spoken to the guy all that much and so didn't know how to feel about the whole thing . i didn't do anything about it beyond ... i'm not into mind games and i'm not sadistic , but i kind of love talking myself down in front of a guy who likes me then watching him trip up over himself trying to give me a compliment . it's not ... yesterday was my 18th birthday . the events of the party could probably span several confession posts . i'm expecting a phone call from my mother in about 20 minutes for a post-birthday catch up ... i think i'm going to stop smoking but ... i'm not sure . i've been smoking regularly for just over week ( after getting a friend to buy me tobacco and teach me how to roll ) and , like , it's enjoyable , and ... i have a friend who's decided to change her name . not an actual legal change , and nothing drastically different from her real name - just a nickname she'd prefer to go by . part of the reason for ... i would probably feel uncomfortable in the situations you listed , but i'm totally at home performing on a stage . maybe it's because i know i can do it well , or because acting / performing provides some ... i'm scottish . it's fucking mandatory . you just need to find an appreciative audience . i'm lucky enough to have made a friend who is endlessly entertained by my verbosity ( the entertainment factor always being upped with the inclusion of ... i can relate to being infatuated , and i think inferior fe might contribute to the length of time intps can tolerate it . i think i can be ignorant of any negative effect a one-sided infatuation might ... it's difficult to answer without having personally ... witnessed anyone getting an erection during a mass spoon . it's certainly inappropriate when all involved spoons want to keep things platonic , but ... ... i suppose it depends where you are in the spoon hierarchy ? it probably wouldn't be the only awkward sexual interaction happening . that's not excusing it , just ... no , no , i do not want to get ... after a long period of not really connecting with anyone around me , i'm noticing ... that i'm actually getting into conversations ... meeting new like-minded people with relative ... http://i.imgur.com/gyEEiMy.jpg lazy default wallpaper , intended to avoid raising my stress levels with visual overstimulation various programs running in the background that i'm not closing ... last time i was drunk - i . e . last night - i was involved in a platonic 5 - way spoon . as the biggest spoon , i was pretty intimate with someone's elbows and a wall . there are ups and downs . that doesn't necessarily sound romantic in a wants this to be a proper relationship way . it sounds like how you might act towards a good friend if you also happened to be sleeping with them . i ... there's a girl on my course - or rather , a woman - who's been at various art schools for various specialisms , attended multiple portfolio courses and workshops , worked in different fields , even ... i took myself on a coffee date today ( coffee and a book but somewhere that isn't my bedroom ) and spent some time inadvertently eavesdropping on the couple next to me who , by the sound of it , met ... you know you're an intp when you shoot on a film camera ... so nobody can take it and look through your photos . there are other reasons but , for me , that's an inordinately big selling point . proper answer : i see expiration dates as a suggestion . if i see something is approaching / past its expiration date , i'll more thoroughly inspect it for signs of inedibility , but if it ... today i managed to give four of my coursemates suggestions on artists / ideas to consider in relation to their individual projects . it's almost as if i'm ... constantly learning and growing my knowledge ... oh , hey , this houmous expires on my birthday ! huh . that ... that's a really gross birthday present . i smoked weed for the first time last night but didn't feel very much at all ( whether i was inhaling incorrectly or just not responding , i don't know ) and , in a rare turn of events , i didn't have a ... i'm an intp and an art student , so i sure hope that combination can work . i've always needed to be creative in some capacity and it was something that my parents / teachers nurtured and encouraged , ... last night in the pub , my infp ex tried to lecture me about developing empathy . ha . haha . hahahahhahahhahahaha . i wasn't sure if he wasn't getting the humorous irony in my clinical dissection ... i've done drunk / hungover grocery shops more often than i feel is acceptable . y'know , on the way home from the pub or the flat i crashed in ... saves a trip , right ? those poor cashiers . i usually ... '