' home check out some of this . carl jung and kimball young most of the mtbi testing is not nearly as black and white as they want you to think . there are aspects that they cannot measure which ... they ask about your chemical makeup so they can look into it for compatibility :) in my experience they are quite a bit like infp's when they like others intimately . they tend to get agitated ... i would honestly say intp intj is probably a good guess but an intj would not be so indecisive . on the other hand an intj would not like to make a decision until the problem's variables are ... home here's fight club man , we actually have a thread ! whoot ! i guess not logging in for five days was a good thing . i would love a fight club . where men can simply beat the shit out of ... i have hit a guy so hard in the forehead in a street fight that i made both his eyes go blood shot . this was because he hit me with a skate board when i was walking by ( different story ) . i thought he ... hmmm ... makes sense . defend only when absolutely needed . you have a good head on your shoulders . maybe my brain is broken ... o_o weird when i think about it , i can make sense of things very quick ... can absolutely relate ! i guess where i fuck up is when he calls his boys over ... i am just quick to smash the offender at this point . it really rubs a nerve when this method is employed . i don't ... every person has a need for satisfaction . this is why we try to cover it up with activities . people who experience extreme loneliness just are not getting what they are looking for , at all . this ... neat link . places all kinds of theory into one spot . was there something specific you were directing me to ? btw , i think we all should just drop some acid : crazy : matter interacts outside of a black hole not inside . when the matter is absorbed into a blackhole it descends rapidly to the singularity . likely , being a singularity , matter and anti matter can ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uoERl34Ld00 wasn't listening to it but everyone must know of joe's amazing amazingness ! mr . satriani , a god among guitar players even taught steve vai a thing or ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TAqZb52sgpU naturally or xcom ... don't forget xcom damnit rpg and strategy . i enjoy all games but these the most . i still play tetris ( still a great game over 20 years later ) rts is great too . for rpg i am partial to the fallout series . rts you can't go ... don't let any poster fool you . the answer is ... all of them . we all want to show the world what we want them to see . no matter how we feel inside . it doesn't matter your type . to say otherwise is to ... very well said . your point is sound . i would just rather fight the group and break the one . it leaves quite the impression . worked for me so far . getting your ass beat does hurt the dignity but for ... you are absolutely right . i am not a woman . i am not intending to offend nor advocate . i am simply speaking out of observation i have had over the years . woman have proven themselves to be just as ... yes i did and i have to agree with the above but stating it does not fix it . it simply fuels the situation . i wouldn't say women have anymore of a burden than a man , things are no longer built that ... #include <iostream> using namespace std ; int main ( ) { cout < < i am not a programmer but i know there is a ton of money to be made on andriod specialization . many of my friends went this ... welcome ! enjoy the site and i look forward to some insights from you ! a quick question to satisfy my curiosity : with the social norm being what it was for 1000 years you don't find it to be expected that men can be taken aback ? try not to get worked up over it . it ... ( mr ford pulls out his strat and rips a mean guitar solo ) depends . you a good singer ? let's jam . if not ... please ... please don't ! some decent points here about being quite when a friend intervenes , people not listening or them feel obligated . i think that if they want to kick you ass though that i myself my feel compelled to ... infp most likely to drive a bus off a cliff because of bikinies is evil italian a type ? :) i tried the test you provided for the hell of it . it will not give me an assessment based on honest answers ... i even tried changing everything that read mostly to sort of and still nothing . mustgo soup very much so . aha ! here is some variables ! is this because myers based her studies off of jung's ? ( never mind , that's rhetoric ) now i don't have to smash my head on a rock ! ! ! i see that quite a bit of this ... elaboration in bold . again , let me use myself as example , i know myself best so this is the most dependable : as you can see , test show i am rely highly ot ti opposed to fe , they are nearly polar ... thanks for the input . i am not sure that this is what i am getting at , i think the problem is that i am using myself as an example . i can have a very hard time expressing my views at times . i ... this is not for the sake of self analysis but more for finding a true answer to a greater question . i don't think these scales can properly gauge , they only bring us to a a smaller head of a broad ... i am looking for opinions and or facts . does anyone believe in ambiversion ? i myself identify as an ambivert . i am energized by both social and reclusive setting . i love exploring my own thoughts ... what is this venting thing you speak of ? are you referring to hvac ? j / k you were promoted twice huh ? there is a factor . men in most cases don't intentionally mean to be sexist but in our core we expect to provide . this does not mean that a woman in our relationship can't ... depends on the day . weekends i hang with my kids . weekdays i write music or study something new ( knowledge is power ) never forget that . if i have a real challenge at work , i work all night . take her seriously . really . on another note : just because he says there is nothing wrong it doesn't mean there is . i am not trying to state that there is just that there could be . has something ... ba first year masters no , i should have asked for more clarification first . thank you for maintaining class though . you are absolutely right , i apologize . i was just trying to be helpful ... i just didn't understand why my post was being picked like that . i will take this conversation off of the thread . again , ... point taken but i would like your insight on this . we really should pursue this objectively not argumentatively . we can learn a lot about ourselves and other by the pursuit . i myself believe that ... i would agree here . my best friend cannot always get his thoughts out as he should . he means well and in most cases has great insight but gets frustrated as hell when you cannot simply understand ... i am only relying on this tread because i have always thoroughly enjoyed my conversations with intj's , my best friend is such . i think what may be causing this is that intj's tend to lack the ... all of the definitions i see mean the same thing , they are worded different . so can you answer the question please ? we are deviating far from the point either of us were trying to make . what if i ... i try to accept that people are going to asks these questions . we just bear this stigma . wear it like a badge my friend . we know that we have emotion and use it well in most cases . others my not ... in a work setting it works great . i have excelled far beyond where the average person will go in my professional life . i worked my way from the bottom to near the top . in most cases i do come off as ... a part of the problem is that i expect a lot from all of my nt counter parts . we are logic and reason . and yes , you are extremely close in your valuation . how very perceptive of you good sir ! the ... i condescended simply because i felt you were doing so , if you were not then i ( as stated above ) apologize . i feel energized by stimulation . this may be from my surroundings , a group of people , my ... sorry about the late reply , but i work , a lot . where is this fact ? all i have seen is you state your perspective and try to use theories to prove your perspective correct . at one point , you even ... '