i'm an inxp , existance is only in your mind . absolutely nothing yet everything exists at the same time . the universal mind can only be tapped into by total intoxication of the doors of perception , a ... ... when you figure out what life is by the age of 11 and would rather die then go through the motions every fucking day ... for years i considered myself to be a real intp 5w4 , but now i'm just not sure . i've changed a lot due to my coma october 2010 and now i feel much more like a feeler ( infp ) . i now make most of my ... ouch , that reminds me ... i need glasses yea i'm pretty sure my entire family are s types ... except my uncle . i gotta say , you guys know your stuff when it comes to putting tangible things together . n types are much better suited for ... you know you're a sensor when you know what a carborator is ... ( it's pretty embarassing , but i don't = / ) hey guys , havn't been on in a while . i've been i just had a psych hospital stay that didn't go so well for me . i spent most days just sitting in my room , thinking ... anyway i was diagnosed with ... 468 here ... my 6 goes between phobic and counterphobic . i feel like an artist without an instrument most of the time . this video that theluckyone has presented really hits home with me personally . i ... : unsure :: angry :: crying : here's a thought guys , maybe we as human beings are slowly , sensors and intuitives alike , evolving little by little to do more then merely survive . i would like to point out what friedrich neitzche ... wow , the first sensor to give an unbiased answer . the first one who was willing to say , logically the sensing functions would have served humans better back in the b . c era . you give me hope , thank ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lPMxssn6whA&feature=channel_video_title i'm an intp 4w5 ... personally i don't give a rat's ass about the general social world . i pick and choose which social situations i feel i can get into , or just want to take out for a test drive in order to learn more ... are you talking to me ? or someone else ? or just generalizing ? that's more ti then anything else . as an intp i find myself in that situation a lot ( we're both ti first . ) here's one , you know you're a sensor when you actually fit into the larger social world . so true , so true :d ry : exactly , but if their are certain drugs that are generelly known to be extremely addictive , then you'd have to know yourself and your current psychological health . like me , i when i was 15 my first ... not forcibly , but i mean in a kind of subtle way . for instance , if someone identifies themselves as a tritype 5w9w4 . most people who don't understand the full scope of the enneagram and its intention ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6xcwt9mSbYE [ quote = sleeve of wizard ; 1311280 ] there is seriously not enough hymn music in this thread quote ] there isn't enough good music in this thread ... [ quote = alextyrian ; 1309772 ] there is seriously not enough pop music in this thread . what are you ? an sj ? pig ... : angry : such as ? i'm interested . uh , yes it is ? ? ? intuitives in general use broad logic , sensors use linear logic . intuitives make generalizations ( intuitive ) and sensors ( specifically si firsters ) like things that are already ... spoken like a true sensor . he / she came to the conclussion from going through college his / herself and experiancing his / her teachers . so she therefore made the generalization that most college ... cheyvo luneth please stop acting like children you two ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KOrBaLMBxJw&feature=channel_video_title ... that is the most common sence statement i've ever heard ... leave it to the sensors to kick ass in common sence xp i have made this thread with fellow intuitives in mind . the aim of this thread is for intuitives to vent there anger at sensors . so pick up your dirty words dictionary and hate ! ! ! most , no . some , yes . i myself tried getting philisophical with a bunch of sps one time . they were about as deep as a kiddie pool ... positive : mother ( enfp ) , george carlin ( entp ) , friend ( entj negative : asshole of a prick father ( estj ) , the kids at my high school ( mostly sj's ) really ? it doesn't remind me of that at all ... reminds me of a dreadfull decision someone has to make in which they're screwed no matter what . or , as far as mood , it sounds more sad then deppressing . i love that song ! ! ! the doors-take it as it comes damn ... of course , of course we don't need other people to validate our own existence , as extroverts do good point , however , were sensors not more suitable for the conditions back then ? also , a sensor is completely capable of inventing anything . when did i ever say that a sensor couldn't produce / invent ... intp's can come off as entp's . every mbti type can look like it's introverted or extroverted side when the secondary part is developed i love entps ! ! ! especially george carlin it's a mixture of paternal traits and the environment . ( ex . what do we find more necessary to survive as a child ? ) i'm not saying intuitives are better then sensors . all i'm asking is whether of not you guys think it's possible that intuitives came after sensors in an evolutionary sense . think about it , in the ... opiates ! ! ! wooo ! ! ! liquor is alright too , pot does nothing for me originally posted by kayness omg ! that is too true for me ! i live among intuitive family members , and more often than not i'm the one who finds things for them . this goes for my n boyfriends as ... aila 8 fallibility of human reason ? are you fucking kidding me ! ! ! ? ? ? what is so imperfect about our reason ? the universe is endless , as we all know . are we simply in this universe , or is the universe within us ? everything is endless , forever , and possible at all times . everything we know consciencely ... i honestly think that certain drugs do hold some value for us . such as add meds or other weaker stimulants . even pot allows us to dive deeper and deeper into reality . i find myself thinking the ... otherwise , i think you're an infp at that point ... well then either you're very young or havn't really developed your sensor side enough to see all the inconsistancies i never said you guys were as a whole less intelligent , just most of you , lol . i was only kidding , and most if not all of the sensors i meet irl are dumbasses . i realize type has no correlation to ...