' remember the truth is within and you need others to see it . interesting and you happen to have the same tritype as me :) with an exception for sx / so . so you settled on entp . you just made me realize that well-developed and self-aware person will transcend the ... what parrot did was comforting a poor soul . like seriously dude why do you give a fuck ? if you care about your life on a daily basis you don't need a special day . women's day , cat's day , aids ' day , ... i don't own a tv , don't drink and don't give a fuck about my birthday . day like any other . but yeah a good medium steak yeah i can eat that any time :) atamagasuita hey you are cool and crazy , but mainly interesting :) thanks so much for your input :) i find your style of writing funny and pleasant to read ! i'm not gonna comment much because i feel ... hey just to let you know firefox says that logging to the forum is insecure and can be compromise . i've seen some changes implemented and please double check safety measures . btw it should be https ... aridela i do appreciate the input . two things i don't like coffee and you are on i side of the wall . that's exactly the impression i have had after the conversation that it would be to quiet ;) i ... hey guys recently , i had a discussion about japan and it's culture , traditions , honorific language ( i would had to throw in some curses to balance this shit out ) , ways of being etc and i thought ... i be frank with you i'm attracted to myself the most so entp it is ! they like the melody of my own voice . yes , i like to talk to myself a lot . you are pushing my spam limits ... i have answered op question . no she is not . entps have too much love . in real life i like estps trolling style . sure and i would love to be a nice guy . entp or entj . i find mbti to be somehow useless so in my mind you have what's needed . teni vs neti it should be easy to distinguish . your tritype is fairly common in both cases . you seem a bit too ... it would be fun if she was going to go with your advice and this guy turned out to be an intp or manipulative serial killer enfj . i second fi . my first impression was exfp , went with enfp because it kind of reminds me of my friend . another thing to back it up . you sound like 4 sx , which gives you false impression of being ... you will never get answer to this question darling :) entp , i would rather have others pleasing me . because my forearms are big enough and i can't do the yoga thing . things or people that do stimulate my brain or evoke emotions . a bonus . kind of related to your question . higher level of interesting . people that make me stop in my tracks when i talk ... corrected , yes we like them . depends on the mood , settings and a goal i have in mind ( if there is one ) . anything from total asshole , through you don't exist in my universe to charming prince perfect . i hate the mindless chatter that can go on and on , especially when they want to cut you out of conversation by talking about some people that you have never seen in your life . i hate family occasions ... we are all both at the same time . if you want to turn anyone into a feeler just piss them off and watch emotional ball of anger raining divine judgement upon your ass . it's easier with hardcore ... you sir have just mentioned the best , the best thing ever . nothing helps better than getting physically wasted :) i even have this saying if there is any sickness approaching me the only thing i do ... this is like a description of my childhood . wow . i've been told i was a genius and i always was the best at my thing . what better way to feed a 4s ego ? no need to punish yourself or downplay ... as a matter of fact i'm entp 4w5 sx . it truly is a fucked up combination . after , i read the the complete enneagram : 27 paths to greater self-knowledge it became crystal clear . go to settings next to ' log out ' button , press on achievements and let me know if you can access that . you are on my favourite stalker list dude same tritype here . periwinklepromise i wouldn't go down the bipolar alley , i was exploring this and it's just bs . this tritype is so fucking intense in whatever is happening you name it : sadness , ... why choose if can have it all at once ? doing all the drugs with family sounds like fun . hey i want to see my achievements and it's says that i'm allowed to do that . why is that ? obstinatesnooperr don't waste your time on mbti and crack on enneagram . gives more useful info . 100 employees 1 . rocky 1 2 . rocky 2 3 . rocky 3 4 . rocky 4 5 . rocky 6 please , don't be too harsh with the analysis . it probably was said before but just to make sure . my blind spot is closely related to what's last ( non-existent ) in my stacking which is sp . when i'm chasing intense , adrenaline filled movements ... quads that's a trolling mastery . go by functions or descriptions to find the real type . there is no way you can go that wrong . another reason why tests mean nothing . what's the point when after few times you know exactly on which spectrum which answer puts you . never mind the fact that i've checked scoring in a html source ;) dad estp - perfect for never-ending pointless fights . fun fact my best mate was an estp and i loved the guy to bits . mum isfj - and i truly feel for her , she went through serious hell with me being a ... vatican is so s , i'm going with xxss after long break with anything related to personality theories : the complete enneagram : 27 paths to greater self-knowledge . some type 8,7 , 4 sx descriptions quoted from it convinced me to do it ... why the enneagram quiz doesnt work ? friend of mine would like to get tested but apparently forum's quiz is gone ... easy , when i look in the mirror there is always one weirdly staring at me . one option intj . no bs , no drama just pure robotic way of being - love it . yes , tea and water . you are intense as fuck if you truly were intelligent you would know that the whole iq is bs ;) option c . stay away from debt , wasted time , opportunities and uni . get yourself in business . nothing beats real life experience . couldn't put that any better . people before you claim that you are istp 4 do your bloody research . couple online bs tests that's not enough . i do believe that some of them may have 4 in their ... non-existent nip is right you can't be both . often times the best way to figure out what is the type is to find out whether one uses fi or fe . they never ever work in tandem . you might be neither ;) '