' it happens to me . i feel compelled to help people sometimes when it serves me no benefit . it pisses me off too . the ones that come out of your mouth when you see a real life situation that you can relate to that quote . the ones that leave you ( and possibly one of your close friends ) lying on your back ... good : 1 . taking a pile of random edibles and cooking the most delicious thing you've ever tasted ! 2 . knowing people better than they know themselves by the end of a ridiculously short ... i can predict myself to an extent , but i am constantly surprising myself . i think if i could keep my thoughts in the immediate future i would be able to predict my actions and words with pinpoint ... believe it . i have a strong desire for other people to perceive me as competent . i'm not proud of it . it doesn't make sense to me logically , but it's there sure enough . i didn't used to be like ... i like those articles . it gives me new perspective on it . i think i try to analyze my actions in real time which gets me really disoriented , where as when i'm in my flow state i save the analysis ... i feel like i spend alot of my time caught in an ne-fe loop full of a need for validation and self doubt , and constantly chasing my entp flow state . i can never predict when it's going to hit me . ... revolution ? ! sounds awesome ! nothing beats sticking it to the man . i would participate in one indirectly . i definitely wouldn't be on the front lines . i would be the one to sit on the sidelines ... i could care less for celeb gossip . i won't spread gossip for the sake of spreading it . only if it benefits me in some way . will i listen to gossip ? damn right ! i made it about half way thru .. too long for me . i can't really relate , because i don't consider myself an underachiever . i do what i want to do when i feel like doing it . i cycle through about 5 ... i've tried alot of them . usually became disinterested after the first or second time . opiates i think i did 6 or 7 times over a 2 week period . some girl i worked at taco bell with , way back in the ... it's not a conscious effort . i was doing this before i ever knew what mbti was . i'm sure there are alot of xsfj's out there that could very well ' wipe the floor ' with me in certain aspects of cognitive function . when i said ' dumb myself down ' , it's not a narcissistic statement ... i can't say i've ever fallen in love ... i've fallen in lust ! does that count ? usually happens in the drop of a hat and ' un-happens ' at nearly the same speed but a little slower . it can last ... i don't know why i do this . everytime i meet a new person i automatically treat them as if they were sfj ( naturally i dumb myself down to that cognitive level in order to communicate efficiently ) . ... i can't really get into traditional sports . if it's on tv i'll be off in the clouds or googling some random shit on my phone . i can watch action sports for a short period until my attention span ... so true ! happens to me all the time . i'll have no clue that i knew anything about a topic until it comes up in conversation . suddenly i'm an expert . i surprise myself . interesting ... very interesting . i might just be crazy , but sometimes i'll think about something that i do routinely without usually thinking about , like brushing my teeth , or the pronunciation of a word ; and as i think about it , ... - when you see on facebook that there is a dui checkpoint and you go out of your way to get to it so you can exercise your constitutional rights and quote case law , making the unsuspecting police ... skateboarding beer guitar youtube google 3 pages of a book window shopping on amazon daydreaming procrastinating thinking about it now that was just a generalized and bad example that i gave . my thoughts were somewhere else when i was typing . i've been thinking about it all day and i think i figured it out .  ... i'm fairly decent at determining peoples ' character at the drop of hat . when i come in contact with people that i perceive as highly critical that seem to match or beat my level of general ... i'm leaning a little towards the diversion theory . i find it difficult to believe that the plane hasn't already been located given the available resources . also , with satellite imagery as ... and ... go ! and what is sampling ? using a sound progression that already exists ? every musician could be considered a sampler to a degree . what it's composing ? arranging sounds in an original pattern within a ... marshall mathers . that counts , right ? ! it's not her competence or ability to lead that attracts me . it's the dry , sarcastic sense of humor . also , her autonomous personality makes her unobtainable in a way and we all want what we can't ... katniss everdeen ! such a dry sense of humor , and she rebels against tyranny ! ! this hits home hard for me . i think my only true identity is the voice in my head . nobody with ever see the real me because i will always the personality that carries the most advantage of being ... do you have any experience with autistic people ? in my experience they have an uncanny ability for abstract thought and connections . they also tend to blatantly avoid any kind of decision ... that's my theory ! what are your thoughts ? ? a game with psychological traps sounds really intriguing . i'm not sure if i would have the patience to really get into it tho =/ you get the point . let me give you an example of how i figure my percentage . skill rating is an extremely transitional slope . the bottom containing a vast amount of people and the top becoming ever ... lol . any sensible reply would be futile at this point .. might as well kick back and laugh at the jokes at my expense .. lol . think you guys missed the point . % 10 is definitely nothing to brag about . let's take a math lesson . how many people in the world do these things ? let's say 3 million people play guitar . that ... i've got the widest range of hobbies than anyone i know . and i can hang with the best of them in every single one almost effortlessly . a lot of people tell me i'm confused about who i am and what i ... i study alot of philosophical theory . i've been reading alot about nietzsche's eternal recurrence theory , and most people seem to think it would be similar to hell , living the same life over and ... how do you feel about death ? ? i used to be terrified of it when i was in my younger teens , to the point where i was a borderline hypochondriac . now i approach it with a sense of humor , and ... forgot to quote you in the last post i have read the bible , and studied it vigorously from genesis to revelations . i grew up in a very conservative christian church . as much as i tried and wanted to , i couldn't close my mind around ... unbeatable situation = bad perspective planning = isn't procrastination + improvisation = my life bsing = plan b i'm crazy = i have you right where i want you because when you come to ... i can promise you that there is definitely no truth suppressing going on , on this side . i'm addicted to truth . the pretty truth , the ugly truth , the skinny truth , or the morbidly obese fried chicken ... apparently god burning people alive with fire from the heavens wasn't enough to convince everyone , so what could you possibly have that could remove every shadow of doubt ? ? i say that with sincerity don't plan . improvise ... what the hell makes you so special that you get to tell me what to do ! ? are you telepathic ? ? ... no ? ohh so then you must be able to shoot laser beams from your eyes ? ? ... no ? well ... am i god ? ? ? ... i bet epoxy would work better than griptape on skateboards .. it works on basketball courts ... it definitely would work .. i could be a millionaire if i marketed this ... but who's ... i will play devils advocate here for a second and say that leviticus is part of the old testament and most christians believe that those rules were only to be followed before jesus came along to ... if i could be so bold as to interject a theory : could jesus have been a philosopher who was blown way out of proportion . kind of like chuck norris ? '