' i have a hard time not to take things personally . if somebody does anything that i would not do ( and that would include small things like keep me waiting , critize me etc ) my gut reaction is if he ... anything by wen spencer and sharon lee / steve miller . i also like lois mcmaster bujold a lot . and from the old masters dickens ( probably helped that he is not part of the school curriculum where i ... you are making my point . do you see any non vegetarians writing that passionate on the topic ? i have to admit i am deeply suspicious about people with a mission . missions very often end in hurting ... i get much more try to relax a bit ! [ quote =P edromac ; 3127868 ] i say things a lot of the time that can sometimes be taken as inappropriate for the circumstances but i do it so i can read someone else and see them on a deeper level without ... difficult to make a long distance diagnosis , but i think you might be enfp with a rather low p score . this is a continuum and you probably come quiet close to 0 on the p score . but since ... another good clue might be the way you react to deadlines . if you have a very important deadline in three weeks , do you start now ? or do you do your best work one the day of the deadline ? if the ... i hate to sound like a wet blanket , but i have never once in my life got drunk . i hate the feeling of losing control . i can obsess for hours about normal conversations , i do not even want to know ... that does not sound very enfj to me . are you sure that's what she is ? the only thing that comes to my mind is that she might not feel respected . if i get that feeling i tend to explode , too ... it depends . i can be very passionate about a lot of things and then i will move heaven and earth to get things done - sometimes without waiting for others to catch up . i will normally be very ... the most dangerous world views are held by people who have never seen the world ( alexander von humboldt ) i was the same , if not as strongly ( probably because girls tend to do better within the school system ) . if he goes the same way he will learn to a certain extent growing older . teenagers are very ... 1 . at what age did you discover you were an enfj ? 30 2 . what was your first reaction at this insight ? i loved it - it made so much sense ! 3 . how interested were you in finding out more about ... i would probably say it that way , too , because i would be afraid you would see my request as a burden . so for me the subtext would be something like : please tell me if this is bothering you . i ... i do this , too , and i would not see it as unhealthy . in fact i found it a great coping mechanism . i am very good during a crisis , because i can shut my feelings down . if somebody is physically hurt ... i tend to see every possible angle of a situation , and i feel sometimes duty bound to bring this up . so if i talk with somebody positive i will tend to see ( and mention ) the more negative items and ... i am wondering why you see that as manipulative . could it not be his honest feelings about this situation ? enfj are focused on f so we tend to make arguments based on feelings , but i would not see ... i like entj , they are so easy to get along with - as long as you do not let them steamroll you into their way of thinking . they can be pretty overwhelming , so sure that theirs is the right way . and ... for me mostly understanding myself and others better . why do people do the things they do ? what patterns are there ? how do your beliefs what life should be differ from mine ? how do different ... try to appreciate his point of view as a counterpoint to your strengths and weaknesses . he will notice things you will simply overlook and vice versa ( and no , just because you did not think of it ... i love reading , so many new people to meet ! which is why i have to like them or the book is not working for me and they must not die in the end . and i also like meeting new cultures , even if they ... i need silence , but i think best when i am moving around while thinking , so when i have something to puzzle out , i normally go for a walk . and at least in europe and asia you would have lived through two world wars , you would have many of your friends die as soldiers , by bombs , by starvation - my father's mother was born 1898 and she ... i am sorry but anybody who thinks classical is one type of music just does not know very much about it . how can you lump bach and verdi into the same category and expect the same type of person to ... i can empathize . deep , deep down i am always afraid that if people get to know me they will not like me any longer , so i have real difficulties opening up to anybody . basically i only trust my family ... it depends . if telling the truth will hurt people , i will lie and have no problem at all with it . there are too many people who enjoy hurting others by being brutally honest when it is not ... from personal experience i would agree . i normally have a much harder time with i than with t . with the introverts you never know were you are because they will not open up , and i am continually ... of course nobody knows better what type you are than yourself , but are you totally sure you are not p ? granted , i rate very high on the j scale , so i might be an extreme case , but i have never met a ... the best test is : if somebody phones you now and invites you for this evening to do something you normally like doing , are you happy and excited or are you frazzled , because you have to change all ... i think this way of thinking can be dangerous . i remember there was a book a couple of years ago about a woman who got diagnosed with breast cancer and everybody kept telling her that she would be ... i wish i could thank you twice for that post , it is so true ! benevolent creator it might perhaps be , if it was a conscious decision , which it normally is not ( although disgusting is a very strong word ) . and i did not say they cannot cope , they hit a hard spot and if they had to ... i do not see myself as extremely feminist , but i think it is very difficult to separate nature from nurture here . there is a very strong social pressure for women to have children and if you do not ... oh yes , i can . i try to tell myself that not everybody is as sensitive as i am and especially t types often do not remember something i feel bad about for days . which is why i find it so relaxing ... why do you think it is your job to get her to do something ? and i do not mean that provocatively or accusingly . you sound a bit like a father trying to get his daughter to get a life . if you are her ... why is she not doing what you think she should do ? normally enfj are not procrastinators , so there should be a reason why she is not doing something . given the t / f difference it might be that she is ... yes , unfortunately it is . it is a kind of damned if you do and damned if you do not situation . either you get overlooked or you get told you are too aggressive for behaviour that would be accepted , ... no , most of the time i am not confident , but people would never guess it . i can be very decisive , but afterwards there always will be doubts . should i have said that , should i have said it this way , ... and obviously people liked you - a lot . that should count for something . do not burn them , give them to somebody to keep for you . that way , you do not have to look at them , but they will be there ... and that is part of the problem . i cannot not connect with people in the room , especially if they are quite and in the corner , because i think about how lonely they might feel . but getting noticed ... yes , i am ambitious , to get approval from people that matter . i want people to approve of me , to be proud for me , to think i do well . i am not ambitious in the sense that i want to have lots of ... quite often i go into a party or seminar or any meeting with the plan not to say anything , especially nothing controversial , to be quiet , on the edge of the room , so nobody will notice me . but ... to be alone , especially the idea that all my immediate family might be dead in the future and nobody there who knows me any longer . it really depends on what you mean by your descriptions . in my opinion i get things done , and fast , but my solutions would likely strike and nt or sj as being not objective or detailled enought and ... i have an excellent memory for the most unimportant things , but i cannot for the life of me fit faces with names . i know the faces , i know the names , but i have a really hard time to identify that ... enfj can choose careers because somebody with a strong influence favours that career and they do not want to disappoint . but having said that : in my experience college majors have not much to do with ... one more point : when i took the test it said very clearly that you are the best judge of your character , so if you are that uncomfortable with the result ( and have tested enfj before ) i would go with ... good luck ! i have been studying both chinese and japanese and the moment you stop actively learning and / or using the characters they are gone , so keep at it ! let us now how your test turns out . exactly my list ! i have to admit i also like books for the escape they offer . and you get to meet so many new people ( even if they are only fictional ) '