' yep . in the beginning , we had near constant intellectual discussions---he wanted to know my opinion on everything . it was a little stressful , only because most of my friends wouldn't go that ... i had to think about this for a while . i'd say the most easily recognized symptom of sadness for me is exhaustion . if you can imagine having a stone in your chest , weighing you down as you walk ... if i wanted to hook up with a stranger , being a girl it'd be pretty easy . i'd go to a fraternity house in something low-cut , get / act drunk , and that's pretty much it . you really don't have to try all ... i've always hated this about pro-choicers . the lack of scientific backing they put into their arguments gives me a headache , and i find myself just not being able to debate with them anymore . if they ... i've had to live with an both an esfj sister and college roommate . i think the biggest issue i have with them is their tendency to talk a lot , but other than that , if you haven't managed to get on ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GmFp0I8AZqw i feel like such an child saying this , but i have an intense fear of being around emotional outbursts , so if someone raises their voice , bawls , has a panic attack , or makes violent physical gestures ... starting posts and then abandoning them ? this is a constant for me . ever since i went away to college , i've found i'm unable to type my thoughts out as easily as i once could . it's quite frustrating ... are any of you intjs overtly nice ? meaning , you can't help but feel bad for and watch out for others---giving most people the benefit of the doubt . laugh tracks . the ones who make facebook shrines to their relationship and / or frequently post about how bad their life is trying to make everyone feel sorry for them . people who judge everyone ... i'd rather elope , but in reality know i'd never be able to go through with it . i like my family too much . it's not that marriage isn't important to me , i just don't like large ceremonies , or people , ... - atheism : agnostic catholic . - vegetarian and veganism : no - pansexuality , bisexuality , or asexuality : straight . i'm actually not a big fan of all these new sexual titles . i mean , do i really ... what a jerk . i try to avoid treating others badly , but i think shunning people who do stuff like that is reasonable , lets them know their behavior is unacceptable . though , it's also very ... 1 . deciding to teach myself japanese when i was sixteen , then russian when i was eighteen ... because i was bored . 2 . fossil hunting , obsessing over trilobites and placoderms , things that went ... so i have an intj of whom i'm having a long distance relationship with . we got to spend the winter break together , but he left for college a couple of days ago and the last night i saw him he even ... what can i do for an intj that's really sad ? i go on a two to three mile long walk every day to meditate . it's impulsive , i can't think straight if i'm not allowed to do it . i also enjoy hiking and biking out in the country when i have the ... i suffer from delayed sleep phase syndrome , which essentially means i'm nocturnal---more than just a late night person . i like that i get to be alone , but it's also constricting . sometimes i wish i ... my high school psychology class took the mbti test with twelve participants , only two claimed to be sensors ( pretty sure i was the only n in the room ) . my vocations class also took it , and about half ... my entj brother randomly decided to be a vegetarian from when he was seven to eleven years old . i never understood why , but because i didn't eat all that much meat myself , he kept trying to convince ... i have two male infj friends . one of them thought i was keeping secrets long before i had anything to keep . the other is new and thinks i'm completely transparent , even now that i do keep secrets . ... are we mysterious ? i've been told by several peers that i'm hard to read or complicated . but it's not just the comments , there are some individuals dead set on getting me to reveal my ... i've always gone for intjs , even before i knew what an intj was . but i'm generally attracted to functions different from mine , so i could see an intp falling for an ixfp---fi especially always ... i'm taking an antidepressant now , but i forgot to take it for some five days back in september and it caused me to become delusional . i swear it effects everyone differently , but in equally terrible ... add was the diagnosis , but yeah , i have it . they decided i had attention problems when i was four . the real issue was , i couldn't be disciplined , because i always saw the things adults told me as up ... though i tend to feel things very strongly while listening to music , i always found crying over songs to be kind of difficult . that's probably just my tendency towards things though . i don't cry over ... that would explain a lot . your kind isn't very emotionally open are they ? he's been super sappy with me ever since we started hanging out , but whenever things get too intense he ends up pretending it ... would an intj ever cuddle someone they didn't like ? mine doesn't want to call what we have anything more than platonic , but then everything he ever does suggests otherwise . we're quite ... are most intjs super physically affectionate ? i've really been feeling the fi-se with mine recently . we'll be having these deep intellectual discussions , and he'll end up cuddling me for five ... when i got my wisdoms extracted at seventeen , i refused pain killers . but that was more because i was pissed at having to be put out with anesthetics and undergo a surgical procedure . it wasn't bad ... intp , 22 i don't really think aspergers is connected to being an nt . all of the really intellectual nts i've met are eccentric and harbor intense hobbies , but they also have really good ... what specifically do you find confusing ? also , types generally don't work that way . i understand what you mean though . if you've read into the cognitive functions , you could re-word it and say ... i look for people with opposite functions . mixes things up . particularly , i like the te-fi combo . te makes me feel organized and safe , fi just seems more genuine . entp , esfj , isfj---all of ... i think i can be practical when i want to be . the issue with conflict is , i love to debate and i'm happy when people voice their opinions , it's just when they start getting emotional i draw a line ... this isn't the case , but i understand where you're coming from . one of my best friends ( an enfp ) is suicidal and has frequent panic attacks . i never know what's going to set her off and it's very ... i've know this friend since we were thirteen , and a little over a year ago i figured out she was suicidal . really , i don't know much what to do except make myself available to hang out when she needs ... i'd say i probably get a lot more of this crap than most people do . i have add , so throughout school i've been forced to go to learning support for help and accommodations , and those places are often ... i can be kind of passive sometimes and i feel like i have to explain myself to nice people , meaning , they're not aggressive . thank you for being so understanding . i was worried people would ... i've asked him more times than i can count to stop digging at my personal issues , and he's refused every time . i've tried asking nicely , indirectly , given subtle hints , told him flat out that i ... i have really bad anxiety , the kind that can cause constant physical symptoms like nausea , headaches , shaking , and sleep deprivation . my friends all know about it , not because i want help , but ... i typically know someone is an infj when they're deeply interested in getting me to open up . why do you do this ? the one that has multiple panic attacks a week yet denies there's anything wrong with them . or the one that gets anxiously latched onto their inferior si to the point where they won't try new food ... i have a thing with an intj as of recently , and while i don't think they mind unemotional women , from my understanding , they like the sensitive and supportive ones . now , i'm an intp yes , which is ... i don't much understand what people mean when they say breakdown . couldn't that mean a lot of things ? some people call an anxiety attack a mental breakdown , others use the term to describe a fit of ... i have three younger brothers and one younger sister . one day when i was out kayaking for a family reunion , i told my youngest brother and cousin ( both only five years old at the time ) that there ... i usually don't want or expect the same things most people do when experiencing strong negative emotions , so it's always been difficult for me to know what to do when they just drop their feelings in ... i usually leave when experiencing strong emotions , never having the energy to explode / deal with people at that moment . when sad , i feel like i can barely move ( much less go into hysterics ) . when ... there are a lot of things intps will do in the pursuit of knowledge , but paying $ 650 to access a sugar daddy website ? what sort of tests could he possibly be running ? it's highly likely he has a ... someone said it . i actually find the probing to be fruitless though . even if i give in and tell the infj what i'm thinking , there's a huge difference between hearing and comprehending . i feel super ... look into the cognitive functions . for intps , these are : ti - personal logic . intps are constantly analyzing everything , because we obsess over accuracy . our opinions are well thought out . ... '