' after reading the op , first hot for teacher by van halen popped into my head then don't stand so close to me by the police afterward . i saw all of the movies . lahey has such a huge crush on julian but he has to settle for randy . what ever happened to lahey and barb's daughter anyway ? i love ricky and bubbles ' obsession with ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-LIEr43_wk i love how the boys constantly abuse corey and trevor and basically treat them like dogs . i also love when ricky burned down his dad's trailer and explained what happened to him . the whole thing was ... i love how everyone in trailer park boys , everyone thinks conkey is a real person except for julian . i love all the little things in trailer park boys like how julian's rum in coke is always almost ... yeah i saw fear . i have mixed opinions on fear the walking dead . i hated every character except for strand ( the black drug dealer guy ) . i hated the dad the most as he seemed really incompetent .  ... i love trailer park boys ! i can't wait for season 10 . my other current favorite shows are sherlock , the walking dead , hell on wheels , it's always sunny in philly and south park . my other ... i've been that guy ... i don't mean to be a jerk who just vanishes but its in my nature . it's like what orelli says somethings for us istjs its hard us to understand other peoples emotions sometimes ... this is my theme song http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UrgpZ0fUixs http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l3LFML_pxlY http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8O317T6Zlno my ideal partner would be a girl with long hair , who is petite , with pretty eyes and long legs . she would be very feminine , introverted ( more of the shy introverted , i think it's the cutest thing ... tomorrow's fine with me . be warned though our marriage is probably going to be like frank reynolds and charlie kelly . i'm an istj and i relate to estj characters . king theodon from lotr , jack bartlett from ace combat 5 , gunnery sgt . hartmen from full metal jacket , col . kilgore apocalypse now , etc . istj fictional hero : captain jack heartbreak one bartlett ace combat 5 . i am assuming bartlet is an estj . he's rational , believes in order , is a firm leader and is tough on his trainee pilots ... i guess every forum's got it's trolls ... yet you still left a comment ... just say what you were originally going to say . this is definitely true and it bothers me when people keep saying things like gender roles are made up or something along those lines . are their girls into guy stuff and vice versa ? sure . however , ... out of curiosity what type of skating ? ice skating ? i love playing hockey myself . maybe not kramer . but jerry broke up with girlfriends for dumb reasons , got that indian guy deported , refused to thank his friend for rangers tickets , pretended to be a nazi so he could go to ... i love seinfeld but i am not a big friends fan either . however , all of the seinfeld characters are the worst of society which was the point of the show . friends simply wasn't my style of humor ... another character i believe to be a badass istj is that of captain jack aubrey from master and commander : the far side of the world . i believe that captain jack aubrey is an istj becomes he ... a chevy 350 crate engine and a new pair of hockey skates . i am an istj man and i don't know any of the specific types but i've always been attracted to girls who were more emotional and nurturing than i am . i'm guessing one of the f types . my ... i'm not sure all of my friends type but here are two that i do no for a fact . friend 1 : mbti type : estj gender : male quality 1 : we both love fishing , shooting , hunting and cars . we fish ... i can't stand political correctness or that modern trigger warning crap . i too often feel out of touch with the modern day culture . i don't understand social media or hashtags . i'm more interested my ... 1 . what are its school colors ? red , black and gold 2 . what is its motto ? for duty , honor and valor . 3 . does it have any unusual rules ? 4 . what is its animal symbol ? a knight on a horse . as ... i agree with you on this . i have no idea what 99 % of people's types are in . when it comes to group projects or playing a sport i need my team to be hardworking and dependable . i have a good friend who is an infp and i get along well with him . i have another who is a fellow istj who i get along well with and one who i believe is an estj i get along well with . another friend ... you're not alone . it bothers me too when companies discontinue products . as a skateboarder i hate it when companies discontinue deck graphics and i hate then using my boards that have those ... perhaps duty fulfiller and masculine don't go hand in hand and perhaps they do , either could be true . i ask because of myself is more traditional masculine and i read that a lot of istj and estjs ... that's not a priority right now . istj male 94.73 masculine points 34 feminine points 59 androgynous points aragorn from lord of the rings - he becomes king of gondor only as his duty to keep peace in middle earth . he is introverted , has a great knowledge of middle earth's history and spends a lot of time ... disclaimer - i am not saying males should be traditionally masculine and females should be traditionally feminine . this is simply how i am and i am curious if others with the same personality are ... playing baseball playing hockey watching baseball watching hockey restoring old cars ( my 1986 camaro iroc z ) skateboarding bmx fishing hunting / target shooting listening to music ( mostly ... hello i learned that i was an istj about a year ago and recently have become more interested in the personalities . i look forward to being apart of this community . '