' one of my few love poems : love the ghost beat . thump . one of my favourite pastimes is walking into the bathroom , closing the door , standing infront of the mirror and talking to my self . like you i usually spend the time explaining theories , and revising ... let's see , i've been told many times i am a coward ... which i am starting to believe . i hate pain and refuse to be put in any situation that makes me want to hide . i also don't have much of a sense of ... ... but what about tax ? : unsure : i took the initiative and invited someone over to a party being hosted by family / family friends . i was actually really forward to it , so when they blew me off ... i actually feel kinda , disappointed . ... thank you for replying but ... none of you are making the list ... that was the real point of this thread ... yes . it occasionaly has to do with language barrier ( urdu is my second language and i don't know all the grammar rules ) and the other times ... i don't know what i did wrong . i acted polite and had ... i got a list depicting what a true friend is in an email today . ( it was one of those stupid chainmails . ) but it got me thinking ... here i'll show you the list : true friends will stick up for ... i'd ask god why ? and if i didn't like his answer ( for example if he said that the only reason he created human beings was because he was bored and felt sadistic ... which is my best guess right now ) ... when life gives you lemons ... you throw them out cuz you're allergic to lemons and go find a chocolate bar instead . i usually just simplify the sentence for their meager brains by saying how do you not know that ? also i refuse to acknowledge your presence . ( though that one's only really used when i'm ... i am the exact same ! ! like the riots in england ! i find them funny ; wrong , but funny ! ... that video isn't available in my country ... do they have a thing against canadians or something ? elaborate ? then when they ask the meaning of elaborate ( which they do quite often ) . leave me alone . that doesn't make any sense ? did you know ... my sister's an esfj and the only time she uses a computer is for studying , social networking and watching dramas online . she's currently hooked to heartland ( that show about farms and horses . ) . she's ... ... the website for the canadian branch of mensa has a beaver on it ... i don't like beavers ... so no . i don't think i'll join anything associated with beavers . not sure if there's already a thread like this out there but i'll continue on anyways . what is a phrase that you find yourself saying the most frequently ( as in , at least ten or more times a ... if the conflict concerns me in a way i deem worthy , then i'll confront it . if not , then i could care less . then i'm imagining things again . ... i do that quite often , really . :P i am afraid that i am going to fall in love with someone , whom i know that the chances of being together with , are slim . and i know that i will most probably be dissapointed . and therefore , i'm ... ... you look a lot like someone i know ... but she's a girl ... any chance you're her brother ? ... i mean , have you ever lived in british columbia , canada before ? ( i doubt it though . your location says ... fighting about it on an online forum isn't going to change anything . edit : also i might as well add that i agree with most of the posts on this thread . 9/11 was most definitely orchestrated . a ... it would be a hundered percent accurate to call me an eccentric ... but an intellegent eccentric ... no idea . does it really matter who did it ? the fact is , it was done . people died . and the consequence is that even more people are dying . that's all . instead of playing the blame game , wouldn't it be better ... i just watched an episode of criminal minds before i read and replied to your post . in that episode they were looking for a suspect that chose his victims due to facial symmetry . that means that all ... ... i wanna try that . : o i know right ! ! ! though , i'd be much more comfortable posting a pic of my bedroom ( someone mentioned it in the first few pages ) . ... is there a thread like that already ? while you make a good point , and i rebuffed my reason for the poll , i might as well make it clear that i did not make the poll with the intention of having the voters make their desicion depending on ... no , no i did not , which i realize was very stupid of me . broken homes are far too common and the results are far too varied for them to be of any use for me , or to use the statistics to form any ... ... and it has to be coloured ! ( for some reason i hate colouring anything in . ) the internet has been made illegal for the numerous cases of permanent brain damage it has caused . all violaters ... i realize that . and i am able to understand why i enjoy the things i do . but , i want an actual , solid reason for introversion . or at least a list of reasons . right now , i find that the reason ... i live in canada ( where it is illegal to me married at 15 ) . and i want to get a higher degree of education before i marry . my parents completely agree with me on that . and yes , being married early is ... i know . i just want to know why i am the way i am . ... wtf ? damn . i can't enter just the above because it's below 10 characters so i just added this random scentence to help fix that . but the main reason for this post is .  ... wtf ? nice idea but , i happen to be fifteen ... and am a muslim ... yeah . if my mum thought i had a boyfriend ... it wouldn't be pretty . thanks for the advice though . :D yesterday , while i was browsing through the various threads i came across this one : http://personalitycafe.com/intp-forum-thinkers/22323-your-childhood.html in this thread , various intp's ... i've just realized , regarding osama bin laden , he was rich , influential man . one of the wealthiest people in the country . he had everything he could ever want and yet , he just threw it all away and ... never . in fact my mother usually goes out of her way everyday to say that i will make my in laws hate me , just because i don't like cleaning my room , can't cook a decent meal and don't know how to ... wow ... i've just read this whole thread and ... wow . you see on the internet thousands of people supporting 9/11 and hating muslims and here ... you fellow intp's ... wow ... good job . thinking for yourself ... i don't mind getting stared at . in fact , i quite enjoy staring right back . it's fun to watch people squirm ... that's not very intp of me is it ? eh , well . who cares . i come first ! :) god damn it . i just spent five minutes typing a detailed reply and accidently hit the back button ... it's all gone now ... damn . it . anyways here's a shorter version . i like school except ... oh how i envy you people ! i'm stuck at home with an annoyingly in denial extroverted mother ( she says she doesn't have friends and is therefore introverted , when she goes out to a dinner party at ... no . i don't really care much for online tests or anything . i just got miffed that an inanimate object ( of sorts ) called me stupid and / or unintelligent . but , regarding the factual test , i might just ... when i said smart and stupid , i meant the modern stereotypes associated with those words . people who are mentally retarded are not to be evaluated the same way as the stereotypically stupid person . i ... when you make a list of all the people whoes names you know in school , then rate them by how well you know them , then by how well you like them , then by how smart they are , then by how intellegent ... you know you're an inituitive when : you start every conversation with did you know ... someone is swearing at you and you interrupt their rant by wondering out loud where the modern terminology of ... ... i now have the urge to stop saying balony and say balonya ... i am not going to even bother resisting this temptation ... i also can't wait till someone i know says balony so that i can correct ... when you read this quote and immediately used google to find out how traffic lights really work , and spent a good five minutes of your time reading the extensive and detailed article and as a result , ... really ? oh . didn't know that . now i do . so nose it is ... thanks , now i'm afraid of insects crawling up my nose . and i wouldn't underestimate the insects ! they're aliens from outer space ! ( ... i do hope ... that's exactly what i thought when she said it ! ! ! : o ( just didn't mention it in the post because it was beside the point . ) '