' here's a short documentary about life as a canadian https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F-glHAzXi_M many people believe that it is anonymous , and in the context of my statement what matters is whether enough users believe it is anonymous , not whether it is actually anonymous by the standards of ... i agree that iq tests have a subjective component to them , but i was asking why he thought my apparent beliefs regarding iq tests had anything to do with whether the criticisms of iq tests which i ... i stopped playing years ago , and i hardly think an anonymous online forum is much more real life than wow is , but thanks for your concern anyways . i'm surprised so many intps are just accepting the ops implied premise that we create more shit ( which has yet to be adequately defined ) than other personality types . it seems to me like the op is ... i had two failed attempts at starting a company if that counts . this is a very helpful website / magazine business news & strategy for entrepreneurs | entrepreneur.com and national business ... based on my 1 hour of knowing you i can say in all honesty ( - 1 ) ^ 0.5 ( whatever that means ) that's the nicest thing anyone's ever coded for me :'( here , have a fractal : http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d6/Finite_subdivision_of_a_radial_link.png to understand recursion , one must first understand recursion . what ? ! yes you can . i think this is a funny movie title http://youtu.be/8EjQZaLO9ao?t=1m45s i think one thing intps and intjs can agree on is that we're the only personality types which can be written as one character variables . int p; int j ; all the different personality types with their unique yet seemingly balanced skills and weaknesses , plus having their own areas to retreat to ( and occasionally get ambushed in ) , reminded me of world ... what's dream science ? it sounds interesting , pick that . almost everyone . get in the van . i'm sorry to hear that man , we can be jerks ( but not as much as intjs ) . but no matter how stoic she seemed you probably did mean something to her , even if she didn't express it in a way anyone else ... i have a similar problem and i've lived here my whole life . have you tried googling something like [ adjective ] bars in [ city ] or [ genre ] concerts in [ city ] ? they're too sexy . i like this reporting from the front lines . i think some shit is going down . how much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood ? i like to explore the hidden aspects of human experience , and i value science . i love that so much . intp dream come true . and all this time i thought compilers were mean because they only give you negative feedback , but all along it was to protect us from the criticisms of ... people being wrong , and the outcomes of people being wrong , so almost everything . masturbation . i don't even understand those kinds of potential social cues with normal girls . i think that there are very few universal social cues , so what one person may consider an obviously signal , another ... i'm no expert on any of this , but here goes . try to put yourself in their shoes . i know it can be hard , no one knows what other people are actually thinking , and that's where the issue is . the ... i agree with promethea , if you can do anything to prevent any kind of blackmail then do it , unless it costs you more than the blackmail itself . i will often read an email just so it will be marked as read , even though i know i don't have the time or focus to actually read it then , and of course i end up forgetting about it afterwards since ... imagine if from your perspective your whole world existed in your mind . introverts in general , but especially intps , fill the holes in their lives which most people use social interaction to fill , ... democracy has the potential to cause more harm than good for most of the citizens of a given society . i expect people to treat me based on some minimal standards of politeness , unless i do not reciprocate . i seldom deliberately split hairs or stir the pot , and when i do it's either among my friends ... it just seemed to me that most intelligent people i know appear to be less happy than other people i know appear to be . but maybe this was confirmation bias because now one example came to my mind of ... i was good at individual sports like swimming and archery , but i never enjoyed them that much and stopped practicing as soon as my parents stopped forcing me to go . if my friends really want to watch ... i took several different free mbti tests online because i heard about it alot in psychology . i didn't have much faith in personality tests until i read the description of a typical intp , it was such ... i was wondering whether to pass intp to a function rather than make it a comment , but that seemed simpler . how did you know ? ? i have alot of strong opinions on this recent mass obsession with attempting to control other people's vocabulary under the pretext of activism . the people who preach this bs don't get much criticism ... i'm not a professional programmer but i have done it as a hobby for about 8 years , most of my family members have worked as programmers , and i have several friends who work in the field . i feel ... why ? i dropped out of school because it got in the way of my learning it's too bright outside today , i'll stay home why does the library close so early on sundays ? last night i wrote a ... i was being tongue in cheek . my real reasoning is based on the criticisms i mentioned . edit : i don't appreciate your attempt at psychoanalysis , nor do i think it is relevant to whether iq is an ... do intps and infps work well together in intimate relationships ? lisa simpsons once observed an inverse correlation between intelligence and happiness , and it sounded true to me . but are dumb people any happier ? maybe what they gain in not worrying about ... wikipedia says that ( / wiki / illusory_superiority #iq ) i wasn't that surprised to find that people would overestimate their cognitive ability ( assuming iq is a reliable proxy for it ) when they are ... i can only speak for myself : i am an intp and i am extremely confident in my intelligence and my competence in thinking . they are talent's i've worked on extensively my whole life and i believe i ... joining a forum about personality types is a good way to learn more about yourself , and others , especially if you thought you were a weirdo your whole life . welcome fellow daydreamer ! i was in my elementary schoolboard's gifted program , partly because i got above a certain score on a mandatory iq test , so i assumed iq was an objective may to measure intelligence . in high school i ... '