' yeah , i get that way too with characters i really relate to . there's always that possibility of projection , but at the same time , you might just be right . i think he probably is isfp . i relate a lot ... that's interesting . i've always assumed actually that he took a lot from sephiroth . sephiroth was very much the cool , uninterested , it's my job , don't worry . don't thank me , i'm just doing what ... that all sounds about right to me . you know the thing i never quite understood about cloud's storyline was he admired zack , and it's stated he wanted to be cool like him . but zack strikes me as ... honestly i find i'm bad because i'm emotionally damaged ( which is my more delicate way of rephrasing butthurt ) to be way more interesting than i'm bad cos i like it . villains with complex ... pretty interesting read , and relevant to this thread : the greatest villains of every myers-briggs type - the idealists - psychology junkie pretty interesting read on nf villains and their motivations : the greatest villains of every myers-briggs type - the idealists - psychology junkie yeah , zuko is an absolutely fantastic infp character cos he's so layered and so atypical of infp portrayals . rather than being the wide-eyed idealist or the whimsical hippy , he's a walking embodiment ... and thanks , monsieur melancholy , for such a flattering write-up ! true dat ! it's also true that people mistake expression of a cognitive function for the function itself . it's luna acts nothing like the intps i know ( read : stereotypical intps like , yeah , ... exactly , yeah ! it's usually a case of , oooh , she so kooky and weird ! she must be infp ! nup ! people forget that fi and ti can be kooky and weird , ti perhaps more-so at times because it deals in ... in fact , i figured i'd compile a list of funky's infp villains ( or at least characters who , at some point during their respective narratives , were antagonists . ) i find them usually to be very ... ^ indeed . i'm an infp , and i could as easily say from that perspective that luna's not an infp . this is by far the best argument i've heard for luna's type so far , and it states intp quite ... i've gone back on forth on what anakin's personality is over the years , as he's just so hard to type based on the .. less-than-stellar direction / scripts in the prequel trilogy . the one area i've ... haha , i've been off the old perc for a bit and had no idea this was going down ! gave me a good grin though . there are certainly a few folks who would say i have orton's temper ... ! i'm using right and left here in the modern , informal sense , meaning conservative and liberal . i should probably stop doing that , but it's a hard habit to break , especially with the confusion ... star wars : rebels ? yeah , it's an animated series set between revenge of the sith and a new hope done in the same style as the clone wars series . is it any good ? yes . in my opinion , it's very good . shame this thread hasn't gotten any replies so far . i'm interested on people's takes , especially now season 1 is done and the season 2 pilot has been shown . my thoughts on the ghost's crew : ... haha , i don't think many people would describe me as lovable even though i am an infp . i was viewed as extremely weird in school . even in university i was considered slightly off-beat . perhaps ... kill you ? for what , making sense ? honestly , it's people like you who help remind me what feminism is really about . so often i want to swear off being an ally for good because every other day i ... i think you're right here . my father's partner , whom i mentioned , is exactly like this . she is unnecessarily critical and judgemental of almost everyone she meets , and i truly believe that she does ... can't believe i missed this one i my initial post ! yeah , i absolutely hate it when people decide for themselves who you are or what your motivations are and blindly barge ahead with those ... love your list . the bolded ones especially apply to me , too ! excellent summary of the cap and his relationships with his comrades and self . totally agree . frances could well be an esfp . i went enfp cos his output seems more ne to me than se . unlike reece who's very much about the thrill of the act , frances seems to often be making statements and has ... one nf atheist reporting . although i'm guessing the op re-posted the thread where they originally intended ... yeah . i became atheist when the idea of god ( which i'd held to most of my life , despite never being religious ) stopped making sense to me . it was actually because of a christian friend . i was ... ain't nothing fluffy about this one . people who know me really well will tell you i'm a softy at heart . and they're not wrong . but none of it is light and fluffy . i honestly can't think of two ... ( nice idea for a thread ! ) a disillusioning , confounding 8 months of loss , and questions to which i have yet to find answers , but from which i feel the next chapter of my life is to begin . i wonder . she's never mentioned it to my knowledge . might be an interesting thing for someone to ask her at a convention or something . you and me both . i'm more or less convinced now ... i've never been able to get down with the cuddly & cutesy idea of infps . deep down i'm very sentimental and a bit of a softy , yeah . but my outward personality is somewhat severus snape-esque : ... i'm more the stereotypical infp here : absolutely hopeless at maths , my strengths lying in art , literature , drama , sociology , psychology , etc . science i have a deep appreciation for , though . one ... no worries ! yeah , that's as good a reason as any , and what a lot of folks do . and if you've got a plan for life after , that keeps you from falling into the slave trap . the only danger is ... i've been tefling in japan for the past 7 years . the article is needlessly sensationalist and bleak , but there is a certain glass ceiling to the whole tefl / tesol thing . speaking for myself , i came ... it's funny , i have a good enfp friend , and the two of us together portray the infp-enfp dichotomy to a t . she'll talk incessantly for ages , running off on random tangents , forgetting what her ... yeah , this sounds very similar to how i get sometimes . the bold quote , yeah . that's how i get , too . i don't think there much fluffiness in me , really ( although i do have my massively mushy ... ellicat that was really well-explained ! i'm definitely more dark than positive . but ultimately it's all the same thing for infps . idealism gives us a certain perspective . that perspective is how we think things should be . i think many ... judging from what you've said on other threads , you're very young , right ? in your teens ? i think the idea of change can be very troubling for a teenager . after all , you're just starting to figure ... i certainly think we're very similar on the surface . but i'm guessing it all comes down to that ne and se . we're both introverts , so there's bound to be a lot of reflection and introspection . but ... you know nothing of my philosophy , nor i warrant the others you've encountered with similar stances . you merely infer your own conclusion onto what we stand for . it is precisely our lack of purpose ... wow , it's like you've known me my whole life , really ... > _ > good god , you're pompous . and replying with nothing but speculation and conjecture . which is fine , but don't act like you have some ... i have been asking myself these questions constantly for years . i think i was 8 when i first started . the part about seeing from these two eyes is almost exactly how i word it , too . it is a ... my longest-standing best friend is another infp . we've known each other a long , long time ( 24 years now ) and are like slight variations on the same character . we have the same thoughts , think in ... haha , that's good ! i know exactly how you feel , though ; my year as an exchange student in nagoya was the best year of my life . but rather ironically , i got little out of the actual learning ... the hell ... ? i had a similar question - nothing lie as rude . but i've asked a number of people about it and they have all deemed it inappropriate . the interviewer asked me why i was applying for an ... thanks for taking the time to pen out some advice . i appreciate it . if i may , where did you work in japan ? the problem i have is when there's a group of interviewers . i've always done well ... does anyone else really , really suck at them ? i just tried for a new job that i honestly thought i'd be a shoe-in for . it was a esl ( english as a second language ) tutoring position at my old ... does anyone else really , really suck at them ? i just tried for a new job that i honestly thought i'd be a shoe-in for . it was a esl ( english as a second language ) tutoring position at my old ... i think the op probably means the kind of rpg where you create an original character . whilst some create entirely original characters , some create one that is them , in essence . but heavily ... the brooding stereotype is true of me at least . but the thing with brooding is it's not outwardly emotional . brooding comes from a person agonising over all their inner feelings and rarely ... '