' http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-9QjARWd5a84/T3OXHJJbe1I/AAA34/OVtLNvwpMvI/s190/nod-of-approval.gif me too . once i'm done , i'm done . we be cold as ice ! i used to shave my legs in college when i was playing hoops . it only took once for the trainer to not use any pre-wrap when taping my ankles . after that , i shaved my legs until i was done playing ... watched an episode of person of interest ... this song is now stuck in my head : http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=iR_ofi7myRM sexual 50 % social 54 % what is all this talk about getting a text out of the blue from an attractive female being creepy ? is this real life ? if women basically throw themselves at you guys , you turn them down ? ( when ... highlight the wall of text , right click , and choose less words , please ! it helps me read posts i'd normally just groan and skip over . walls of text and no cliffs ? ! shake your head no more ! if you use chrome , let me aware you on a tldr browser plugin : stremor's tldr plugin :: powered by liquid helium ... there are so many feels in this thread now ... i don't even ... i ... i ... uh ... being an istj has nothing to do with you being socially awkward and not confident . all it means is you have certain preferences . it will not prevent you from being colorful , social , or cold ... http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-57Jj1VGg88s/Tx7lQ5jZJHI/AAAYc/AZ-xdDHkTsA/s1600/bert20stare.gif easy there , gotye . after i breakup with a lady friend , i cut call contact , and all items are removed * . i don't even really dwell too much about the relationship either ... because when i decided ... serenity . squeeing ? what is this sorcery ? this pretty much sums up what was going through my head while reading that ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WDgq-K2oYLo personally , i prefer limited contact , and a random try-to-be-funny / random actually-is-funny text doesn't even register on the radar for me , especially if i'm busy , which i usually am . if you ... i never wanted to be a superhero as a kid . i knew deep down , there was no santa claus , no easter bunny , and no superheroes . it actually does ... not to a t of course , but it's pretty close . i'm that there elephant . http://chzgifs.files.wordpress.com/2011/07/inp1.gif 1 ) sure , why not ? 2 ) it would have to be within driving distance . 3 ) istj meetup would be interesting . i wonder if everybody would just be ... from a male's perspective , female beauty is subjective , but some aspects are also objective , imo . a better understanding of what women find attractive in a man , and what men find attractive in a ... these are the facts of life . hhnnngg . you are weird . this is not normal human activity . you are entitled to your opinion . imo , i think has a pretty good grasp on male / female dynamics . i concur with just about everything she typed based on the many experiences i have ... http://thechive.files.wordpress.com/2011/06/yesitis2.gif u200byou keep giving me excuses to use my favorite gifs . seems to me you already have your mind made up . which leaves me asking myself ... crappie running down there yet ? they're starting to up here . 4x6 , i'd be painted impressed ... i love alcohol . i'm a large human being , so i'm a bit annoyed at how much it takes for me to get a buzz . nothing better than a good whiskey on the rocks . that being said , i don't drink ... if it makes you feel any better , i've only had two speeding tickets ... both of which were in zones . $ 120 doesn't even begin to scratch the surface . stalker is such a harsh word . internets sleuthing is mo betta . qadosh i love you . http://dahambone.com/pics/wut.gif that's exactly what it means . i get what i need out of friendships from my male friends . any females who are close to me ... i consider them a girlfriend and intimate relations are involved . it's ... no details are necessary . really . ( srs ) was making sure the last one didn't morph from istj to istp to estj . haven't been around for a while . proof yet again that men and women can't be best friends without one of them wanting to sex the other . you both have families ? you both have already emotionally cheated , which is bad enough .  ... aware me . new guy ? or the major difference is what you define as a friend in the opposite sex and what he defines as a friend in the opposite sex are two completely different things . every friend i've had who ... being trustworthy . you break my trust , we're done ... forever . i'm not friends with any of my exes . once we're done , we're done . edit : i'm not saying i'm nasty with them if i happen to bump into them . i'm friendly , but i don't seek out contact , or make an ... which division ? boobs , face , butt , legs . in that order . it does apply . going to the gym is always so very interesting to me . every day i go , i get a smirk on my face because of some of the things i pick up on . i always notice one of two things with ... umad ? i'm pretty sure the guy knew what was on his mind , he just didn't find it relevant to discuss / complain about a motorcycle not starting to his lady friend . must a guy share all of his woes ... http://dahambone.com/pics/his-her-diary-same-say-motocycle.png take it to the next level . what does that even mean ? ! marriage ? if so , can somebody please explain to me why any american male would ever want to get married ? rant : just paid $ 1000 to fix a pin hole leak in my transfer case . i'm so annoyed because the leak is caused by poor design of the pump housing . had it been right in the first place , i would not ... are you ok ? you look upset . are you ok ? you're not saying much . nothing is ever good enough for you . you need to get out more . hey , how are you doing ? you never call . cutiepie - i'll tell you this ... personally , i don't spend a lot of time with the opposite sex unless there are romantic feelings involved . that being said , if my date went in for the kiss , i ... unchanged . still laughing at the . gif . i don't always drink coffee , but when i do , i prefer dunkin ' donuts original . with no creamer and no sugar ... i know ... i know ... http://dahambone.com/pics/watchout.png dafuq ? water is life . i drink 2-3 gallons a day . you'd hate me . instead of pouring the water in a cup , i'd drink voraciously straight from the gallon jug right in front of you , just to piss ... '