' existential thinkers : like to spend time thinking about philosophical issues such as what is the meaning of life ? try to see beyond the ' here and now ' , and understand deeper meanings ... i think this vals test is complete nonsense . i got striver / achiever ... which i felt was the complete opposite of my personality . for me i'm very disconnected from emotions . i usually don't realize i'm hurt , sad or angry until there are tears running down my face . almost as if my body recognizes the emotions i should feel , but ... i most certainly would want to know the exact time of my death . i don't understand why someone wouldn't want to know . it's not that i'd want to make a ' plan'--gosh how i hate planning , but i think it ... sure , i'm a woman and i enjoy being an intp . i like being classified as ' unique ' ; intp females are like . 5 - 1 % of the total population right ? being an intp is my identity--i like being introverted , i ... nope , i have a few friends ... and they are all female . i'm the oldest , with two younger autistic brothers . true , i agree with your entire post with the exception of religion--that doesn't really bother me . i absolutely adore manuals . i love finding out everything i can about whatever it is , i don't want to miss anything . hmm ... i like to think i'm open-minded and can step into a different mind-set and see things from their point of view . i like that i am never bored , i can always entertain myself ... with just ... 1 ) where do you all hide ? did the factory just explode at some point ? i usually hide at home , but if i'm in public i tend to blend in with my surroundings . i do everything possible to make sure i ... i don't notice too much of a difference to be honest . ravenclaw ! you scored 24 % slytherin , 52 % ravenclaw , 20 % gryffindor , and 28 % hufflepuff ! or yet in wise old ravenclaw , if you've a ready mind , where those of wit and learning , will always find ... i definitely relate ; i grew up with a mother who is an enfj ... she lives for communication and sharing feelings , any problem needs to be talked about repeatedly until she feels comfortable to move ... i don't appreciate poetry at all . it's never appealed to me ; i don't find it freeing , interesting or even worth my time . i get super obsessive and have to know and understand everything about one little thing . for example when i found out my personality was intp i read every book i could find , read every summary about ... this topic fascinates me . i find that it very much so applies to my life . i don't think i ever quite step out of my ' introverted bubble ' where no one can reach me ... and i think people for the ... i adore winning , but i've never felt like i have to win . i like the competition , i like the adrenaline and i like the challenge . but i feel uncomfortable if the game is unevenly matched or if the ... yeah , this is my life--exactly . my memory is extremely strange . my childhood for example , i have very vivid memories of certain things ( remembering whole bits of conversations , what things smelled like , my surroundings , the ... i dwell on my failures big time . i analyze everything i did wrong , what i could have done better ... and it just sits and twists in my gut until i finally get distracted by something . usually i can tolerate a lot , i generally shy away from conflict . but these things annoy me : close-mindedness - just try to wrap your mind around a different concept than you are used to , it's ... i've always thought video games were completely pointless . so i guess i'm one of the intp exceptions . while i can relate to forcing myself to express certain emotions ... i think the case for me is i have the emotions , but i don't recognize them . i might express them by smiling or crying , but ... i've sat for about 10 minutes trying to think of the last time i was excited ... and i'm coming up blank . some have mentioned getting excited about important changes that will affect their life . for ... it's extremely hard for me to remember my dreams . if i am lucky i can remember maybe once every four months . but when i do remember my dreams , it's never vivid . i just get a sense of what is ... of course there are different levels of introversion . and being introverted isn't about isolation , it's about how you deal with the world and your problems . such as do you solve your problems ... it is extremely difficult if not impossible for me to share my creative work with others . first of all the task of actually completing something is difficult all in itself . and then to show someone ... i'm not very focused--it takes a lot for me to finish something . also i'm not very good handling emotions of others or what they expect from me . i never actively seek out music . i actually don't understand why so many people eat and breathe music--i enjoy my silence . it bothers me when people need to have music playing in the car or any other ... i do have trouble relating to women , but i feel as though i have trouble relating to everyone . it's not a matter of i feel more comfortable around men than women ; i just really have trouble relating ... i would only talk when asked direct questions . i would nod and occasionally smile if i am supposed to be amused . after awhile if i am reaching my breaking point i would interject and say , i need to ... my mother : enfj my father : istj imagine how surprised they were when they had a child who hated planning . :) when i was younger , my relationship with my mother wasn't good . she would ... depending on the situation , a or c is probably what i would do . i'm not really one to sit and feel guilty and very rarely do i shrug something off . in situations like competition / games , i ... eh ... it depends on the situation . generally , no ... i don't really feel comfortable with public affection . the occasional hand holding or a quick kiss here or there is okay . but it just doesn't ... i adore being an intp . i love who i am , but like others have stated ... i wish i was a bit more extroverted so it would be easier to meet people . but overall i'm perfectly content being extremely ... i adore my pc , i can't imagine my life without it . before i attempt to do anything in public , i have to practice it beforehand by myself and go over everything that could go wrong . i need to perfect it , but at the same time i don't want to be so ... it's very hard for me to let go of stuff , it's not something that comes naturally to me . i think about it too much and analyze everything and anything that could have / did go wrong . for instance ... i can greatly related to this post . everything is exactly the same , except i am 2 inches shorter . i hate people i don't know picking me up or resting their elbow on my head ( same with people i do ... what makes me ( an intp ) happy : computers lots of alone time people who are complicated but laid back no drama indian food sleep competence discussions / debates about my interests of course it depends on the degree of manipulation but this is probably what i would do: if i don't know the person , i usually just give them a look and then walk away . i usually don't feel it ... i am one of the mythical intp females . i'm surprised that so many intp females have said that they would be found at a library . while i adore books , i easily become disinterested in a book about ... '