' in my experience the only intj's i have ever met in real life were all jerks lol makes me wonder if in the past i came off that way to them or others (: unsure :) i know i at least came off as ... well i think that sums up the why , as for the how , just tell him to stop , and if he doesn't , then stop responding . hope that helps i repress all of my emotions to some degree , which one depends on the situation . i think this repression is mostly tactical ( i . e . finding something funny but not laughing out loud because it may be ... basic rule of thumb with intj's : if we're spending time with you , we like you . to what degree i can't say , but speaking generally , intj's don't spend time with people they can't tolerate / don't ... https://media.giphy.com/media/c4nbqHm99LnMc/giphy.gif 1.what wakes you up most mornings ( alarm , pets , kids , etc . ) ? my dog trying to burrow under my sheets : laughing : 2 . which historical figure * not named adolf hitler * would you kill ? why ? ix92d ... what approach ? : laughing : ... (: unsure :) lmao in all seriousness as untraditional and potentially beta as it sounds i think i would prefer the woman to express interest first . at least for now , i'm ... i have a lot to say , but i've found it's better i keep it to myself : laughing : i understand where you're coming from . for me it's not a matter of being unable to get / keep friends , but rather i choose not to . i've had the same small circle of friends for just over 10 years now , ... honestly it sounds like you have some self esteem issues , and i don't mean that in an insulting way because i've been in a similar position , just that you may want to consider that as the root cause ... thank you for the responses everyone , they were interesting to read . i've found in my own experience it's probably mostly idealized , because the only time i ever really have what would be considered ... when it comes to having a crush on someone , how much of it do you think is baseless idealization vs something more objective ? is a crush nothing more than a fictional person we've created in our ... i think you may be on to something with that . maybe i am trying to prevent future regret . i don't know , i think another big part of it is i like to plan everything out , and make it as efficient as ... i've been thinking about this for a while now , but i figured i'd just post it on here and see what you all think . i've heard so many times that when you're talking to someone , you're not supposed ... i think both , but mainly pre beaten paths . me saying i want to follow my dreams isn't me saying i want to invent a new profession or something or do something people haven't done . it's that there are ... yeah that's basically where i'm at now , at least in terms of being content with where i'm going . but i also see time as a factor too . yeah i could change paths later on , but i'd like to figure it out ... honestly , practically speaking , there's nothing else . the only way i can describe it is that it's a feeling that i'm meant to do something more . that , along with the realization that my other dreams ... that did help me a lot . i never really thought of it that way , thank you . strontphite azir well going by that i would say it would be belonginess and / or esteem . i definitely am fine with physiological and safety needs . i think it's interesting because originally i ... well , i thought i was passed it . not completely passed self-actualizing entirely because i think it's something we all do from time to time , but i thought i had finally figured out my path and my ... interesting . i kind of do that now and then on my own . usually when i'm not content with my circumstances or the way things have been going in my life . i start to challenge my way of thinking and my ... um ... not me lol that's quite the generalization to say of course everyone does it . i barely eat , once a day , maybe twice ; and even then it's not much . i rarely feel hungry . if i eat it's because ... great point , thank you . no that was a very insightful post , thank you . i do the same thing lol i have literally hundreds of word documents and random notes on my phone with all of the ideas and plot elements i think of . haven't finished anything yet though ( aside from ... i'm the same way . my technical writing has never been a problem , but my creative writing ( as much as i love it ) has never been very good . it's funny you mention john green , i've forced myself to read ... it won't work / i don't want it to work : completely remove them from my life and proceed as though they never existed . it could work / i want it to work : obsessively fantasize on what could be .  ... very well said , thank you . so true unfortunately lol i reread what you originally posted for some context , this whole situation is kind of confusing to be honest . other members said to be direct , well i think you were direct when you asked her out on a ... i don't mean it in terms of i want to find someone to dump baggage on , i mean it more i want to find someone who i can be myself around and not feel self conscious about what they're thinking ( i . e ... yeah that's where i am now , forcing myself out of that mindset . my entire life i operated under the assumption that everybody was watching my every move , and they had to be judging what i said or how ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n3EE2Yyyx1k it's very paradoxical lol really it's pressure from myself to change . i've always been the quiet introvert , but i want to be more personable , not necessarily outgoing . nobody else is pressuring me to ... i can honestly say there isn't a single person i feel i can be completely vulnerable with . i think if i had to give an explanation , it would be because friendships ( at least in my experience ) come ... i agree . i think in my case it's more so that i could be warm and approachable , but i've allowed the anti-social / recluse label to define me ( a label that i'm realizing now was of my doing ) . so i ... yes i would say this is the case , but like i said , for the first time i'm starting to really internalize that thought of not caring , so i imagine it will get better with more time . i think i ... * edited original post after figuring out what i was actually trying to say * i've always been very quiet , stoic , not very personable ... etc . it's something i've been working on , and have been told ... having never been in a relationship , i can't say for sure how i would react in that situation , but at least with other negative events in my life i usually just cut it from my life completely . i ... well i guess my point is i don't see that as a positive . nor is it something i seek in another . granted that's my opinion and maybe i'm in the minority , but i'm an introvert , that's who i am . it's ... yeah , i think for me it's probably mostly a self esteem issue , but i also enjoy a certain level of homeostasis / tranquility in my life , so by not revealing my feelings for another , i avoid the ... i agree with you for the most part , but at least from my personal experience , i can understand why intj's may ( and when i say intj's i mean myself lol ) be hard to read , especially when it comes to ... without being too redundant by listing what others have already said , i would say the main thing i look for is compatibility . they say opposites attract , but i don't think they stay together . i think ... i think what he's saying ( or at least an explanation to his situation ) is that in this particular case , being the quiet reserved intj lead to others coming to his aid ( i'm assuming who otherwise may ... i can relate in a way . however , the difference for me does not come from a fear of being misunderstood , but more so my level of interest . for example , if i ’ m talking to someone i don ’ t care about ... that's so true lol could you elaborate on this a bit more ? what do you mean not verbally ? through text ? also , when was that in regard to how long you've known her ? and what happened after she said that ? ( i . e . what ... i can relate to this . i would say that the reason i isolate myself is because i know that no matter how extroverted i could potentially come off , it wouldn't be sustainable . for example , whenever i ... does he need to respond after he gets the information ( whatever that means ) that he needs ? also , why does it set feeler types into a spin ? they're in a spin for doing their job ? also can they ... yeah didn't mean to be unhelpful , it just seems like there's a lot of repeated questions and repeated answers on here , wasn't sure if you checked or not . to answer your question however ( which is ... '