i think the right question pertaining to god would be something like this : is it logical to deny the possibility of god when there very well could be one ? on one hand the person who disagrees with ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OBzA76QGgz8&ob=av2n listening on repeat . song has a calming effect on me . i don't know why but this made me laugh a lot lol . i laughed all the way through and then i was like wtf are you laughing for ? that was an awesome show , and he does at least a little bit . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J88CeDn978Q you think so ? i would have definitely pegged him for an nt type at least . what about him gives you the istj vibe ? i have cried over several different movies , shed a tear here and there , but the one show that really had me all out crying was a k-drama called warrior baek dong soo . it had one of those epic moments ... thought about that too . that would be even more interesting to watch . in fact the more i think about it the better it sounds compared to the into the wild version . loved both of those seasons was fun ... i've been thinking about a social experiment as discovery channel likes to call them , where they put two types from every personality type and drop them off into the wild . it would be an experiment ... took the test , read about it . read some more about it . took another test wondering if i would get a different result . cycled through that several times , took every test i could find and read just ... pretty sure david mitchell is an intp . he doesn't do stand up though ; mostly rants and quick witted hit and miss sketch shows . this is a horrible example of david mitchell , it's actually his partner ... lol true true , i wonder if western science has taken that into account when doing studies on diet based on blood type . what a creepy looking potato man lol . haha for reals . i would fit in there worse then i do here . the anime villain of blood types and what not . how would i know what blood type you have ? it's interesting to me that you assumed i did . when i first started studying about personality typing one of the first things i thought of was blood types ; ... you got the best type to have in japan lol . :( i would be the one no one wants to work with because my split personality lol . i'm curious to see whether there is any connection with meyer briggs typology and the japanese blood typing . if all intp's shared the same blood type it would be pretty interesting . japanese ... i prefer not knowing . i hate watching the news because i'm always afraid that some kind of apocalyptic message is going to be aired . honestly , sounds crazy , but i would rather stick my head in the ... i like to write a lot . spend most of my free time doing that . currently have seven different windows of word perfect open . i found that it's the one hobby of mine that i always go back to . i also ... did the whole drug thing in my teens . varied all kinds of stuff . pot , acid , meth , coke , pretty much tried it all . i think i did it as a means to feel like i belonged somewhere at the time . i was ... lol . i've never been a big fan of kfc either . i don't like their chicken . something about it just tastes wrong . chicken's supposed to have a crispy texture on the outside , not a rubbery one :) i like ... i didn't . i worked with a friend of my now husband too , only reason i did work there . she was the boss and pretty much gave me what ever hours i wanted , but she was anal and way too serious about her ... me too , did the grave yard shift . i liked it because it was the least busy , didn't have to talk to people , but hated it because it was the most work as far as cleaning and such . made donuts and ... 1 . ) paper girl for the tribune . door to door sales . ( failed epicly ! ) 2 . ) worked at the school cafeteria 3 . ) long john silvers 4 . ) wendys 5 . ) captain d's 6 . ) long john silvers again . 7 . ) sorted ... i wouldn't say i horde . i don't like to collect things , but i am rather messy in my own chaotic arranged way . i keep everything i need on my bed lol . yes right beside me to sleep , books i'm reading , ... i think that knowing something about art , and having a basic understanding about it's content can make it more enjoyable to some people . it's like film , if you study the different angels and shadows ... i feel the same way about my old friends . i've went into many circles feeling like i needed something , only to realize i was in a place i didn't want to be . the chameleon thing we intp's got going on ... a conversation without an argument ? what is this ? i've never heard of such a thing ! lol , i hear ya though . i love this . : ( that's unfortunate for you . i usually deal with my lack of friends by finding things to take up my time . hobbies and such . writing and reading mostly . anything that can bring out my ... 30741 so i didn't look through the whole thread , but was there ever a conclusion reached about similarity's between the pics ? hmmm . how do i get my posts to show the actual video and not just a link ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MUWzeOcBYxI i think i might be a little obsessed with this song . listened to it about ten times today ... welcome to the forum ! ! welcome to the forum : ) hope you find what you're looking for . welcome to the forum : ) i'm feeling isolated , but i have no desire to leave my comfort zone to interact . i wish i could find a person who could relate to me on a real level , not someone superficial who causes me to feel ... * i'm not a good friend . i push anyone who gets too close away . * i wish i could live in my books . * i feel like my kids lucked out having me as a mom , especially my daughter . i don't know how to deal ... i had an ex of mine believe i was 1/4 color blind for months . i was waiting for him to figure it out , but he never did and i had to tell him the truth . i still don't know why i told him that , but i ... memories of times when i laughed , make me laugh all over again , all the time at random . i'm usually the weird chick in the corner snickering about nothing and having a blast doing it . i love to ... i think it all depends on who you are talking to . those smiley faces and shit only do so much to get your point across . if it's someone that bores me ? texting for sure . if it's someone i enjoy ... controlling people . mean / rude people . idiots . boring people ! ! ! ( number one on my list ) clingy dudes . people who can't take a hint . midnight callers who just want to talk . people who like to ... i would have to agree with the college thing . you should go , there are grants and scholarships that can practically make it free for you , if your income is low enough . i have a friend that has no ... lol i am the same way , can't help myself every time i watch that show i shed a few tears . especially when the kid ( there is always some kid ) starts to cry too . also cried over avatar and a few ... thank you so much this makes a lot of sense . im glad that you understood what i was trying to explain . i wasn't sure if what i was trying to say made sense but it seems that you hit the nail right on ... yesterday a incident happened in my house . i am married to an isfj he is constintly trying to get people off the streets and off drugs and get them to know god ( he is also a pastor ) . we have several ... hehe . paris is actually my last name . never been to the real paris sadly enough . but it makes a fine name in my opinion . might even say its the only reason i married my husband lol ... no j / k . why thank ya : ) welcome to the forum , or perhaps cafe ... either way : ) i found your title to be rather interesting actually lol . welcome to the forums : ) pretty new myself , but i don't think that makes my welcome any less credible : wink :