' passive-aggressive ... i've realized that no matter how true or correct the statement of the other person is , i will not listen to it during the time when my emotions are activated via impulse ... ... personally ... i think if you stay away and silent for that long he will numb his feelings for you and write you off ... also ... should you eventually speak to him and he still has feelings for ... do you know what sets us apart ... some or even most or even all of what was said may be true ... but i don't think i've ever mentioned any con's of personalities without at least acknowledging and ... i've lost my touch as well ... bleh ... hermit time i agree with this , the urge to test someone isn't constant ... those you care for generally have earned your trust by being authentic ... it's when people are trying to bs that i start to dig and push ... i test ... people don't like it , but i see why i do it , if they can't and decide that it's because i want to be malicious then they are not seeing what i am seeing and therefore i don't care if they ... i think infj's are one of the groups most susceptible to emotional bullying ... it does us more harm than physical abuse would any day as the after effects walk with us for years afterwards in extreme ... i actually wanna try something out ... people keep telling me this but the lack of motivation just kills any attempt at trying it ... but i think it is sound advice ... having a big goal ( dream ) to ... from personal experience ... it's rewarding at first ... and you will learn a great deal of important things from this personality as its strengths are your weaknesses ... but you will eventually tire ... i've found myself constantly dipping into negative states out of nowhere ... i'll be completely fine and then in a matter of minutes my day is just lifeless and negative . i know that i have no ... aren't we all at some point or another :) i think the biggest issue we have as infj's is the fact that we expect that nothing less than the perfect person ( mainly within ourselves and how we go ... ha ha funny mine is similar ... i actually feel the same way at the moment ... i was checked into a treatment facility for substance abuse about 2 months ago , and whilst in a relationship i did a lot of things ... nice guys do finish last ... up to a point ... i think the thread head tried to reach the feelings of the intj's ... brave ... but bad move i'd say ... hahahahahahahaha never forget your worth ... it might not appear to be what society as a whole wants ... but it's what they need . i mean no offense , but it appears from the context that you are trying to find approval to actually manifest the action from the thought ? i've been through the same thing , different scenario ... i dated an estp ... very fun people ... drawn to intj's and think i would be drawn to esfp as well ... get along well with infp's too , don't think i've met an enfp / entp yet . agreed . the context and reason for the discussion will have to be taken into account , some things need to be clarified , especially if someone is heading down the wrong path which might end up in a ... my feelings annoy me ... did you have a duel with your keyboard ? ? ? :D ( no reason to apologaiieaif ads d faf ) i actually don't think i know any intp's out here in the real world ... it's a pity , i've started to grow fond ... i see the points you make and agree with them :) in all honesty due to how i interpreted the tone ( in stead of the context ) of soulscream's initial comment , my feelings did their little dance and ... i liked that response ... very fair ... :) very well ... from your perspective you are right ... from my perspective i agree somewhat but not fully ... so who's right ? ? ... you'll probably argue and say you are stating the facts ... fair ... this is a cool thread i'm infj who dated and estp ... brilliance at first ... extremely painful towards the end ... intj and estp ... i don't see it working in the long run at all ... both are equally stubborn ... although ... honestly i think nt's are brilliant ... but also , if they expect others to sway and give in to their way of seeing things logically ... then nt's need to meet them halfway on occasion too ... take it from someone who knows this kind of road very well ... very well ... get help ... there is one recent caveat that i should probably mention . i only ever dated one other girl and that was a long time ago . i briefly mentioned how my ex and i getting coffee soon ( we are still friends ... haaahahahahahaha i agree with all statements above depending on the situation as it presents itself goodluck , it's clear that your intentions are true and you are not trying to destroy something good , but being realistic about it . it's also clear that he does mean a great deal to you ... don't ... talk ... communication is key and infj's are great listeners ... be tactful and sincere and it will be appreciated ... if something is said in a way where he takes it personally and he does not like ... that looks amazing ! art on a plate :) considering the amount of ' layers ' we have i think that's a possibility :P hahahahaha i like the surprise factor that comment delivers kaskade ft swanky tunes - no one knows who we are - listen to it we have held back , we have pushed on . we can control , we can look on we're not searching for a name ... we're not lost we're not ... i'm good with time keeping ... direction ... horrific how's about we don't talk about your feelings today , or you , let's rather talk about me and my feelings . you're not good enough i don't understand where you're coming from at all you'll always remain weak if you can't show your true self to others and allow those ( that want to help ) to help you grow ... you're stinting your own happiness and growth by masking your weaknesses ... double like ! ! ! it's always entertaining to have people that can manipulate things in a humorous way ... makes my day anyway , on the odd occasion i crack a good wordplay joke too ... on time ... like you like hugs ? ? ? ! ! ! : o : o : o agree fully , now the question is , is it possible to avoid doing this as an infj if this is one of the very things that makes us who we are ... hahahahahaahahahahahah that is on the dot . hahahah i don't think you're crazy ... ;) i do however feel that we set ourselves up for failure by doing this ... and also for instant relief from a mundane or challenging reality ... it's a ... for dramatic effect i'm changing the name swan to ' jdivot ' it appears '