' however you can't determine what is true because everything can change in a milisecond . what can be true one second ago may not be true now . however the time different can grown bigger , to say a day , ... what is your native language ? dwi'n siarad cymraeg . i speak welsh , a minority language in the uk however it has a larger speaking population than irish and scottish and is the mother of cornish and ... ironically it's from a game ' nothing is true , everything is permitted ' it's simple when you first look at it , but then becomes more complex . it can mean different things to different people . i ... run and never stop . i might do one now , maybe an except or something . not sure yet . :] when i see infj i imagine spiritualists ( like psychic mediums ) i know not all of us are like that ( especially me ) but still ... i came to the conclusion that i am an athiest with a spiritual view on the world . i believe in no god have stray to the scientific expressions of who we are ( that we are stardust and that we are ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fndtmQI2ffM top 5 characteristics wit - i'd rather he's be witty than just humorous . intelligence - i wouldn't mind if it's academic or street smart patience - takes their time with me and others , mainly ... you know you're an infj because you fe causes you to have a mini breakdown after reading about the syrian child massacre that happened on the 25th . i've been visited by azrael i think twice too , once before my dance teacher died and once in a dream while i was being attacked by a being that looked like my father . you can feel compassion and pure ... * is the claim about there being a new wave of reason actually true ? i guess so . people are getting rid of ideals that dogmatic faiths made them believe to the faith that is science , which despite ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MgcY-nSeGUo where i live the host will cater to most of your needs , it's considered good manners as well as being a good host . need food and drink ? give the guest the best food while you have the scraps . they ... i'm still a virgin at 19 . meh . to be honest , i see sex as something that involves trust as well as love , which is hard for me because i only trust a small amount of people ( which a lot of them at ... itachi from naruto . his general personality and character design is a lot like mine , especially his philosophical quotes . growth occurs when one goes beyond one's limits . realising that is also ... i have a reallly odd belief , very eclectic in idea's . i was brought up a protestant , went pagan for a bit then dabbled into other cultures as well as my own , got reallly into science and new age ... 1 fort minor - remember the name 2 breathless - acceptance 3 tool - parabola 4 a perfect circle - counting bodies like sheep 5 trading yesterday - shattered 6 red - feed the machine 7 maria ... we can be very , very horrid when we want to be . especially if we feel betrayed , stressed for angry . we're more able to understand emotions than other types . therefore , it's easy to make people ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wExpZNxWA_U - meditation - music - reading - astronomy - digital art - web design - mythology ( specifically christian , greek and mesopotamian ) - dance - painting - occults ( numerology , tarot , astrology ) when they were good they were very , very good but when they were bad they were naughty . lol . honestly , i have been in many a fight in my time ( then again , i'm and infj type 8 . ) because i have ... i had a conversation today with two friends about trust . they could trust quite a lot of people but were very surprised when i said i could trust nearly anyone , not even them to a certain point . i ... 1 ) heterosexual . 2 ) 0 3 ) male 4 ) female i got 68 . * shrug * i'm sick or people asking me for help and then brushing it off because they think it's worthless which in turn makes them not take me seriously . i hate not being taken seriously . if i tell you doing ... i was scared at the time because originally it was a nightmare . he just sorta went ' bugger this ' and stepped in . * shrug * i was around 16 at the time and was still being bullied as well as my father ... i rarely go to a doctor , prefering to try and heal myself before since i hate pharmaceutical medicines . but with me i most likely would really look at their office / area and see if i can try and ... i still need mine professionally done since i'm sure as anything i still have some hangups . all i can remember is being in around mesopotamia . :/ and him well he's the most interesting sort . still ... i get deja vu a lot and the recollection usually comes from dreams . usually i have deja vu and i remember dreaming about it . i remember the routine i did before going to sleep and i remember the ... oh i know past life is real . i've done a regression ( it wasn't professionally done like i want but still . ) and don't get me started on guides . i can't be the only one that had dreams . i'm more like ' the protector ' which is another name for us . be it emotional , physical or mental i protect everything and everyone . i disregard me own safety for the happiness of others .   ... bright laughter your son is either indigo or a star child . :] i agree . it seems like a legality now which is sad . i had 147/160 on the test so yeah i guess i am self-actualizing . i'm actually seeing the opposite i think . i'm seeing revolution , war and such on a much larger scale . natural disasters on a high scale have been more frequent this year also . by instinct i'm ... i consider myself to be spiritual on a level unlike my friends . to describe my beliefs however would offend people , especially christians so yeah . i just bawled my eyes out watching bright stars which is a film based on the last 3 years of john keats ' life . i want to be fanny ... with modern abilities at curing tb . ; _ ; it makes me damn ... i'm able to look at something objectively without bringing myself into the situation . i can see all angles and understand everyones reason within that problem . surprisingly people these days can't ... what is your gender ( all three are allowed ): female 1 . at what age did you discover you were an infj ? 17 2 . what was your first reaction at this insight ? vanity . i felt special , like ... humanity is capable of great good and great evil . they are passionate to a fault and the idea of being alone is the worst that can be thought of . humanity as a default isn't horrid , on the ... i think my mother is very , very similar to the opening poster only she doesn't speak over me because i won't allow her to . however she thinks she has every right to moan at me about my ... i can explain pretty clearly actually . i think it's because my ti is more developed . however when i do explain it , it's in a way they need to think about the answer and in the end they get more ... i protect , advise and reprimand if the situation calls for it . i'm also passive aggressive so my protection isn't exactly normal . i wouldn't just go up to someone but be a cunning . * shrug * i ... i dress semi formal in terms of clothes . rarely will you see me with a hoodie / sweatshirt on . the most casual i'll go is fitted jeans a top flats and my pea coat or parka . i don't really care ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rpZ4_5BYptM i don't hate her since i don't know her but i find her music irritating as well as the whole business . i know many many people who can sing on a level of say christina aguilera but they can't get ... 10th sept please . sorry to annoy you but i love astrology . it the reason why we're called ' the protector's ' it isn't just for emotional or mental protection but physical too . 1 . what is more important to you ? the ends or the means ? ends 2 . in your opinion , what is your biggest flaw ? emotional instability 3 . what do you secretly wish you were much better at ? ... '