' i think the problem is not that you can't memorize things , it is just that we don't pay attention , so how can you memorize something that you are not even paying attention to ? there may actually ... i think you can get better if you practice . try to memorize a text by translating each word to its flavor or color , so you make kind of a collage of flavors and when you want to recall , recall the ... it has been with me for as long as i can remember , but i still have to do the effort of consciously use it to memorize things , its like coloring a text in your mind , it takes time . oh , so you don't mean flavors as in taste ! i think i know why you mean ... for me a is arrogant , z is angry and y is confused . yes , the main benefit is memory ... i can use this to memorize pages of computer code , and it aids me at spelling an learning languages . flavors ? i don't have that one ... i am almost strictly visual with a bit of audio . when i think about words i always see an image of the word ( that's why i am good at spelling ) what do you do , hear ... i used to believe that everybody sees colors when they think about letters and numbers until people thought i was crazy when i started saying that the number one is yellow and letter b is blue . ... i would assume that most nt that have been polymaths ( copernicus , john von neumann etc . ) are either intps or entps because their p predilection . an entp / intp with seriously high iq would become ... so few entps i know have a story of when they were kids tried to build some crazy machine or something ... do you have a story like that ? yeah i know i need to get those vitamins ... the hard step is to get up my butt go buy them and take them consistently ... thanks this is a good advice . yeah i have the same opinion about those kind of drugs ... they cause more problems than what they cure . i guess i just needed to hear it again ... i have been thinking about it and i have decided ... so i have been diagnosed with depression and being prescribed an antidepressant called citolapram : citalopram - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia . i just don't want to make of it ... i know i am ... since i know that some infjs are into tarot and archetypes here is this question : what tarot card you identify the most with ? i would say the hermit because of my ti and the magician or the ... it seems that you are trying to type her based on what she believes or on her opinions about stuff ... you cannot do that ! opinions are not given by personality type but by experience and other ... ti-dom indeed ! ! ! how is ahura mazda an intp ? <curious> it is not that difficult to communicate basic stuff with another person that does not share a language with you . you could still trade and make some deals without much difficulty . as for been able ... if god was an intp he probably wouldnt ' have got around to creating the universe ... as an intp one of my biggest personality flaws is the fact that i am lazy and not action prone , and in more serious times depression strikes . now , i see the usage of ne as a possible solution to ... he sounds very estj to me ... it seems that you think he may be an f just because he can get emotional , but that doesn't make him a feeler . feeling in jungian psychology is more about making ... i asked this question in the intp forum and it is pretty much divided in the ones that think principles are just made up , or relative and the others that think that you can derive principles ... my current position in regards to determinism is that , we our destiny in some way is determined , not by a set of rules or laws but by probabilities , we do have free will but our free will is limited ... yeah , i agree with you on that one . i do get pissed off by some people's actions , but is not because i think they shouldnt do it , it is just because i simply don't like it . it all just boils down ... the problem with what you say is that i don't have beliefs whats that ? i have theories , not opinions . i don't see anything as been righteous . i don't think there is a battle between the forces of ... so , if i had to define principles based on your responses , it would be : all that behavior you don't like in others , or yourself , if so i guess i have a lot of things i hate in other people's ... so i have read that intps are very agreeable until their principles are violated , but in my case i just don't even know what principles are . i don't think i have any principles , i don't make rules ... angular momentum is the product of angular velocity ( the velocity at which an object spins on its own axis ) and moment of inertia . suppose that is what makes a praticle such as the earth keep ... well there are many ways , like for example general relativity can predict the movement and speed of large objects , but it is impossible to predict the angular momentum and position of an electron at ... simply put , classic mechanics is used to explain and predict the behaiviour of objects that have normal size and a speed that is not close to the speed of light , whe things get close to the speed ... doesn't get out of his / her room / basement . well , it depends , if i am actively engaged in solving a problem it can happen everyday , but only after i give up and don't think about it anymore . if i am not solving a problem , it can happen ... so do you believe some functions are able to develope more than what is supposed to be the dominant one ? i have also read that ni leads you to reject that there is an absolute objective truth , and ... thanks for the response , but honestly i don't get what you are trying to say . sorry if i am wrong but what i understand you are saying is that i am confusing my using ti with ni , or you think i am ... so i am sure that i am not an intj , but an intp . the thing is that i think i am highly developed at ni even more than what i am supposed to be dom at ( ti ) first , is this possible ? if so i was on ... this is a very interesting finding , thanks all you who commented ... from this i conclude that most intps either hardly share something on facebook or don't have an account at all . although i should ... i am starting to realize that i commited a mistake asking this in the intp forum , we don't really care about projecting that image to others but it is really a strong pattern i am convinced that ... we lasted 2 years together and the brake up was not sudden but gradual ... the thing is that after we broke up she has gotten into a series of short relationships that she has told me that served her ... i have been researching social network behaviour for a project , and i have come to the following conclusion : people share on social networks something they want to associated with . so that if you ... so , dear female isfjs i am an intp and one of my ex-girlfriends is an isfj . we broke up like 2 years ago , but she has put so much effort in keeping the relationship alive . i really don't want ... no man , i don't believe that , what i think is that you have gotten what i have said the wrong way , and think that i am implying things that i don't and in that case you are dabating yourself . hahaha you are taking this so seriously , ( this is what happens when i make a theory out of thin air and try to develop it on the spot while debating about it ) . i think you don't get what i ... : i am not implying in any way that you are se-dom if you prefer sounds over lyrics or if you seek body sensations , that may just be that you have developed se to a considerable degree , in ... the intp would be a great leader by acting in the shadow as the architect mastermind behind the puppet entj ... wahahaha been a leader just means people follow you , it does not mean that you know ... well , i don't now much about trance subgenders , but i have noticed that my ti dominance plays a great roll in the music i like , just as i like puns in commedy i just like lyrics that creatively ... i agree with you , but by experience i know that trance music does not attracts just intuitives but a fair share of sps aswell , and this is why we cannot correlate genders with types , but we can ... i knew i was going to get in trouble with this thread ... hahah . yeah i am aware of how simplistic my theory is , i was just trying to make the point that the way we experience music is affected by our ... i think you can relate music to mbti , maybe you cannot be too specific ti correlate each specific gender to an specific personality type but think about the purpose and the effect that the musicians ... i met this intj girl in collage and she was so smart , she was kinda hot ... but the thing is that it was really difficult for me to be friends with her because she kind of put a wall between us , or ... i do believe that the general notion of the temperaments are is wronged in so many ways . the four classical temperaments , melancholic , sanguine , phlegmatic an an choleric correspond with the ... the reason of so much confusion and mistyping is that online tests donx 92t work , because they focus on behavior and not cognitive processes . reading online type profiles to type yourself is another ... '