' when someone walks up to me and tells me to smile ... https://m.popkey.co/9bdd8e/4VqvD.gif orangeappled awww , thank you very much ! getting mentioned and quoted makes me melt ... yes , exactly . with nfs ( also written xnfx ) , i mean every type with an nf in it , namely infp , infj , enfp , and enfj . mel 25 haha , glad i made you laugh . on a more serious note , though : i think your question can't be answered with a one-fits-all answer , because people even of the same personality type can turn out ... a cat . twirler and kenkao yes , exactly . not saying that there is no pedestal or that we don't entertain ( and enjoy ) the thought that they are perfect ( with all the flaws we are aware of ) . it's just ... many of the infp personality profiles will tell you that infps put their significant other on a high , unattainable pedestal . i would contend , however , that this is awkwardly phrased and it makes ... i learned that in the depths of my soul there lay hidden the substance of the greatest of delights and the darkest of existential crises . don't worry , no mention of cramps , blood or other body substances here ... anyway . so , i'm not a touchy-feely person at all . i don't like hugging people , not even shaking their hand for that ... for an infp in love ( or at least romantically interested ) , his behavior is quite abnormal and not typical for our type . infps would usually devote a ton of time ( maybe a little too much ) to ... poor 10th post on every thread page . no one ever wants to write you . no one ever reads you . know that you're not alone , you're not forgotten . yes , you are different than all the other 9 , but that ... on youtube again , relentlessly searching for that one song that reconnects me with my core and then rolls down my cheek . yes , that's true . enfjs do indeed share personal stuff with many people and usually don't mind spending a lot of time with them . but it's unlikely that they would at the same time display the above ... i'm a male infp in a relationship with a female enfj . the following things might not be true for every enfj , but they certainly were in my case . i hope they help . the biggest give-away that an ... same for me ! i work part time which leaves me with enough time for things that really matter to me while all the bills are payed . i could work full time . my boss presses me to do so . but what's the ... yep , exactly my thought this morning ... http://s3-ec.buzzfed.com/static/2014-03/enhanced/webdr06/28/15/anigif_enhanced-21628-1396036535-13.gif turns out that i'm sapiosexual . now i'm afraid of ending up with a hipster girl . but also kinda excited ... being an infp and having it as your second last shadow function ... hmm , that must suck ! : laughing : https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/-Xc_3bi3NHqs/UtbRsI9rhzI/AAA8LI/z040RuqnSAc/w500-h300-no/nice+shoreline.gif ... infps aren't bait for controllers , no , dominant fi is hell for them ! : wink : if you two don't fit , your decision was the best for you and for him . and you have clearly demonstrated that you ... that's what helped me : 1 ) find someone to talk to about it . i know that's difficult , because it means making yourself very vulnerable . but one of the main fuels of shame is silence about the ... i think there are many advisers within me : ratio / logic , psyche and emotional needs , morals , expectations of other / close people , bodily needs / demands , worldview and mindsets , gut feelings , intuition , ... i believe infps with well developed te ... - have left behind the victim identity - are not only sincere and authentic but also competent - don't only desire to make a change in the world , but ... i hate when i have a fight with my imaginary wife and then feel down all day ... i'm horrified at how quickly i can lose the connection to my heart , to the real core of who i am and what truly matters . there are so many ways to spend my time and i can get so caught up in the ... not exactly a photo but ... i somehow identify with this painting in a strangely intimate way , more than with any other painting i've ever seen . i feel like someone painted my heart ... ... it's a quality that you care about your emotions . seriously , there are enough people out there who lack kindness but just don't care . you might feel like you are not as kind right now as you ... something soothing for you guys ... https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/-MWhtfm7ZToc/Uqh7DpohWrI/AAANy0/b58lDU-pD5c/w600-h338-no/responsibility.gif ... treebob must feel very flattered . once upon a time i wished upon a shooting star that this kind of infp woman would exist . i barely deemed it possible , barely dared to hope . now a dream has come true ! thank you ! the perfect quote ... http://media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/1e/d3/53/1ed3539c6b800ac293536be96195aa5a.jpg enjoy ! : happy : ( not all are animated ) http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m8wcpsPgqz1rxlmf0o1_250.gif ... so many beautiful eyes here ! : blushed : here is my contribution to all the eyenfpness in this thread . : kitteh : ... i smile a lot when i'm nervous . it seems to ease the situation a bit for me and makes me appear less nervous to the person i talk with . then i play with my feet a lot . i mean i move them around , ... http://31.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m97egtpJ0L1rxlmf0o1_400.gif http://31.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m8uj40YXuL1rxlmf0o1_500.gif http://31.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m80oyyfLEN1rxlmf0o1_400.gif i cried the first time i read this : and i want to play hide-and-seek and give you my clothes and tell you i like your shoes and sit on the steps while you take a bath and massage your neck and ... http://31.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m95mp2eX4r1rxlmf0o1_500.gif still waters run deep . but pleeease just keep us updated ! this story is heart-wrenching and i want to know what's happening in season 2 ! i've done some experimenting with my trigger sounds lately , those that kindle fury ( like chewing , slurping , sniffling , etc . ) , to try to find out how to not go mad . one thing that makes a ... for me it was important to realize that it's a disorder at all . i always thought it was completely normal and that everybody would feel that way , just that some people don't care that much when ... haha , i'm exactly like that ! : laughing : i always get self-conscious and try to eat and drink as quiet as possible when there are people around who could hear me ( of course not at a restaurant or ... i've never heard of asmr before but i just watched some youtube videos . it actually has the intentional soothing effect on me ( in addition to a slightly awkward feeling at the thought that i watch ... after reading those two threads i add : whispering ( between other people in the same room but so subtle that you can only hear the s-sounds ) . hearing people chew is one of the worst things i can imagine . it's not only that i can't stand it , i get extremely enraged by it and really have to pull myself together not to lose my self-control . ... my flesh and my heart may fail , but god is the strength of my heart and my portion forever . ( psalm 73:26 ) i usually have those self-revealing kind of conversations with people that i interact or have to interact with on a regular basis , may it be family , friends , job , etc . i find it very helpful to share ... oh my goodness , your story is tearing my heart apart ! ! : blushed : it's like one of those intense , heart-wrenching , drama filled love stories you read in some of the classics . i really hope for the ... just came across this nice little adorable quote ... reason is intelligence taking exercise . imagination is intelligence with an erection . ― victor hugo infp ... yes , i already finished the paper last week . unicorns don't exist . is it hot in here or is it just you ? of course i got a sleep routine ! pride and prejudice sucks ! i trust ... '