' you notice that a good number of responses here are actually positive , which is consistent with cognitive function theory ( in particular socionics ) , which states that esfjs may actual be the ideal ... i want to briefly comment on both the video and your post . i think this guy has it mostly right , but there are some aspects where he's not quite describing it correctly . his broader claims are on ... i definitely enjoy dissonance in music . for instance , i find this utterly soothing : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zz8cDaIlCQc most of this post rings true for me , although i can't speak to ... caffeine gives me headaches and i don't want to become addicted / reliant on it , so i don't consume any caffeine in the mornings unless i am far off of my sleep schedule and need it to function ( rare ) ... i think you'll agree with bill burr's podcast bit on the subject : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ca3PQ7gA8hg the main point isn't that people should hit women , but that a culture where one ... definitely can't relate . a lot of things can make me anxious and uncomfortable , but i guess i don't feel strongly about what i eat . once back when i was at a college dormitory i literally got a ... i doubt i could get along with someone who felt strongly in favor of a particular political or religious ideology . my stance on these things is usually anti-ideological . i come at most questions ... i don't think i was off schedule in terms of the verbalizations i made as a baby . i should note that it's not a binary phenomenon - - it's hard to say when a baby truly goes from just babbling vowels ... not a fan . the thing i actually dislike the most is when the person shows me the photo afterwards and asks what i think of it , usually with a gleeful look on their face . i respond honestly each time ... looking at this again , i realize that i misread the original equation . my reply was based on another person's and compounded by the fact that reading mathematics from unformatted text is weird . my ... you claim that 1 , 2 , and 3 are mathematically equivalent but they absolutely are not . equations 2 and 3 are both reducible to x = 1 . this is fine . no problem here . equation 1 is reducible only ... i spend at least 70 % of my time by myself listening to music . whether i'm walking to class , working on something , waiting for an appointment , or just wasting time on the internet , i'm usually ... nope . i don't drink either . hell , i don't even drink coffee . i generally try to avoid anything that could make me dependent . the thought of that is very unpleasant to me . so as long as i can wake ... i try not to eat like utter shit , but i also am too lazy to put much effort into cooking . so spaghetti , rice , beans , tortillas , toasted bread and whatnot are my main sources of calories . i eat fruit ... 1 . do you do it ? on occasion . 2 . how often ? less than once a month . i'm in college , and so if i need to stay on campus for lunch / dinner and didn't bring something , i either get something to go ... the stephen fry segment in that article reminded me of this rather swell example of this from the always elo-fucking-quent george carlin : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vbZhpf3sQxQ seems to only happen around certain types of people . my estj mother does this a lot , and my enfp ex girlfriend did it a bunch too . i never have this problem with my friends . i love sleeves . they hug my arms . i definitely feel more comfortable with more of my body covered up . i like wearing long-sleeved shirts and sweaters , and i wish i didn't have to wear shorts in ... oh not at all . rather , i have an aversion to those who refuse to use capital letters . get me out of here . i listen to music during pretty much every spare moment and i will listen to a select few entire albums at a time until i've nearly memorized them entirely . albums will enter and leave that rotation , ... as i've said before , one can accept as valid the life experiences which cause us to feel spiritual or connected to something greater , while not actually believing these feelings have anything to do ... i think this is a great explanation for this phenomenon , but it doesn't rule out that mbti may play a role in the attachment style that intps or other types might tend towards . obviously , there are ... you know guys , you can accept feelings of spirituality and accept their validity solely as components of the human experience without giving any credence to supernatural claims about the universe ... maybe i wasn't clear . i'm not talking about keeping my mental state in some pure form . i agree that's nonsense . i just don't like the feeling of dullness that accompanies weed , in particular . ... i really hate confrontation , and it can take me days to get over my crap and actually do it . even for minor things . i'll defend myself and my positions stubbornly if challenged , but i essentially ... the price of ignorance is knowledge . a dumb expression i came up with the other day . the converse statement would make sense , because you can trade ignorance for knowledge , but vice versa makes ... i can get a little testy from frustration , but it's not so much a flare-up of anger as much as i just get a little mean or finicky . my level of anger never rises above the level that others are ... 1 . it becomes harmful to the person typing if it skews their view of the subject of typing to fit them into a desired type ( especially problematic if the typing is incorrect ) . it becomes harmful to ... guy's , i'm upset . all of the old vocaroos up to the middle of page 21 are gone : l i know i should have more of a buddhist impermanence view of this stuff , but i really hate when i thought i had an ... would you be offended if i'd call you a personalitycafe fixture before icon ? because if so , the minimal drama would excite me . certainly . i'm picky about food choice , i'm picky about clothes , i'm picky about friends , i'm picky about shows , i'm picky about movies , i'm picky about music , i'm picky about video games . i'm ... i personally have no experience , but my father is an intp and my mother an estj . they seem perfectly happy together , although their communication doesn't seem ... connected ? she does most of the ... the only way i've found to do this is to offer numerous caveats and limitations to what i'm saying to try to establish that i don't feel particularly inclined towards that argument . i'll say a is ... i would imagine that an interested intp could be adept at market analytics or actuarial practices , if you're thinking more practical efforts than the study of economics . i don't personally understand ... f , specifically an fe type . partially because i'm really attracted to the personality and also because i think it helps me communicate better . my dad is an intp and my mother is an estj . it's a pretty interesting dynamic . can't say that'd work for me , but i've come to respect my mother's way of doing things more over the years . biking during cool summer nights . quake live baby um um um human vs zombies at my college was pretty fun . in general i'm not a thrill-seeker at all , i have anxiety and generally only try to ... the main thing was just time . nothing actually made me feel better about it ( as there was some level of betrayal involved ) , i just eventually became numb to it . friends helped , music helped , ... nope . i really don't care for inhaling smoke , nor for the smell , nor for the loosening of the screws in my brain which keep my mental clarity intact . don't get me wrong , someday i'm doing lsd , as ... i tend to find things interesting which seem to have something of substance there to dig into and figure out , where this is not immediately apparent or obvious . i therefore lose interest if it turns ... the human desire to form romantic relationships arises to serve the purpose of furthering the human species , just as does human sex drive . these are separate phenomena from a biological perspective , ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IpblqUh_C24 not normally into black metal , but this is some pretty interesting stuff . i never really agreed with describing it is a loop , because it's really just about a lack of balance between introverted and extroverted cognition , but it does sometimes appear to be ... i wouldn't really say that women and men are equal , but i think the advantages and disadvantages in our society make it a very muddled issue to the point that it's difficult to pin down if either ... i'm quite restrained . i rarely give into physical impulses , and i don't act impulsively when it comes to decisions i have to make . it can take me a month to get through a package of oreos because i ... it should be noted in the example of the thermodynamic system that only 15 minutes before he had directly stated that that the definition of a thermodynamic system required that the contents were ... pretty much my response , as in the second paragraph . in real life yes , but if you're modeling the substance together as a thermodynamic system you make the quasi-equilibrium assumption and ... you know the one . you're making a point and you haven't yet explained the assumptions and conditions of it , and someone quips well , it depends . or you ask a question which has a straightforward ... i think one of my greatest strengths in discussion is the ability to pinpoint the particular chain of reasoning that best clarifies my point of view . i find that ne types generally have the same ... i prefer playing offensive roles . high damage , medium-low defense characters . i typically enjoy games that require complex mechanical skill and understanding , so i gravitate to roles that require a ... '