' i find this issue pretty complicated , honestly ... i mean i'm definitely an infp and so naturally i come off stereotypically feminine , always have ( i'm not saying every infp comes off this way , but i ... could ... anyone see ben horne as infp 9w1 , maybe ? it might just be wishful thinking on my part but i feel like he does kind of come off that way in season 3 ... i guess not so much in seasons 1 and 2 , ... infp , periwinkle . i also like cobalt blue , powder blue , blush , peach , lavender , and turquoise . i've been told i look best in blush . i think so , too . i'm a whore and everyone i'm attracted to ... rose for a heart maybe i shouldn't have said mindfuck , well ... i was mostly thinking of the scene when his mother tried to bond with him by going on the mini golf / dinner date and every time she ... ghost world - 4w5 crumb - 5w4 the end of the tour - 5w6 lost in translation - 9w1 like crazy - 9w1 sx / sp sorry . maybe you're right because i loved it growing up . i guess i was just thinking of how he had problems with expecting someone to love him in return for the love he'd given ( i just got my ass ... i think he may have been 7w8 ... he was like a mastermind in terms of knowing just what to say to mindfuck people ( head type ) and he had some issues craving power (8 wing ) . i think maybe the biggest ... 9w1 sx / sp ( 946 ) so basically i am the clingiest person alive and i feel like the enneagram just always confirms this the more i learn about it ... eg , i'm sx 9 which means ... at least in my ... some 3-7- 9 ' s with 9 leading , i think ... jim gaffigan ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lLwZYVvXyFs kumail nanjiani ... gran torino - 8w9 st . vincent - 9w8 500 days of summer - 2w3 office space - 6w5 my type is in my sig ... i got sensitive / serious / idiosyncratic . all three of those together are pretty accurate , if i remember correctly ... i can be really melancholic and pragmatic sometimes and ... i love you , man - 6w7 i can't stop listening to zella day since i saw her open for lana last week ... there are a couple in particular ... well this one is new to me and i dig it : ... if it helps at all ... if i'm not mistaken , 5 wants to carve out a place for themselves in the world . they feel overwhelmed by it and attempt to cultivate mastery in some area in order to feel a sense ... just curious ... are you saying that's what baker baker is about ? that's one of my favorite songs of hers but i've never heard an interpretation of it . i feel weird contributing to this thread because i know almost nothing about marilyn manson and i have no idea what type he is ( genuinely enjoying reading through this thread though ) ... however ... the ... glenn danzig - 4-6- 8 with 8 leading ? i just thought of this last night because i was really tired but needed to stay awake for another half hour or so and listening to his music was the only thing ... i'd kind of like to mention something , just based on my experience suggesting types to people and their responses to my suggestions ... no matter what type you are ... even if it's a compliant type , or ... i think 6 does get a bad rap a lot of the time and i've probably contributed to it at times if i'm being honest with myself , but i'm not sure why ... i guess in this society it's okay to be fearful , ... te just because i'm not good at utilizing it effectively ... i seem to either repress it and turn into a doormat or i use it in conjunction with fi in such a way so that i'm either too emotionally ... well , when i was much younger i self-typed as 4-5- 9 and eventually realized i probably have a 6 fix so ... to be honest with you it was so long ago now that i don't remember why , exactly . but i guess ... i see more fe than fi in her , personally ... like whether she's e or i she did say in the link you posted that she's big on manners , which is pretty fe-ish ... and she's just so warm and personable in ... i think trent is probably 5 , not 4 ... and he comes off 4 - ish for the sx / sp angst , sx 5 sort of feels like the anti - 5 in a way ... but he's tended to be pretty damn isolated and meticulous ( i mean the ... ugh enjolras is such a babe . i wanted bobby and shelley to get back together in the twin peaks revival but ... it's okay , this means i get bobby for myself . i could be way off , but when i read the girl on the train ( no offense to the movie but , not the movie , the book specifically ) i wondered if rachel was an sx 9 ... i could just relate to her so much , i ... have you heard sheila take a bow by the smiths ? i'm in my 30 ' s now but i remember when i was a kid that song made me so so happy ... throw your homework onto the fire , go out and find the one who you ... 1 ) my cat who is an angelic sweetie pie and a miracle 2 ) it feels cozy in my apartment tonight , and clean for a slob like me 3 ) i have a really great history teacher from new york and my class is ... paranoid , which is unusual for me . i'm trying to calm myself . underneath it all i feel overwhelmed by things i have to do that i haven't yet . wishing some motivation would strike me ... in all seriousness though , since there are some more serious posts now : saturn : ... i do wish i were better at asserting myself , and that i could shrug off more that i take personally . i guess it's a ... clinton being inaugurated , the first time . to strike a flamethrower in the face of everyone who's ever reduced me to a doormat and for that to somehow erase my ever having been one .  ... i am not kidding , i fantasize about this shit at least ... now that i've seen dale's doppelganger form ... i'm starting to wonder if he comes off so warm because he's core 7 . when he's evil there's just so much emphasis on getting what he wants ( and tangible ... dianna agron , 2-7- 9 with 9 leading + maybe so / sp stack , super positive and lovely ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Au-zcfN7Exo&t=206s jfk jr . 3-6- 9 with 9 leading + so / sp stack , possibly ... i think seth macfarlane is 3-6- 1 , with 1 leading ... i've been really consistently drawn to 3-6- 1 ' s this past year ... i feel like it's because the world is going to shit and they give you this sense ... that's ... pretty much exactly what i was thinking but you went into more detail than i would have known about lol . i agree . i don't know what mine is . i used to think it was touch but i got raped a few years ago and since then i don't really like to be touched . if i'm really attracted to someone i'll think about sex but ... i have kind of low key wondered about this , seeing as i type as 9 but i can relate to 5 descriptions in some ways ... i don't think it really fits at all though , for a number of reasons ... i think ... sort of had another thought about this , because i use si and i'm not sp-last and in trying to compare the two ... maybe i'm wrong but i feel like there's necessarily a degree of sentimentality to si ... i grew up with a sp-dom si-dom mom and an sp-dom se-secondary sister ... my mom always made me think of , like , a squirrel almost , kind of hoarding resources and sticking to a routine in order to do ... do you identify as 4-6- 9 by any chance ? because i can relate to this and i consistently notice others who appear to be 4-6- 9 do this . like here : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5SVEEWPNvTE at ... yeah , i can see what you mean . i get so attached to someone or i feel so much desire and if i invest too much in that addictive moth-to-the-flame feeling i just end up burned , and i have to deal with ... not sure i know any 4 ' s personally but as for the 4 artists i love ... i don't see them as being try-hard above all . i see them more as being sensitive and sort of ... reaching for something , the holy ... eh ... i'm not sure . i have mixed feelings . i have several in my family and i don't feel like i can entirely be myself around them , because i know that emotion is just not in their comfort zone . i ... she always comes across enfj 6w7 to me . i always got an isfp 9w8 vibe from him . he would talk if an interviewer asked him questions , but ... otherwise i don't know , he just seemed so quiet . would rather jam with someone than exchange ideas , ... personally i saw her as a 6 ... the way she had this double life in the extreme felt very reminiscent of 6 to me ... kind of like , i want to fulfill my real desire , but at the same time i have to be ... i think the most important factor for me is just being conscious of what i'm doing ... i mean it's very easy for me to get stuck in routines that ensure i'm just going with the flow of what seems to ... 8 feels more earthy to me , more grounded ... also , it's an aggressive type , it doesn't really think before it acts ... just i go with my gut . you piss me off , you pay . you're kind to me next day ? ... my mom is isfj and the quoted posts reminded me of her ... i feel like she's always been on this quest to feel a sense of security , this rooted feeling that is elusive for her . i've always seen her ... i feel like what's been discussed in this thread so far has mostly been te ... which ... yeah , i hadn't thought of that but when i'm at the end of my rope my repressed te isn't fun . even then , though , i ... '