i separate myself from the rest of the world through what i think i know . signed shadow function i'm searching for what i will never find . trying to stop searching for what i will never find is just another way of searching for what i will never find . still this impossible searching is what ... a new day a new light thank you life for the abundance a family gathering is enough for me to turn to the dark side . but i should not blame myself our family gatherings are pretty dark stuff . the fact that i'm writing here probably shows that i'm ... hahaha this thread . but i think that we just better to drop it . what i wrote was an intuitive outburst that would take my inferior te-function a whole book to express in a way that it makes sense to ... when i looked at the list of the threads i saw that someone called fakelefty was the last one to post . immediately i started to think that that must be a nf or 4 that have come to some of the same ... i clash with they unhealthy controlling types . they need a scapegoat and i am an easy target . the healthy ones seem to respect me . but i also live in the most multicultural and politically ... i think that is has to do with that my bodily functions , bodily sensations feelings and even intuition are very interconnected . they affect one another in many ways . as you say this has lot to ... but back to topic . the consumption of different forms of expressions that contains sadistic and dark undertones stimulates the raising of mental phenomenas that could be called evil . i know ... i used to be and still i am a bit evil because i've had to adapt myself to the abusive and narcissistic people . although i have taken the kari policy role it has been a matter of saving my own ass ... i'm drunk too and i don't do it . i love my aspie friend so much . he is so weird . i did something wrong today . guilt and shame are telling me so in such demonstrative ways i can even feel it in my legs . that's powerful but it makes life seem rather impossible sometimes . ... this guy who acted nasty to me yesterday came up to me and indirectly apologized by talking sincerely about football . i'm not interested in football but accepted the apology by talking as heartily ... nietzsche wrote that the greek tragedy was rare in that it was not a pessimistic rejection of life . but rather a tribute to something that was so excessive and forceful that it became overpowering ... the web is much like sexual teasing . in very minimal doses you get what you get in overdoses irl . i'm not talking about the sexual life but the social life . the minimal doses on the web ... so i just re-invented life again . or was it the re-invention that happened through me . i will like this invention for a while , then i will get tired of it and wonder how the hell i came up with ... i had to write a few short posts to understand what i really wanted to say . my hope-battery was just discharged . it was a long time since the last time . no light just a black room i do not ... : sad : i do not understand where all people get their energy from . i must have missed something very basic dark feelings are easily available cheaper and lasts longer but still ... . for 6 monthts i was not thinking about anything else than suicide . it was also in connection with an initiated education . now it was years ago i had a single thought about taking my life . my ... composing music . even though it is a quite happy song , i am in that state when each note evokes a painful memory . i'm sitting strained as if someone was standing behind and whipped me with ... i hope you don't die . the world needs you and your drawings . no dear unhealthy xx's i don't think that there is an conspiracy of people that think that you know to much about what is really goin on under the surface and in violent ways want to stop you from ... i don't fail since i don't even try since i want control over every single moment . every important decision i make that could lead to something new catches the attention of an army of mental ... went to a bar talked to some people but was totally bored and just wanted to go home and sleep . thinking if the entertainment was more entertaining i would have no use for intoxication . we infp's ... i'm drunk and as usual a new light shines on everything . some people treat you like shit and expect you to like it . they guilt trip you if you are not as entusiastic about it as they are . like if you destroyed the most important event in world of history ... i'm troubled with inner conflicts . inner conflicts that has kept on coming back for several years . new situations new people but the same inner conflict . this time the one who triggers it is a ... my aspie friend brings back the child in me like no one else does . what a sily dream may i have it again ? gnaw - water rite it's like entering the mystic spaceship in the first alien movie . strange eggs are taking form on my floor . interesting that tech-metal / hardcore seems so popular ... i went to see gorguts this summer and of course i became so sentimental that i started to cry at the concert.naw i get pseudo-high by ... when you can't stop believing in something you know is not true . when you turn the world upside down and shake it a couple of times a day . i am an addict in recovery . for this reason , i have met an incredible number of other addicts active or non active . but i have not came across any infp's among them . infp's are certainly rare but ... you know you're an infp if you help a friend with financial problems but at the same time are troubeld over your friend's debt of gratitude . one night i did dream that a childhood friend of mine that i had not seen or thought of in many years came and said goodbye to me and with her she had a dog that belonged to my cuisins when it was ... you know you're an infp when you discover that you are on collision course with reality . i do not know if you know whether you are an infp but i know at least i am me when i find a set of keys that i have never seen before in my jacket pocket and have no idea how it got there though i ... you know you're an infp when your abstract interpretations of what is going on or what was going on change a couple of times a week . if the op refers to the kind of mainstream porn that mainly pops up before one's eyes when one enters a site like x hamsters then yes i do like some of it . and not just since i was 12 but 5 ;) i ... i am an infp no . 5 . which means my head is filled with tons of random shit i don't know what to do with . i love to investigate though :) i will try to classify and type my favorite bands . band . genre . type ... i also like trees . i find them surreal . as a mishmash of warped human body parts that are solidified in a certain position . after i broke up with a girlfriend , i also became afraid of trees for a ... the concept of attitudes makes more sense to me than the concept of values u200bu200bwhen it comes to fi . maybe it is because i am much more familiar with the concept of attitudes and the term values u200bu200bis ... you know you're an infp when your kindness causes problems . you know you are an infp when the thoughts of the things you have to do are much more terrifying than actually doing them . i can relate a lot to what is described here . but i think that some of the things mentioned should be considered as infp traits and not as traits of an unhealthy infp . since i think the way we view ... trying to embrace my shortcomings is a 24/7 job . the most well-paid though :)