' hehehe . remove gas , and replace vehicle with body . ( no offense ! ) wow . you actually have to realistically consider the possibility of that when going to uni ? : unsure : it seems to me that i often feel uncomfortable doing something just because i think i would feel uncomfortable doing it . i react to things based on how i think the image of myself in my head ... 522570 here's one of mine ~ ! the only one i had stored on the laptop atm . so , i somehow ended up back in this little corner of the internet after a couple years of abstinence ( mostly because i was busy with college , and other pursuits ) . the last two years were quite ... i've been thinking like that a lot lately . fuck that , i'll take the risk , what's the worse that could happen ? she thinks i'm a retard . big deal ! oh yeah , i almost forgot . wit and ... i thought it'd be bad , but imo it's a very good thing , it allows us to expand our boundaries and make use of all the other facilities available , instead of retreating into a shell . kind of allows you ... well , it's a good thing that we aren't allowed laptops ( or internet ) in our hostels for the first year i guess ! : wink : back here after a gap of two years . college has been pretty awesome for me . i feel more focused now , what with the deadlines and all . it's an environment that has brought out a lot of good qualities ... that's nice . :p roud : i'd play cards with you ! i like cards ! we may need two more people though . wait ... am i even invited ? @ . @ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gc7lSIK7A2g reminded me of myself when i decided to stop eating meat . i'm in a similar position . no fucking idea of what to do now that my school life has ended , afraid to choose one path in fear of practically losing the others ... just want some rest from the ... good luck ! ouch . boom . how'd it go ? i often have to too . on facebook nobody ever takes criticism rationally ... it's a waste of effort . what . baby.tossing . ceremonies . are you talking about ? i'd sure love to go to em . o . o many people may be very selfish in love , but then again it's not a problem synonymous with love ( i think ) , it's like handing someone a load of cash , they may use it for productive purposes , or waste ... love . the closest i think i've come to it is when i enjoy just being in the presence of the said person , greatly enjoying any time spent with them , and longing for more . sexual interactions don't ... the last exam of high school , technically the last day of high school . i love the fact that it's ending , but at the same time , kinda worried about facing my fears in chemistry . the boards exams ... a pain in the ass . i may be biased though . having chemistry as the last exam tomorrow , and i suck at it , but need 65 % + to apply for a college i want to get in . hmmm . [ / font ] [ / color ] aww ... i really liked your insightful posts ! and the saddest while half asleep . ( existential thoughts ... meaningless of life ... passage of time ... passing of consciousness , everything fading away ) . not very experienced with the social aspect either , but i've learned through quite a few family get togethers , that people change over time , and that even though you may not like some people that ... that is judging people without knowing them at all . only when you get to know some people for atleast a month should you judge them ... as for not meeting interesting people ; people may seem ... i think the op thinks that the people who dish out violence to others also deserve to be treated as such ... nvm . i realized you already said that . sorry . for the double post too . x . x that is true . it is a harsh solution though . it would create a lot of ... unrest . the castrated people may just start violent uprisings , since they'd really have nothing to lose . not to mention ... yep . me too . but getting there requires a lot of ... meaningless grinding . which is what makes me ... twitch ( lol ) i have that atleast , i guess . my mom doesn't expect much from me . she just tells ... yep . at the same position at the end of school life . looking ahead at toiling on and on ... though i suppose the only way to get out of the rat race would be to do something like invest smart . it is ... but how would you prove that the violence was without reason ? based on testimony ? many people may give false testimonies in order to get someone castrated . people may even entice others to be violent ... it wouldn't be that hard for lawyers to prove that the said person was not acting just to inflict harm , making up a story of some previous transgression wouldn't be that hard . also , how huge a ... 63438 random picture taken when my family was at home . hmm . i am not conscious about blinking in my dreams , but when i wish the dream to end , i try closing my eyes and opening , generally works . when you try to move your body , do you actually try to ... getting excited about being in a dream tends to end it , in order to stay inside you have to sort of keep the realization that you are in a dream to a low . sort of like willing suspension of ... hahah . exactly . too much effort , and not really contributing much since all the other intps have already stated most of what you could have said . or rather , by trying to make it a reality you are giving up precious time which could be used to analyze other systems and possibilities ! but isn't it a bit too time consuming to come up with the imagery ? i think this is how i remember stuff in economics and all , by thinking of the said situation and sort of putting myself in the boots ... yep . been called that . by family and by friends . my sister , you don't want to experience life , you are afraid of it . after our school farewell , i told my friend that i wouldn't miss school at ... almost two year old thread dude . not that i mind . i think i'm cynical . though i do think i am becoming more neutral as time passes , but still don't trust anyone unless i know them really well ... wheew . that is creepy . what'd you have done with the door if you had believed it was there ? open it ? or leave it ? such weird things don't happen to me ( thankfully ) . however , my mom and my ... never did . would have felt guilty if i had tried to . it's like not doing something you wish someone wouldn't do to you ( on a basis of principle ) . karma and stuff . i don't know ... but for cracking things a hammer always works . i didn't like skyrim that much ... it was good for a while , then i got bored . not favorite material for me . my favorite would have to be fire emblem ( 7 ) ( gba ) . i think i'll try awakening after my ... yep . sounds like an ideal topic of conversation for intps . nipple beards . though why beards and not mustaches ? or why not just call it hair ? maybe after my exams . if this socialising is still on by that time . lurking perc now and then , i've come to notice something that i really like about the intp forum ; almost everyone speaks in almost perfect english , along with ( mostly ) the presence of a proper ... describes my status too well . hahah . i feel ya . i'm in the same position . worse , i have my really important , college deciding exams in 2 months and i just can't make myself want to do anything about it ... just feels sorta ... omg . i literally laughed out loud on this . '