' i think nfs of any kind have a certain bent towards the unusual and atypical , but that's certainly not the rule . for me , i definitely am not 100 % in line with typical behavior . not because i want ... anxiety . lots of it . i just get annoyed when i see infps ( sometimes infjs do this to ) who claim that they're perfect little snow flakes for being so rare and sensitive who can do no wrong and embody the best humanity has ... gay infp reporting for duty .   ... i don't really know what to say , other then that i like other guys , and that's redundant . can't say it's something very influential in my life . i get snarky and irritable . it's rather funny if you love semi-witty one-liners and angst . if it's something minor , it's cool for most infps . bad feels are a venom to us and there's nothing wrong in being human ; everyone is going to step on toes sooner or later . it all kind of goes in hand ... mbti tries to quantify personality traits and behavior on a scale . i think we can all see the problem here . now there is some science behind how people act in social environments , take in and ... as a gay guy and thereby grand representative of all homosexuals everywhere , i want to make a important point about gay culture ; just because someone is gay , does not mean that they are part of the ... i want to print this out , frame it , and hang it on a wall . well i have a boyfriend , so i hope not . that would be awkward . i think we'd all be very ... ephemeral as a species . i know that the whole elf / fairy / magical creature thing is a bit of a stereotype , but i've always felt ... faded , yet timeless and full of life much ... trust me , i know how you feel . i watched / listened to a lot of lord of the rings music when i had to deal with my first break up / rejection , most of it involving arwen oddly enough . i relate to her a ... i've kind of gotten over it at this point , but a visit to a counselor would do good . i learned a lot of things about myself this year and none of them are good . i got involved with a bad crowd when little ; late elementary school little . let's just say after all that i still have issues with people touching me or showing skin in public . i can't approach sex ... i've have some pretty bad ... experiences with sex growing up . i don't think i could have random one nightstands without feeling a gaping hole in my chest and general anxious depression . i guess i'll ... okay , obligatory backstory ; i've never really had any close relationships of any kind . yet i've always wanted them , but i never really had a chance for one . now in college , i was in one that ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2_HXUhShhmY / thread in my only relationship i got told i was clingy . however , i think that's got something more to do with my incessant craving for affection than me being an infp . i had a rather asocial childhood . infp . that explains a lot . stubborn , bipolar , anxious , passive aggressive , makes up delusions to support oneself when they're obviously wrong , just generally an unpleasant person to be with . 1 . 1 , if one four days long counts . 2 . he got tired of me . 3 . still dealing with it . 4 . nope . i can't find anyone in this college . 5 . make sure that the person you like can commit and ... ditto . my ex pulls that on me in almost every time we talk . it really makes want to punch him in the face . no one ever gets you 100 % . since infps are a rarity , it's hard to relate to most people . i feel lonely a lot of the time , even around my friends . as far as i know , i'm the only gay infp in the entire state of michigan . i'm a straight acting guy that likes other straight acting guys , so pretty gay . i've never dated before , had a real relationship that lasted longer than a week , experienced any physical ... gay infp guy . * someone i dislike approaches me with dead set eyes * ohgodohgodohgodohgodohgod please go away please go away don't sit next to me don't sit next to me don't si-fffuuu * turns and ... - mercy - compassion - faith - silence - mystery - twilight - voice i'd eat meat more often if the animals weren't treated so horribly and that it wasn't so prevalent in our diet . meat has always been something special on the side in most parts of history ; most ... troll the heck out of my guy friends with my feminine whiles while my girl friends style me out to be the smoking hot mama diva that i always wanted to be . maybe i could land myself a guy i like for ... the bed is a heap of blankets , pillows , and sheets , i have papers , reports , worksheets , and notes sprawled over my floor and desk from the past two years , my chair is a coat-rack , my clothes are ... a few letters prescribed to me on a test doesn't decide my masculinity for me . what does is how i act and conduct myself . masculinity can be very flexible . neither of the above ? i don't see on how being reserved , empathetic , caring , patient , and creative are somehow feminine ; they're useful traits for both genders . the only real difference are how such ... just because one is emotionally close doesn't make one close . sharing feelings and thoughts are healthy and important to any and all worthwhile relationships , platonic or otherwise . it's not my fault that i prefer walking on grass over cement , or that i like to hop around at times and make exaggerated gestures , or talk to things people can't see . life is interesting that way :) ... i've always taken my lessons from the willow-tree . for me , being flexible and adaptive are important . unless if i'm directly affected or someone close to me is , i tend to stay in the background and ... something about most folks gives off a certain vibe to me , like something isn't right . i don't know if it's fakeness , but i tend to not get along with people who have that vibe . whispy , light , messy , pure chicken-scratch . i've never dated before . no on ever asks me out , or they just aren't into me . sex is fun and sacred . it can be one the most pleasurable sensations one could ever have in life , along with being the purest expression of trust and affection . i look forward to when i can give ... around people i don't know ie in the classroom : * looks up submissively * i beg pardon sir / madam , but i'd rather keep to my own counsel as i fear i'd might be a burden to you . however , if you need ... i'm infp ( obviously ) and gay , and no one as ever told me that i'm feminine in spite of the stereotypes surrounding both . period . however , the reality is that there are guys , regardless of ... i duck and cover when i hear the phone ring , hoping that someone else will get it . depending the person , i either love or hate camming ; it makes me feel more subconscious than usual if it's with ... oh always , for some reason i worked better with people older than me instead of those close to my age , unless if they themselves were genuinely mature as haughty that may sound . ... people using the goodness in others for their own ends . i mean really ? :d ry : ... i'm the one that gets friendzoned all the time , not the other way around . i've always loved the night more than day . it's quiet , relaxing , bereft of any distractions ( aka people ) , and for some reason , my creative and logical trains of thought work better at night than when ... the article was a little too ... rough for my tastes . then again , it's better to learn these things now than latter when they smack me in the jaw . it certainly has helped put my life in more ... my brain doesn't soak up math , or numbers in general . they just brush off with a few bits sticking , but barely . maybe it's because that math is so basic and not very creative that infps don't grow a ... i find eyes to be the windows of the soul in all intents and nuances . as such , i always felt that starting too deeply into someone's eyes can expose parts of them that may want to be hidden , so i ... '