' affirmative . it entirely depends on if i agree with the estj's values . while the estj preference for structure and systems can really help me be efficient , and i generally appreciate their straightforwardness , ... my enneatype was easier for me to assess than my mbti type . i'm a pretty classic type 9 , so the instant i read its description i knew . mbti type diagnosis took a bit more scrutiny , looking at ... in my nfp ( also type 9 ) boughts w anger , i have learned that anger is a self-righteous emotion , and that it can be destructive or helpful and validating . it is a selfish emotion , but that is not a ... extroverts please read : 71596 cold mountain braveheart eternal sunshine of the spotless mind schindler's list romeo and juliet serenity man on the moon i am legend white squall requiem for a dream just finished flame of sevenwaters by juliet marillier . now reading thieftaker by d . b . jackson and the color of magic by terry pratchett . um , yes . after a decade of independence , the kitchen remains a hazardous area for me because of this very affliction . i have good guy streaks , and i really do try to stick with the high road , but i am inevitably repelled by routine and responsibility , angered by mindless conformity , and enticed by the subversive ... fictional infpsu 200b peter gibbons - office space luke skywalker - star wars bastian - neverending story willow - buffy the vampire slayer stanford blanch - sex and the city belle - beauty and the ... as an sx dating an sp , i must say these descriptions are spot on . i have found the sx / sp relationship can be rather complimentary , given our shared instinct to include each other in daily routines , ... i just watched a vikings marathon on history channel . love the historical accuracy and info-dumps paired with sex and violence :) beautiful cinematography . 8th century is such a perfect setting ... i really enjoyed jumper and push . what ... ? i'm your huckleberry . wow . i'm an enfp and a teacher and that list of stressors makes me wanna quit my job even more ! 62262 when you develop a habit of wearing earbuds in public places , regardless of whether sound is coming out of them or not , so you don't have to make small talk with anyone . ibuprofen liquigels i tend to have heroes in various genres : director / producer / writer = joss whedon , aaron sorkin , tina fey poetry = robert frost , robert louis stevenson , louis l'amour , ralph waldo emerson ... i believe in magic like i believe in ghosts : as in , i don't . illusions , yes . karma , maybe . paranormal things going on in and around us that as humans we cannot yet explain through science , certainly ... you know you're not an enfp when : - you're extremely literal . - you stick to your monthly budget . every single month . - you can see the top of your desk at work . - algebra makes sense . - you ... i ’ m a 9w1 and i see 9s and 3s as being very different . 3s actually annoy me more than any other enneatype . their fast-paced , ego-oriented ways irritate my laid-back , sympathetic sensibilities ... the town with ben afleck and jeremy renner . not bad . somewhat original ending . i'm a teacher and i feel like i've had students who will grow up to be renner's character ... :( curiously , according to poll results so far si's are unlikely to notice eye color . less than a quarter ( 4 of 22 ) of the si voters thus far notice eye color . it would be interesting to correlate the ... i've noticed i go through less introverted phases , then swing back to super-introvert . being an infp and a type 9 , i think this is the manifestation of my 9 loop oscillating between wanting to ... i do wish we could chat longer but i'm having an old friend for dinner . : wink : yes . 1000 times , yes ! as colin firth says , “ when i'm really into a novel , i'm seeing the world differently during that time - not just for the hour or so in the day when i get to read . i'm actually walking around in a ... oddly enough , i am peeved daily by several typical and seemingly harmless societal conventions . the most recurrent example , the american convention of greeting strangers by asking , “ how are ... my dad recently turned 60 , and i complied these quotes about age for him : no wise man ever wished to be younger . ~ jonathan swift at 20 years of age the will reigns ; at 30 the wit ; at 40 the ... '