' i've heard people say that secretly every person has a dark part of them that dreams of avenging someone they love ; except it's not true for me , i've never wanted revenge . i have fantasied about ... you put enfp in 9th place ? whaaat ? how is that supposed to happen ? :) no , im not saying infps dont have a dark side im sure they do , its just i dont notice mine . i'd love to come to the dark side or the force ... but only if you have cookies hahahaha ... definately . i dont understand what everyone means by darkside though . you mean like secretly hating people or thinking disturbing thoughts ? i dont think i have a dark side ° _ ° i wrote a long thing on uruk hais but it got deleted : , ( i havent got the courage to write it again im fine house ~ simple and cozy bohemian home decor gallery wall featuring natural sitting room idea with cream fabric sofa feat round table also three stainless steel arch lamp design ideas amazing ... funny you should mention bohemian ... when i move to a place of my own in a few years , my big plan is to only buy furniture from second hand and charity shops , and maybe pick up a few rejects along ... exactly ! ! thats exactly what i mean ! thank you ! ! i realise now that i maybe didnt phrase the question properly , im not really referring to the music genre as it was originally meant to be , but more ... i i asked because hippie and emos are more of less opposites unless the hippie has taken so many drugs he / she gets depressed ? btw don t attack me just because i asked a simple question , and to be ... well im infp and if im honest im too tactful if you know what i mean . i would get what i want more often if i were blunter . enfp on the otherhand : start off seeming very tactful but once you get to ... you tell me : do you know any hippie / emos ? do any other infps feel like they could be hippies and emos at the same time ? maybe but its fun i had to laugh at this one , as it's one of the things we like most about ourselves . how do you disrespect us about that ? are we too childish for your taste ? i didnt say that . i said ( somewhat jokingly ) that letting themselves get walked over is a thing infps would do . i have plenty of others reasons to believe that he is infp what , you don't ? don't tell me i'm alone . :'( ok i'll start ! ! ! infp are : lazy procrastinating moody socially awkward ( at first ) leave bad first impressions no , i feel frodo is an infj but what i definitely know is that faramir is infp . no doubt about it . typical infp to let himself get walked all over . i still love him though , he's so sweet ! i didnt start this thread just so i could talk about me , me , me , in fact i don't talk about myself except to a very trusted few . i did start this thread to improve and to find out how i come across ... @ the hungry one but what if i don't want dress and behave the same way as others ? my brother is an istp and it hasn't always been easy . as an infp , i was a very sensitive and weird kid and my brother was normal and don't too fussed about subtlety . so he would just be honest , let ... i like these answers so much , i thanked them all . and i don't just thank any old post . you know what ? i think i will start stalking the enfp forum if that's not too creep to say . i just remembered ... you enfps are very enigmatic and i like that . you have very profound and complex personalities , though most people don't see it . most people only see the happy , goofy , optimistic extravert but i bet ... john.thomas moonious thanks for answering ! wow , that's really interesting . how do you feel ? rare ? or average ? can you get along with everyone ? i'm sure there are exactly xxx people in the ... i'm just interested in what that would be like . is there anyone here who has scored close to 50 % in each letter ? for example : 50 % introverted 50 % extroverted 50 % inuitive 50 % sensing 50 % thinking 50 % feeling 50 % judging ... haha love it . typical t :P . to be honest , i have actually been able to follow through with some of my projects - for example i made a number poster for my cousin , it took me a year but i finished ... i'm an infp and i've heard that not being aware of how you come off / not caring how you come off is a common infp problem . whether or not this is true for the general population , i know that hardly ... 1 . what are your favorite colors ? wine red ( in the glass and on the table cloth :D ) white , light grey , silver , copper , pale baby pink , lots of other colours ... for a long time it was royal blue but ... i'm sorry ( or not sorry ? ) :( i love manipulating others to get what i want and i never miss opportunities so that others are not disappointed . i laugh at others ' misfortune and i love watching the news because it's always full ... statement : enfps are the best type of extrovert for introverts . agree or disagree . explain why . interpret however you like . start now . i agree . :P cosmofaerie no but seriously i know a sociopath and he's an intj . ( also can i say that in my experience socio - and psychopaths are quite different : psychopaths are charming and ... yes ! i find i'm okay at most things i do , but i wished i was really good at at least one thing . * sigh * and about people talking over you ... sometimes i feel i don't exist . anyone else feel like a ... i'm not weird , i'm just very original ! just because i'm not a sheep like everyone else ! ( referring to the way sheep just do what all the other sheep are doing ) are you trying to out-hyper me ? ... oh ok thanks for answering ! i just thought you know sensitivity and stuff ... whatever . im scared of automatons . :D wow , id forgotten i'd even started this thread ! 25 replies , not bad . any way i think you re all useless ! this is an arguments thread for goodness sake , where is the anger ? ! just thought id start it ... oh well you shoud have seen me in school , the teachers couldnt get me to shut up . but of course they couldnt punish me because i was only asking questions , and looking like this : ... i'm an infp and my friend's an enfp but i get hyper a lot and i actually wear extroverts out . regarding your enfp = funny , infp = sweet , i'd say i'm sweet when im calm and funny / extremely ... i was just wondering ... which mbti types do you think are most easy scared ? and which are the most fearless ? ( note : i don't mean brave , i mean not afraid . ) because i was just reading someones ... 1 . first of all … what is your type ? infp 2 . on a scale of 1 to 10 ( 1 = low , 10 = high ) , how confident are you that you actually are the type you say you are ? 9.098 what other types have you tested as , ... well i only know one infj and he's a sociopath . he managed to make himself and everyone around him miserable without even realising it . now that's talent . i'm an infp and i've known my enfp best friend for less than a year now and haven't actually spent a lot of time with her because we live on different land masses but ... she is the best friend i've ... hi . i'm starting this thread because i really want to know my brother's type and i can't seem to work it out . here's what i've come up with so far : i : i think he's an introvert because he spends ... take your existing arguments here or start new ones . yes , i love them as well ! a few years ago i examined every single book in the fantasy section of a blackwell library until i found something i wanted to read . i'd seen robin hobb's name in libraries ... who cares what the * * * you think , do i look like i'm interested ? no i don't , most probably because i * * * ain't ! now get outta my sight before i annihilate your entire family ! at the moment i get up at 1.30 pm and eat breakfast instead of lunch . then i have dinner and cant sleep until 3.30 pm . talk about vicious circle . also , i dont know if you've noticed this but an ... '