' welcome ! ! ! here's another proud infp * hugs * : kitteh : yeah me too . i want to say something meaningful and then i can't think of anything and it just becomes awkward . a good trick might be to relate the discussion to something that happened to you . like ... enfp ... sigh : laughing : not that i don't like them ( i adore them ! ) but i can't see myself in a relationship with one . we are far too alike . i think the ne + ne can be quite overwhelming . i think i ... yeah me too . this seems to be a big problem for infps and intps . but i've gotten used to it by now . i don't mind being alone , but i miss having people to talk to . we n-types are so few ! the other day ... intj or infj ! maybe entj if you want someone who is really effective and will drive you nuts in the process . but it's difficult since you're white , we could speculate a long time about that . a ... i can't type you because i'm not in your head , but i can say that you're giving off an enfp-vibe ( based on my subjective impression of your post ) . enfps are not at all less sensitive than infps , at ... i'm born female but i consider myself neutral . i feel i can relate more to men than to women in some regards . sometimes when i look into the mirror i think i look wrong . i mean , i have all the ... i don't think there is one pop-group that can match abba ! i play through their records trying to find a bad song , no luck : tongue : i have a very strong sense of what's fair and not fair based on my subjective values , so yes , i am very interested in politics . not sure how much it has to do with my type and being fi-dominant . i ... i forced them to take it : kitteh : i have an introvert-feeler-family . i would even call it an inf-family , because my isf-father hasn't really been there much ... all my best friends are intuitives as well . i guess it's because they ... i'm sure there are infps out there who are a-holes . i just don't know any of them ... i'm so annoyed by the assumption that hitler was an infj . how on earth would anyone actually know ? ! ? ? ! ? unless you can directly ask another person what their preferences are , i suggest you don't type other people at all . it's a waste of time , because you can't be inside their heads . and how do you know ... wow ! excellent video ! i totally respect and agree with most of his critique . it's accurate and to the point . he is a smart man , but obviously he has been too invested in this theory . you can't let it ... this is going to be a long one , but maybe ... maybe someone out there has got time to help me ... : sad : it concerns a lost friend of mine . let's call him fred . when i was in high school , fred and i ... i swear i didn't see this post before i picked my avatar : laughing : oh i haven't heard that song in a while : happy : i can relate to that song , but i think anyone who's depressed or feeling overlooked could as well so ... i'd say , based on the people run in ... not sure about thinkers but everyone in my family are feelers and we're all agnostics / atheists . but thinkers should have logical objections to the concept of religion . actually i think everyone ... i like that they are crazy . lol kidding : kitteh : but what i like most about my intp friend is that she does whatever the f * * * she wants . she sees no reason to follow norms and she's very ... ha ha ha ! i agree with you , she's not ahead of them but that's the way she sees it - because it takes them time to get to the point where she's already at ! but of course it takes her time to get ... of course ! i'm not saying it hasn't got anything to do with interest , because it obviously has ! but if we turn it the other way around : what would you want talk about ? i wouldn't want to talk about ... people have already said what i wanted to say when i read your post , but i'll say it anyway : the mbti shows our preferences , we can all use sensoring and intuition no matter what the test says . so of ... yeah me too ! i was at a dinner party recently and i felt so out of place , but everyone else seemed to have a great time , talking and laughing ... and i kinda enjoyed listening to them at first ... but ... umm yes ! ! ! extremely charming people ! but i have only met a few , maybe i've been lucky ? : laughing : the struggle is real ! ! ! : sad : last time i was infatuated with a guy i wouldn't even talk to him , even though we were working together , i was too bloody nervous ! and now he's moved to another ... do you see hillary clinton as a politician close to the socialist left ? because as a socialist i see her as someone who deeply values the same thing as you : capitalism , private ownership etc .  ... completely agree with you . i'd vote for a third party candidate too . it's not throwing away your vote , absolutely not . don't put words in my mouth . i once killed a spider by pouring boiling water on it . i felt so bad afterwards . that innocent spider was boiled alive ! ! ! only because i was scared of it . yes , i'm a horrible human being : sad : ok i'm not an enfp but my best friend is and i've known him all my life . your enfp-guy seems very romantic . my friend is just like that . you shouldn't worry too much . actually , i think you should ... she had strong competition from a louder mouth : wink : i'm sorry , i should've been more clear : i strongly believe in the importance of experience and true education , and i think these things should be the main credentials when someone applies for a job ... that's a reasonable opinion . the us democracy is deeply flawed and voting for populist candidates sure is a way of punishing the establishment ( as it should be ) . but the system itself isn't going to ... when i say incompetence i mean in the sense of how to govern - not how to win an election ( any loud mouth with money could do that , as history has proven again and again ) . oh this is interesting ! since the op asked for infps and reasons we finally have something to work with what interest me is your response in relation to the principle-driven nature of the infp ... i wish i was as optimistic about the future as you . all i can think about is all his shitty policies which will make life harder for so many people , even outside the us . not sure it's worth it for ... i understand you're not , but i'm still not impressed by your reasons . anyway , thanks for sharing them . a country is nothing like a business . in business , you can do what you want with your ... i don't get your reasoning . you say trump was always a better choice than clinton , even without her experience ? just explain that to me . here's a metaphor : if you were going to , let's say , ... and yet , crooked donald is now a phenomenon ! how sad ! what's your own point ? you're isfj . i have no love for clinton , but she was the more competent candidate - years of experience - and her policies wouldn't have been any worse than those of trump ... also , he shows some signs of psychopathy . he was asking infp's . as an infp , who's first function is feeling , i say : if donald trump said everything i ever wanted a politician to say , i still would never vote for him , because he is ... you two obviously aren't happy together so it's good you broke it off . you'll find someone who is better suited for you and who respect your values . it takes courage to leave a relationship that ... i think a more interesting question would be : who contributed what to society through history ? and who has been calling the shots ? one could argue we live in an s-world , since most people are s ... i find it hard to engage them in subjects such as social issues and politics . when i have a conversation with my isfp father ( for example ) he isn't very theoretical and deep , he justs look at things ... i actually prefer cake , but pie is great too ... cake and pie should be the norm ;) i mean why have one when you can have both ? this . i hate the phrase social competence which is used a lot where i live . everyone is required to have social competence no matter what kind of job it is - but what it really means is kiss the ... thank you librarian ! it's good for me to learn more about the s-perspective . i have en - - friends that i don't have a similar problem with so i actually think it's the dominant s which i find ... i understand what you mean , but i think he would respect you a lot as a person , even if he does not care about your friendship as much as you do . and we don't know if that's the case ! he might be ... oh ... i'm infp and music is my life , yet it's somehow hard to rank musicians - there are so many talents out there ! but if i have to ... muse evanescence kent glasvegas flyleaf amorphis '