' good call on metallica , that's my favourite album by them . also : pink floyd : dark side of the moon , wish you were here , animals and the wall ( yes , all of them :P ) jethro tull - aqualung , ... i can deal with the fact she turned me down . i just hope it doesn't mean she avoids me forever now . the group assignments we are working on still aren't over , however that can all be pretty much done ... i just replied with a okay then , thanks anyway . i really like talking to her , and i was never talking to her just because i wanted to date her . so yeah hopefully things can work themselves ... i have no intention of showing hurt or ignoring her . honestly i just hope that she doesn't continue to ignore me . just for anyone who's interested . she's been avoiding me ever since i asked her out . so i sent a message suggesting a place and time to meet ( this hadn't been decided yet ) and got a no thanks . ... sounds ominous :P thanks for the advice . it seems the best thing to do . i normally hate to bring back a month old thread , but i really need some advice again . you were all really good with helping the first time . in the whole month it has been since i posted this i ... i'm not an infj but i saw this thread and i feel the same as a lot of the infjs here . metal is a huge part of my life , but you wouldn't know it from looking at me ( unless i'm wearing one of my band ... i am bookish , but what drew me is the ability to help people . it occurred to me that helping people find information is something i really like to do . i am aiming for work in an academic library or a ... i completed a degree years ago with a major in creative writing . so that fits with the artist thing i guess . i never used the degree though and after 3 years of retail ( and a short stint in admin ) i ... that helps a lot actually . i do get the feeling she's the type of person who wants to get to know you first . that last sentence makes me feel a million times better too haha . this also makes ... thanks for the help . i think my biggest problem is i am scared that if i don't come up with a perfect thing to do it's going to be a disaster ; which of course is ridiculous . i do like the ... it's garbage . i had never paid attention to the lyrics before but now that i have its potentially harmful if someone takes it too seriously . after dealing with insecurities myself i know that ... i'll try to keep this short . i have met a girl at uni who i get along with really well . i find i am very comfortable around her which means a lot to me as it usually takes me ages to feel ... yeah i've been told that to my face from someone i ended up being friends with . i try to keep it in mind when meeting new people , but there's not a lot i've been able to do about it unfortunately ... i was actually going to start a new thread about this . but i'll post in here . for uni my lecturer wants us to do an online mbti test before the next class as it will be about understanding ... yes , it does seem to irritate people doesn't it haha . also i find it hard to explain things to other people as well . i seem to leave bits out but don't realise it , as i know about it so it's ... i have noticed lately at work that my boss will explain something to me and i have no idea what he's asking me to do . i thought about it and i seem to have this problem with a lot of people . to me it ... excellent , i'm glad it worked out :) agreed , i can't stand auto's . i refuse to buy one haha . my biggest problem with driving was my confidence . it caused me to panic a lot , which is obviously bad . as my confidence in myself got better , and i learnt that i should learn from my mistakes ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I7OaHnj0wPc i've been listening to a lot of 70 ' s prog rock lately haha . honestly , i think he actually is sick . give him a call in a couple of days to see how he is . don't text , he'll appreciate it more . people who act like that have insecurities i find . best way to deal with it , is to remember that it's them that have an issue , not you . actually it's interesting you mention earthy . as i've found that more-so in the last couple of years i've been wearing clothes with more earthy looking colours . that's a really good point actually raichu . i hadn't thought of it like that . i've known enough intj's for example that i know they would need someone of another type to be ultimately happy . i find it interesting with horror films as i absolutely love them . the worse they are the more i seem to enjoy them ( unless they are stupidly generic ) . yet i do seem to appreciate a properly well ... these are all really good points . it does make sense that it's more your values and morals that need to be the same rather than an exact match in type . i found it interesting that malkovich ... yeah i totally understand . i honestly don't have a heap of experience with dating / relationships but it's something i will definitely be taking note of in the future . yeah so do i . it does suck being so sensitive . i guess i'm getting better but i still have to analyse something someone said to remind myself they didn't mean anything by it . wallmaster , what is actually meant by values synchronisation ? also to aconite good to hear it does work , i always find myself more attracted to isfp type people ( they may not actually be isfp's ... i was just thinking today about how the whole opposites attract thing being a myth , and i wondered ; just how successful would it be dating your own type ? i understand there are huge differences ... i admire the dedication to be honest . the thought of being like that myself freaks me out though haha . i find it very interesting that isfp's are considered so affectionate and touchy i am but only if i like someone romantically and i know 100 % they like me back . then i love doing it , it's how i ... agreed . with the right person i genuinely do not shut up . wow , i didn't realise but us isfp males can be dicks haha . don't read the long periods of no contact as him not being into you . we can just be extremely introverted . also we go with the flow so ... from the small amount of volunteer work i've done i can say it helps your self esteem immensly . pick a cause that means a lot to you and go for it . haha neither . seems far too stressful :P yeah you're right . it's their problem when you think about it . i usually just laugh along and wait till it passes hah . that's really good advice , thanks . :) looking back on what i wrote it sounds a lot angrier than i actually intended . it was more a curiosity i thought would be interesting to talk about , but ended ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fz01PGyqFR4 pink floyd always gives me goosebumps . to me it's some of the most beautiful music ever made . having said that i do find it interesting that i am a ... pfff , as if we'd do something like that : wink : anyway welcome to the forum firstqueen , i'm new myself but i have already found it is liberating to actually be posting here . haha , i know exactly what you mean . it's probably good for us isfp's to be friends with at least one judging type , but i have experienced that conflict . do you ever get people pointing out how quiet you are ? it annoys the crap out of me . the worst i ever got was why are you so quiet ? how the hell do you answer that ? haha or you get people ... i'm the same . people tend to think i'm weird ; and if i try to act normal people can tell i'm putting it on . i understand what you're saying , but we need sensitivity too . it helps us empathise with people . unless that's not what the question is referring to , in that case ignore me :P as for my answers : ... i tend to like anyone introverted . probably because i am such a huge introvert and feel i could relate better . to be honest an introvert chasing introverts could be the reason i haven't had much ... left , but i don't like extremes on either side . as i get older i actually find myself more tolerant of the right wing and even agreeing with them on occasion . however i do think there would be a ... i think with concious effort you can favour traits from other types . i did read though it is not a good idea to work too hard on strengthening shadow functions ( ne and ti for an isfp ) as it can just ... i love witty humour , and it's something i try to use when being funny . not very good at it yet . either falls flat or doesn't make sense haha . i like to jokingly insult or tease friends also . '