' kurosawa infj bergman infp godard entp i doubt that would happen . he clearly isn't a ni type , and as you said is about as intp as they come . assuming this is off the anime not the manga ? manga is quite different . xxxholic - yuko the melancholy of haruhi suzumiya - kyon a vast majority of the trickster archetypes . when someone outsmarts me i get smitten . it's a clear signal there is really some light shining from behind their eyes . deep blue annihilated chess . it is too static . i'd argue that there really is little room left for strategy in it . holo basically has ti and se in her stack somewhere , i can't really see enfp at all . i don't see whats wrong with the ' ice queen ' moniker . it just means one isn't overly superficial . i give it some real consideration if it is warranted . if not i go on the attack , and i don't really stop . slytherin . and you list deceitfulness as if it were a bad thing . not in the slightest . if the dead think actions are disrespectful they are free to voice their concerns , otherwise it's just people projecting . also it is quite hard to be cruel to something that ... while i wouldn't classify this as dark it was apparently macabre enough to get me suspended from high school back in the day . during biology when we had to dissect a pig fetus , i was feeling ... are thoughts of killing people really dark ? i'd associate them with anger or rage . darkness is something different , more ominous and grotesque . likely that it comes from a specific part of the brain , it is an accident that lumps different sensations together . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5abruK4N86o i find it humorous that the video in the op does more to objectify women than the trope could possibly do . pegging a muse as someone who solely exist to give inspiration ? chemical reactions don't ... hitchens using fe ? not a chance . entp all the way , just watch a woman is a woman . do you really think that the writers of this bill have anything other than the judeo-christian god on their mind ? the fact that the currency says ' in god we trust ' is sickening enough . ' merica ! as hitchens said , religion poisons everything . tertiary as a relief function and all that . bottle up and explode . i'll have to check up again , too polluted by asakura from suzimiya-chan . http://youtu.be/kKEwKszRTTc as for kyon . cynicism ( the real kind ) tends to be associated with the deconstruction that ... where is there a shred of introverted sensing in kyon ? itsj is such a terrible typing of him ( in both the novels and the anime ) , he is a clear introverted thinking dom . edit : kyon is basically dog ... sora no otoshimono / heaven's lost property tomoki - istp suhara - esfj sugata - intp mikako - entj ikaros - watermelon ? develops into isfp nymph - intj holo and lawrence are really hard to type correctly ( then there is the whole light novel versus anime thing ) . i'd say you've got the functions right for her , but i think a well developed istp fits ... yes , you're argument was so compelling i ran to almighty google to back me up : rolleyes : anyway care to explain where you see a fe-ti axis in hitchens as apparently nobody else does ? christopher hitchens , intjs , and extroverted sensing ( se ) | celebritytypes.com this sums it up well . and hitch is clear te-fi so estp does not work . based on ? she appears isfp to me . nietzsche and heidegger as sterotypical intjs . there isn't anything infp about them . compare to camus . dostoyevsky is likely infj , while kierkegaard infp . hangovers . mlodinow gives a really good account of him from the outside in feynman's rainbow . somehow i forgot this : 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? outside perspective . sometimes its hardest to see what is closest to us . 2 ) what do you yearn for in life ? ... 29 . male . bored . this is more of a test for everyone else . i've taken both the mbti and mbti step ii ( verified ) . curious to get a few outside views . 1 . click on this link : flickr : explore ! look ... i'm going to try and track down the interview where he states it , but anno has said that all of the main characters are introverted ( and given his knowledge of psychology i'd say probably knew what ... boredom tends to be one of the defining characteristics of my existence . so i don't really relate . find some woody allen films . annie hall is a safe start . godard and kurosawa are two of my favorites . une femme est une femme http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y-BK0XiXfPU ' is this a comedy or a tragedy ? either way it's a masterpiece ' brilliant ! ... murder is murder . the act is the same . barbaric cultures have kept this ' eye for an eye ' concept alive , while the more enlightened ones have moved past this . one has to understand that laws are ... government sanctioned murder is still murder . it just puts the blame on a faceless system to absolve guilt . we , as humans , are better than that . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dmO48lOXVe4 kenshin is a infj ( the fe ! ) and saito is an istj . watching the two of them interact it's obvious that they don't share any functions . also kenshin is a clearly social dominate , but why sx over sp ? yeah , she seems se + fe well done , the world must be ending in 2012 : laughing : everybody gets one . if after that they are unrepentant , i'll be the first to burn the bridges . a good possibility , if only as a mirror to the avatar . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hr0YZzL8KCI does the job well enough . why istj for kyon when he shows no signs of introverted sensing ? finch is such a hypocrite it's sickening . the reasoning generally stems from the martyrdom complex . but no mistake about it , lelouch is ni + te . in our defense , this is because when the mothership does come we can be the first to say ' i told you so ' , and show that we aren't crazy ( completely at least ) . '