' hello ! i didn't know where else to put this , so i thought making a new thread would be alright . i'm an enfj ( could be infj ; still trying to figure this out , because i think i'm a bit too quiet ... so , he actually called me , and we talked about the situation . he told me that he was a little pissed that i wouldn't choose a side , but that he understood where i was coming from . he's not mad any ... i am hearing him . i'm listening to him and letting him know that everything he is feeling is valid . both sides were in the wrong , and it's good to have the conflict in order to move forward ( which ... hello ! my friend is an entp 8w9 . recently , he was involved in a bit of a disagreement with some of our mutual friends . i didn't see it as anything too terrible , but he was pretty irritated by ... 5 wanted traits 1 . emotionally secure and sturdy . 2 . passionate and direct / decisive . 3 . kind . 4 . intelligent with a love for knowledge . 5 . protective but not overbearing . name 5 turn-off ... any entps up for letting me pm them a couple questions ? i'm a little weird about posting them publicly . already been said , but yeah , that post reeks of so much bullshit in so many places . almost everything about it is incorrect , except maybe the careers and the about me section ( even that section ... definitely , i see myself slip into 5 - ish behavior when i'm just worn out . i tend to withdraw , think about the problem , enjoy solitude , study . my friends have told me that when i'm stressed , they ... so , i've been going back to tests , even though i usually try to stay away from them , because a lot of them are skewed . however , i've been typing consistently as 8 , usually with 2 , 5 , 1 , or 3 ... hey ! i'm happy you caught this thread , because i definitely trust your judgment ! i've considered it , but the fears of 5 don't fit and neither does the path of disintegration for 5 . narcissistic my aggression doesn't really fluctuate . it's always there , just not always directed at people . i am not passive aggressive or evasive ; i am frank with a person when i have a ... because i typed as 5 when i first got into enneagram , matured a bit , became more assertive , less reclusive , less argumentative but more discerning when picking my battles , more sure in myself and ... definitely . i rarely feel an actual sense of threat , probably because i smell bullshit real fast . eight times out of ten , the person people are intimidated by is actually harmless , a ... i would just not send . he's made himself clear , and it's polite to respect his boundaries . he hasn't put any effort into salvaging this either , and you've put a bit more into the relationship than ... i mean , i do notice possible pitfalls , but i tend to have a sense in finality concerning how i will fix them . i don't prepare for a problem ; i cut the problem off . sometimes i miss the problem , and ... i definitely see the validity of your second observation , but i'm a little hung up on the first . it's not that i'm ambivalent about my anger - - i know it's there . i just wouldn't consider myself ... i would say i tend to do the second more often than not . my friends have complained about me doing the second , saying i come at things more strongly than i intend and that i do take things too far ... hey there ! i'm really trying to figure out which type i am between these two . reasons that i think i may be an 8: - i seek out challenges , and i don't fear if i will do well or not . i know what ... . no , i'm the same way about a few 2 ' s . some 2 ' s are great and kind and adorable , but then there are some who are unhealthy and they are just so obviously seeking attention that it drives me crazy . oh , no , that's alright . i'm definitely trying to keep a careful watch on my typing . thanks for the reminder , though . i came here for advice , and you've been helpful and insightful . really ? i'm pretty certain of my stacking . sx / sp definitely fits me , and so blindspot descriptions always fit . i'm pretty certain the way i process is ni to fe and that i use ni , fe ( and ... sylas i relate to some of that ( troubleshooting , standing up for the underdog , and studying evil ) , but there are some parts i don't relate to . i rarely feel fear in what most people would ... hm , interesting . so would it be correct to describe eights as solid , consistent , and constant ? would it be typical for an eight to sort of have defenses already prepared in order to avoid ... hm , i wouldn't consider myself particularly angry , but when i am angry , i don't tend to turn from it . it rests and brews , and i think i kind of subconsciously wait for the right moment to let it ... hm , i agree , but at the same time , i can't tell which one i relate to more (8 or 6 ) . it's less of an issue with a couple of out of place traits , and more of an issue of having a substantial amount ... i think so . but also , that would definitely make sense . i like risks and challenges , but i take deliberate steps . i thought that was more cp 6 , but you're right about the reckless thing . so are ... i think my struggle is that i do experience anxiety fairly often , but it's mostly about the safety of my family , rather than about every little thing . because of that , i've typed as a six . i've ... hello ! i'm wondering how one can tell if they're an 8 or a 6 ? are there any tell-tale signs ? can any 8 ' s back this up because now i'm questioning my type . this is me in a nutshell . i thought measuring people so harshly had to do with my sx variant and my 1 fix . my type 6w5 - 1w2 - 3w2 sx / sp types i'm attracted to : 8 ' s , 3w2 ' s , 5w6 ' s , 6 ' s ( but i don't see a relationship with another 6 lasting ) types i am not attracted to : 2 ' s , 3w4 ' s , 4 ' s , 5w4 ' s , 7w6 ' s ... hm , that's so interesting . my friendship with my intj is nothing like this . i personally hate passive aggression . if i have a problem with a person , i will tell them . communication solves ... infj here ! my intj friend thinks it's funny when i say delightfully morbid things , whatever that means . my intj best friend and i get in painfully long conversations . when we first met , we actually got into an hour and a half long conversation about my synesthesia and the appreciation of art . about a ... i want to know how intj's interact with infj's in order to compare to my personal experience with my best friend intj . a couple of things i'd love to hear about are : 1 . ) intensity ( do other ... this post is so old , but i'm bringing it back ( while also semi-infiltrating this thread bc i'm not an intj ) . is this an ni thing ? i experience this as well , but it's more like guys catch my ... kinda true , tbh . ( we're way too idealistic , and a lot of infj's take any criticism of their actions as a personal attack , rather than seeing it as a chance to improve - - oversensitive , ... sounds like less of an infj problem and more of a low self-esteem problem . you gave her a sound criticism of her character , and while people don't like to be told they're wrong , it's mature to see ... are any entp's willing to let me pm them for advice ? sometimes , i feel a bit uncomfortable posting about specific things online . k . ps : you're probs a 4 infp , just to save you some trouble . will come back to this later when i have more time , but just wanted to leave a couple of comments to subscribe and also so i don't forget . 1 . ) now i know how my esfp friend probably feels when my ... i never claimed to have a degree or be a doctor , but if you really want credentials then mine are six years of studying personality theory . but i'm sure an over-simplified , dichotomy-based , twelve ... infj's ? i know it's been answered , but i'd like more opinions if you guys are willing to give them . do you find that you get along with infj's of the opposite gender ? i'm a girl , and every estp ... have a feeling that op is very much not an infj and probably took a 16personalities test . sx / sp this was adorable and warmed my heart . f 2 well not exactly . that picture makes me a little uncomfortable , to be honest , haha , but yeah , i've been told that want i want is way too idealistic . marv yeah , i'm an sx 6 . i do think that ... depends on what moral philosophy you ascribe to . this . i am usually not an aggressive person whatsoever . my isfp friend is actually more aggressive than i am , but she pointed out today that i tend to choose my battles and choose them well . ... i'm currently in a very passionate love-hate relationship with immanuel kant . '