' how annoying is it when someone quotes what the sentence felt like rather than the actual words ? i find it odd that people will use the mona lisa's reproducibility as an example of its lack of worth when we ourselves are of a species of billions of people that are born and die every day , the ... whats wrong with eugenics ? i'd say so . this might be interesting to some : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UtmNCXSIr-Q the painting seems like the objective answer . it has more value , we have no shortage of human beings and they're easily produced . on paper , i'd grab the painting without a second thought . in real ... haha . very good . x93sometimes you need to decide if you want to be right or if you want to be happy . x94 x96istj i can't be happy and wrong . in the grim darkness of this essay , there is only slang . i was under the impression that the regime was already well established at this point , my problem is with it even getting that far . it has been a long time since i read the book though . i only read it once as a child but never truly understood the appeal . is it some masturbatory pro-democracy prop to remind us all that hitler was literally hitler ? a regime like that would never ... i find no helps . arguably , outside of a survival situation , if you're not eating like an athlete you're eating like an idiot ; this assertion tends to upset everyone though . i wasn't aware this was a thing , was under the impression it was just me . yes , i spend a lot of time exercising but none of it is for aesthetics ( if you're fit and healthy that comes naturally ) . i train to run further and faster and have better control of my bodyweight , i ... i used to be quite an artist , but i went through a phase in my late teens where i decided art was dead thanks to capitalism and i never quite recovered from it . ironically these days i'll only ... i generally don't have to , but if i must i should think my intentions are obvious because i'll ask them if they have any hobbies and other information gathering to ascertain whether or not the ... * i disagree . i find this a lazy way of thinking to avoid offending people . if there's one parachute left between myself and prof . stephen hawking i'll gladly strap it to his back ; though for the sake ... ask her if she likes you . but only if you're absolutely certain she's an intj . i have that style and all i do is run my head under the tap as part of my morning wash , brush it ( probably 4 strokes ) , dry it and brush it again . stays in shape all day , though it could just be ... just had a flashback from 1998 . http://www.6aming.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/grog.png i think you misunderstand , i don't doubt my own integrity , i just don't meet women that care . my observation that he missed out was made from my perception of the ops perspective , he was ... dawilliams i'm not saying he should sleep with her , just that he missed the chance . the rest of my post clearly states my views , which are that he should drop her immediately . i hope i meet a ... improvement with respect . i urge you not to pursue it any further . love shouldn't be stopped by business convenience and personal comfort . she's using this other guy for convenience until what he has to offer is no ... people have said rorschach from watchmen , because of his black and white world view , but i disagree . his black and white is absolute , yet he breaks his own rules . i live by my values and standards ... i find the best way to stop feeling down is to get angry , then use said anger to solve your problem . if a german tramp can almost conquer the planet , there must be a chance that i can make a difference . pressing the shiny fuck this gay earth button would have to be plan b . to quote everyones ... i know only one female intj , a fascinating mind with considerable intellectual accomplishments . unfortunately she's thousands of miles away now and quite unattractive so there's no chance of anything ... i have a few interesting rare or unique items in my possession , but i'm quite impulsive and could easily drop everything and leave it all to rot in a heartbeat . i have no buble , or at least no instinct to protect it or panic when it is broken . obviously i have situational awareness . i'm not sure if it's simply confidence and control , or a desensitisation ... couldn't you make the exact same argument for those shouting privilege ! ? i wasn't aware it was so bad until only a couple of weeks ago when someone here recommended a documentary called indoctrinate u , should be on youtube . was quite sickening to see a country that waxes ... i don't get miserable , i get worryingly focused and obsessed with the problem until i find a solution . i'm an intj but when i want to make people laugh i don't tell intj-quality humour when entertaining norms . i hardly think chevy chase , if he is an intj , catered to other intjs with his comedy . i know what you mean , i was just envisioning a person that wasn't put off by my honesty or my lack of interest in small talk and drama . i'm the same . i'd probably like to develop more long term social relations , but people rarely interest me . i'm trying not to come off as an elitist prick here but most people are depressingly banal ... i'm not sure i have one . reminds me of my friend that claims that , in my eating as flawlessly a healthy diet as possible , i'm crazy as a shithouse rat and that humans need to eat shit food to build up their tolerance and ... i haven't really matured much since youth , but then i was always a disturbingly mature child . it usually goes along like this : why don't you try it ? you might like it ? it's unhealthy . why would i want brief pleasure in exchange for long term health problems ? everything in ... in response to the thread , i'm a confident person and i deal with it by being myself and not giving a shit . it's entertaining . keeps weaklings out of my social circle and makes life quite interesting . that's pretty funny . i find most comedy too predictable to enjoy , though i might find myself laughing to tears at an off the cuff comment that comes out of nowhere while others look on as if i have some kind of ... drop her like a crying baby and move on . don't sanction that bullshit from anyone , you'll feel better for it . potentially , but not in the current climate . nothing out there really matches my world view . i'll probably make a career out of it when my body starts to fail me . i wanted to be a ghostbuster when i was really young . i always excelled at everything but i never had any passion for it . i never studied , i don't know how i got away with it . these days all i ... my life or the natural process of life ? the question itself would bother me more than either statement . i personally avoid it at all costs , i consider it a waste of time when i could be reading about real events from human history and come out of it with some knowledge . truth really is stranger than ... definitely . even as a kid i would play video games with the most arbitrary self-imposed restrictions and never revised for any exams because it felt like cheating . '