' time to participate some more and come up with songs for the rest of you ... hemo i guess it should be called bad girls in your case , though . ^ ^ youtube - ‪ whitesnake-bad ... maybe what people want to actually express is their connection to that specific place because they not only were born there but also grew up in that place . so they adapted to the culture there , ... i can confirm that ... not losing stuff ... but forgetting about details ... i can't remember the birthday of my best friend ... i forget names , too , yes , and i also forget quickly what was exactly said ... circumstance sucks ! : sad : and so do words ... words are weak and imprecise ... or am i just too pathetic to express my thoughts and feelings properly ? : unsure : as far as my opinion goes , the whole 2012 - doomsday-theme is flat-out bs . but regarding facts , here is an article ( and in there : further articles ) that explains why nothing is going to happen : no ... what is your ideal first date ? a visit to the ghost town of prypiat near the chernobyl nuclear power plant . for those of you who don't know about that ... in 1986 the nuclear reactor basically ... o waka o / laka o / / thanks for that input ! : laughing : i understand that you are skeptical - that's alright . i have no scientific proof , anyway . but seriously ... linking to a tv show as an argument ? that's a lot less scientific than personal ... don't have that line , either . well , i was skeptic about it , too . but an online friend of mine ( we have never met , yet ) did a reading only by looking at photos of my hands and still was ... way to make friends to make fun of rape victims by calling them whores ! : angry : ' they raped every german female from eight to 80 ' | books | the guardian my heritage is ( broadly speaking ) all german . broadly because a big part of my family comes from east prussia which today is russian territory . it looks about this : german ( me , gdr ) german ( gdr ) ... first things first . since you quoted me , i assume you are talking to me . well , i'm a guy . there was no hatred posted . the posts contain an analysis based on experiences . if you feel attacked , ... well , my experience is based on people that are very mature , at least regarding age . but the willingness to make compromise or to work things out is the core of the problem i am referring to . it ... as far as my experience goes , intjs are wonderful people to be around and are highly attractive , too . the magic intj-enfp thing people keep talking ( or fantasizing ? ) about , however , seems to me ... ... and that's why we love our intj women . welcome and don't hesitate to participate ! german old school techno ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xox3uRLKVIo we may always have a choice - but that choice is bound and limited by the environment and circumstances . that is what the point is about . simple example for clarification ... somebody sitting in ... i don't agree with you , peter . there is a lot less choice in life than you want it to be . me , i am good example ... in school ( to contribute a bit to the topic ) i was nearly constantly the best in ... i am playing guitar ( acoustical as well as electrical ) and bass guitar . planning to get myself a piano , though , for the same reasons stated by dansemacabre . : happy : this . the worst thing you can decide to do is to not decide what to do . why not just jump into something that has more pros than cons and see how it works out ? if it doesn't work out - well , ... happy ( belated ) robots-day ! : laughing : with in-ear-headphones it's just too easy to walk down a street and go into thought coma ... i once walked across a parking lot and got out of the coma just as i stood directly in front of a car that ... [ citation needed ] i would also be interested in these sources . behavior isn't necessarily indicating testosterone levels ... although that may be true for animals ( like stallions vs . geldings ) , i ... i don't care about the words another person uses to describe their idea . it's the content that matters , not the choice of words . the only thing remotely annoying could be if someone used a hollow ... i am from germany . that would be b - then and this would fit for you having o , too . i should additionally mention that the institute that collects the blood is a private company . i don't really know how their business model works , but somewhere the compensation money for the donors ... i am from germany . : wink : and the payment is technically a compensation for the effort . i am a blood donor because it's good money , to be honest . sure , the aspect of helping saving other people's life ( or making it easier to live with some kind of disease ) might be appealing .  ... hey there , i just returned home from a blood plasma donation and as i was sitting there , getting blood removed from and reinserted into my veins , i came up with some questions ... what is your ... there is a fine line between derailing a thread and simply abusing it as a chat . and you , ladies and gentlemen , crossed that line . this thread grew by 46 pages within the last 24 hours . so , ... yes , indeed . :] i got to investigate that melting property , too ... because if it exists , i did not realize it , yet . i wouldn't worry about that too much . people are strange . http://www.motifake.com/image/demotivational-poster/0808/rule-36-rule-36-fetish-rnr-demotivational-poster-1218544608.jpg i usually just wear what's comfortable . :p roud : i told the guy only that one time . all my other observations are neatly stored in my people's database . completion of which is estimated to be achieved in about 50-60 years . ( there are just some ... the reason may be a certain lowered expectation from the world that intjs seem to have . i think it is not too far fetched to say that we see the current world surrounding us more objectively and more ... a good friend of mine is intp . but yeah , he drives me insane from time to time . especially when he theorizes about some philosophical and / or moral aspects that - whatever conclusion one draws from ... i can most definitely understand what you are referring to . however , i barely gave this a deeper thought yet ... now that i do ... yes , my best friend definitely has a certain bs factor ( to make ... but it was your free will that made you click on it ! ( or maybe i have - finally - developed the power to manipulate other people's minds . in that case : hooray and sorry . ) that's quite a lot , ... for the record ... you added me , bubble butt ! : laughing : besides that ... yes , indeed . that's also the reason why my profile is nearly empty . like the pirates said : take what you can , give ... yes . most definitely . stalking is so convenient ... reaping information without the need of human interaction ! an intj's dream come true ! moreover , if done right , you can gather even more ... this might heavily depend on where you drive . in urban areas ( or whole countries ) you constantly drive ( and interact for that matter ) with many people around you . capital punishment would be fine with me in a perfect system where a ) laws are perfect and accepted universally without any doubt about them and b ) no innocent person could ever be found ... agreed . : laughing : people start to apologize to you out of nowhere because they believe they somehow made you mad . ( yet , all you did , was ask for a cookie . ) my trousers ' pockets contain id , wallet , keys and a cell phone . everything else i might need can be bought , built and / or ordered with these 4 ingredients . great , i can hardly wait to be judged . so ... are we girly now ? hehe , nice to know . seems to be even more common among german computer scientists , though . aww , thanks . though usually it just seems to be an umbrella term . i have 4 fellow students ( that i consider to be in my circle of friends ) who share the same first name . :d ry : '