' yes . very true . maturity , emotional stability and ethics are likely more important factors in relative safety . i'm really thinking i might actually make articles based on the covers . i gotta get this project out the way first tho . do you know if she's a tall blonde ? eh , that doesn't even matter . she can always dye it with clairol . go for it ! a certain intuitive who is an absolute cutie :P part of me is tempted so say it's talon going hey wicker , heard you like hello kitty and dolls : tongue : yeah i think sometimes it does and sometimes it doesn't and it depends on how much it makes an association with past experience . like , my first impression of you was more about your comment than your ... i already discussed avatar , so let's discuss usernames . do you think that we project a lot of what we think of a user based on their username ? why or why not ? also , what's your favorite username on ... can you give me a more certain answer ? that's a huge accomplishment for a spamlite ! if i gotta share , then ax can have em ! i support this message lol someone's up late 80 % of all marriages thoughout history were cousin marriages . true story . oh i didn't say i was signing up . :P dana scully and fox ... and hopefully it doesn't take 9 years : tongue : better yet , there's user actually named mulder . and if mulder doesn't work , there's also a user named spooky http://hellinahandbasket.net/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/welcome-to-france-we-surrender.jpg i want to agree ... but i don't see any eevees sundae and anyone who likes to be po ' talon with anyone who likes to be not po ' nabbit and her creepy classmate cheshire and her fave intuitive dulci and her fave cloggie frosty and mazzie starr i was just about to say this lol . shipped no more distration no more procrasitination no more shipping no more venting no more gossip no more mafia game playing no more no more talon's the kinda mod you'd wanna go clubbin ' with i'd think robots would prefer intps : tongue : yes , is anyone as lazy as dulci ? :P i call clickbait reminds me of new orleans jazz . the horn bit i mean gee idk :P glad you like it . in several ways : sentience enhances intelligence . intelligence is the mere gathering of information , but sentience helps to forge deeper interpretations of such information . you can be aware of ... infj needs more votes ! ! ! i have never seen a group of little musicians look like they're enjoying themselves so little . i'm looking for that gun pointing at their heads you play when we say you play ! i don't think we could handle that level of cuteness . i thought piano was a dude and icpp was a chick ! : shocked : where's ur signup sheet ? :P i took 2 years in latin . it's pretty useful . you can probably find a good textbook by googling latin textbook pdf . latin grammar can be challenge , as nouns and verbs come with a lot of different ... lol i have no objections you coming over for dinner , sun ? i think i'll do that tuesday to show my appreciation . maybe spammangu too i can relate to this . it sucks . best i can say is , just because you room with them , doesn't mean you have to hang out with them . just get into your own thing , maybe join some extracurriculars , and ... i play love chicken , i won't say it unless he says it first . it's not the best way to communicate , granted , but it's probably his inconsiderate way of saying he's moved on and you should too . if you still have feelings for an ex , you gotta cut your losses and ... madscientosexual ha ! prove it ! :P when's the big day ? no more typing they're all mistyped :P cute agreed you sure that's before coffee ? you're kinda geeky looking but not ugly . you should join a band just cuz wow , what did he not do ? it's remarkable '