' arthur 1996 hi , really sorry for the extremely late reply once again , i just realised that i'm more than one month late : frustrating : sorry ! ! ! well that's great , i'm happy to hear about your ... frédéric chopin : infp sergei rachmaninoff : ixfp franz schubert : infp antonio vivaldi : isfj johannes brahms : istj ludwig van beethoven : intj hi compulsiverambler , i asked your question to the author of the blog i linked you , and the author has very kindly and promptly replied ! here is the reply : hi , thank you for starting this blog , it ... compulsiverambler thank you for your question , it's a really interesting one that i've never thought carefully of before . i suppose it'll be really sad and empty for the extrovert , as the ... hi , i was just wondering if anyone has useful mbti book / resource recommendations . more specifically , i'd like to better understand how functions work in general , the effect of the position of ... sure , no problem , thank you very much for your help ! oh , i see , i've always viewed the word reserved as quiet , and quite closed off to interacting with others . hmm , i do suppose i'd be a little ... “ alice : how long is forever ? white rabbit : sometimes , just one second . ” ― lewis carroll , alice in wonderland 521737 oh , i see ! what handwriting analysis books or websites would you recommend ? i find handwriting analysis really interesting and fascinating , hehe . hmm , what do you mean when you say that you've ... wow , that was extremely informative and detailed , thank you very much ! ! are you an expert at handwriting analysis ? that was a really thorough analysis ! my handwriting can have a right slant at times , ... hmmm , really hyper and energetic most of the time , always buzzing with unexplored possibilities , ideas , likes making new connections and ideas , can be really random , with wild bursts of energy ( have ... oh , i see , thank you so much for the useful explanation ! yes , it was actually the first thing i read about the personality types too . it actually got me really interested in this whole personality ... receiving love doesn't mean you have it . covering time doesn't mean it passes . breathing doesn't mean you live . - tablo 521394 hi arthur , no problem , you are very much welcome , i'm really glad you found them useful ^ ^ helping you helped me with understanding the functions better too , so thank you for starting this thread :) ! ... thanks for starting this thread , it's really interesting ! well here's mine : 521314 ( i have no idea why it looks so small when attached , but please click on the image , it will enlarge rather ... haha oops , it still looks rather neat overall to me though . well , at least intj isn't that far off going by the letters i suppose : happy : ! oh i see , i used an app on my phone ( tapatalk ) to reply , and the app does not display the user's type unless you specifically click on their username to view their profile , which i did not so i did ... i did not know this was a trait of isfps , i really thought it was just me . anyways , wow , this is so relatable and couldn't be more true for me . talking to people can be really exhausting for me ; ... intj or infj ? the four toed creed haha yay , that's great , thank you very much ! : laughing : well you're at the top of my list too , since you're my only friend so far : tongue : hmm , it seems that the 16personalities website uses a slightly different theory that combines jungx 92s theory of psychological types as well . based on what i have read from the website , it does not ... for me as a sensor , it's not so much about moving around . i'm actually a really lazy person who prefers sitting down , and rarely moves around . one reason i really like road trips is because i can ... no problem , but yes , you should try reading it indeed ! if you do , please type shylock . i've always been really confused about him , he is so undeniably cruel , cold and calculative throughout the play , ... welcome to personality cafe ! ! ! i do feel the same about the personality test too ! you certainly seem like a nice person yourself , i hope you'll enjoy your stay here ! : happy : 520810 the four toed creed hahaha : laughing : : laughing : : laughing : oh , i did not realise it was already night time for you . ah well , good night , i shall add you as my first friend on this forum if you don't ... knowledge is power , france is bacon . 520666 the four toed creed ah yes , now that i think about it , it could really be due to the emotions part for me as well ! ! haha , well i have a really hard time motivating and getting myself to study or ... the four toed creed hi thanks for the reply once again ! yes indeed haha i'll definitely try to keep my amnesia in check : laughing : well thank you very much for the information about enneagram , ... wow , you're so lucky ! ! ! : shocked : what fair is that , it sounds really interesting : o yes please , thank you so much it would be fantastic if you could take a video if you get to see them ! are you free ... ok thank you , that was pretty helpful ! : happy : merchant of venice characters , anyone ? sorry , please delete this blank post ! > < ( or is there a way i could delete it myself ) i'm kind of curious as to how you determined the possible reasons . is it by some kind of functions , or based more on a general feel you get from each type ? i've been wondering how people do these ... arthur 1996 hi , i happened to chance upon this really helpful information regarding secondary ne ( infp ) vs secondary se ( isfp ) by killinit in a thread ... the four toed creed hi , thank you so much for your prompt and detailed reply once again ! really sorry for the late reply , i wanted to take more time to read the part about enneagrams in your post , ... ! ! yes ! i love chinchillas , they are like giant cute fluffy versions of mice . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bMpl5rMDVvA https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RdFBn1edmwQ i'd like to live on ... hi weaknight , thank you so much , you are way too kind ! ! ! i'm still a beginner at this , and have lots to learn , so i'm really glad you found my answer useful ! ^ ^ i really agree with what you said as ... weaknight hi , i personally do not believe that it is possible to change one's personality over time . i do believe , however , that these things within their personality type can change as a result of ... haha , this could very well possibly be due to the fact that my post was filled with fi , and not so much of the other functions though ! so it'd be no surprise if you could relate to it if you were an ... hi , i'm glad you found my links useful ! yes , in my opinion you do sound like you use ne more from your descriptions , particularly the way you described the image , which sounded like you were ... hi , it would be great if you could mention me in your reply like this : amnesia or by choosing the reply with quote option under my post . that would alert me that you replied under my ... hi , i found this rather interesting website regarding this : https://mbtifiction.com/2016/03/09/nature-vs-nurture/#more-9206 ! by abbreviations are you referring to the mbti types , such as intj and infj ? vunar yes , that would definitely be interesting and insightful , thanks ! the four toed creed hello , thank you so much for your prompt and detailed reply again ! ^ ^ haha , was the first line meant to be a pun since my username is amnesia ? : laughing : : laughing : : laughing : ... infjennifer thanks , glad you found that helpful ! haha yes , i thought so too while i was typing my response ! : laughing : hi altruistic misanthrope , thank you so much for your prompt reply and valuable information ! ^ ^ i agree with pretty much all of what you said , thanks for your valuable insights . yes , you do make ... hi four toed creed , thank you so much for your detailed prompt reply , help and kind words once again ! ^ ^ :D d yes , i suppose it could indeed be so , haha ! do you have any idea how unhealthy fi ... arthur 1996 hi arthur , welcome , glad you found the website useful ! sorry , i really am not good at this , but i shall give it another try . yes , it could be due to ni as infjennifer mentioned ... analyticalnonsense intp aversion to conflicts until things eventually can't help but reach a breaking point '