phrases i never want to hear again a . k . a if you say any of these to me i'll escort you to the gates of hell ' ' don't question me , i'm your mother / father / teacher ' ' ' ' you need to start living ! ' ' ... some ? that's it , i'm collecting every coin that's around the house to save for this . i've forgotten how alien not wanting to hurt other people's emotions at the sake of one's wellbeing is to me and how normal it is for some of my friends . why would you stay with someone you don't ... why do some people idolize their significant other so much ? god fucking dammit , grow up , there's no such thing as a perfect guy / girl , some people are so delusional . i'd also like to point out that the pain with cramps is actually caused by the uterus contracting so strongly that it cuts its own blood supply . so yeah , tell that guy to come back to you when one of ... http://25.media.tumblr.com/df4b8c9cbabe7fa3ef62d7b7f2b6f968/tumblr_mhcwd8Cgu01qe31lco2_500.jpghttp://25.media.tumblr.com/b6e2cec8512b4c680811e2e85ceb3c97/tumblr_mhcwd8Cgu01qe31lco3_r1_500.jpg ... ... happy are you ? 7 ... socially skilled are you ? 6 ... lazy are you ? 8,5 ... emotional are you ? 6 ... book smart are you ? 7 green , orange , blue , gold not unexpected at all my mom's isfj ( i made her take a test ) , dad's intp and sister's probably a ixfp ( she's still a kid so i don't know for sure ) . i get along with them , specially with my dad . how and why did this become a debate about how supposedly unfair it is to be calling out op on his lack of respect towards women ? we get it , you think we should be talking about girls who objectify ... blast music out loud , dance and sign around the house , talk to myself , make a blanket fort ( if i feel like tidying it later ) , daydream http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7_RZLAxsa8Q ah , the memories you said that you wanted to attract women , right ? well , my first tip is : don't judge them so quickly . seriously , people often times are more deep than what they apparent to be , i'm friends with ... i don't think being a female intp sucks . gender roles and sexism suck , but we get used to it and either do the chamaleon thing or just be ourselves without giving a fuck . http://25.media.tumblr.com/d0e64bf2a9e134d6da9493d6db65b652/tumblr_mhlwu3Ynq11rgw6vho1_250.gif hmmm , got it . but then in theory it means that people can be completely brainwashed if that kind of technology gets in the wrong hands ( very likely ) , which would lead to no one questioning anything ... i struggle with subjects i don't care about being mandatory . i'd be better off with no geography and more biology , which is something i'm actually interested in and will actually be useful in what ... well , not everything that brings satisfaction has to do with buying things . of course , in our capitalist society we've been taught that you need to own things in order to be happy , but the solution ... http://24.media.tumblr.com/fc8dd4ac87a2b94d7ba426f1d8bcf356/tumblr_mhh9cl7tbb1qm7ttzo1_400.gif we're perfect u200bin every sense of the word i am so excited for my classes to start next week . i mean , it's senior year . everyone who was a senior at my school said that it's a pretty hardcore year in terms of grades and stuff . but i'm ... i play occasionally . mostly stuff like legend of zelda , mario and ace attorney . first person shooters make me nervous ... idk man . it's not that i don't like other genres , it's just that i haven't ... what are your interests and hobbies ? hmm , biology , being useless on the internet , listening to music what kind of food do you eat ? i'm kind of picky with food are you vegan , meet eater , ... i only have five close friends . i know other people with whom i hang out at school semi-frequently , but i'm not as comfortable with them as i am with my core group of friends . i call them friends for ... if i am an intp ... does that mean i'm made of titanium , neon , silicon and iron ? when i actually want to go outside , despite there being way too many people . if they have , i'm not aware of it . i think most people just find me ' ' weird ' ' or a ' ' special snowflake ' ' . http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m9cgbkMqVu1runggso1_500.png die . ... thinking about it , i'd probably get a lot more of stuff done . lazy afternoon 47298 milk allergy is not the same as lactose intolerant . ' ' oh you just ate some cheese , run to the bathroom ! ' ' no . http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lno6j8tq1b1qdi9pco1_400.jpg my mom's an isfj , i think my dad's an intj and i have no idea about my sister's type , she's still too young . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HMnrl0tmd3k + the sound of the rain outside . crushes are dumb . that's all . babies are cute ... when they're quiet and at least 5m away from me . the only kids i interact with sometimes is my friend's 6 year old brother and my sister ( 10 ) . the first one is a very active and ... i suck at having motivation , figuring out my feelings , starting conversations , mantaining friendships ( ! ) , exercising , self-control , etc . that's all i can think of now . i'm almost always in my school uniform - - t-shirt / hoodie , jeans , sneakers . my favorite outfit is composed of pantyhose , shorts , t-shirt and combat boots . also , virtually everything in my wardrobe is ... my first and preferred name means ' ' small ' ' , so it suits well for a 1,57 m girl . the rest of my names ... people find them complicated to pronounce . i like one of my surnames though , it sounds rad ... an intp , i guess . soy milk , cocoa powder , instant coffee , no sugar . twice a day , every day . i can't stand black coffee or boiling hot drinks for that matter . i like my stuff warm . this applies to so much of my life from when i was 9-13 . i'm being less and less of a people pleaser as years pass though . it's a great feeling to finally understand it . thank you . thank you , thank you . planesandtrainsandcars yes , it's spanish . nowadays i only speak it with my family though . thank you very much for your analysis ! i am indeed undecided between intp and istp . i think it makes more sense that i'm intp , though . i'll definitely study the functions and how i act closely ... thank you ! :) my name's paula . i came here in hopes of learning more and getting to know myself better . i'm south american , therefore english isn't my first language and it isn't perfect . please please please ... is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , age , ...