' thanks for the great suggestions . i will definitely take them into consideration . regarding the layout of the quiz , that is the result of the limitations of the website . i cannot change the way the ... if i could , i would give a more comprehensive results section but unfortunately i don't have this option within the format . i will be moving the test to another site at some point to fix this issue , ... wintersflame cool name btw . a ) 6 b ) 4 c ) 9 d ) 3 what do you mean ? for anyone interested , i have a revised version here : https://www.qzzr.com/c/quiz/446934/cognitive-functions-based-mbti-test hey thanks for taking the time to give your feedback , i appreciate it . regarding the true mbti assessment with the forced choice option , do you think that people are ultimately receiving their ... any in particular you had in mind or just in general ? i'm definitely open for suggestions and making some changes . this is still a work in progress so all input is good . we made a few slight changes to the quiz . some wording changes and added clarification for the percentages . i suggest doing some reading on the cognitive functions . find out which functions you prefer and see which type that aligns with . thank you everyone who has taken the test so far ! so far it seems ( from perc and testing friends of mine ) that the test has been off in scoring , some people who are introverted have been scoring ... in april , i created and posted a cognitive function based mbti test . since then , with the help of pooki , we have revised it and added another set of questions . please view the previous threads ... wrong thread . wow , this is an old one guys ! i've pretty much come to the conclusion i'm an intp since then . there used to be a debate between infj and intp , but after much consideration i'm sticking with intp for ... hey , thanks for your input . i would agree and say that i'm definitely a ti user . beyond that , i've realized recently with a fair amount of certainty that i'm an intp . i type as lii by the way , but ... one more bump archie : isfp betty : enfj jughead : infp veronica : esfj cheryl : entj kevin : esfp 1 . inxx - 5w4 2 . ravenclaw 3 . yup 4 . female i'm curious why you felt the need to post on a thread about a show you have no interest in . it must be so absurd and uninteresting that you had to take time out of your day to write such a passionate ... anyone else ? pushing myself up a little . anyone want to have a go ? in my opinion , there isn't quite enough information to determine your type from this questionnaire . could you possibly complete another questionnaire and post it here so that we can get a more in ... g0lde and spaceynyc i'm curious what made you both draw the conclusion of intj . to be honest , i haven't been typed as intj in quite some time and am usually typed as either an infj or intp . i was ... i posted this revised 40 - question questionnaire on the what's my socionics type ? forum but since i will likely never get a response to that , i figured i might as well post the questionnaire here to ... robotic forestlii or lsi daiz eii te 1 . how do you work ? why do people go to work ? are there any parameters that determine whether you can do work or not ? what are they ? * i work according to the job that i ’ m expected to do . i ... i was going to develop my own reply but i couldn't have said this better myself . as a 5w4 , i definitely relate . it's highly likely that many members that identify as a type 5 are mistyped , just as many are mistyped in an attempt to place themselves in any of the other personality typing systems . though i'd ... ne endologic entp 1 . shikamauru - naruto 2 . dean winchester - supernatural 3 . jimmy mcgill - better call saul 4 . kakashi hatake - naruto 5 . gray fullbuster - fairy tail it seems serious but it's really just a quick assessment . i'm a supposed ni-dom but i'm not sure if my experience is typical . when i'm listening to a song i fall somewhere in the middle between trying to the embrace the song fully with all of it's elements ... i didn't create this quiz btw , just putting that out there . your opinion is appreciated though . also , most quizzes are bullshit any way so i can see the value in attempting other methods for ... thanks all for trying out the quiz . i was honestly just curious what you would get . it was accurate for me , and the choices were easy for me to pick from . it's just a quiz like any other so of ... i posted this in the personality test resources forum but i'm curious what you all get on this quiz . it's rather quick and possibly accurate . also , if you'd like , please mention how relatable your ... ni 698890 the first thing i thought of was that it looked like the translucent but glowing blue belly of a radioactive and / or alien and / or robotic bug . i thought this beast had fallen over on its ... i kind of just skimmed over the list , so now that i've read them thoroughly , yeah i could see how most of these could be ixfj specific . what i'm mostly saying is , i don't think this list adequately ... i would wander around a lot and just observe everything which meant i had a lot of questions that didn't have any answers . i liked to walk around outside and find interesting things in nature like ... does anyone else think that this list can be applied to absolutely anyone ? 2w3 haha that's perfect . i probably would have said the same thing ... and annoyed the shit out of my brother lol . last thing about this and i'm done : eagerness : have you ever seem the jim carrey ... i've seen interstellar and actually saw to the bone recently . interstellar is a favorite of mine ( i think i've seen it about 3 or 4 times ) , very interesting to ponder . after i saw it for the ... i like this idea for a thread . you always have good thread ideas : friendly_wink : i recently saw the new planet of the apes movie , war for the planet of the apes . i would give it : ★ ★ ★ ☆ ☆ i ... yes , this exactly . i believe i mentioned this on a previous thread here recently . i can closely relate to what both you and melancholicbliss have shared . well except for having no interest in ... windblownhair those are hilarious . we seem to have similar parents . my dad is an istj , so not quite the same but they still share te-fi . things he says : the fact of the matter is ... then ... if you can't find people in person to talk to , there are a bunch of amazing and wonderful people on this site who would love to talk about this weird thing we call life . particularly in the infj ... i don't live in denver but have you tried to look for any social meet ups in your area that have discussions about topics you are interested in ? i believe there is an app for this but i'm not sure ... : rolling : what type is your mom ? things my mom has said and done : - starts randomly singing a song about peace and love while we're cooking dinner . the song included a dance which needs the ... see now you have me thinking about whether or not this is the way i am as well . i have many interests it seems philosophy , psychology , physics ( theoretical , astro , and quantum mostly ) , alchemy , ... '