' thank you very much wums . yes , same thing , different manifestation . i'm glad you found my post and i wish you the best in life ! we all deserve to be loved , only fear stands in the way . this sounds pretty typical infp i would say of my limited experience with myself and other infps . not that you screwed up but that you're acted selfishly and then felt ashamed of it . there are many ... i think that it's confusing sometimes to talk about judging and non judging people . we're all in a way judging people all the time , the only difference is that some people critically analyses their ... something i've thought about a lot today is criticism , it's uses and it's faults . i generally think that criticising a person is morally wrong because every individual do their best with the ... this might be further generations forward depending on place , we're closer to this scenario in the western civilisation but i honestly think that religion is going to be looked at from the big ... i think edward scissorhands is the only character that i can remember now that i felt deeply connected with when i watched the movie . it was like watching a physical version of my soul in another ... in the end you decide how you wanna view the world . remember that there's no such thing as evilness . some ( quite many ) people can't help but being partly slaves to their ego . being aware of the fact ... i don't know what you guys even mean with relating . do you really mean it seriously when you say that you relate 0 % to a certain person ? that seems weird to me . i can see parts of myself in about ... yeah , you start talking about a certain artist or group and people will tell you that they listen to them as well but the fact arises fast , they've only listened to the top hits ... these people miss ... i would consider myself a bit pervy and with a high sex drive . but i guess it's normal for my age too ( 18 ) so perhaps i could consider myself relatively normal for my age . there is a difference ... no . i honestly can't see it at all . especially depp . the best examples infps who attracted women in their prime like crazy is johnny depp and marlon brando . especially marlon brando . marlon brando had his issues like many of us have , we don't have ... it's impossible to know exactly because we don't have all the data . imagine having a computer who could collect all the data that exists , we could predict anything . what makes you choose a certain ... i think this is really interesting . i guess the idea of us not having free will is because we are made by the energy that this whole universe exist of , and that everything that happened after big ... think it about it this way . hitler probably did everything that he could do to make himself believe that he was doing something right and good . this is what's scary . many people have to rationalise ... haha yes , i think many can relate to this . i have a very heard time dealing with the fact that some people are seen as pure evil . i want to understand everyone . sometimes when i were younger , i ... i'm pretty sure that my little brother ( 13 years old , i am 18 ) is an intp . i've had best friends before in my life that i now afterwards suspect were intxs . i love them . often , we share the same odd ... i notice that some people will fake laugh at what i say when i'm stone serious ... so i guess haha ... will cover it . i wish some people knew that i only want well even though my words may come out wrong sometimes . can't really put it into any order like some of guys do but one artist that has the absolut biggest impact on my life ( and not only for his music ) is michael jackson . some other favourites of ... sorry for bumping such old thread but ... it's ridiculous to have to call an emotional and sensitive guy feminine . feminine is then associated with weakness .. which also is fucked up . i hate our ... infps in general might come across as a bit self centered but i think this is very dependable on maturity and intelligence as well . what you are describing about the self centered side and the urge ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LTtir5u-UjY the greatest song about loneliness that i've heard . so real and masterfully done . i agree . johnny depp is most definitely an infp ! i can't understand people who think he's an extrovert ... they must have seen pirates of carribean and then come to their conclusion .. i'm 100 % straight but i had this weird fascination with brad pitt when i was younger . i saw some movies from the 90s where he appeared and i thought he was the most beautiful thing i've had ever ... 1 . michael jackson - thriller 2 . d ' angelo - voodoo 3 . stevie wonder - original musiquarium ( compilation from the early 80s ) 4 . prince - 1999 5 . oasis - ( what's the story ) morning glory another two ... personally been attracted by possible enfps / enfjs . have a strange little attraction to a possible entp girl ( intp would in theory be fascinating too ) . but i believe that i could be attracted to any ... know that feeling ! feels like you see something really special in her eyes ( from my perspective ! ) , like it could be faith and she is the rescuer of my life .. i mostly wanna be true to myself and others with who i am and as soon as a i discover a fake one in public , i feel disgusted and can act a bit arrogant / passive aggressive against this person to ... first seconds , it reminded me of janet jackson ( the voice ) but in comparison to janet , this was nothing special at all in my opinion . i got pretty tired of both the beat and the vocals because ... if i'm in a wrong mood and there are one person who throws out stupid comments about something . with stupid i mean prejudice and opinions based on nothing . i can get passively aggressive and call ... can't wait to see this . i don't know if they are going to show it in sweden , i may just buy it . it's good that they are working on getting the message out . there are still a lots of people knowing ... we can be perceived as dominant with some sensitive / emotional touch if we have the confidence . most girls actually do want a man that have that dominant aura , but that dominant aura is called ... i tend to notice how girls love to talk about how caring and sensitive a man is supposed to be ( because notebook was sooo good ! ) but in many cases , they fall for a type that is so far away from an ... i kind of feel mixed about andrew as well . i read that he was an infp so i started to watch his interviews and i kind of got some very annoying arrogant vibes from him . but when he talks about social ... jude law . not hating though , i actually like his work as an actor and he seems nice in interviews but i don't know how many times he have cheated on his girlfriends while having bunch of kids as ... i become very very introverted in large social groups , cause the larger the group , the more shallow and non-personal the conversation gets and no one are really listening to you . you have to fight to ... i see . i'm sorry . i understand you though , i really do cause i have had big problems with the social thing and i still suck at small talking . i'm not the best one to give tips because i'm far from ... i understand haha . it's a bad thing in new social settings and you kind of give of these leave me alone vibes . but fake it till you make it works sometimes .. i usually looks very pissed until ... how did these worries start for you ? i can feel pretty self-conscious about my facial expressions sometimes but that is because i feel like i always look sad . even when i try to look happy ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JqYIwJDsinM when you're afraid of getting perceived as this cute little teddy bear with 0 % masculinity . i hate this . i'm more man than many other so called logical extroverted types who think they are alpha ... the problem is that people expect these evil people to burn in hell when there's in fact a bigger chance that we're just shutting down their suffering for good . if we want evil people to suffer , ... some people are just there for you even after a serious fight or a serious situation of some kind . they might come back next week , maybe next year but the point is that someday they will come back ... know exactly how you feel . i really feel like an narcissistic a-hole everytime i consider uploading anything here . after all , it's some kind of self validation or at least that's how i feel . yeah , you're right about that . we can never be 100 % sure . only way is to ask her myself . thanks for your input and don't mind my last comment , you're right , you base your comments on what you read ... i'm not that stupid or bad at reading people . she has been one of the girls on these parties that talked about me . they called me weird which was hurting . this was about 1.5 year ago so i shouldn't ... just wanted to say that i feel you . it's so sad with people judging you like that . also a curse of being considered good looking by some . not that i am very good looking ( just going by experience and ... i see myself completely in the idealist and johnny depp is an actor that i've studied a lot in interviews cause i always thought he was so much like me in his way of thinking and response to outer ... i sit when i pee . '