' she was curious of how many others didn't match up with the skills that are likely to be with the personality they've got and what people's thoughts are and if some people are very likely not to ... lol just because you test intp doesn't mean you're automatically a genius of any kind . no offense is intended , but it just doesn't work like that . also , i'm an infj and math is my strongest ... meant good * wrote that * talking about the ' i understand ' - - you wrote the other half of my statement that i left out because it was obvious , so now i have no idea what or why you write that . but it's cool , it's good to know :) people are different , that's food oops haha got a random quote with it lol xd if you read my post more thoroughly you'd have noticed that i never stated otherwise . i think you should read my post in here that i wrote to ramblerose something :) this is an interesting topic i love when you mention me in posts haha totally narcissistic xd life without you would be boring to me as well , thank chocolate we met each other ! ! :D the better they were * you probably don't understand this rambleonrose , but i believe , and i'm not saying it's a fact or anything , but i really believe that personalities have lots to do with skills . i'm a very ... hi :D :D :D thank you very much :D yes , danish is my primary language , but i've lived in denmark most of my life as i mentioned earlier . the picture helps a great deal , but i've also found my way around on this ... thank you guys :D and oooh you should go there , its crazy , it's constantly night half a year and then constantly day half a year and my dad sometimes took us sailing in his boat around small ... i've been thinking maybe going to istanbul this summer maybe :D no , it's not just you , i looove travelling as well ! :D i live in denmark , i just go whenever i can :D last summer i went places in germany , belgium , france , spain , italy , austria , switzerland and ... hooked on a feeling or up all night to get lucky :D weee you know you're an enfp when you think enfp is awesome xd i can't know for sure , but it could be it :D i have no idea as i said :D good luck finding out :) yeah , it said that on the site xd i was like ' whaaa .. ? ' hahaha :D oh and thank you very much for the warm welcome :D thank you guys so much :D the computrix asked where i was born and not where i live so i had to write it :p i live in denmark now , i only remember some things from kindergarten . but it's the most ... i like to imagine that i'm the main character in a movie , kinda like star-lord in guardians of the galaxy :) i feel like i'm a female version of him and when i walk down the street on my way to the ... wait oops ! ! i thought this was enfp haha :p sorry xd well , i don't regret mine , but i definitely can't use it for anything lol :p and i didn't even finish it . i went to the academy of fine arts , but it was really worth it ! i learned so much and i grew ... my best friend ( who is an intp ) showed my the test and i took it and it fits almost perfectly :D i am a very perky super happy very energetic and i'm very forward and people always think i'm weird :p ... then post post post :D post everywhere ! i can't belive you are an enfp too ! you write like someone who isn't crazy haha :p ( im sorry if i use too many smilies ) i'm new as well :) '