' i think for a enfj ... moving on is almost impossible when they find this person very special . even after year , still hold hope that one day they can be together . - personal experience with this . inuyasha , i lived for that show when i was in middle school . fifty shades darker , i've had to wait because of school maybe i will finish over christmas break hopefully . romantically i mean . honest . fun . caring . spontaneous . trustworthy . loyal . open . proud . sympathetic and most of all , only loves me . he probably loves someone else . you can't give him the power weather your going to be happy . enfps are easy to love . move on . really . no matter how long you wait he does love you ... i hate to say ... i think you did a decent job fixing up your mess up they shatter into a million pieces i found it to be the opposite with enfp , he does not do good with conflict , when i like to get out all the negative energy he will hide or distract me in anyway possible or even ... get mad if ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FuUxXkKrPQ0 people become boring when i feel they have lost how to be themselves - sorry but you say your boring - you probably are and i am not trying to be mean . i'm not gonna give you a speech on how amazing ... being good with building things is probably a strong s trait .. i do not believe he is a j because of his constant flakiness say no in nicest way you can possibly imagine .. that's a start . if it was me turning 21 i would get very drunk and go to a strip club and see what its like :) 18 years old i've had abortion . was i scared ? hell yes do i regret it ? everyday either way everyone should be allowed to make a choice intimacy is really important to me , it takes me a long time to be vulnerable with my lover , i value it in a very personal way . i've seen one try to drink their life away what do you see in enfps ? that they be a good close friend or lover what do you do to get and hold the attention of an enfp ? i hang out with them what signals should we enfps look for ? idk ... its a chemical imbalance lol , no not really i see the things that hold people back , by who they are . i see it , if they have the courage to be it . i like this thread lol 1 . burnt pizza / toast / bagal 2 . hateful people 3 . two faced people 4 . jealousy 5 . cheaters 6 . attention seekers 7 . abuse 8 . things that cost more then they should there both fun at the end of conversation tho you will understand very really had a valid point they just chose different things & mix . it up & enfj has a point , it can be quiet emotional if they ... very much so , my values mean the world to me , but they don't hold me back from being uptight , i'm always forgiving & understanding that could be my biggest down fall cause not a lot of people are as ... hell no , , , i'm still in my first relationship , over a year now idk what to tell you . when i'm with my mom its : go someone else : the light is green :) they will give you all the attention in the world blahhh yeah , i went thru the same thing ^ ^ honestly there is no magic cure darlin ' just hold your breath & hope you don't drowned . don't drop out & take alternative classes ... enfps are very vocal , a common trait is that they take external influences put it in their head and make their own ideas out of it and bring it into a middle of a conversation just to make a point ... i never really lost it ... it only just becomes a black colored glass . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s3Id44h1Xdo what ifs is always fun to play out in my head , its not on purpose if someone takes my attention they don't know but there my target ^ ^ only in my head of course , they have no idea - - - ... no no no no & no infps are common targets for being judged in society because well were weird & don't fit society way of saying or doing things . it's a curse and blessing i think . everyone talks behind other people's ... stop doing it . period . when i know i shouldn't be thinking about something and i know it will take me to a dark place , i immediately think of something else , repeating a word , going off to a ... love is a great feeling , without it , it can make you feel hopeless but your life should not be revolved around someone else , you will find more peace finding yourself . i couldn't handle that at all . that sucks .. i live in a town where i dont know anyone .. glad we amuse you . it's okay ... i'm very lonely today too .. can't help you here .. been in the love with the same person for a year even from the beginning imagine leaving him tore my heart . i don't know shit about being able to leave that kinda situation . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KpwIKvf6Fy4 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_CFTVVdrbOI both , either depends how i feel i don't like to fight ... but i handle myself fine . i don't really understand when they say that infp will avoid at all cost because if their is conflict i like to talk it out and have a mutual ... benjamin ---> my dear dear boyfriend . the only one that can have me really reacting to fights . i had good friend in middle school i hit my second year in high school i created a really high anxiety about people , and dropped out my 3ed and finished my 4th in alternative . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GGGVNq2sJ_k i love you stop pacing your worrying about nothing you did what before i met you ? im mad at you stop making me laugh '