' there are probably too many songs that define my life , so here's one that i find very meaningful at the moment : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AmkMEoVb6rA not finished , yet . i like it , though ! i have no idea whether the link works or not :( gif animation viewer - gifmaker.me wow ! i didn't know that there are so many asexual enfps here ! glad to know about that :) i'm asexual and biromantic . being a special snowflake is totally overrated :[ so , no - i don't have the special-snowflake-syndrome because i've always been a special cornflake ;) well , i love making useless lists ... so here we go ! ( in no particaular order ): - the blood and cornetto trilogy ( hot fuzz , shaun of the dead , the world's end ) - the matrix trilogy - fight club - ... this is a squirrel with mint green fur , who is verrry hungry : 352058 good question ! i'd say 3-4 . a couple of years ago , i would have voted for 6 , though . oops double post ... o . o sorry ! how about gogol bordello , of montreal or die antwoord ? they are pretty weird :D ( and great ) ! if you're interested in anything apart from rock music , hip hop , pop etc . ( that's what most people i know ... how about gogol bordello , of montreal or die antwoord ? they are pretty weird :D ( and great ) ! if you're interested in anything apart from rock music , hip hop , pop etc . ( that's what most people i know ... flight of the conchords ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X5hrUGFhsXo type 1 - type 2 destiny lund : 2w1 - 7w8 - 9w8 sx / so eliza . peace to you . : 2w1 - 9w1 - 7w6 i dream of a supernova : 2w1 so / sx musicalmeggie : 2w1 - 5w4 - 9w1 ahhh where are the other pics ? ! o_o gotta post them again :( 275322 2753 30 i'm a huge doctor who fanatic , as you can probably see ;) ok ... here are some of the pictures i've drawn ( digitally ) . i'm not a professional , but i'd like to think that i am making progress :) 275314 interesting thread ... i haven't read all of the posts above , but would still like to add my two cents :) first of all , i don't think that it's true that introverts have more depth to them than ... there are too many bands i love that i don't even bother to count or name them . but i absolutely love radiohead and this is extremely important because i love most genres but nevertheless , i've got ... 10/10 ! doctor who is really my favourite show . i've watched every episode of series 1-8 of the rebooted version and i abolutely adore it because i can relate so well to the chracters . oh , and peter ... there aren't any genres that i really can't stand - maybe gospel and chart pop , but other than that , i listen to mostly anything . i am especially into rock music ( heavy metal , hard rock , progressive ... onions . there isn't anybody i know who would cry because of uninvited guests . maybe you would feel angry and / or start to panic ... but feeling sad and beginning to cry ? i don't know ... ohh , and it ... i don't know my actual iq , but i've scored below average once . i think 75 or something . but i feel like a genius anyway :] according to the test , i'm in the borderline deficiency range . somehow ... it pretty much depends on the genre in my opinion . when i'm watching silly comedy movies with friends , we are usually talking the whole time and trying to imitate the actors :) it's a different thing ... enfp , agnostic atheist . mine are ... doctor who bbc sherlock south park the mentalist the x-files supernatural ancient aliens reaper extraordinary people ( it's a show about people with rare diseases or unusual ... isfp - although i only know one of them personally , i see them as really friendly , peace-loving and creative people in general . my friend is able to understand my weird jokes and acts goofy ... type 1 all in twilight 1w9 sx / so tri-type 147 type 2 justmeandmyguitar : 2w1 , 7w6 , 1w9 musicalmeggie : 2w1 5w4 9w1 zomgitsemma : 2w1 so / sx personal ~ * name - nicknames : chipmunk * male / female / trans ? - female * location - where were you originally born ? where do you live today ? any interesting story behind that ? intj mum : isfj dad : istp brother : entj sister : infj me : enfp , or possibly an intj ( according to some tests - proof that they are anything but reliable ;D ) sorry for the spelling / grammar errors . english isn't my native tongue < . < wow , this thread is old : o but i will contribute anyway . i understand your problems really well ! i am an enfp myself ( youngest in the family ) , my family regard me as the silly one and my dad ... enfp my favourite bands / artists : radiohead , beck , of montreal , at the drive-in , the mars volta , emerson , lake & palmer , daft punk , the smiths , infected mushroom , jimi hendrix experience , the jam , ... 1 ) what is your mbti type ? enfp 2 ) what is your gender ? female 3 ) what type ( s ) do you admire / respect the most ? ( why ? ) - infps / isfps because of their very unique dressing style ... '