' entp very extp nesi and feti isfj / intp intj not esfp . isfp type 9 ( not sure what wing ) , can't tell the head fix , and not sure about heart fix , maybe 4w3 . it wasn't that bad before we were born . i guess when we die we just revert to that state . i see definite estj , and no other possibility . i've analyzed your traits and put them through a few scenarios in my mind , and worked out some stuff . you give off a lot of te-si , with tertiary ne ... estp . my vibe . uh ... thanks ? whew anyways enfj 9w1s are really rare though . i still think you're one . mbti is basically how you take in and how you output information . there's literally nothing more about it ... * * in advance , i apologise for the slightly criticising post . uh ... this is my honest opinion but i think you're an enfj that likes the infj type and is relating to it ( and i think you're only ... yes . i'd have to know the person in real life first , but after a small period of knowing someone ( of course , for a purpose . i could never see myself just analyzing someone random , but when i want ... i seriously messed up my router here . sorry for the lack of response . anyways , to doctor doom assuming you are an intj , how do you express your type - 4ness , your emotional side ? i'll analyze your ... another question-does he worry about being liked in his group / society ? edit : because that somewhat sounds like a 3 - trait thanks for the comprehensive input . i'll try to analyze this topic more later on . that was extremely helpful : 3 to the point ; how would an intj type 3 be like ? more specifically , how would the pull between introversion and extroversion ( and 3 - ness ) come off in an intj type 3 ? there hasn't been much ... your results closed-mindedopen to new experiences disorganizedconscientious introvertedextraverted disagreeableagreeable calm / relaxednervous / high-strung edit : i don't know how ... now that i think about it , istp seems very possible . i'll mull over it later . a description of my se and fe would be that they are rather unconscious . i click at times and then i suddenly ... last one type 1 orderliness | 18 % type 2helpfulness | | 10 % type 3image focus | | 54 % type 4individualism 50 % type 5intellectualism 78 % ... r-drive personality test narcissism 55 % 60 % unconventionality 88 % 64 % empiricism 33 % 61 % vitality 83 % 59 % othercentricism 0 % 58 % independence 100 % 54 % integrity 0 % 53 % intellect 72 % 70 % ... global personality test results stability | 40 % orderliness 23 % extraversion 50 % brain lateralization test results right brain | | 56 % left ... te ( extroverted thinking ) ( 20 % ) your valuation of / adherence to logic of external systems / hierarchies / methods ti ( introverted thinking ) (8 0 % ) your valuation of / adherence to your own ... what type of input ? i don't know what is considered imoortant input to you at this point in time yet , so i can't really give any specific details from a perspective i guess this is input as well ? so i guess that's a mistype ? edit : i meant that i need more input from others hi there , ( * p . s . story is in a school ) recently , after re-entering the social realm , i've been so much more open with myself recently , and i think i've been mistyped . i've thought that i was an ... i think adolf hitler is an infj lol thanks for the input : 3 also , are some of you guys cuddly on the inside ? i agree . fe manipulation is sickening to the core . over-fe ( into fakeness ) is also sickening . i believe friendliness shouldn't be taken to such extremes ... edit : politeness and genuine smiles ... i'm not an intj , but i'm wondering if intjs face this problem as well . most of the time when something happens ; an unexpected scenario-say someone gets upset i instantly have a plan laid out and ... type change ? i don't think so . probably low confidence as a kid for you / or lack of ability to express self . the common enneagram types for infjs type 4 ( most common ) type 1 , 2 , 5 , 6 , 9 are the other common enneagram types , not in any order whatsoever , though i think 2s and 5s are more common of the ... i ... don't have any clue how to help . maybe that's enough of a reason for this post to be a mistake but i think i could offer some emotional support ... try your best , and do what you think has the ... core motivations are * why * you do things , on the most basic level of your psyche ; what motivates you on the basic level . core motivations define your behavior , but the way behavior is expressed ... my ni-ti loop was rather different ; it was more of simply being disconnected from fe . i obsessively ignored any form of subjective data and used ni only to aid the analysis ( though i would end up ... i also advise looking at your enneagram type , but chances are it'll be rather warped when you're depressed . look at core motivations instead of behavior , as a guideline : 3 sorry i couldn't reply ... no , your type hasn't changed . though i hope your depression improves .. i suggest keeping yourself busy to stave off the depression . * ahem * tests aren't exactly accurate ( in some cases , vastly ... i think fi could be rather abstract too , from a certain point of view ... 484474 good luck * enfjs are ( mostly ) naturally friendly with many people , so this could cause some confusion . try not to overanalyze the stuff they do * * also , this post is assuming that you have the information ... enxp + inxj = magic enxps ( moreso enfps ) just , can ( can , not * will * ) literally just bring inxjs out of our shells . it's actually amazing ... ( this is assuming both are not unhealthy ) edit : ... luemb that's pretty interesting , never really thought all mbti types can be all enneagram types in actuality even though pretty much everyone preaches that , it might be more plausible than i ... wooow ... now i'm really curious about how intjs of all enneagram types would be like ... it's like over here i can't keep up prolonged interaction with anyone without feeling drained except for you ... what would an intj 3w4 sx-sp be like ? i have a friend that i think to be one .. when hey , he did this , she did that ! ! bores you to bits do you guys get more active during , like , debates that interest you ? just curious not an intj , but i thought this would relate both ways . when talking to sensors that shut me out for saying weird and dumb things that they couldn't bother to understand , or when listening to ... i think fi-doms and fi-auxs can be the most psychotic and / or dislikeable . at the same time , some of them are the most amazing people , with the strangest yet intriguing thoughts , and strong-willed ... no . not an intj , but dating one ( female , sometimes gets cuddly too ) , and have another intj friend ( male , loves debating and discussing different topics but never gets personal unless the other party is ... i find typing people with these functions the easiest ( not in order ) enfp infp istj estj isfj esfj entp estp esfp it might be late , but one of the things you could try to identify with is whether you're an intuitive or a sensor ; whether you like talking with others about specific ideas / theories / abstract ... it's a bit hard , because i find she's rather narrow-minded and not very healthy . between the time i posted and the current situation , she's already changed her set of friends . i kind of saw this ... '