' 363114 have you talked to your husband about your need for alone time ? thread theme ! rainy mood - rain makes everything better . + https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mNdM7TlZs44 an intj will never give her partner an excuse to be vulnerable , which is what i think alot of men secretly long for . usually the woman in a relationship will be the one showing vulnerability which ... 315538 sorry , couldn't resist . sorry , your imagery is beautiful and i sentence you to feel good about yourself , have hope for the future and view the world as a nice place to inhabit for a period of time no less than 10 minutes . intjs really put the ni in nihilism anyone else love watching craftsmanship ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dbCpDsxUHVc check out god is an astronaut and boards of canada if you haven't already https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ad4T-j_bOVc yeah , i posted prematurely and am now in agreement with op . gotta read stuff more carefully . love mr.freeze btw , he's such a bad motherfucker . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pjmEeJiBlhw i always thought of mr.freeze as a classic intj villan . much like an elephant the betrayed , wounded intj does not forgive or forget . unable to heal his fi he become perpetually stuck in a ni-fi loop ... because infjs don't reproduce , obviously . 1 ) i'd like to know how much you're identifying with fi and / or ti function ? fi all the way , ti is like a mystery that i'd really like to understand more of . i think of ti as lawyer logic . 2 ) ... i vividly remember a dream a had as a child . i was at a friends house playing nintendo . i glanced to the side only to see a huge gaping hole in the floor filled with yellow sewage , ( which was ... an intp is fine too . i know what you mean . i find it fascinating that even as children we can feel sentimental and nostalgic over something we haven't lost yet , our childhood . si / fi's a bitch . found this the other day , it's a russian version of alice in wonderland . really dig the art style . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k3n2GPvKdxU : crying : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ljWvGTA1iE hmm , can you give a specific example of such a fight and what was said ? speaking in general , infps hate arguments of any kind and will do just about anything to avoid them , to their own detriment . the thing with infps is , while a socipath will only hurt you if you are in their way or if they think there is something to be gained by hurting you , a scorned infp will hurt you because it is the ... i used to love weed , now it just makes me paranoid . have some reggae : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WrYD9pI8qBc had the dog been in an accident wich left if very physically scarred ? that would make sense to me . it's amazing . no matter how many times they play this song each christmas i never get tired of it . have some more pogues ! edit : sorry that's shane macgowan and the popes but ehh , close enought .  ... well it was fun while it lasted . you've just single handedly undermined years of hard work and blown our cover as naive , innocent bookworms . hope you're proud of yourself . intjs are human beings too . you will inadvertently hurt your infp and that's normal . you should not be constantly censoring yourself , especially around you so , it's not a long term viable plan . if ... these movies don't feature infp main characters but they're absolutely guaranteed to make you cry your eyes out . watership down plague dogs it's such a beautiful day ( really difficult movie to ... thank you ! kind infj you're a credit to your people . :P no really , i love you guys . edit : sorry , i realized my thinking was incorrect . i'll get back to you . no no , what i meant was . are intj women the equivalent of what women claim to want in a man except for men . my observation is that what men claim to want in a woman is for her to be logical , ... then you must become djingis khan ! hi intjs ! i've been thinking about the phenomena known as nice guys . a nice guy is a man who is very emotional , respectful , sensitive and caring ( it can also refer to a man who is very insecure ... thank you for putting this into words my isfp cousin ! this describes my interactions with infjs to a t so it must be a fi / te - fe / ti thing rather than a ni / se - ne / si thing . hold on a sec ! how can they be both psychopathic and masochistic at the same time ? isn't part of psychopathy not being able to experience human emotions ? explain yourself ms ! i can't believe the legacy of kain games haven't been mentioned yet . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YulwXPicfPg 71 % is that good ? don't knock it ' til you've tried it bro . i'd like to hear more about this , could you give me an example ? neat ! pragmatic is the word i would use to describe fe . fe users seem to acknowledge and share only feelings that are directly useful to the social situation at hand . wtf are you talking about son ? people want to be intjs because they have this idealized image of them as untouchable loners , ( myself included ) . this image is insanely attractive to people who feel misunderstood , hurt or ... 5669156692 56693 lock-picks and a master of unlocking . ok let me break it down for you ! ( i've had this in my head for a while now , sorry ) correct - awesome , this intj has a correctly configured face . 56126 correct - again , awesome ! even though ... oh dear god ! please tell me you at least do that evil smirk thing and not that full on uncanny valley black hole death smile . you are a good looking bunch , unless you're the smiley kind . smiley intjs scare the fuck outta me . intjs all day errry day ! being a sensitive intj , have you noticed any significant differences between you and other intjs here on the forum ? in response to your question op , some people find listening to music , doing ... i think dingo and scroticius gave you some good answers op but here are my two cents . in order to express yourself emotionally you first have to be aware of what you're actually feeling . some ... just popping in to say your fi-s are beautiful . keep on being awesome intjs . '