' i would say that i'm organised in that i keep a paper diary and to-do list , i always know what's happening and when and i'm almost always prepared for it . when i go to a music festival , i have a ... i'm not a qualified teacher yet , i'm planning on training in early years ( 3-7 ) , but i have worked in childcare and done a lot of volunteer teaching and tutoring . i love it , and i've been told that ... pink then yellow then sky blue . i know , that comment was pretty tongue in cheek :P i can def see the argument for fe over fi , my main query was why she'd be considered an extrovert overall . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yFAnn2j4iB0 infps might be the most romantic type , but if i assumed that everyone who gave me a book or some chocolate had romantic feelings for me , i'd get myself into a lot of trouble . give her a nice , ... i excelled in school , i got as in everything . arts and humanities subjects came very naturally and while maths and science were more of a struggle , i succeeded in the end . i went on to study at ... if university proved anything to me , it is that i am completely incapable of looking after myself properly if i live alone . what makes you think belle is an extrovert ? she rarely talks to anyone outside of her immediate circle , the speculation of the villagers makes it clear she's not engaged with the citizens of the ... mother : estj father ( mine ): estp father ( sister's ): enfp child 1 ( me ): infp child 2 ( sister ): infj the majority of our extended family are extroverts , which my sister and i find very , very ... intp - i love you guys , there is something very endearing about intps . i always seem to relate to them pretty well and they're generally very interesting people . entp - i tried to convince myself i ... i looove texting and talking online . all of the human interaction i crave without actually having to be near people ! i find it's a lot easier to express my emotions with that extra distance involved . i can read you like a book ! you're right ! we would make much more of a profit if we removed these safety features ... how is your house always so clean ? music ! also , i know it makes my boyfriend happy . hi quang this is fascinating ! here's some of my lecture notes and a signature - didn't want to use my real last name as it's pretty rare , but i've used the same initials so it should be ... doll sx 4w5 ? the hair , the eyes , the dreamy expression all seem very 4ish to me . 4610744610 8246109 0 i seem to always either adore enfps , or they annoy the ever loving shit out of me . there is no inbetween . i wanted to travel the world in a horse-drawn caravan solving mysteries . didn't work out , funnily enough . my current plans are either teaching or psychology . so i stole this idea from the enneagram forum - what is your best friend's type , and why do you like them ? my best friend is an enfj and we've been best friends since we were 6 . she's always looked ... from what i've heard ( it's hard to judge what other people find attractive about you ! ) it's true - mine was infp , your depth . infp , no surprise :) very clear introversion : 21/21 moderate intuition : 19/26 slight feeling : 14/24 slight perceiving : 12/22 i first tested as infp when i was a teenager . in my later teens , i felt like infps were a bit wimpy ( and seemingly ten a penny online ! ) and managed to convince myself that i might be an entp . the ... this is a video i did for a tumblr tag . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kEv0FyCYZtI i think you're right about the fairness part - infps are big on justice and mistreating an innocent animal is very unjust . 1 . not listening and forgetting stuff . this was the big one , because as a kid i was always daydreaming or playing imaginary games so i literally had no clue what was going on around me like 99 % of ... volunteering is definitely a good shout , especially if it's not something too fast paced / urgent ( i used to volunteer in a soup kitchen which was organised by lots of bossy exxjs , but other things ... i insert a me character ( who isn't necessarily anything like me ) into my favourite books , movies and tv shows and mentally weave in their storyline as i'm reading / watching . i really love trying ... yes , but i suffer from severe clinical depression so don't take me as the norm . in terms of occupational therapy , you can specialise in mental health ? i suffer from depression and anxiety , and i have an occupational therapist who helps me . she helps me work out strategies for ... yeah , i don't get called adorable either , unless people have only seen my picture but never actually met me . most cute people i know are very bubbly and effusive , and i've been told a few times ... i assume they're as forgetful as i am , and have picked up their phone , looked at it , gone i'll reply to this in a minute ! and then completely forgotten about it . yesss , i had a ludicrously extended will we / won't we thing with an intj . as much as we cared for each other , i think we would have ultimately been very ill-suited though . i need too much reassurance ... i'm a big rock and metal fan . i guess it makes me feel big and brash and powerful , which isn't something i tend to feel day to day . a lot of it is probably just environmental though - my stepfather ... it might helpful if you could outline why you've rejected some of these careers ? for example , i would've thought that occupational therapy would have fit your requirements quite well , but that's been ... feeling completely free , and totally content with yourself and the world . when you're sitting in a field watching the sunset and listenin to music and you just think fuck , the world is awesome . i generally don't wear makeup , cos i'm lazy , but sometimes i feel like it , and i enjoy the process of putting it all on properly for a night out . i have guy friends who say this , tbh they're ... i remember reading about satisficers vs . maximisers when it comes to shopping . a satisficer will have a list of requirements and as soon as they've found something that fits the list , they're done ... i can hold a pretty powerful grudge , tbh . i'm not saying it never has anything to do with self-image or that the media doesn't have a role in damaging girls ' self-esteem , i'm saying that it's insensitive and simplistic to reduce a complex ... - i can find a buffy quote for almost every situation - i'm good at giving people shit when they need it - i can drink most people under the table and i'm also an excellent drunk anorexia is a mental illness . i have no idea what you'd consider dabbling with anorexia , but just because your own food issues arose out of narcissism doesn't mean that this applies to everybody ... i like quite manly men - broad shoulders , big hands , nice forearms , strong jaw . stubble doesn't hurt either . nope . there are definitely people with whom i feel an extraordinary connection , and would go so far as to entertain the idea that there's an element of fate about it , but the idea that there's ... sure . 1 . reserved ( just ? couldn't really decide on this one ) 2 . contemplative 3 . sociable 4 . idealistic , philanthropic , theoretical , realistic 5 . nurturing , curious , creative , pragmatic 6 ... i guess i'm quite a sociable introvert . i like clubbing and parties ( assuming i know people there , walking into a room of new people is a nightmare for me ) and i'm usually the one knocking on my ... i actually enjoy reading a few blogs and articles by sex workers and although there are definitely cases where the john is misogynistic or treats the woman with contempt , a lot seem to be genuinely ... yes , absolutely ! the very first time was a lady who came to one of my parents ' parties when i was about nine or ten and sat in the corner talking to me about books all evening . it was genuinely the ... ingenious plan . i probably should have added a disclaimer saying it's from a costume party and not a furry convention or something : tongue : thank you :) i'm new so i thought i'd introduce myself by posting pictures of my face : tongue : 9440394404 94405 '