' i think i found a fix - i can pretty much schedule my breaks and lunch at my convenience - and her assistant was off today so when the manager needed help ( she always comes to me when she needs ... today at work i innocently called for a supervisor over the radio ( i work in a warehouse - its the most common usage to get in contact when needed ) anyway i had called like i always do - and i ... as much as i love my parents - i have sadly come to this conclusion as well and see it as the only viable solution . thanks for your help no been living on my own for 4 years 29 ( almost 30 ) male , i live on my own have been for 4 years . a few days ago my car wouldn't start - i put the key in the ignition and it wouldn't turn over , it just clicked i thought great ... the ... excuse the title - perhaps some background is needed . i went to a funeral yesterday ( 3rd in my lifetime - i'm 29 ) ... my uncle's , after it was said and done - my mother stated she isn't a ... she's married , although one that gave me the cold shoulder is talking to me again - so see where that leads me again :-/ yes i am drunk - but hey my true personality comes out . i am 28 years old almost 29 in a few weeks and a straight male even drunk i can't ask women out - saw a woman at the gas station i ... well ... if anything i will be ' bar tender ' at his wedding next year ... doubt it tho hahahaaa lol when we last spoke to get the ball rolling - he said he had to work it over with his girlfriend ' and should of been free on sunday ' and would have let me known if he was - to see if they were free ... i am almost 29 ( will be in october and a straight male ) i understand when the weather is warm and humid , people tend to wear less clothing - and i get that - you wear shorts , tshirts ... instead of ... yes and no , i hate when i experience warm , happy , good feelings - on the other hand when i challenge myself and figure something out all on my own ( for example i wrote my own search engine to ... bed time ! ! ! will check post after i come home from work tomorrow - not abandoning the post - please keep the posts coming ! ! ! its what comes natural to me , my realm of conversation is technical - i was having a conversation with a girl ( years ago we are no longer freinds matter of fact we are mortal enemies no ' fixing ' that ... # 1 i never ' fake ' who i am - why lie - i guess i should reword it to i hate flirting to manipulate into liking me # 2 haaa ... wish i knew where to find them # 3 my friends relationships suck ! ! - one ... by sucking i mean : i got my tv tuner to work by activating the option in the linux kernel ... blah blah blah her : oh ... thats nice me : 28 years old and male i understand the point of male and female relationships logically male + female = children , creates family blood line , etc ... , i see it all the time in tv shows , the ... thank you all for your posts - today was supposed to be the day to patch things over ... the ball was in his court to get back to me since monday - he never got back to me so i guess it's a lost ... not really ... i know hes an introvert but as for the other 3 parts i wouldn't even know where to begin - i only found out i was an istj through a myers briggs test i took . i admit i haven't been the best brother when i was younger , i remember my parents saying the first time i met my brother i asked take baby back , i laughed at him when he was in pain , and i also ... not this post in particular , but many in the past as i have read through them at future dates other members have stated i stop reading posts halfway through ; which i do - simply because others have ... at times yes , but i do make an effort ( not everybody is a fan of linux , or the tv show modern family so there are barriers ) i am not in shape per se i however can get up the stairs without gasping for air ( i am okay with a few pounds just not the ' my 600 pound life ' mascot of women ) as for asking them out , i try to ... thin and in shape ! ! no priorities but one perk is redhair ( bustiness is not a requirement ) just my age range ( or they seem to be ) - its hard to find some that don't have children ( i refuse to help raise another mans seed ) other than that if they are attractive i will put in effort ( if ... i have actually ( as stated before our discussion in this post ) i try to find common interest , i meet them in places that are not pickup locations , change my look , i have tried everything in here ... i have tried 5 women a week since this post ( i have a tallymark system on my dry erase board ) just counted i am at 23 no's so far . ( i took some time off ) on the off chance of being a creep once they say no ... i stop asking ( don't want the police involved lol ) no ... the advice is somewhat good ... then i check back and people have hijacked my thread then i lose interest , it has nothing to do with people don't give me the answers i don't want to hear i try ... for those of you who state : he loses interest or he never reads the posts i do until the posts no longer relate to my original question - eventually it becomes everybody's life story ! ! ! - i ... for those of you who state : he loses interest or he never reads the posts i do until the posts no longer relate to my original question - eventually it becomes everybody's life story ! ! ! - i ... for those of you who state : he loses interest or he never reads the posts i do until the posts no longer relate to my original question - eventually it becomes everybody's life story ! ! ! - i ... for those of you who state : he loses interest or he never reads the posts i do until the posts no longer relate to my original question - eventually it becomes everybody's life story ! ! ! - i ... for those of you who state : he loses interest or he never reads the posts i do until the posts no longer relate to my original question - eventually it becomes everybody's live story ! ! ! - i ... just a general question : how important is a clean living environment to you ? ( home , apartment , condo ... etc ? ) i admit my apartment is not the cleanest - there is the occasional : paper that falls ... well thanks for responding , no help at all ... but thanks i always thought once i moved out of my parents house , had my own job , was able to support myself ( which i am doing - i live in an apartment ) - i would be able to become ' confident ' and attract a ... i am 28 years old , male . i can literally go to a doctor and have every test run under the damn sun - be told i am fine , only for the comfort to last for a week - then a month later i think i am ... i don't know i'm doing everything i can think of - i've been told women don't look as much into physical looks as men do , but i would assume they do want someone that takes care of themselves ( and i ... so much for advice , it seems all posts are attacking my character as opposed to saying you should try this ... i refuse to keep my mouth shut , and keep my head down when being ridiculed - as for being a feminine male ; i would say i am not the masculine yo man i can life 1000 lbs of weights yo ! ! ! - look ... i'm not sure i mena organically - but my relations do not overlap very well with women - i like linux , most women find no need for computers except to call i . t . - hence me , but yes i do not find ... thank you for your politeness - while i have pondered the whole mail order bride i doubt my yearly salary could afford it , but i am trying to change my look physically by losing weight - i do keep ... i am 28 years old and i have never had a girlfriend - i am an average looking guy . i have confidence ; but i refuse to be the musclehead jockhead that thinks he is never going to die , and is just ... thanks for the lovely image of a dying liver - sadly i had the same picture for a dying lung in my wallet to remind msyelf of what would happen to me and i still smoked - it took me a couple times ... i gave up smoking - and as of 4/22 / 16 it will have been 9 months - now don't get me wrong i would absolutely love to walk on broken glass with my tongue for one good drag of a cigarette that did me ... so your advice is not be myself - and act against everything i stand for : act like tony dinazo from ncis and be a douchebag to get women ? aka ( be straight forward and say want to bang ? lol ... or ... i wish there were more women in this world like you ! am i really this naive ? or is the entire experience of human kind - just here to breed ? i find the whole ' flirting ' experience stupid ( which i know is the normal experience of getting things ... i do not know any individuals with that personally type but if what i am reading on the internet is true mostly outgoing and spontaneous i would only be able to take them in small doses , i try not ... '