' i'm estp and i got ravenclaw and wampus . the two houses seem so different but i think they both fit me . asura how does repressed ni present itself in your daily life ? i don't mean such as falling into a grip and allowing it to take over i mean more of does it have a small impact on your regular day ? ... just try to be friendly when you talk to others . make sure you are genuine though . ask them questions . people love to talk about themselves . maybe others are used to you being silent and ... how about scan my surroundings to make sure that i'm not going to be the next dead body . then check for pulse , poke with stick , call the cops , and still scan my surroundings to make sure that i ... at least for myself , i get bored quite easily . if the conversation is boring , i will be looking around the room for something interesting . people say that i'm easily distracted but from my point of ... scenario 1 - you are home alone , it's dinner time , and you must decide how to feed yourself . what's your thought process and what is the most likely thing you end up doing ? hmmm ... i'm hungry . ... i don't really relate to any of them . the closest would be deredere but it doesn't really fit . not sure what it all means , but for me it had everything open except sacral and heart , which were under-active . root :op en ( 56 % ) sacral : under-active ( - 12 % ) navel :op en ( 38 % ) ... i feel like i see my life as a merge of the two views . one the one hand , i would not be who i am now without my past . some areas of my life would need to be viewed in the whole to make sense , like ... i think the negative stereotypes of the esxps when they first encounter mbti just pushes them away from it . i'm supposed to be some jock who is great at sports as an estp . i'm supposed to have a ... thanks for your help . i figured out i'm a 7w6 . looking at the motivations of the types rather than the descriptions helps a lot . yes ! thank you for not picking a monkey . i'm not sure exactly why , but i've never liked them . i think parrots are the perfect choice . this seems like fun . here's mine . type dox 92s donx 92ts since the i is non-negotiable , i would probably say isfj . i think i get along quite well with the ones i know irl . istp would probably be good as well . i have yet to figure mine out . i can see a bit of me in all of them and none of them have clicked . it took a while before i could figure out my mbti type too . so i think i'll get it eventually . ... xthecaramelqueenx - - thanks , although it is easy to be principled in hypothetical situations . sometimes we can surprise ourselves in reality . shoulder to wrist ! that's a big one . mine's little and ... i totally agree with sensational's post . i think she hit the nail on the head . i too am super open in general conversation , unless i am getting bad vibes i will probably tell you everything that is ... this seems like fun . here are my responses . you're standing in line at your local supermarket , and some teen cuts in front of you . what would you think inwardly ? do outwardly ? i would think ... 1 ) how old are you ? 24 2 ) where do you live ? midwest 3 ) what do you do ? grad student studying math . undergrad was in biology . 4 ) what do you and your friends do together ? do you like traveling ? why or why not ? if so , how much / how important is it to you ( is it something you enjoy or something you make a point of getting as much as you can in ) ? i do love to travel . ... i got istp . i am prone to mistype as istp though . while i do love sharks , i definitely relate more to their fox description . i'm not sure . independence and honesty are too really good ones . i don't know of one word to describe it but i really like ambition and contentment at the same time . like you have goals but you ... mbti type - estp gender - male how much are you into gaming - i would say 75/100 . they are one of my favorite hobbies . how frequently do you game ? - maybe every other day . more often if i get a new ... i was homeschooled k - 12 and never had trouble in any classes except for spelling . one benefit from this is that i was not allowed to go do fun stuff until i had finished my schoolwork . it helped ... i very much need some outside stimulation as well . the lack thereof usually just makes me bored and sleepy . after a while it will build up to a stir-crazy feeling . if it even continues after that , ... i would say i get empathy pangs too . however , they don't physically hurt me . it's more like a bad feeling in my gut . the main issue that causes them for me is not so much unjust suffering . ( though ... venting can be quite helpful eh ? i do not work well with people that i think are totally incompetent . if you know how to do your job and are not a big box of complaining , then i will enjoy ... i had mistyped as an istp before . some of the reasons why were : i am usually the talk in the corner type at most parties i've been to . i was / am a lego building , video game playing , science ... the very first one i took was probably over ten years ago by now . however , i tested not according to my personality but what i thought would have been the best thing to do . so i got istj . it was ... i myself was homeschooled for k - 12 . i really enjoyed that as it was much easier for me to get a focus on courses i liked . also , it made me get stuff done . i wanted to go play outside , then i ... the traits i admire in others usually aren't correlated to extroversion or introversion . in one way , i think it would be nice to be able to get recharge from a solitary walk . i hate doing stuff ... i have a really bad sweet tooth , particularly baked sweets like cookies and pastries . i don't usually think about snacking on them . however , if they are available , then i will always have them in ... for myself , i usually bring some fantasy / adventure book or a portable game via nintendo ds . i usually alternate between that and trying to sleep . it's quite boring but i don't fly often enough for ... ^ this is me as well . like i know i'm no good at basketball so i don't really care if i win or lose . however , i get really annoyed if someone is going totally all out on me on something i'm just ... if i am interested in someone but then through conversations i get the thought that we would not make a good match i . e . ( they dislike kids , i love kids ) , ( they can't take a joke and are totally ... that first video was long ! didn't watch all of it , but i didn't get any vibes going against estp . it just seemed like a typical kinda conversation to me , nothing really sticks out other than the ... after sleeping on it , i think i'm an estp . it just clicks more . thank you everyone for your help . funny as i'm the opposite of my infj older brother then . newbie const , it said creative ... i would say that the stressed estp is more like me . i get more withdrawn and i do get gloomy about the future . but both have the gloominess . i think i'm leaning more toward estp for my ... from those resources . more people would say that i am cautious than reckless . so that's a point toward istp . and for estp , i do feel like i abandon projects a bit too quickly . that's why i don't ... oh , this is a toughy . i can easily see myself in both . if it makes sense , aux ti sounds more like me than dom ti , and aux se sounds more like me than dom se . i don't know if that helps at all . ... so here's what i got . dominant ti ( ixtp ): yes . totally me - ( most explanations are too long-winded and technical , and could easily be simplified . let me hear the idea or new data ; ix92m going to ... if i feel that they are irritated , i would probably poke them first to try to get them to lighten up or change the subject . if that doesn't work , then i would probably straight up ask them what's ... hey all ! if you could help me determine my type , i'd really appreciate it . :) i answered one of the questionnaires at the top . i took longer than i expected . :P let me know if you have any ... '