' no , i wouldn't say i ´ m stubborn at all . i can listen to another person's arguments and reasons and totally understand what they mean and where they are coming from . if what they are saying makes ... mm , yeah . what you have explained is the classic symptoms of co-dependency . no boundaries , no expectations , martyrdom , hanging around waiting for a change ; it does not matter what your personality ... i have found they are much more crazy ! when i was younger i never really paid people as much attention as i do now . now that i have children , and responsibilities , i look at people differently . i ... meh ... young people . 30 minutes from nyc , 10 minutes from newark nj , but i live in the burbs . wouldn't have it any other way . my husband in an estj and this is him to the letter when it comes to work . he's a quality control manager . he gets to tell people what to do and make sure stuff is right . i swear that job was made ... oh cool ! i was starting to feel like an old hag around these parts . do you think you're the same now as you were in your 20 ' s and teens ? i would say i am a hell of a lot more introspective . i ... and , thanks your advice ! i have another question though . i know i want to be a database administrator , leaning toward oracle . my interest was piqued at an old job when i was ... just curious . i hate it with a passion . it was one of the reasons why i stopped talking to a good friend . she never directed it at me , but she would put her family through hell . she expected others to read minds , ... in my teens i didn't dress up . i my 20 ' s i was full on glam ; make up the whole nine yards . could probably jump double dutch in heels . 28 or 29 - ish i started toning it down , mainly because my focus ... erbse it's been a long time ! i didn't know you were in it ; were you always ? i hear you on the people aspect of things . this is one thing i have learned as ive gotten older . you really have to learn ... so i've decided to go back to school . for a long time , i wanted to be a nurse until i became a patient , and there is no way in hell i could do it . nurse are special , special people . the have some ... married to an estj for 6 years , together for 8 , and we have two children . he's like me turned inside out . we definitely even each other out . my husband is an estj and we get along really well . we are opposite in every way and it works great for us . we are not emotional people so neither one of us feel slighted if the one other isn't ... just give me a passport and some money to get around and i'm good . i don't even think i would need a permanent place to live . he has believed the things his parents have been telling him for a long , long time . if he didn't , he would have been gone on the first thing smoking . i left my house when i was 17 for the very ... yes ! you understand what i'm saying . sleep is for my body , not for my mind . i need to rehash the days events , clear the cache if you well . if i go to bed without unwinding i won't be able to sleep , ... this has happened to you as well i take it . i would answer the door and say , hold on . i would shut the door and get my room mate by saying , your friend is looking for you . do you count sleeping as your re-charging time ? not re-charge as in rest , but re-charge as in collecting yourself . today i had a busy today . my family and i went to a street fair , went to visit ... i pretty much don't like the same things most other people do not like . well , most introverts that is . i don't like to be interrupted when i'm concentrating . i can't take house guests for too long ... yeah right ! they will send them right back . it's good that they limit the sugar since we have such an obesity problem here in the us . i just feel bad for the peanut kid . he's sequestered at lunch ... doh ! i forgot , they're not allowed to have cupcakes . only health snacks like carrots and cheese ... or bring in some yo-yo's for the children if it's your kids birthday . fun ! how i wish i were exaggerating things ; it really is that way . i don't know where you are in the world but here ( nj , usa more specifically ) you're not involved unless you're hovering over your kid ... my daughter started kindergarten this month . i want to be involved in my daughters education , but i can't do it in the extrovertish way . i can't do: classroom mom ( handing out cupcakes and juice ) , ... this is what i keep in my back pocket . i have two kids , a husband and a mortgage to pay . nobody is going to get in the way of me taking care of my family . don't let them drag you into the bullshit ... oh yes ! my element is fire , so that would make me a fire dragon . i was reading some description about fire dragons and it said that the room tingles when one walks into the room ... who the hell writes ... i am a saggitarius on the cusp of capricorn ; neither one match my personality ... at all . now , my chinese zodiac sign is a different thing entirely . i was born in the year of the dragon and it fits me ... i really enjoy comfortable silence ; my husband i have a lot of it . i've been on hiatus so i really don't know what happened ... i hope it all worked out ! anyways , on to the post . i agree 110 % with khys . all of the things that you've described come with maturity . as ... don't say that . it really isn't a bad gig at all . just don't marry an idiot and you'll be good to go . + 1 for the feelers ! lol i know that not every feeler is a bleeding heart and not every thinker has a cold heart so maybe that was a bad example . i think what i have a hard time with is the , well ... i came to the conclusion over the weekend that i'm no good with feelers--friends , lovers , or otherwise . my cousin and i virtually came to blows over the weekend about bad childhoods . she was trying ... me and enfp kid . she was highly pissed off because i wouldn't let her wear this crazy looking pink shirt / dress thing to her grandma's . she was in the middle of harassing me about it when i snapped ... as long as your not being mean to old people or babies in my presence it's all good . oh , and stay outta my garden . i would drink drinks that were on fire , jump out of cabs without paying , bet on horses , leave 20 dollar tips , and make it a goal to drink every last one of my friends under the table-in other words i ... i did dj , i read it at the time you posted it and again last night , but it wasn't sinking in :-/ so i posted this question . say if a person has issues with alcohol and is venting about it i'm all ears . i'm able to offer advice , tell them what i did to stop , etc . if the person is close to me i'll carry with it for a while ... bury me face down so everybody can kiss my ass yup , that's me but the other way around-my brother and i are 13 years apart . i was also raised by my grandparents ... and not the spunky type either ! how old are you ? that says a lot when it comes to relationships ( in most cases anyway ) . i've been married for going on 7 years . how does it feel ? good question because i don't really know ! i ... huh ? why is sentance [ sic ] misspelled ? is this a trick question ? giving kids an ass to kiss is never in a parent's best interest . one day that same parent will be expecting those kids to wipe it . my brother better get his shit together because he's the one that's ... nope i'm not either . i haven't talked to my mother in going on two years and anyone else that i cared for has passed on . the crazy thing is that i come from a pretty big family but i keep to myself ... wow , how is it that no one saw these traits in your brother ? were people ignoring them with the hopes he would change ? i can't see someone going from mr.rogers one day then the unibomber the next . i ... my thing is if you've violated most laws your scruples are a little loose so why does this have to be a legal concept ? for years i've been wanting to finish my degree . i would like to be an rn . but my husband thinks it's a waste of time . he believes that i should start at the bottom and work my way up like him and ... i really think i'd do alright . i say husband would have a hard time because he has to work or else he gets all crazy , he has to follow the rules and respects authority so that automatically means ... yyaasss ! that's what i'm tawkin ' about galldune . but on a serious note , you are right . you are screwed pretty much screwed-of course there are exceptions but it's rare . if your charge had ... you know this actually worked ? the thing that was driving him nuts at the time was our bathroom not being complete . i explained to him that nagging me was making me more stubborn and ... '