thanks , i said that to them , fucking stupids :) and yes , somehow it works , for a while , then they forget ! right , stalkers don't deserve respect . they r just losers being angry for ... hillary clinton is feminist and feminism started by nf , nt . and she said she is introvert . i think n and s use different language . no connection even hard to understand what is wrong / different . unlike t / f . both know what's different . n / s problem occurs when one of them is in higher ... i mean manipulation , for example , a guy i am interested in is not interested in me , situation . then , thinking about , put some pills in his coffee to change his hormon n nervous system . or talk ... infj has ability to make their partners happy , in the beginning . because they don't stray around , which is very important at first step coz we know it is difficult time to figure out what he ( she ) ... exactly , their misunderstanding is impossible to break without being rude . then they insist i looked down on stalkers . and think i deserve some kind of punishment for being arrogant . so i must ... i once watched his ex ivana t interview , she called him visionary . he might be someone with p . ntp , i think . try to meet intelligent guys and it will be no problem . in my history there is no sensor guy , i think there is no chemistry on mental level , with s to me , if there is anything mental exchange going on . i just think understanding type of n and s is the ... so where is the boderline matters ? everyone needs some manipulation , like little lies . coz we r not saint . but intentionally fake situation for no point kind and similar levels r no need . i think ... thank you very much for sharing wisdom ~ ~ ~ i wish i am able to do so , sometimes i used to approach them , and ask something to get infos about their , this stupid business . then they misunderstand my ... wow , didn't expect so before ~ thanks , guys , i don't know why but my clicks on thank never work , so saying it here . it started from clingy , of course , but it lasts over several years , so it is right , stalking . i tried first ... when we r talking about people / society , in my opinion the opposite meaning of manipulation is let them be . that sounds effective ! ! ! if i can try :) i must find the demands making them want to run away ~ ~ ! hey , lemassive , so u think u know how to communicate with people online :) what u have done with other other people here is called debate , not communication . yesterday while i was answering here suddenly my wifi was disconnected . so writing again . stalker giving hint nasty way felt bad - gether same kind of networks insist i looked down on them , ... r u sure u r nt ? what if u r infj ? ( i like infjs too . they made me feel so secure , n even pre visited the planned dating place . ) i thought enfps r happy to enjoy their own interest , so they might not that into envy or manipulate the other's life ? do u regard youself as competitive person ? do we think any one human has the right to manipulate another human's life ? coz i dont . and think nobody has that right to the other . as long as they r not the criminal , or if that's the case ... me , too . i am enfp when i am out with new people , and while dealing with important issue , i am infp , although what interests infp seems a little calm for my liking . and also many people in this ... i regard avoiding these quick physical approach as self determination and selective taste for their life style , so i like society with this mindset , even if not here , as u guys want to insist ... i think they don't get heart break in terms of the meaning we nfs understand . as nf , i used to fall in and out of love occasionally , at first sight . ( in nt's language , the earth change direction ... interesting , because fear of commitment is p thing . may i ask your zodiac sign :) ? i heard intj likes zodiac , too . if u too , ur sun , and moon sign , do u know ? how do you handle those people ? i am looking forward to ntj solution ! ( my fellow nf will not be that tough on them ) actually they r already sick of me , too sick of me coz i was very rude on ... tj ' s idea how to handle annoying situation / people . i usually avoid first , then if it's not working , burst out with anger . did not bring good result at all . in my opinion , p s r creator / visionary , ... so , in general intj's are not fond of that kind of life style , ons / quick approach / easy girls , but for some emotionally detached fun , some don't mind , in case not causing trouble only ? i think ... sometimes shyness surround shy guys with classy air . not only young girl and older men , but all enfp's including males will be misunderstood by the way they speak . so after years of troubles , now i dont have conversation unless i am sure they won't ... infps say they have this problem , which is strange to me , nfp . enfps have hard time to know what you want , too ? not talking about if i do this what might happen kind of realistic situation , but ... i speak like enfp , definately , when out especially with new people . and learned in this cafe now , i am a strong decision maker compared to average infp . quite strange to me because i think i am ... i can see intjs r observing . :) to see the result , while not saying u actually don't like these kinds of life style ? i like it , because it means you guys here r not artificial ... hey , intjs , after i posted this , i found there was discussion on similar subject here a week ago , one night stand . ( enfps don't pre research very well before ~ ~ ) it was interesting to know , from ... yeah , enfp's have many questions always , but about this one , i read the book about mbti and dating , and their research said , intj / p types are the first to disguise these stuffs ( quick approach ) ? ) ... no , not that one u r thinking about now , :) . ( i think she is intelligent person ) . i was particularly curious about intj's opinions on this subject , because , i read int s are the most likely to ... yeah ~ . if i make promise , i make it , although i might be late , ( p: ) but will be there anyway , when i don't keep it , which is not normal , it's when i think i will quit the whole business / issue ... can't believe this . i am nfp , and i have very strong will of choice , in case who try to manipulate my preferences and choice , i regard them as invading my life , n go on fight , like that infp ... so i heard estps r the best sales person , while enfps r talented at communication . he is gone , i think he might be estp :) it's interesting almost of infps rarely make promises because they don't like to cancel :) . anyway , i clicked thank many times but it's not working ! if u think u r pragmatic , practical , action oriented ( sport , etc ) , u r estp , when u r into conversation , huge interest in mental area , u r nf . enfps r outgoing too , just like estp , but it's ... as i guessed , infps r reliable people by nature , even though we r not that happy to get engaged to the situation of some duty . and i regard ' on time ' as different issue from sincerity , because ... hey , did you get notice thank from me ? maybe u have too many of , but i think i clicked thank to many , but there was no given thank checked in my box , anyway , thank . :) and i hope it's not by ... i am nfp , somewhere e and i , so i regard myself as infp , too . although you guys speak in more quiet and gentle way than me :) do infps think you r sincere person ? because it seems like :) or is ... yeah , enfps r free spirit , in the realm of mental area , maybe the num . 1 . free spirit . so we respect the other's mind , as we know how important is to have one's own mind decision , n one's own path ... u have problem in initiating conversation ? if enfp can't do that , who on earth can ? :) maybe esfp or estp ... crowds or several strangers make me aloof , too , but if it's one to one new person , i ... thanks for your guide on posting , but as strong nfp , i still can't make it :) really bad with all kinds of machines . maybe you didn't find you r in that situations , as it is normal for enfps to ... right , we r happy to make friends with every different human being , as long as they have the same mindset . and do u know how the other enfp girls got out of this messy situations ? maybe , because e , types r too distracted by circumstances to misunderstand it and keep that thought :) hey , , jmurph , thanks ! i can go on really long time happily without socializing , but most i , people think i am too talkative if i start talking :) and i saw infps vedeos , they r really shy ! so i ... i am actually in between i , and e , but want to figure out if this is because of my sagittarius side , or enfp side ? i think i read from somewhere enfps experience these cases a lot of times . as ...