' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d_HlPboLRL8 ^ this . i spent so long fantasizing about being somewhere else in life , and now i'm here i miss home more than i ever thought i would . forever torn ... would anyone mind if an enfp maybe tagged along , too ? : happy : being alone . loneliness is my worst enemy . everything feels pointless . humans are social creatures . we need people . i will become grumpy , pessimistic , lethargic and especially selfish . i will ... you have literally hundreds of notes on your phone and around the house of things you want / need to do . :P currently cleaning out the 500 + notes on my phone ... oh dear ... enfp . no . i'm a terrible sleeper so sometimes i do a half-assed attempt at making my bed by flipping the covers so they're all the same way and mostly covering the bed ( for comfort if i want to ... my ego . it bothers me . enfp . smoking isn't a habit of mine . i am struggling with this , too . i found the best way for me , personally , to work is to commit myself to other people . it gets me out of bed in the morning and gives me a drive and focus for the ... zeptometer awww , thank you ! : 3 i'm sorry we don't interact as much as we could D: hope you had a lovely valentines ! awh ! thank you so much for taking the time to respond , share your view and end up putting me at ease ! very much appreciated . :) i do hope your right . you've really helped me think about it a ... i'm thinking where i should dump what i'm thinking . basically i was on holiday in a city with my boyfriend . i'd never been to a proper city before . there were homeless people everywhere and it ... i don't know about singing a solo infront of people , but one thing that gets me through nerve-wracking situations is to see the light at the end of a tunnel . remembering that it's not going to last ... i'm really scared that my mum'll die before she's had a chance to enjoy life . she's 40 - something and been working almost non-stop ( 5 jobs at one point ) since she was 19 , and her health is going ... i'd have stopped myself from procrastinating so much . might've achieved a whole lot more . i would have made myself more proactive and not give up . might've done a whole lot more and experienced a ... female :) period . menstruation . there was a point where i would do anything to avoid saying it , and try to stops others from saying it . not so bad now . it's just so gross and embarrassing ... very sorry to hear about your friend . when family members have died i just went very introverted whilst everyone around was running about and breaking down , essentially tried to become a rock ... i used to get bored , but as soon as i started slowing down ( instead of just jumping right in as soon as i felt something for someone ) and that seems to have really helped . i ended up having a 9 month ... mum's more bothered about celebrating new years than she was my 18th just a couple of days ago . then she wonders why i'm upset . blahhhsdfakjfhdksgdlngsngkldnskd . = | viva : 4w3 7w6 8w9 so / sx ace face : 7w8 , 8w7 , 3w2 cue 5c : 3w2 so / sp the king of dreams : 9w1 7w6 2w1 so / sx alysaria : 7w6 , 2w3 , 9w8 sx / so musicbird : 7w6 , 9w8 , 4w3 eerie : 7w8 - 1w2 - 4w3 sx / sp finaille : ... woah ! so much family ! how do you do it ? : l do you get everyone gifts or is it kinda usual not to ? : 0 i mean , this year it's just my mother and two brothers and a nan , and it's kinda been usual that ... has everything reached its full potential ? us , life , the earth , everything ! like , is the more ? can there be more ? does that make sense ? skyrim . so . obsessed . with skyrim . o__o but in all seriousness , everyone else has pretty much summed up what i'd say about creativity , freedom and just something that'll really get you ... kind over matter : card drops ^ _ ^ got 60 . like others , a little confused about some of the questions . ^ _ ^ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qdfl51Vr7qE i gave just under 30 cupcakes to someone ...  ...  ... there were originally gonna be 40 . nomnomnom ! :D awh ! that's so cute ! :D organised . * shudder * i love spending hours just living in a different world sometimes ^ - ^ ; ; ; i know it's bad because it can be a distraction from practical matters , but being alone with it can be fun . a chance to live ... i'm probably just repeating what's already been said but the way i would describe fi ( i'm probably wrong ; still learning ) is that it's about vibes , morals and intended reason . so , being able to be ... newton faulkner - gone in the morning http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qdfl51Vr7qE i love this song ! it makes me so immediately happy and wanna just ... raaarrr happiness ! xd and to me , ... i wish i did . less fear / disturbing thoughts . what kind of life do you want ? i'm not sure . a happy one , does that count ? one full of experience . one well lived . one that has made a difference . one that has made people happy . i want a happy ... confession : nottie made me smile , tehee ! ^ _ ^ ; thank you ! * hugs back * :D confession : the tiniest nicest things are always the best ! i hate you . i hate hating you . it's confusing , and angry , and painful , and scary , and irrational , and just the most awful feeling . grrrblah . _ . i bet that somewhere out there is a super-j reading this thread and having a heart attack looking at all these pictures . xd glad to know i'm not the only one with a not-so-tidy room ! :D ... my brother , who i rant about so much , is disgusting . he just walks around the house with a shirt off belching all f * * * day ! >=[ and you know something ? i recall him telling my mother off for ... my mother . ooo , but in all seriousness she's an enfp with depression . she's getting really down lately and you can see major differences in her . i find that she can't be assed ... so many candles . incence . various books . blankets ^ _ ^ lots of bits of bobs that they've refused to throw out just in case it might come in handy :P a floordrobe . i imagined someone saying it as a joke , and if i answered ' correctly ' they'd slap me in the face with a giant fish ( like on the sims ) and laughing their heads off , the nasty pasty xp either till i forget , or till the other person makes it clear that they're sorry that we ever argued . ongoing cheating is something that has disturbed and puzzled me greatly =| i don't understand it ... yes , cheating is bad , but i do see this as worse because it's basing a huge chunk of your ... if it's any consolation i have never cheated in any way because i was bored . i have , however , ended a ... not necessarily a relationship , but kinda close to it , because i felt lonely in that thing ... it's 2.45 at night . i'm 17 years old trying to work very hard at a summer job with hours that can range from 6-10 a day . my mother said that she was going to a chinese . she's just come home ... these past few days have been awesome sauce ! ^ _ ^ yesterday , my friends from my new school travelled over 30 miles , for over an hour , costing them £ 10 each ... to come see me for a few hours ! ^ _ ^ ... i've never ' physically ' cheated with any ' interest ' . i have , unfortunately , had brief , thoroughly regretful moments of emotional cheating in past relationships . other than that i like to think ... far too many crushes and short , tiny flings to count . i've had two long-term ( for me ) relationships that were between 7 months and 1 year ( i always have a few months before going official where ... vivacissimamente - awhhh ! thank you so very much ! ^ _ ^ * huggles * made my day , and was so unexpected ! :D i'm in a wonderful relationship . i know some people may get annoyed by my constant praise of it , and the person i am in the relationship with , but it really is good for me to be here and to ... i do often feel that , but luckily i have a relationship which i can always turn to that'll give me that . but i do miss just generally having a lot of intensity in life in general . however , when it ... '