definitely conflict , too . unreasonable loudness , when people start a job and then only finish half - and mostly just juggling everything . life kind of feels like spinning plates : laughing : unreasonable loudness , when people start a job and then only finish half - and mostly just juggling everything . life kind of feels like spinning plates : laughing : how do you fellow infj's feel about sleeping ? i love sleeping . my body needs a good 7 1/2 - 8 hrs or i start steadily loosing the plot : laughing : i can manage on 5/6 hours but if i do that for an ... haha . i'm 23 and a mother so i can relate to that . my 3 year old is so challenging right now . no is her favorite word : laughing : people tell me she's my double , and she is in spirit too , stubborn as ... i'm also a type 2 , 2w3 i think but i haven't tested it in a long time . can't have counselling in the uk , i self reffered as soon as i realised i had a big problem but since i'm not planning on ... i guess it's the silver lining in all of this , sometimes you have to be on the edge before you realise your personal strength . have you developed any coping mechanisms ? it's happened a couple of ... i'm very sorry to hear that , i hope you aren't suffering . floral_dresses your infj friend probably loves you back very much . my mum is an infp and she is unbelievably special to me . : happy : did you ever return to who you were ? do you smoke ? no . i used to years ago , now i look back and wonder what i was thinking . what are your drinkings habits ? wine , beer ? i enjoy fruity cider , cocktails or proseco / champagne on a ... i haven't heard of it , but it sounds really interesting . something i've seen / read about recently was a film called into the wild - based on a true story about an american who abandons society and ... has anyone had any experience of a huge burnout emotionally / mentally ? if so how did you come back from it ? i crashed and burned about 6 months ago , still finding my way back . - warweasel i can ... husband and daughter were both horribly sick in the night , husband is still throwing up . i have a bad feeling that i'm next :d ry : mums always catch everything ~ we're too busy taking care of ... we have many similarities , probably way too many to mention but sense of humour ( though his is much darker than mine ) , quirks and interests are just a few of them off of the top of my head . we have ... my birth family relationships are mostly introverted , my mum is and infp , dad is ( suspected ) intj , and i'm not certain on my sisters types . my middle sister is a definite introvert , and my eldest ... a different sort of love , but the first person i loved more than anything was my mum . i remember i must have been around 4/5 , she smiled at me and right then i just wished that i could just stay that ... does god exist ? that i'm not sure of , sometimes i think , definitely not - and other times , i look at the intricacy of the universe and the things it contains and i think , this can't be accidental ... dear you , i haven't seen you in 6 years or more ... exactly the date i don't remember . why are you still in my dreams sometimes ? you're like a ghost , lingering somewhere in my mind . in truth you ... yesterday at work , i was doing some jobs but still close enough to the bar that i could hear my customers talking . there's 3 elderly men reminiscing about being young . the tv is on one of the music ... hey everyone . sorry i'm not talking much right now , i've started a course with open university so i don't get a lot of time between that , working and being a mummy / wife . hope you're all doing ok ! ... thanks :D what have you got ? yeah i did thanks , it was kind of you to put it together :) thank you :-) no not really . i'd heard its really painful but it's not , i have a high pain tolerance anyway but it only felt like a little scratch . what you getting ? my best and worst relationship is with my istj , it's the worst in that we have hurt each other a lot in the past ... but it's the best in that it was an instant love when we met and it's always been a ... 570626 ^ newest photo , make up free . does editing count ? lol : crazy : 5706425706 50 ^ newest ink , 2 weeks old today ^ _ ^ i've had this my entire life . purpleviolet - many people may disagree with me here , but if anyone tries to force you emotionally , psychologically or worse , physically to be who they want you to be , i ... hey everyone . just confirming that i'm still alive and checking how you're all doing :) ~ as an infj , an introvert , or just a human in general ... do you ever get that feeling that no matter how ... ' do you really think i can't see through you right now ? stop trying to give me the same lies as everyone else . ' dear friends , thank you for all your kindness and messages of support the past few days , i truly appreciate it . i gave him another chance , is it the wrong decision ? maybe , but time will tell . i'd ... thank you , reisiger that's really kind . did you and your wife make it ? it's a very long story between me and my husband but for now , it's ok i think . i'm just tired of constantly not knowing what ... couldn't agree more , reisiger . i really appreciate your message . i'll be honest , what i'm going through is a break down of my very short lived marriage to the father of my child . i'm entirely lost ! ... thank you . i needed to read that today . positivity , is a rare , but beautiful thing in the world . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w4_Jz5XnzO8 i feel like i should issue an apology ~ at present the only thing i am talking about is how shoddy my life has become , all i'm doing is taking , rather than giving . don't take it personally or think ... 528226 ^ ^ this description is pretty apt for me at the moment , considering someone on pinterest had also labelled it infj ~ dear infj , you're growing , you're lost and confused ~ but you feel something deep down , the inner workings are configuring . you are the same , and you're different . you're the old you , just plain ... hi , qazcv : happy : i don't specifically have a job title , me and my team are what you could describe as one size fits all employees . i work behind the hotel bar and reception mostly , i do admin ... ' ' out on a limb , in the carnival of me . raising up the temperature one hundred degrees . ' ' every time i hear that line in a song i love my brain just plays with it for hours . turning it over and over , ... i love to know others ' mbtis so i can read about what makes them tick , frankly . but on the other hand , i hate that feeling like i can't stop over analysing somebody . either way i have feelers out ... ^ ^ this could not be a better description . perfect ! as dalien said , i was a silent rebel . cheeky , to the right people . full of smiles , adored pretend games and laying in the sun . distinctly ... i do , i try really hard . there's only so much one person can do , if you take the necessary steps and the other person stays exactly where they are what is there to do ? thanks for your perspective , ... it desperately saddens me , depending on how much i admire the other person and how much i respect their ideas . if it's some stranger i don't care , frankly . but when it's someone you know or love and ... ^ ^ this , everything is breaking down . there is nothing left , he's shut the door on me . he's switched off , just not listening anymore . it's like i'm screaming and screaming at a brick wall ... i confess that i am completely lost . ~ i feel like this is a turning point in my life , but each way ends somewhere negative . whichever way i turn , nothing good will come of it . is your vitamin d ok ? last week i was diagnosed with a small iron deficiency , and my vitamin d was measuring in at 21.8 out of 70 ~ same symptoms as you really , exhausted , lethargy and also confused ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vKOv8ohYJTA ^ ^ this song , i just want to live inside this song right now . on a placebo high ^ _ ^ i know it's really shitty of me but do you ever get the feeling where someone is so pedantic all the time their words dont mean anything anymore . there's only so much bull i can listen to without ... i agree with aizar completely ~ i have an incredibly long fuse , and if a person chooses to push me to breaking point knowing the strength of my patience then they clearly have no respect for me . i ... ^ ^ this in its entirety . i am a terminal perfectionist - if even one thing in my day is imperfect sometimes it has a knock on effect with the rest of my day . atelophobia , for the record is not ... that was eye opening . thanks for sharing