' i have found it easier to learn by actually conversing with people . classes helped , but to a minimal extent . compared to my peers , i am better at holding a natural conversation with slang while ... this just entertaining my own curiosity . are any particular personality types more adept at picking up a new language ? how would different types go about learning a new language ? how would they use it ... haven't posted in a while . there's a doctor here who doesn't think this is so , forgot his name . i , however , am estp with an adhd diagnosis . i can see how there might be misdiagnoses when personality ... warning an estp male to stay away from your [ daughter , sister , cousin , etc ] is pretty much a dare . should have known better . i have a similar issue , i'll think blankly . i think your problem is you probably don't have a deadline approaching soon or perhaps nothing much is at stake . i can think in endless loops of arbitrary ... you sound pretty much like us . embrace it , we get a lot of heat from others , but they can't live without us . what you said about your study habits is exactly what's going on with me . i don't ... i posted my experience here . holyshizzy is pretty spot on . i am a kinesthetic learner . i thought i was a visual learner , which is more or less true . but i didn't know about learning styles back then . i have to get my hands dirty to learn ; i find trial and ... yes interested . snapping into attention around a lot of people , you yourself are included in a lot of people . being on your side , defending you , and affirmative responses ( like laughing at your ... i'm kind of bogged down because i decided to go to grad school . there's always the weekend . there are plenty of things to do nearby , i always find stuff to do . maybe kill time with friends . i too ... any good reason . convenience isn't really a good reason , and inconvenience is just bad . like what cinnamon 83 said , mentally and physically stimulating . even though i tend to have my guard up , ... ( i love seasons so much ) so do i , that's why i live in a place that skips all the shitty ones . - daniel tosh i like seasons . in summer is for surfing , winter is for snowboarding , fall is for ... oh let's not get started with that on the estp forum . : laughing : too late ! no fireworks within city limits lol , but you can get them the next city over . and yeah , ping pong balls are good for ... haven't really played electric violin . played more classical ( that video is a modern rendition of adagio for stings . but , when i decide to open my violin case , i'll bet that i can play that , but ... i did the violin . the point is not to be a rockstar , but to be a musician ! here's some violin porn . she also uses boss pedals for the violin , totally metal , lol .  ... yeah , i jumped around , mimicked , broke toys , and reach for everything . the last sentence , i was referring to how i played with water all the time . good thing too . had i learned about fire any ... so what makes emotional abuse different than hurting someone's feelings . is it emotional abuse simply because it happens in a relationship ? or does it have to be a chronic situation in the ... i didn't think to bring up electric drums , he seemed like an acoustic / analog type of guy . but it's true , he can even use headphones ( drumming on headphones is probably such an alien concept to him ) ... thanks , but i was kind of hoping for more context than a dictionary definition ; as an estp i guess it's the best way to interpret everything according to the dictionary , either black or white . i'm ... oh yeah . i walk with johnny all the time . cohiba ? yes , and romeo y julieta , and montecristo . the fact that us customs is likely to give me shit for having a fucking cigar makes me enjoy it even ... at least two of my past relationships have been described as toxic . i don't know about abusive . i surely haven't been abusive , and i don't think i've been abused . i've been pissed the fuck off ... our family-friend hosted for thanksgiving , drum set belonged to his kid . so i started dicking around with the drums , got a decent beat going , but i'm drumming noob ; so this dude walks in , good ... there are such things as stupid questions , and stupid people . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQlIhraqL7o i'm winning ! thanks for the posts . here's my story . i'm able to admit to having been depressed in the past . i wouldn't accept it . not that i was in denial , i just couldn't even see it at first . friends started ... i keep hearing this thing about wxyz and abcd are a bad match . it doesn't matter what theory says , it's literally theoretical . what's more practical is getting along , attraction , understanding , ... never did online dating . think it's lame . don't think i ever would . maybe if i was bored , just for fun and laughs ( mean ? bite me ! ) , but still not likely . maybe online dating , but still no . i like ... my parents told me i never crawled , i went straight to walking , running , and falling . i didn't cry much but my facial expressions communicated pretty much everything . when i started to talk in ... welcome fellow musician . nice gear . i'm doing my thing with a gibson sg , line 6 amp , fender frontman tube ( from the 80s ) , roland stomp effects ( also from the 80s ) . also play keyboard . used to play ... i guess it comes so easy to some that some of us fail to put ourselves in the other person's shoes . i guess i'm sorry for that . i'm trying to help . i know it's easier said than done for some . it ... lesson 1 : just do it ! just go up to someone and strike up a conversation . here's how . before class starts , listen in on what people are talking about , and just pop in as if their conversation ... i think arrogant individuals who expect everyone to go by their rules to the bitter end , without any compromise , are assholes . i don't think that applies to every single entj out there does it ? ... sure thing . hope my response was helpful . just don't rely too much on this mbti thing when it comes to dealing with real people and real relationships . what are the chances he really is estp ? what ... esfps are cool . too social and attention driven ? that's like saying certain introverts are not social enough and lack the need for attention . i understand how some people are attention whores , but ... anyone can get jealous , but i would think estps are either too confident to show it or good at hiding it . estps value loyalty ( doesn't everybody ? ) , break loyalty and you've made their list . it's a ... i tend to go through phases . i've gone through a nerdy girl phase ( quite recently , they're so cool ) , i've gone through a girls-into-bad-boys phase ( they're also cool , you would think they're ideal ... my friends think they're badass because of paintball , but they're too chickenshit for this . having said that , i have my ticket , i need up to three more people for this ; trash talk is funner if you ... this is true , at least for me . but the only thing people will ever notice is that i haven't been sleeping much . everything else will just fly over their head . has your alcohol tolerance always been that low ? or was it lower before and it's just low now ? okay , we'll let you have your fun , but you better know how to strike a pose for triumph ( aviator shades required ) , that would be a waste of glory . so manipulate the zombies to turning the ... so true aint it ? especially about setting things on fire ! you won't last an hour flapping a banana peel in our face . people sucking up to me really annoy me . and you're right about placing both ... learn to read , i didn't call you a school shooter . but your reasoning is similar to their justifications . the columbine losers , no one understands us , no one accepts us , we hate them ... so go ... looks like neither of the parents are exactly helpful here , even though her mom's intentions were good . have you had a conversation with her as far as what her plans are ( before this thing current ... wow , your issues sound like a bigger problem than other people taking drugs . maybe no one accepts you or pays attention to you because you're an attention seeking hater . sounds like the rationale a ... first of all , i don't get drunk easily . i like craft beer , wine , and good whiskey as far as flavor is concerned ; but i'll drink just about anything the party calls for . i'm always in control , except ... so , is it his intuition that makes him feel annoyed that people openly do drugs against his judgment that drugs should be done alone ? if that's the case , am i on the right track to type him as ... doing drugs alone is a whole lot worse than doing drugs socially . alone = despair , socially = fun ; the same applies to drinking . you feel annoyed and you are being judgmental . figured out half of ... i'll answer your questions first before going on my own rambling . increased participation might be a sign if they're trying to show off . looking down might be an indicator of interest if it ... '