' what house are you ? lanister who's your favorite character ? tywin lanister best storyline ? depends on the book or series , but i like jaime's a lot . worst death so far ? tywin who are you most ... thanks for the post . it was hard to relate to some of the examples ( such as a theme park ) because i like to change activities frequently and don't have enough of a habit to declare one theme park as ... i had the same problem ... so i copied your response from the email and answered the thread . that is empathy , if you didn't have it you would be a sociopath . i was asked a good question to see if you are more f or t ... do you do things becuase of a principle of what is right or wrong , or ... no idea why , but i can't access the last page . so i copied what i saw on my email and shall answer it here . how absent minded am i ? i don't know how absent minded other people are , but i can be ... i just thought of something , i don't know if it helps , but sometimes when experiencing situations i do tend to use movie quotes as a joke , perhaps showing my thought process . so i read the articles , for children i couldn't identify with any of the descriptions . i can tell you that i liked grumpy ( from the seven dwarfs ) because he understood things the other silly dwarfs ... how can you like editing papers ! ! ! ? for the flaws i see in people's ideas , i see logical errors , how something could be used against us or simply giving an example on the idea won't work if faced ... are there no big differences between the two es / nfx that exist ? something a esfj would like / do that enfj would never do ? or vis versa ? i can relate to some of what you said ( getting bored , not wanting to hurt people because of past experience , pointing out silly ideas , not liking people who argue on emotion ) so i would say either ... wow , lots of questions ! i shall try to answer them all . the facts are very important to me , at least if the facts are important for a point to be made . yes and no , i like to know who , what when ... wow , lots of questions ! i shall try to answer them all . the facts are very important to me , at least if the facts are important for a point to be made . yes and no , i like to know who , what when ... dear reader , i have a very close friend who i don't understand . i am an entj ( i think ) , and i am sure she is not a nt type . i think she is a enfx or a esfx type , probably more j than p . i really ... well i would say you did not use si to describe the bird like i would have . i would say the bird reminds me of m own bird . he has the same bossy grumpy , yet loving look on his face as my own bird . ... the park idea was quite helpful . the ones i most relate to : ne , te , ti , sort of : se , si , fi , not at all : fe , not sure : ni - i can observe sure , i love making plans , but no way am i going to ... i just googled a picture of a bird , first things that came to mind . 1 . i don't know the name of this bird . 2 . colour . 3 . size . 4 . shape of beak . 5 . reason why the beak is shaped so . now what would i ... i shall answer the second part first as it is easier . i wish to keep harmony because i had a lot of bad experiences when i was younger with people getting really angry at me , and it was 1 . not ... i always know how i am feeling , i like to take care of my emotions on my own ( i go for walks or runs ) . that said i do have a friend i am very open to , he is very empathetic , and it is good to get ... oh dear , i worte a huge thing and i think it didn't go through . i will have to sumarise : i write books for me , i want them to be published for admiration / recognition and to tick it off the bucket ... test : i answered the thread but can't see it appear thanks , but what made you so sure ? hey ! thanks for your time . here goes : how do i have fun : i love playing tennis , playing computer games ( dota 2 and any strategy game ) , going out to the pub and having a debate on same sex ... thanks ! thank you for your response . i really appreciated the time you put in your answer and the nuanced approach you gave . where were you able to learn more about the differences between types ? any good ... dear reader , thank you for taking the time to give me your opinion on my ' type ' . i have been doing a lot of reading and tests and i always get the same results ( mostly intj and entj and sometimes ... you mean creating software products ? any specific software field ? you got a plan ( join a company , start your own ? ) ? :) you know this forum waaay better than i , i didn't even know we could do that ! :D ( uninvite thingy ) first off regarding technology - i believe quality must always be applied before all else . but i ... only saw this comment now . thanks for developing your arguments . i wont bother about arguing for / against the computers , i find it useless and honestly don't acre about it . i think research we ... quote = scelerat ; 3849928 ] it's an old latin word that means villain , rogue or criminal . [ / quote ] its latin for : criminal . it is still used in french for : criminal , guilty or wicked ( scélérat ) why please share your findings ! can you expand on your thoughts ? ps : i never did my exams with a pencil ( i used a pen ) . the reason computers are not allowed is that not everyone has a computer and it would be hard to regulate ... i never thought about it , but yes . i became very argumentative with them ( even more than previously ) . also would study alone rather than with the class . ( take exams sooner , studying at home ) ... hey guys , i'm curious what do you do as a job ? and / or where do you see yourself in 10-20 years ? hey guys , just curious as to what your views on homosexuality are . the us loves gays today , what do you think ? ps : ninja for win ! : ninja : just let him be , if you are concerned talk to him , see what he says . i am sure he knows best . dylan clearly you have a very self centred view . napoleon once said : ' it is better to be the ancestor than the person who inherits ' . so to an extent he agrees with you , yet he also understood france , ... i understand what you are saying . with regards to me , all my life i have learnt about the history of france , its greatness , and the part my family played in it ( general under napoleon etc ) , i am ... simple really : social norm . i would feel a fool being the only student who stands , and i believe the professor would wonder what i was doing . i'm in a bit of a rush so can't go too much into it . but my logic is as thus : a student is there to learn from his / her professor . there needs to be a sense of hierarchy and respect ( as well as ... [ quote = elistra ; 3845895 ] my father was my primary role model growing up , and he is an estj ... this probably has something to do with it . when it comes to these sorts of great old american tradition ... i really liked your post , very interesting . but i think you cannot compare the national anthem to standing when your teacher enters . one is based on the love of country , the other is needed to ... as not * only money exactly ! so long as you don't consider value as only money regarding tea path's comment , loved reading all those old quotes , i guess you were being sarcastic in your own comments . to elistra : i like what you are saying . i find it strange that the entj's ... aaah ok , sorry , i did not know . thanks for the information :) bt please tell me what u think of the rest of the post ;D i have read all your posts and it mostly comes down to ( excuse me for generalising ) : 1 . whatever decision one takes regarding the conduct of society ( for instance pupils standing up when their ... hi guys , a lot of you ( entj's ) clearly state you don't like to follow traditions etc which you find pointless . now i am french and i guess a majority of you are from the us so there will be ... hey fellow entj's i noticed we were missing a joke page so here it is , feel free to post jokes you find funny . i am still new , so cant post links , but try rowan atkinson and hell on youtube :) thanks for the answer , interesting about the se ni te and fi . :) hi thomas , thanks for the advice and took the test ... it made me even more confused said i was an isfp ( which i think is the exact opposite of an entj ) . that said i thought the questions were ... '