' the bible , especially and including accounts of jesus ' ministry . i am trying to orient myself to the origins of the many gospels and learn the context of the rise of the followers of jesus . i think ... if only the world cowered to my own version of deluded truth , then everything would be fine . in fact , my attitude should be held by everyone , so that there will always be a war of wills , bitches ! - freud - jung - mbti - the bible , including the censored unorthodox texts - nietzsche - spanish , although i haven't studied for a while - religion debates - defending the west and america and liberal ... sam harris understands our narcissistic aspiration more than most : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C-QoeQ0Q3uM at your service : amazon.com : reading lights - ebook readers & accessories i guess , for me , christmas is just a splendid suspension of reality . i like it for that very reason . i love everything about christmas , even the religious music . it still retains the magical residue from childhood . listen to non-intrusive music to block the noise around you while you read . you can read even to learn stuff that way . and there are lights designed for reading books , as well . you can always try ... read this through a few times . keep notes on the fundamentals and use it for reference . it is the beast resource there is . classics in the history of psychology - - jung ( 1921/1923 ) chapter 10 have you read the descriptions of the functions that jung himself authored ? which one if them stabbed you in the heart and revealed your current existential fixation ? which one of them do you have ... it is possible to be somewhat undifferentiated and to be in the grip of something that you struggle with . how old is the op ? i am on a quest to read the whole bible so that i will be literate in the central text of western civilization . i read a chapter of psalms , a few pages of the torah , and a few pages of the gospels ... you might be obsessed with structuring reality inside your own mind and want to represent reality with as much fairness and logic as you can muster . you may take information from your experiences ... you may hate nietzsche , but the fact remains that he offered insights into the futility of absolute knowledge that remain faithful to our feeble human attempts at establishing knowledge of the forms ... more specific words allow for more compact thoughts that are more comprehensible than bewildering circumlocution . sometimes these words give you the weapons to perform surgical strikes instead of ... nietzsche was simply not interested in pure reason , as he thought that pure reason is nihilistic . beauty must be merged with reason in order for either to have any meaning . you will encounter this ... carl jung himself went on a inner quest in solitude in order to supplant his ti with ni . he knew he was risking madness to take his inner structure and turn it into a wonderful spiritual arson job . ... jung said that opposing your inborn nature leads to neurosis . the fact is that you breathe your dominant and smoke your auxiliary . you can learn more about it if you want to : classics in the ... one more time . evolution has never explained the origin of life . look up abiogenesis if you actually want to learn about that particular question . evolution is not addressing merely the question ... you need a whole life improvement program . if you want to use mbti effectively , you need to get well acquainted with carl jung's theory itself . there are things like the shadow and anima , concepts ... jennywocky , you have a mind that makes me blush in my relative modesty . i just wanted to tell you . mine too . she is why i have some good judging qualities . entp and intp is like the difference between bill maher and sam harris . the former is more entertaining , but the latter is more systematic . short vs long game ! your feeling function is seeking compensation for its feeble prior existence . same way with me . it's healthy as long as it gives you additional creative impulse . it makes sense that nordic people would have a religion whose apocalypse entailed a blizzard instead of fiery weather . snow or sand . make your choice . might as well post these reminders : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PjRQbJPULx4 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zMHqqXYaB8g i second ne humor . and remember that you are the ubermensch , and they are not . you can overcome them with your mind . they can't you . also try to get to know the more shadowy parts of your psyche ... dawkins might be a great scientist , but his intellectual perspicacity is not too much better than than of certain creationists . he attributes bad motives to them , and they attribute bad motives to ... not many people really have any idea what genetic deficiency really entails . the whole idea seems quite the human construct . we don't know what all of the genes and the epigenetic compounds even ... the fact is that we do not at this present condition of evolutionary development need to abandon those who could not survive in the sahara . we live in a different society in different environmental ... what is boredom ? your cerebral faculties continue to function while your emotive faculties slog through the same rut . what is this rut ? it means that your mental activity never reaches highs , ... now , now , now , lord vader . i am on an infj acceptance program , but let me get back on the wagon . you come up with a lot of ideas , but you get touchy and pushy when someone merely disagrees with them ! ask him about the evolution of bacteria allowing us to see the process of natural selection at a rapid speed . would this be a case of speciation and therefore macroevolution ? what would his ... dawkins fails both intellectually and charismatically . his demonization of his opponent and inability to wrestle with matters that really concern a lot of people get the better of him . if he wants ... your mysterious impulse to enact your spirit's will upon the world might get you a lot of dots , but i am the only one who knows how to connect them . maybe we can team up sometime . oh wait . ... esfps are the monkeys who dance at the choreography of enfps ! istps . they can tell you everything that happened during the day . they just can't tell you why ! i use my intellect to create a cerebral architecture built upon the ruins of my fractured sense of secure self . i was a six , i think , before i think i was an intp . i was an infp until my lack of ... socionics suggests a static condition without considering the fluid nature of the jungian archetypes that connect our typological taxonomy to other dimensions of the psyche , whether they be ... my takeaway was that the tertiary is the justification and the impetus for the dominant . in my case , it would mean that my tangible inner experience reminds me to use my ability to analyze things ... understanding the archetypes involving the eight functions of type ( beebe model ) if you want to read something that does not adhere to mbti stereotypical dogma about intps , but that holistically ... your ego is a rebellion against death . it wills survival and the conquest of enemies . it despises the petty obstacles to its quests . it devours nourishment and collects armor and tools of war . it ... peace is for those who would rather die than kill a malignant maniac , anyways . can't we just replace god with collective human flourishing and / or survival as a starting point ? zeitgeist is a fantastical concept that comes from someone's imagination , and not a rigorous consideration of alternatives . civilizations are clashing around us , and idealists think now is the ... i am actually a moral realist . but that was not the point i was trying to make . falling leaves merely said that the actions of the kkk were unlawful , and i was just trying to remind everyone that ... not to be too nitpicky , but the kkk used to be kind of mainstream . america was founded on white supremacy and toleration of slavery . the kkk were defending the pre-lincoln way of life . and they ... is it just me , or does this thread have a distinct fi feel to it ? thank you from the bottom of my unknowable intp soul . ubermenschen we were destined to be ! reminds me of this article : ... '