' personally i think gemini and other air signs fit . i don't have any new paintings to share at this point ( will later ) but i'd appreciate it if some view the facebook page for an indie movie i'm making called nowhere . please like if you feel ... i follow a theory on history that talks about history repeating over and over again . pretty much 4 turnings . the turning we live in now is like the turning that included the depression and ww2 . in ... i can definitely relate to this . why does this happen ? ? ? ! ! ! the fact that i'm not consistent or feel like i have control over my character when i first meet people . if i had it my way i would always show the bubbly and social side first ... but sometime people ... i have always attracted : isfj's , enfjs , and enfps . i hate labeling other peoples work as worst but my god i thought pink flamingos by john waters was awful . that's coming from me , a pretty open guy who never walkes out of the theater . don't take this the wrong way perceivers , but i always ended up attracting perceivers as friends when i was a kid and somehow became the reluctant leader of my small pack of misfits . so that somehow ... imagine being an infj male and working in cut throat industry ! the good thing about infj's is that we are also chameleons , so i when i'm at work i turn my i into an e or f into an t and pretend ... i need to delete this thread and never go to it again . do you guys know how humiliating it is , to be reading this and then be freaked out when my son wakes up in the middle of the night and i'm too ... you seem to have a handle on super heroes and their types . what's batman's and the joker's type ? strangely enough i looked up to dead prophets . for some reason i liked moses as a child . yea ... i'm not going to read this again before i go to bed . i have a love hate thing with it . i hate it for all the reasons you do , but appreciate it because it really helped to turn my parent company around . i can't tell you how much it was needed and ... umm ... i wouldn't ... okay ... i'll play along . i would do worse : immortality . that sounds very painful because people can be very annoying . that's because you ( we ) had the be yourself mr . roger's neighborhood mantra drilled in your head . call centers and costumer service . yes , we are good diplomats , but it sucks to have to make a false and quick connection with costumers just to sell them a product . furthermore , we are forced to be ... ha , well if we are going to go there sir ... and base this off of celebrities , then infj . how do you beat mother theresa , eleanor roosevelt , gandhi , and if you're still not convinced .. jesus ! even ... okay , here's mine . i feel like i'm working hard at channeling my inner professor x . okay i couldn't do a stare like this on purpose if i tried . sometimes my natural look , makes me look angry ... but when taking a picture my tendency is always to smile . i'm on it , but i don't maintain it . it looks good . my thoughts ... - wtf would put gordon in this situation ? - i'm thinking that he's talking to bruce ( see the hand ) and not batman , which means he know ... - which makes me wonder how ... this is definitely an infj thing . i learned from a movie that i can't stand but like the quote about an 80/20 rule with relationships . you may not find a person that 100 % fits what you are looking ... you took the words and thoughts out of my wife's mouth . old post , but wanted to chime in . people grow . i know my wife has . also , being a mother has made her more bold and expressive . she knows i like to get things out in the opinion and hate dwelling ... first off , i'm an infj and not enfp . that said ... don't wanna just steal your answers to support something that's so personal for me , but i like the way you worded things and i don't have much ... college : 2nd year directing class and art history . least favorite : calculus and english high school ( it was a creative and performing arts high school ): favorite class : painting class and us ... i had hamsters between the age of 9 and 14 . they were awesome . my question is why don't kids have them anymore ? there was a time when they , pet rabbits and and genii pigs were popular . anyway , that's ... this sounds like me . cursing is still not a habit but , i pretty much do so for some humorous purpose . the shack is my choice . birthday , thirty , creative . i've always loved my birth date ( june 5th ) but last year i read that's the unofficial birthday of aids ! i was born the day it was first reported to the centers for disease control and prevention , ... ha ! i felt the same way about shirley mcclain . i was proud of mel gibson for years and now with all of his drama , i'm fighting to not over look some of good things he did before hand . i see ... my wife is an isfj and sometimes her j borders on being a p . in an isfj tradition she is always helping others , following someone else's plan and putting her own thoughts on the shelf . but i like ... enfj or enfp . more social but don't seem as disconnected , manipulative , clownish and / or domineering as the other extrovert types ( that i know ) . maybe an entj who has had some life experiences that ... this describes my enfj friend who is very charismatic and appears to be the life of the party to associates however appears like a loner to those who know him and understand that he's putting on a ... i'm a television producer full time and still try to connected to the indie film world that i used to work in after school . both industries force me to communicate , network and deal with people .  ... something that i desperately wanna throw up because i feel sick ... but my wife won't let me because she says that's unhealthy . lol she gave me an enzyme instead . i look around at all the people in the room with me . you guys are awesome ! and this 90 + year old man's eyes close . i'm optimistically real . i know when to go into business mode . aren't we still in need of being very social at least within our small groups and family ? it's weird how we are a mix bag . how was the dark knight rises teaser ? isfj ( 3 people ) , enfj ( 2 again ) and one esfp . i have gotten pretty close with some thinkers but only as close as they would allow and these friendships aren't the keep in touch type . just the i ... my wife and mom are isfj's ( excellent mothers ) and i've partnered up with the other ones . all of the relationships have been pretty good to me . infj and i'm a fan of romanticism and impressionism . my own art leans impressionism and i used to hate that when i was in art school , surrounded by all the realist and their clean lines . these same ... ... umm , so i'm not a thinker . this has confirmed it . good on the judging point . my wife has a j however we just happen to be more j in aspects of our lives that fit where the other is lacking . her j is stronger then mine on many issues . also i like ... i admit that enfp's make a great business partner ( i have one ) but don't know about marriage . i like my isfj . she also makes me feel more extroverted . i've mentioned this on a number of threads . i always test as an infj and know so much about this type that i worry whenever i take a new test that i may be answering the questions with answers ... yes sir ! north carolina ! i like this place called cookout . they have great shakes : cook-out ® restaurant - cooked outdoors style but ... i go there when i'm in an i wanna eat risky mood and don't care ... so yes , ... '