' google took me back to this forum , because of this thread . leone , what are you doing now ? whatever you get paid for , i hope you write . what do the non-cubicle-dwellers do ? looking for ideas . how do you deal with irrational arguments , labelling , scapegoating , and awfulness in a relationship with an adult sibling ? how do you get past old hurts and patterns and move towards a peaceable ... thecaterpillar - oh my god , no worries - i should have known better than to use a double negative online , given how fragile this kind of thing is ... sorry ! pm'ing you in a minute ... sorry ... i'm a bit nosy , but your post above was so declarative , so clear ... it can be hard to find that kind of joy in life , which is so short ... and it makes me sad to think of it being boxed up ... depends where you are ... in my city , there are dozens of bands playing any night of the week . not really speaking from a whole lot of experience here - i studied music , made a sort of half-assed commitment for a few years in my early twenties , and gave up for many of the reasons already ... not impossible ... adore dancing ... it's a great release , amazing fun . as a casual dancer , i guess i'm not too bad ( get compliments occasionally ) , though am light-years away from some of the amazing dancers i see ... gravitycantforget : forgot to offer actual advice . protein is awesome . fills you up , and keeps you going longer than most other things . lean proteins are best . add whole grains and vegetables , and ... well , i agree it's important to emphasize how change is possible , absolutely . but the pressures you and i both mentioned are not imaginary , and it takes extra planning and learning to counter ... of course ! but understand that making the leap from a to b isn't a cakewalk ( groan ) for someone who may very well be dealing with very real physiological effects like insulin resistance , or at least , ... flora - i've seen that . makes sense , good advice . i'm not an emotional eater ( i tend to be more disorganized , as in , ' whoops , forgot to eat until 5 , now i need a 60oz steak or i'll hurt ... yes , sympathize completely . ' circling ' is an apt description of what happens ; my arguments are full of digressions , which i usually feel are necessary preludes to my main point . it exasperates extjs ... you said it . i think one thing to look for is - as has been mentioned above - feeling a sense of comfort and ease around the person . rather than palpitations , nausea , and other signs of ... yeah , i definitely have missed opportunities in the past ( later confirmed ) . atm i'm not looking for something serious , but a girl gets lonely , you know ... lately i've said just generally affirming ... policy work , marketing , web stuff , librarianship / research , academia , public service , arts or arts management . but . even in those fields - in any field - you have to be skilled at politics . life is ... i tend to prefer not to be verbally explicit when speaking to a guy i like , though i've experimented a bit with this recently . and really , i mean a bit . i suppose my attraction becomes clear through ... not a priority right now . still recovering from the last relationship , which was an ongoing battle of wills , and left me wondering who i am . ( it was not within the normal range of relationship ... awful at it , bad spatial / visual memory ( but , high acuity , weirdly ) , get stressed if i haven't got a map of some kind or haven't been to the place at least 5 times . the most accomplished people i know protect their time . it's important . i used to be a lot more like you are now ... at the time , i felt honoured in a way , to be trusted with confessions and ... this is horribly , painfully manipulative behaviour , whether she knows it or not ( she may not ) . she has no right to entrap you with her victimhood , and you are not responsible for her mental or ... the world is just . if that's the case , it sounds like a great fit ! marketing / pr and it / information systems can offer a lot , if novelty , challenge , problem-solving , feeling driven , and making connections are important - particularly in an agency / consultancy ... that's great , morningcalm ! glad to have been of help . it's nice that you and your wife are doing this together . good for the belly ; good for the marriage :) i find it easier to communicate complex ideas in written vs . spoken communication . my thoughts move faster than i can capture in speech . and there are a million details i usually want to address .   ... yup , by a bit . there's no secret to the formula . following the food guide + daily exercise = controlled weight . doing it is another matter , for that there are mos def secrets :) it helps to think of working ... i'm less introverted than you , but i have had crippling social anxiety . are you more introverted ( fatigued by interaction ) or socially anxious ( fearful of interaction ) ? you said this : the only time i ... i misspoke - you can't prove the non-existence of a thing . ( you can , of course , prove a ' negative ' . ) hi again , ok i only now read your second post . college certificates ... the funding picture is obv much better . but to be honest , a lot of employers don't understand them . they can't always tell the ... if you have no idea what it is you'd like to do , steer clear of committing to anything for a while . take a gap year , or two , and use the time constructively . work , and save . volunteer . experiment ... you've gotten an amazingly comprehensive response above . the ' big five ' mentioned are indeed our top research universities , and attract the best / brightest profs and students ( and the most cash ) . u of ... just want to comment on a comment above : depending on where you live , if you just want to stop after an ma , the undergrad in psych * might * still matter , for counseling programs ( not so , for the most ... verifiable proof of the existence or nonexistence of a deity you can't prove a negative . @ android 654 : i know you weren't trying to be at all hostile ... i just felt i'd maybe spoken too bluntly . i hear you ... that sounds frustrating . i still think a good derm could help . ( i also wonder ... hell no . it nearly killed both of us . i'm not really joking . ( inf / tp woman w / entj ex ) edit : i'm far from submissive , but am laid back - as in , i don't seek to influence others , necessarily - ... sorry to have been abrupt above . in no way did i mean to suggest that you * should * seek out these more expensive treatments ( or , my god , hide under some kind of half-sarcophagus ) . i wouldn't like for ... have you been told this by a dermatologist ? fractional laser resurfacing & chemical or physical dermabrasion can do a lot ( depending on your skin , of course ; your mileage will vary ); retin-a can ... as a kid , i was sensitive and socially incompetent . got my bruises . spent my twenties enthralled / excited by science , philosophy , art . fine things . was driven by that world-saving impulse . by now - ... not sure i agree that no one wants to work . people want to feel productive . work is a profoundly existential activity . ( see studs terkel's working , summary here . ) we have constraints we're born ... yeah , not proud of saying i've gotten huffy at times , but it's been more of a strangled cri du coeur than anything effective . i think ( but could be wrong ) that i did more of this when i was younger . ... yeah , there is no way simone de beauvoir is anything other than j . plath too . honestly , i'd guess more infps ( generally ) would find fame and that kind of professional identity by accident over ... tomilis : it's been a while since i've been here ; glad to see your response :) agree that property laws ( and the whole of capitalism , really ) have amplified and entrenched natural differences ( to ... you have shown several times in your post how despite lacking every normal advantage ( and right ) , you found incredible internal resources to put yourself in a better place ; to express yourself ; to ... paragon : if we remove the cause of greed , which is scarcity , then there wouldn't be an incentive for greed to exist . this , i can't get behind . we will always be fallible . we will always struggle ... paragon - first , i acknowledge that i'm a political dilettante , but on the face of it , libertarianism and socialism seem to contradict each other ; i'd welcome a more detailed explanation , if you're ... hey hey , please don't get discouraged ! you can only start from where you are ! don't look to compare yourself to others . they haven't lived your life . don't let this hiccup get to you . get as much ... cripes , 176 ! smart cookie . i tested at 140 as a kid , and was enrolled in the ' gifted ' class - neither fact has helped me in my ordinary life . later on , grades were heavily bipolar - as and fs , ... hey , i did a postbacc in journalism . loved the programme . i did some comms work in non-profits and universities after that , which wasn't too bad , though i found it a bit boring after a while ... '