http://i.imgur.com/ZQ9WaWt.jpg i will definitely dye my hair when it start turning : happy : yes :) i dress feminine , wear make up , paint nails all the time , etc . on the other hand , i really don't like shopping and i like playing games and ' ' not girly ' ' stuff like that , but i would say i'm quite ... i always tought most intjs sometimes have anxiety because they think to much , but i didn't know that depression is also so widespread . maybe i'm different kind of intj 1 . i 2 . i would try to avoid conflict and fight of any kind ( i would be calm and rational ) , but in first case i would be much more harsh . http://www.ineedmotivation.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2008/04/tired.jpg i think that you idealized this girl because you think you have no chance to meet other girls , but c'mon , we all know that's not true ! she doesn't look like ' ' so great girl ' ' to me ( at least from ... o - yes , of course and she is always hungry : rolleyes : well , they can feed my kitty anytime ( if you know what i mean ) : kitteh : so i need to find entp that doesn't want to ' ' play with fe ' ' : laughing : thank you ! oh , come on , i just babble sometimes , that's all , i'm woman for christ's sake : laughing : only if i'm insecure about that particular thing , which is rare . i mean maybe other intjs are like that all the time , but i don't like beating around the bush haha thank you for answering ! : happy : so , it appears to me that entps prefer infjs compared to intjs , why is that ? as i can see , it's because they are more ' ' soft ' ' , emotional , etc . ( i didn't look that up to much , so i'm sorry if i'm ... well yes they would : kitteh : huge is constant touching ( especially in public ) , saying that you like him a lot , trying to kiss him , etc . but touch here and there ( unintended pun haha ) , hugs , talking about his ideas , asking him ... this ! i think that he possibly likes you but you must be little more obvious . intjs don't make a move if they are not about 90 % ( or more lol ) sure that the other person likes them . you should not ... do you believe in destiny ? mostly no do you enjoy flirting for its own sake ? sometimes yes does analyzing complex things give you pleasure just for the sake of the act of analyzing ? yes , i ... in my case that would be entp , esfj , infp and enfj last anime i watched was monster my top 10 ( not in order ): monster death note fullmetal alchemist one-punch man hellsing attack on titan parasyte the wire story is interesting and actors are great , one of the best tv series ever ! :p roud : breaking bad same as wire , but for me personally not as good only fools and horses characters are ... this is so true for me ! :p roud : bachelor's in psychology intj majority intjs can be empathic and they can help others with their emotional crisis ( but when they are more mature ) . for example , i help my friends ( and other people ) with their emotions and other ... http://www.dumpaday.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/08/5-mood-swing-funny-pictures.jpg you have plenty of time ( but you already know that :) don't think that everybody in your age ( or older ) know what to do with their life - they don't . it is rare to find a person who has ' ' figure out ... “ the two most powerful warriors are patience and time . ” - leo tolstoy dolores claiborne by stephen king did guys find you attractive when you were in high school , or college ? in high school not so much , but in college yes :) were you mostly friends with guys ? no what was your style ? calm ... yes , because i'm not very photogenic : unsure :