' my friend was tell a few of us about a guy she had recently slept with . the guy liked it when she said his name but she wasn't as much of a fan . she kinda sleeps around so when she finished i said ... i am an istp and i wish i was drunk ... its been a long evening i usually try to stay out of the fights , i get dragged in and end up being mediator sober introvert + club = disaster panic attack ... not so sober introvert + club = good time ... i had a small group of friends , wouldn't call it a clique it looks like he skinned a porcupine ... who do you like the new doctor ? i haven't seen any of the new episodes yet ... i'm more playful and tend to leave with out telling people sometimes without shoes i have done this . it was awesome the next morning and the principle was a bit up set with my class . score one for the seniors ! thank you facebook ... i feel like stalkers are becoming more frequent ... all this talk about how epic mountain biking is makes me want to try . to bad i live in the flat as hell midwest . :d ry : not a fan really ... every one is all lets get along and be cheerful for a week then every thing goes back to normal . if you and i don't hang out in the first place what makes you think i want to be ... i personally don't like clubs , but if i'm drunk i'll go with friends my parents had me checked for add when i was a kid , but they never told me the results ... i assume since i'm not on meds that i don't have it . i do wonder though cause a number of teachers asked me ... 18 illinois / ohio khys , i have a cousin with aspergers . hes really a great kid guy right now hes going to engineering school . when we were kids we never really talked , it was mostly just smiling and playing games . i'm ... karim want to write a couple of papers for me haha dear professors , most of you have doctorates . so what made you think it was a brilliant idea to assign a crap ton of papers at the end of the semester ? annoyed and unmotivated istp i don't fit in anywhere . why is it bothering me all of a sudden , it's bringing back horrible memories from middle school and high school ... why so many papers ? ! why ! ? where can i find aderal ... the one i know is exactly as dusty described do the ones you know retell stories daily ? there a girl i know and i think shes an esfp , i can't stand to be around her if its just a gathering like prom or homecoming , last to show up first to leave . really only went so my friends wouldn't get upset . if its a smaller party i show up when ever and usually spend ... what is love like . why do i have to right so many papers , and why do i continue to put them off to the last minute knowing the consequences . lol i watched some friends play magic . i didn't understand a word ... what are the sticks for ... my estj friend did something similar . her ex was sleeping over ( they are still very good friends ) and the beds are very narrow . hes really skinny and shes a bit over weight . he said something like ... i usually have no problem falling asleep , getting has always be an issue . those days i do have issues i usually dont get to bed till 3 or 4 am 28 10char / i read the part inventory to make sure i have every thing , does that count ? my fingers and toes do that to , had no idea what it was so thanks i have and estj friend , were good buds but i feel like she blames others for her unhappiness and lets people bother her . its annoying and there is no reasoning with her when shes in one of these ... i scored a 16 . i have scared countless friends not on purpose though more mellow than usual as i'm missing lots of sleep lately i like halloween , free candy ! but as of now im really kinda dreading holidays , it means i have to go home and i really really dont want to go home ... same with my mom , i still dont see the point ... i did the same except it was some ones grandma that broke a hip doing something . i had to walk away , there was no recovery ... lol , i thought i would since i just started drinking but apperently not :P i usually wake up feeling nothing , if anything disappointed cause cause i have to get up . i'm kinda surprised i haven't gotten a hang over yet . just started drinking not to long ago i typed as a 5 , i just get smiley . something i don't usually do unless i'm laughing i dont mind roommate providing they respect my space and aren't annoying . my roommate actually just moved out and i'm a bit disapointed because she would bring friends over and they were quite ... teachers and professors hate my hand writing because its small . i'm constantly being told to write bigger , but i can't help my hand writing size ... no pictures on hand at the moment pretty much the stereotypical tomboy as a kid , i was mistaken for a guy a couple times to lol . i'm not a frilly girl ... never have been but im not the tomboy i use to be ( probably a good thing ) , i ... my 30 second phone call turned in to a 30 minute phone call ... wana piss me off ? mess around with the crap in my room . do not touch stuff unless given permission ... when i call home for two and they drag it out to a 30 minute conversation ... should of sent a text ... i go on walks , helps a bit i think one of my new friends might be an istp . we get along great , always banter with each other . when we aren't hanging out i often see him out walking alone . anyways we get along great lots of fun my room mate dragged me to a party with her , it was just a small gathering but the other people at the party kept saying i was too quiet '