' so i have a question about my infj roommate / best friend ( only in quotes because god knows what's going on with our friendship right now ) . she's been in a really unhealthy place for the past ... i used to be a lot like you describe , but i've been trying to be more assertive and less passive in my relationships ( including friendships , in a number of ways ) . in fact , for my current ... i'm not like that at all . i'm friendly and open with everyone . i'm probably more likely to withdraw from someone i'm interested in ( initially ) because i'm afraid to reveal my feelings . this ... if this poll represents the general population , october will win . october 5 is the most popular birthday ( yes , those are new years babies ) . human gestation is actually about 10 months long from the ... it's a myth that virgins always get attached too quickly . truth is , attachment varies by relationship and individual . when i was a young , curious intp teen , i pretty much just found someone who i ... so i was curious about this at first and don't mind an outsider's opinion , but ... i am getting the impression this list is not going anywhere , and i checked out the other thread and that didn't ... my subtype is infp . i have very high fi , apparently . one of my best friends is an intj , as is her fiance and another mutual friend of ours . they're all women , i don't know any male intjs in person that i'm aware of now . i can't speak so much for ... thank you for pointing this out . i think you make a very good point , and i should've clarified in my post that i was mostly thinking about times when i feel someone is being manipulative or ... it sounds like he's deflecting the problem from himself to you . tell him directly that he's hurting you . use the formula approach - - when you ___ , i feel ___ . i need ___ to feel better ... turns out he's an intp too . think this formula might be doable . :D that's an excellent example . i wish someone would do a scientific study on the people who come in here and complain about mistypes , and then come back in 3-6 months and go hey , turns out i'm an xxx instead ! ! oh yeah , i ... i think women tend to get conditioned into paying attention to emotions more ... there was some study i read about how men and women interact with their same-sex friends , and men tend to sit away from ... certainly , i would imagine so , but i don't feel capable . the intp profiles always say that they are looking for mindmates . i think there ought to be a warning , though , that when you find a mindmate , your head / heart turn into a total clusterfuck at ... i would find it rather endearing , actually . if i wasn't interested , i would say so , but if i thought the person seemed nice / respectful / interesting , i'd definitely give him a chance . i would ... this is exactly what i worry about when i tell people i'm not nurturing enough to parent ! all my friends are like i'm sure you'd make a great parent ! but just watch how quickly they take back their ... well , if anyone would like to volunteer to purchase me a new mic / webcam set i will happily make y'all some videos . otherwise you're going to have to deal with the crappy sound recording that i never ... i told you i was having problems with my f * * * ing mic ! if you listened to it you would have known that . vocaroo | voice message : | if i'm trying to date them , yeah . some guys i don't mind it with , but my mothering is very limited anyway . i dunno about that . i can understand it and relate to some degree , but even now i'd consider myself socially successful and some days i still just want to crawl under the couch and avoid everyone . actually , that's not a real solution , because the research that has been done on the gender income gap takes into account time taken off for childrearing . people love to try to pin this onto women ... sahms on facebook are my biggest pet peeve . all day , posting about every little thing . which is why this website exists . there is nothing that i find more irritating than someone updating facebook ... i would've said stuff like that . not in college / grad school , but high school for sure . i was / am a super perfectionist , but i wouldn't call that rule follower . it's a distinct disorder . : happy : next year i will move for the 19th time in my life . each time it gets easier and easier to let go of things . on my last move , i didn't take any furniture except for a couple bookcases , and was able ... [ / quote ] thank you for posting that . i've found the more i let go , particularly of objects and desiring objects , the happier i am . my mother's not a narcissist . she has a lot of negative tendencies , and based off this description i could guess that my maternal grandmother is one . which could explain why my mother acts more like ... yeah , i used to try the whole exercise while smoking thing but i always lost motivation quickly . after about 2-3 weeks of not smoking , my energy levels are so ridiculous i basically have to work out ... https://fbcdn-sphotos-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-ash3/535771_453358568022909_153786011313501_1661238_2016071024_n.jpg okay , i know it's not cool to smoke , or whatever , but since i quit smoking i feel less badass . : sad : also being a hyperactive perfectionist cheerful nerd doesn't help . i like to have at least ... why not try to get a job on campus ? i find that it's much easier to work at the school you're attending . typically they're flexible with your scheduling needs and the jobs generally aren't terribly ... tiebout's theory is problematic and not that predictive . in an ideal world , yes , maybe , but for numerous reasons the majority of people don't vote with their feet and generally aren't educated enough ... oh god , i am crying . should not look at this thread at work . i'm beginning to think i might have a mild form of congenital prosopamnesia . yes and no . very basically , yes , that's the process . there's quite a bit more to policy though , some of which includes how something is implemented after the bill is passed . policies notoriously fail ... i know how to lobby and do a little bit of that work , but i'm mostly interested in policy analysis and design and would love to work at a think tank and / or research organization . what do you mean by ... it irks me to be in classes with people who are essentially going to school to become mid-level government managers or nonprofit executive directors . because when those people make dumb as fuck ... 6.022 x 10 ^ 23 . hmm ... this is very fascinating . perspective is something i think about a lot . i do not believe i was raised to have very much of an ego , and in the past few years have been willingly , consciously , ... i have mad skills in nerd metaphor flirting . i'm not talking about fluffy pop culture nerd stuff like star wars , i mean like stats and physics and linguistics . the harder the science , the better .  ... well , what does vulnerable mean to you ? is it telling them about your inner self ? crying in front of them ? asking for help ? being physically naked ? sharing your worst moments ? doing something ... yes and yes . i was homeschooled until high school ( i had a bit of a nervous breakdown at 11 and my therapist recommended it ) . what they don't tell you on the tlc show is that these people don't just ... if you read what i wrote ( and you quoted ) i did not make any statements about what i know is right or wrong - i clearly stated that it is my opinion that mr . rozay is wrong . seriously ? ... it's not that interesting . if you've ever seen an episode of 18 and counting ( or 20 and counting , i don't know what number they're up to now ) , you probably have a pretty solid grasp of what my ... no , i'm not too stubborn . i can understand your point of view , i just happen to think you're wrong . big difference . which to me , just demonstrates a lack of understanding of the functions and ... banana - you are easy going , well adjusted , generous , honest and empathetic . youx 92re incredibly generous of heart and a great listener . thatx 92s why you are often the one others turn to for solace and ... uhh ... and that's why i don't get references to the 90s , and when my friends post stuff on facebook that's like you know you grew up in the 90s when ... or remember the 90s ? ! i'm clueless . also , i ... are you talking about ice cream or dating ? this thread has so many possibilities for innuendo ... '