' i have memories from my very firsts years , but the over-all image of the time is hazy . i have couple memories when i was little over one-year-old , and i have this one memory which is really clear ... i have had same kind of situations , not as severe as yours sound , though , few years back . it was as far as i know , the way i protected myself after multiple years of bullying and loneliness . i ... agnes obel - just so i recommend obel's whole production , really . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5NmjJeNFUVUhttps://www.youtube.com/embed/5NmjJeNFUVU i got parvati . :p roud : when you get over-heated from the all socializing you've been part of , and need at least double the time used socializing to recover from it . and if you are not able to do so , you just close yourself ... how lucky to me a rare among rares :D i didn't know that 2w1 are not that usual , i believed they were . but well , that doesn't bother me . i think being 2w1 as a i is a blessing . it makes life ... ones : w2 apdenoatis : 1w2 2w1 5w6 sx / so ( probably ) giga blender : 1w2 2w1 5w6 vaan : 1w2 3w4 7w6 sx / so garbanzo : 1w2 4w3 5w4 sx proudtobeme : 1w2 4w5 5w6 sp / sx arkendale : 1w2 6w5 4w5 sp / so ... the shirt he is wearing is red one . of course , that is counted as ordinary behaviour in case of ordinary people . but you must always find the symbols , patterns even in the slightest of things ... gugugu : 3 i finally found the dragon cave :) my sister used to play it five years ago , but she never told me the site ... : 3 draa-gons , here i come . oh , this is one of those times when i got ... i have the same habbit . i love giving gifts , and more so the stage where i plan what i am going to give them . though most people say i buy too expensive gifts for them . it kinda ruins part of the ... nfpwannabe : reason : i'm an infj . i edit posts a lot ... x3 <--- this . deserves to be posted as a separated post in this topic . you know you are infj when you stay out from facebook and shut off your phone for a week at the start of the summer holidays , because you need to balance yourself again . and when you do so , people ... i am wonderinf if i have adhd ... all the sympthoms of hyperactivity , at least . renna , you are so pretty . new hair fits you well . and thank you for all the youtube videos , they are really helpful . umm , anyone have any experience of infj with adhd ? happy birthday , lemxn :p roud : greetings , mister friend :) i hope you will enjoy your time here as much as i have . being dumb is quite fun , actually . childish dumb : 3 . it is a great combo with the deep thinking , people always are confused with me . the thing is that i seem out-going and bubbly . but get nothing ... i do not know the answer to your question , but i also have another infj drooling after me . one problem i have noticed is our bad habbit of holding something to ourselves . that added to the fact ... some questions from a dumb girl : 1.can one be xnfj ? my i is only 1 % , but i am not extroverted . 2.could someone please help me with my enneagram ? 3 . may i join your conversations ? oh , ... ; _ ; i have a theather play today . two roles and i am one nervous pile of jellyfishes . and none has helped me with my enneagram :( just made a post to the enneagram part ... whole enneagram-thing confuses me , not to mention the sosionics . dear hand-holder , it has been an year since i said no for the first time . since then you haven't answered my messages . i have seen you three times , even though you only know one of those times ... there is no evil souls . there is only twisted minds , broken personalities and dumped hearts - and all of these come to be through lack of love and empathy ( or physical issues ) . judge the act , not the ... this is one of those days which will never stop coming . conveyor belt produced diary texts . when the same mistakes the same the same the same again and again and again . only the date on the ... when you are in a situation where you are given multiple options which are somehow connected to people , and you can't choose . which is followed by confusion and feeling of guilt . for example one of ... a pale one said hi , but decided it would be unwise to keep the photo here . i'll do my best to get him checked . i believe that he has at least a depression . low self-esteem is a sure thing ... he has only once been proud of himself , and that is when he succeeded better than ... lilith from the dust we were made placed to the throne of all being you were the first of all men and i came to be on your side i am not your doll in strings i am not the weaker vessel he is , in a way , quite creepy . he used to have a fixation to me , always popping up where i was . he stopped when one friend of mine said him things in pretty rough way ( without asking my permission ) ... now i am even more worried ... my own experient of trying to get someone to see professionals is that they will rebel with all their might . i am in high school , yes , but telling the psychologist ... well ... maybe ... he has a strange habbit of whispering sometimes . he doesn't notice it , but he does it sometimes . and the language he whispers in is not our mother tongue , that i am sure of . he has ... good ones . for me it seems that this exercise was as easy to you as brushing your teeth . for me it was difficult one . specially those ten flawless things . that is the very text he read after knowing his type , and which made him moody and hopeless . the very same page . i tried that out pretty much right away , but he goes round it by claiming it ... giggle giggle , thank you : 3 i believe the anime-like impression is given because english is not my strongest language at all . my own mother tongue has nothing in common with it :D thank you :) ... guh . enneagrams 1st and 2nd part change places all the time when i do the test - . - ' i just did the jcf test ( via the link on perc ) . is ni 12 . ( something ) high ? and in the same way , is se 0.2 low ? my result is every time either the one in my signature or 1w9 , 2w1 , 6w5 , and i must say , i see no much difference in the explanations of those ... dunno which one to believe . well , um . girls : mirja varpu ( has the same meaning as barbara ) vrivian boys aleksei niklas um , i would need some advice ... one dear friend of mine , enfp , just found out his personality type due doing the test . as expected , he found it extremely fitting . and that made him moody and ... hi and thank you for warm welcome : 3 yes , i have written the poem . * blush * http://i.myniceprofile.com/1391/139128.gif you know you are one of the infjs when you are / have been sure that somewhere during your mental growth has happened a little twist . * waves back * hi there ! nice to meet you . and thanks , i hope i will bring something good to this place . i do enjoy a touch . i need physical contacts , like hugs and messing one's hair . but otherwise i dislike it quite much . but i believe it is due my asexuality and the traumas i have , not the ... one , two , three , here i go ! ten flawless : 1 . freckles 2 . lips 3 . the little finger in the left hand 4 . the curve of the ribcage 5 . how my hair curls i recommend and challenge you to do a little exercise related to self-awareness . i found doing it a little uncomfortable at first , but later on i've been glad that i did it . 1 . ten flawless ... wow , that is really fitting . at the moment i am in that liberating state , but also bit unsure how to go on from here . * hugs * twitchdelabrat thank you . i am sure that i belong among you . and to be honest , before i got to know about infjs ( i never had heard anything about them ) , i was sure that i am either odd ... for me it is knowing before i even know i know . ( guh , terrible sentence . ) year or two backwards i always where getting these sensations of others feelings right away , but i have come to supress those ... * tip toes in the room . * um , hello . i am gedee , or gd , if you like . i would like to join your company . here are my recommendations . * shows a folder . * i ( 1 % ) , n ( 12 % ) , f ( 12 % ) and j ( 56 % ) . i know the ... '