' until my mid-twenties i couldn't care less what other people got up to , but in the last few years i've become more anxious that i'm missing out on stuff ... for example , i never used to care that ... i wholeheartedly disagree . you absolutely should care about what you do for a living . follow your passions and change the world , man . come on , we're idealists ! i know it's not easy to find and ... male infj and got ... 66.667 masculine 66.667 feminine 57.5 androgynous but what does this mean ? ! life imagine my surprise when , two years later , i googled ' infj dj ' and my own thread ( which i'd completely forgotten about ) came up ! : laughing : well now i'm here , and there doesn't seem to be any ... to extend the analogy further , those plants are growing fruit in the same garden . but the garden has bad soil . we all have good intentions , but we're all brainwashed by the bright lights and ... that's a great analogy and you're totally right . the question is , how ? i don't think the world needs more educators or preachers . watch this clip of russell brand get berated by the crowd for ... we live in a horrifically unfair world . capitalism is a huge cause ( and result ) of it . the idealist within me wants to rebel and change it . like a calling , i feel it would be the right thing to ... 238018 i'm totally addicted to bass ... http://youtu.be/wmwGGLrDvfE please forgive me fear of missing out recently i've been sympathising with the so-called ' bad ' . i used to be open to others ' beliefs and values to an extent . when it came to the people we call ' terrorists ' , i thought they have a right ... i'll admit , if i'm close to losing my 2:1 thank / post ratio i look for a good opportunity to post something helpful ! 157194 yup . this is me after prolonged social interaction ... http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-UUBBVvfBUcM/T1t8Zi673mI/AAA0c/uEdZ-PA4IpI/s1600/homer-simpson-bush-gif.gif i don't know about you guys , but i love memes . i'm one of those people that replies to office-wide emails with a meme . it's satisfying to hear the scattered chortles that arise from it :) so , ... how do you feel about it ? i have a distant relationship with death , thankfully . none of my family or friends have passed away for the last 15 years or so . i've never attended a funeral . it could ... my musical tastes change day-to-day , but here's what i've been listening to this week ... shadow child - friday javeon - intoxicated solid stone - remember me http://youtu.be/0kYc55bXJFI ] [ b ... well since you put it like that .. ! i suppose my pessimism is reflected in my original post . my optimism actually aligns with what you're saying . i'm very spiritual and appreciative of the world ... all good points . i think the gist of it is , i sometimes feel very removed from the world around me . without any positive validation of my actions i feel my existence is somewhat worthless . it's not ... you'll have booked a hotel for yourself anyway , right ? so have dinner , see how it goes , do the inevitable walk-and-talk-after-dinner routine , then say , hey listen , do you wanna come back to my ... finally , my life is worth living ! ! : laughing : i could be the highest-flying businessman , the fastest sprinter , the most successful lawyer . but if no one appreciates what i'm doing , i couldn't care less . i could out-earn all my friends , even ... as an extreme example , some infjs report experiences of a psychic nature , such as getting strong feelings about there being a problem with a loved one , and discovering later that they were in a car ... greetings , lately i've been under a lot of pressure - i'm self employed and have a hundred things going on - and it's taking its toll on me physically . it got to the point last night where i ... if you're going to have to stick at it for 5 years , my advice is to not do it . five years is way too long not to get distracted by another idea . but , if you really want to do it , find a business ... completely disagree . photography is exactly about gathering information and making decisions . before you even take the photo you're looking around for something interesting , emotive , suggestive ... hello perc ! haven't posted for a while . anyway , this test has been going round facebook and i was quite interested to see how balanced my results were ... 53 % left 47 % right curious to note the ... infj's love making lists . it's evident from browsing this forum . i thought i'd share some reasons why you may want to make a list ... - to arrange tasks in order of importance - to weigh up the ... i hate this question , particularly if it's work related . i have a terrible short-term memory for detail . i can work hard all day and get a lot done ( on the rare occasion i'm not procrastinating ) ... basing your career on money is the worst choice ever . especially for an infj . trust me , you'll be happier in a band earning f * * * - all than in a job you can't stand that's well paid . plus after a few ... noticing them i notice there's something about them . i like their aura . then i get a bit obsessed and put my facebook stalking glasses on . i ultimately convince myself she's the one . getting to ... i've thought about this before . i over-share , constantly . i think it's because i'm lacking a ' go-to ' - you know , the person you share your life's story with . for years i was in a relationship and was ... the gods envy us . they envy us because we ’ re mortal . because any moment might be our last . everything ’ s more beautiful because we ’ re doomed . you will never be lovelier than you are now . we will ... hello , fellow brit :) just to provide balance on your comment , i agree ' britain ' as a whole isn't all that ( depending what you're looking for ) . there is lots to do and a ton of history , but for ... 90164 tits and ass ! : cool : haha , kidding ( sort of ) . this is a rather timely thread as i have a date in a couple of hours . i'm hoping that she'll be intelligent , capable of deep thought , open-minded , ... i've met so many canadian enfj's , it's bizarre . had a really good relationship with one of them too for a while :) also attracted to and dated americans , but it's difficult to find one who doesn't ... i'm a 4 ! any other 4 ' s go through the following motions when discovering they were infj ? yes ! infj ! the rarest of them all ! always knew i was special ! wait , that means there are others like me ? ... it's the last thing any infj wants to hear , but ... just go with the flow :) you seem to get on amazingly well so keep it going if it seems right and don't think so hard about the future . try to live ... i was never told this at the time , but years later ( when i had a long-term girlfriend ) my parents told me they were ' concerned ' since i had more girl than guy friends and never spoke about girls . i ... haha , aw . was that because they couldn't find you ? :P haha , i knew it wasn't just me being antisocial ! there's just so much fun to be had inside my mind ... a few things i was often told when living at home . feel free to share yours :) oh , you're home ? we didn't hear you ... it would be nice if you could voluntarily help out around the house ... oddly , my relationships with people have been the complete opposite ... 4 years and 3 years ! simple question . how often do you change jobs ? having read a few posts , i sense it's common for an infj to chop and change a lot . personally , i get bored once i feel like i have nothing else to ... haha . i went on a date with an infj once . we got on incredibly well , but deep down i knew she wasn't what i was looking for . at the end of the date we talked about meeting up again and where we could ... i have an open mind :) it's a tech startup . we're a disruptive technology aiming to make advertising more ethical . it was tough at first , but i've acclimatised to the uncertainty now and enjoy it a lot . i think if it were ... well 1 , 2 and 3 are in order . the door is open for love any time , but i have no control over it so i just tagged it on the end :) not intentionally , but the best relationships i had was with ... '