' hello all , i've recently retaken the jungian personality test offered here : personality test based on c . jung and i . briggs myers type theory because my psych professor had us all doing it ... i always study for tests but i always get d's . in highschool i stopped studying because it seemed pointless because my grades never improved or declined with or without . now , i'm in college and i ... i just read your post after posting this averobilvious , you were absolutely correct . nailed it . i will continue with cbt and work through my panic and social anxiety . it's a roller coaster for ... if this guy is anything like me you shouldn't worry about trying to start something with him . lot's of introverted guys may be too nervous to talk to you , but secretly want to do * things * - - you can ... thanks fellow infp's . i am physically / sexually attracted to women , no doubt . emotionally idk , i think social anxiety really makes it tough for me because as soon as i start sexualizing a girl i ... hi , i am an infp with social anxiety and panic disorder . i am comfortable typing this online , but i would never say it out loud in person . consequently , i am not very forward or outgoing in real ... ok , so i puruit of overcoming social anxiery i have been more social lately . i thibkbits actually working , anf i'm really improving and i know it . but , i have run into 2 problems ... or walls .   ... since this thread is sort of evolving into an awesome motivational / support thread i would like to add that today i did not feel any social anxiety at work my entire shift (8 hours ) which is ... well thanks everyone . the supportive afvice boosts my confidence . i will try to be much more straight forward in the future . it's not just about the girls though , it's also a matter of being ... well , i can start bitching ( lol ) about stuff that bothers me . i do that quite a lot actually . my room can be messy because i dont feel like it is a priority / worth the time it takes to clean it up ... well i'm actaully feeling pretty happy right now . it's not that myife situation has changed very much , but its more like my outlook on life is beginning to change for the better . i am beginning to ... well guys thanks for the reply's . i haven't been on in a long time . im still unsure about it but i have assumed im infp , but lately i have been struggling with social anxiety and i'm not too sure ... guys , i'm falling for this enfj girl hard at school . it's surreal and i can't stop worrying about messing it up , its making me panic . i'm an infp guy and i have always felt insecure being ... i have been taking various free mbti tests online and i find that i always get different results . back in highschool--junior year - - i got enfj as my first result ever taking the test ( i am male btw ) ... no it's not dumb to say . it's real . i don't know who i am because i always try to please my parents - - but it's like a huge weight that crushes me . i only seem to use this forum when i am upset about something , sorry about that . lately it just feels like i have been running in my shadow for so long i am forgetting what it means to be infp . ... ok man . it's fleetfeet 2004 from intjfourm . here is the thing i am seeing . she is acting just like i would . lol , seriously . in fact its weird because i suppose this is the flip-side of me ... literally started laughing at work on the middle of my shift when i read this . it sounds like somthing i could say . so just like the title says , or any dance for that matter ? lol . because i didn't . lol . i am only 19 too but still looking back i never experienced any of the stereotypical high-school things . ... wow , thanks everyone . i appreciate the kind words , i feel a little better now , and yeah i can relate to a lot of what's being said . i will just try to keep friendships going for now i suppose and ... i don't know where to start . i guess this is just me venting a little bit hoping for some kind words . being infp male i am sensitive and emotional , etc . ok , so now that is out of the way . let ... i'm sorry too . i had no idea your sister actually was diagnosed . now i feel bad , : blushed : . it actually makes me look pretty ignorant . you know how nf's can be sometimes . we can go off on ... ouch . this is why i would rather live alone . i am exactly those things . i have never had a girlfriend because every time i meet someone i really like i get too scared to move forward and i allow the relationship to self destruct . i fear ... recently i stated to realize there is something else going on with me than just being infp . so i decided to take a personality disorder screening , here are the results : personality disorder test ... i think he'll come around . we just go about life very differently but we both seem so meet up at the end . he's not completely at fault though , what he says about me is somewhat true . i know i need ... i think he wants me to be different . it's like he doesn't like me the way i am , he has always been the trouble maker and i was not . i think i embarrass him lol . but i am getting tired of him ... your being rude and disrespectful , oh and everyone says your weird ... i always try to be nice and respectful to everyone and truly hurts me when someone thinks i have been rude when i was making ... i can relate to you man . my brother is the same way with me , really hurtful and sad . i think it's just somthing that nf's in general have to accept . that everyone will seem just a little more ... thank you : happy : so i am 19 and he is 16 . he called me weird , anti-social , said all my friends said i was weird , openly insulted me about my guitar playing , and said my ideals and ideas were stupid . : crying : : sad : ... so it turns out that people just want to see you enjoying their company ! duh , i should have known it was simple . i finally got the balls to start a conversation with a stranger and it ended up going ... has this ever happened to anyone before ? i'm laughing about it because i have been trying to get some attention from girls by dressing nicer at school and all the sudden i am being overwhelmed with ... yes . i can . people , especially infp's need to give others way more credit than that . people will always make mistakes . true strength comes from one's ability to forgive and accept others for who ... hey thanks a lot . i think your advice really does hit home with me . it's obvious you know exactly what i'm talking about based on your response . i can tell you've been there before . it sounds ... lost of great responses here . i am very grateful and can relate to a lot , and learn equally a lot from reading them . thank god for this forum because it gives me an opportunity to discuss ... thanks , i am starting to realize that being an infp is going to be tough . fi does consume me . and that's what is cool , i can retreat back into my beautiful world inside my head ( lol ) until someone ... ok so i am very infp and i have been struggling a little lately . i'm 19 in college and people don't seem to want to talk to me , i have no clue as to anything related to fashion and really have no ... first of all i love your post ! i feel almost exactly the same as you , figures since i am infp . i don't like the way some christians treat other people and other religions too , but have found that ... yeah , i just took the enneagram test , here are the scores . i am type 5 . but type 4 is very close . here is the breakdown , type 1 : score of 3 , type 2 : score of 2 , type 3 : score of 5 , type 4 : score ... dude you sound awesome lol . i would definitely try to be friends with you in real life based on what i see here in this thread . sorry if it sounds creepy lol . i'm an infp , btw and i think the ... i'm exactly the same way . i just joined and i am an infp and i am extremely fascinated with understanding myself better . that's why i am on here ! besides everyone knows i am just in a room by ... hi , i am an infp and i don't really know what to think about this forum yet as i can't see or feel / sense you like i would in real life lol . yes i am , infp . actually if it matters i actually ... '