painting the world with the colors of my soul . interpret it as you like - helping others by volunteering , teaching , giving everything you have . personal growth - learning as much about the universe ... 6 months ago i met this entp guy at my university . we are in the same group , so we basically have to be together everyday , and most likely have to study together for the next 6 years . so cutting off ... 1984 all the way i don't like people in groups because it's harder to enslave them . esxj or isxj , because i've noticed that isxjs don't have much trouble with small talk either . i'd say istj . secret :) i really like the movie , and alice is my alter ego in internet , since people find my real name a bit weird . sense of smell easily , because my sense of smell has always been kind of weak . i think it's better that way , because i don't feel and suffer from disgusting smells people seem to feel everyday . i ... i don't think there's a certain type who would tend to do this . i think it depends on other factors and influences throughout the person's life . honey badgers enfp - creative and challenging conversations . fun to have both small talk and philosophical rambling . entj / enfj - adventurous friend who allows me to see things from different perspective . entp - ... please , change my username to a clockwork alice dodartt i'd say you're an enfp , possibly an esfp too . completely agree with everything op said . i am cautious around new people and usually hold my true-self inside . because of that people assume that i am a very calm , shy , possibly even slow and ... less planning , more random writing . let the words flow out of you . try to write in start and add the characters later . basically do the opposite of what you've done before and see what happens . my native language is latvian . english is my second language , but i have become fluent enough in that . ( at least i hope so ) . i know a little bit of russian and german , but i have no further interest ... basically i ask myself questions which affect me . those ordinary existential ones - what is the meaning of my life , what am i , where am i going , what could happen and what couldn't , what changes ... blind i like learning languages , but i'm too lazy to do it . for now , i'm fluent in english and latvian , but forcing myself to learn russian . i really want to learn at least one of scandinavian languages ... i was definitely an enfp . until society broke me . everyday would be sunny , grass would always be green , all people would be smiling for no reason , everyone would go to church on sundays etc . all of the earth would be just a big suburb full of sensor ... 1 ) once 3 ) 24 h 4 ) i like to talk like yoda . also doctor who quotes . ( let's go poke it with a stick ! ) 6 ) i wanted to be a scientist or a writer . hasn't changed much ever since . 7 ) sometimes and i ... in some way communication is probably one of the things that lead to intelligence . like , for example , someone asks you a philosophical question . this triggers your mind and urges you to think about ... yes , this happens to me all the time . but then again , by telling the truth , you get real friends and get rid of those who can't accept you . i think it's the best way of living there is . i'm thinking entp . not all of them , i bet there are sensors who have achieved the same thing with hard work . jumping out from the third floor window and breaking a few bones . i was 10 years old and spent 4 h in pain until my parents came home . that's about it . now that i think about it , definitely uti i see dead people i don't have a system . i just write down important stuff in a chaotic way , so i'm the only person who can make sense out of it later . also idk what i'd do without photographic memory , but i'm not ... love both the books and the series . omg so freaking awesome . thank you ! the shawshank redemption . i've had a similar problem , only i'm the intp . for example : a person might have hurt me in the past , and i have forgiven him , but i can't stop living in the past , so i bring back the event ... can i have one too ? : kitteh : if possible , dark green shield , metallic color - grey . something tells me gatsby is introverted . all those parties he made and never took part in . happens to me very often . when i get into a new class or just meet new people , in start they don't like me ( and they show it ) , so i just ignore them , but after few months they usually warm up to me ... no there aren't . there are days when i do everything as scheduled , but then i get bored of it and turn back to my normal self . not knowing the answers to everything - yet . if i don't know a person very well i'm too busy with the social interaction and i'm not comfortable with expressing my humor , because the person probably wouldn't understand it . like once i made a ... yes , but mostly with people i've known for years . i think it has definitely something to do with ne . sometimes i annoy people because i can already tell what they're going to say by their face ... procrastinating , trolling people and acting like it wasn't me , reading / watching something . thinking up weird case scenarios , like when driving by bus i imagine how it would crash and people would ... people have labeled me as ' ' socially retarded ' ' , ' ' introverted freak ' ' - i'm not very communicative , so i'm comfortable with the labels unless people start to link ' ' introvert ' ' with ' ' ignorant ' ' - ... i'm thinking isfp or istp . welcome to the forum ! : kitteh : biggest cliché of them all probably is the never-ending fight between good and evil - good always wins . a socially awkward / miserable guy turns into biggest hero of them all and in the end ... welcome , fellow enfp ! : kitteh : my guess would be istj / isfj , somehow i don't see anything from intj . my ni-te is almost as strong as ti-ne , so i've had similar problems . also close people think i'm extroverted , while others think i'm introverted . i sense a lot of ni , so you might be intj / infj , but ... both , but lately more adapting , because i like a good challenge .