' dude its been atleast 8 months these fuckers are dulll m only there because of my theyre my bfs friends today we got onto the topic of modern day army drafts and how both men and women would be ... so ive been dealing with a whole bunch of dull people recently and honestly its killing my soul , we were talking about something interesting for once anddd nobody replied but changed it back to ... i probably wont have kids but i do this after school club thing and i basically get to teach them cool shit , tell stories , have like 6 different activities go on at once and its batshit crazy its ... i also once told the boss of this hairdressers i was doing a trial thing on she came into the back room and sat down and was like oh my gosh its been so busy ! ! and where i was previously there was ... technically it was true he got a black out drunk and high girl to fuck him while he was sober and he was like its totally okay ive done this loaaads of times and it slipped out like instantly . it was ... so today i've been doing a lot of self reflecting and general overall thinking , and i thought up the few instances that my honesty has gotten me in trouble so i was wondering whats the most trouble ... dear younger self stop trying to fit in , stop trying to be liked , stop caring and give no fucks its a lot more fun . once that happens people will like you more for it . its funny how that worked ... hmm i wonder if the op is the dude from theres something about mary .. the walking dead kingdom hospital dexter bones american horror story two and a half men friends 5989459895 5989659893 59892 the first one was from a video thingy zombie thing ( taken just after halloween in 2011 ) , i posted the story on this thread before so im not going to bother to write ... user name tritype instinctual subtype desouza 1w2 , 7w8 , 2w3 sx / sp do you fear death ? in all honesty no i don't . i'm quite excited to see if anything happens after , you know ? it's an adventure and even if there's nothing after death it doesn't matter because well ... i'm thinking along the lines of i'm awesome by spose but then again meh maybe not dude , put me down for one signed copy i'm not even kidding .. the shut up and take my money meme would be so perfect here but i have no idea how to add photos , you're just going to have to use your ... i wish i had popcorn for this :/ i admit it , i was wrong or you could go to advanced and just click add another row before / after the desired row thing .. that probably made no sense at all but thats how i did it user name tritype instinctual subtype desouza 1w2 , 7w8 , 2w3 sx / sp just turned 17 last month .. when do people actually stop acting childish ? do we actually grow up ? just because occasionally we are called adults does that make us so or does the sense of being a ... i bet he was in the friendzone since the age of 15 ( hence why he keeps bringing it up ) but i'm guessing someone called you out basically that you have no chance or you need to move on . maybe you ... cool story bro , now go tell your mother she'll be proud .. i wonder how many more cool story bro , thingys there are i'd be the kid with tea looking out of the window wondering if i should get a social life but would probably decide against it and start sketching something near me on a napkin . it's just awesome , nothing more nothing less . i don't think it has the impact as it used to . now it's just a word people use to fill gaps in sentences and sometimes it's another representation of ... not really into pranks but its rather entertaining to convince someone a blatent lie is true , btw did you hear about the guy who killed a guy over a deep fried mars bar ? people be crazy ' bout ... always i can't remember where i heard this but it sums up what i'm trying to say you can stand in the center of a busy room yet your still completely alone basically i feel like i don't belong no ... i usually ask a ton of questions , learn everything about them , figure out how they think then leave . yeh i have a lot of trouble sleeping , it takes me like 2 hours just to fall asleep ( mostly because i get my best ideas at night ) but once i do get to sleep i usually wake up every few hours . it's ... my mum is .. usually either very angry or very calm . terrible with money , possibly a shopaholic everyday she comes home with 3 bags of clothes for herself yet the bills are never paid and the only ... it was a zombie video thing :/ and i had got near the cast of jersey shore i'd be wiping foundation off my shoes .. and to the avatar above me , how do people notice this kind of stuff ? : s 9/10 on ... thank you captain obvious xd my fascination of the moment is wingsuit base jumping , it just looks amazing . cause like come on who doesn't want to fly , well not fly .. glide .. fall :D .. who doesn't want to fall in style ? 10/10 cause dexter is amazing , you have good taste in tv shows , i applaud you . age : 16 gender : female current relationship status : single ( have been for 2 whole days , its a new record ;p ) number of gf / bf's you've had officially : 2 ( dumped you / vs / mutual break-up ... it's kind of a funny story yes it is a bad habit , my name is sophie and good urrrmmm no , circular saws attached to police shields . in all honesty i have a plan if anything apocalyptic happens , i'm in survival mode .. and another thing i hate pet names so enough of the babe and ... oh my god , the brilliance :') i could cry , its a little sad how addicted i am to anything zombie how or why or whut : s okay ? < < < le me ( i may or may not have failed french ) and now i shall explain the photo , yes that's fake blood so do not worry squeemish one , we were recording a video thing for a zombie walk thing . the ... we drink awesome shooters , listen to awesome music , and then we just sit around and soak up each others awesomeness . it's awesome . i learn stuff , at the moment its italian ^ _ ^ euugh i cant stand phone calls , i think that if your calling me there has to be some sort of information that you want to tell me . if not then do not call and me be like hi .. how're you ? .. how's this ... '