' i have 2 cats and a chihuahua / pug mix . it's really hard to say which i prefer , as it kind of depends on the day . i love them all but i'm very close with one of the cats and the dog , but the other cat ... you're right most women are like this , but so are most men . the only difference , in my personal experience , is that men tend to be more confident about speaking about some of these subjects in public ... thank you ! that's kind of exactly what my thoughts were , but you summed them up really beautifully . also , it is interesting to me how many infps are not into tattoos . i can understand a lot of the ... while i don't understand pitying others who do something that doesn't involve you or being judgmental in general , i love that there are people who feel very deeply about tattoos and want to show ... as far as 4s go , i can really see it going either way . wanting to be unique or doing something related to identity , on the other hand not getting one because it's increasingly popular and being ... hello , i'm on a prolonged adrenaline rush from getting my first tattoo last night for an early 25th birthday present . i'm curious , how do most infps feel about tattoos ? i'm curious if my ... i'm not really sure about infp for him . i guess i feel like caring about your work doesn't necessarily equate to infp and he has been very professional on the show , so i don't know much about his ... i went to a work christmas party last night . i came in on time , but decided to leave after 2 hours , with only an hour left . i've been at this company for like 9 months and i don't feel 100 % ... i think if i didn't feel the same way , i'd act a little incredulous ... even if i knew . if i felt the same way previously but not anymore , i'd say , really ? i did too . that's funny . maybe i'm ... yeah , it seems like there are a lot of sweet , ethereal infps on this site but i am not one of them . with fi , i don't know how you can't be moody sometimes . i don't think i have a bad temper in ... the tests are not 100 % accurate . it takes a little more looking into and looking inward . they're a good place to start , but i wouldn't take that result and run with it . especially with cognitive ... as a kid i had no issue putting together a list , but as an adult it is much more difficult . i mostly just ask for useful kitchen tools these days . so i don't really find this to be an infp thing , just ... well , i guess since i said i'd do this several years ago ... i recently moved into a house and it is accidentally much more bright and cheery than my dark , dark soul . : wink :: exterminate : ( <- i ... yes , this . i understand why people find politics important , but i , almost on principal , can't get into the fear-mongering and lies presented by both sides . also , math of any kind , craft beer ... dragon age : inqusition . i've always been bad at video games . like my mom beat mario 64 , diddy kong , etc and i just ran into walls as a kid and got frustrated and went back to my barbies for ... i do this on occasion , if i feel uncertain about the topic or if i don't really want to go into a conversation about it . sometimes if you play dumb , people leave you alone . i think i don't always ... i feel like i want to do numerous things but not enough to actually focus on one thing at a time . so i hope that's true . as far as milestones that are not niche related , i do seem to reach ... i complain about this a lot and it's something i used to do as a teenager , so i understand where it's coming from . i don't remember when i realized that most others are often just as weird as ... http://i61.tinypic.com/a2dbwy.jpg awkward angle ... but she's cuter than me . the fact that you think you have a problem with cognitive dissonance tells me you're not as bad as you think . : wink :: kitteh : most of the time people are not self aware enough to realize that ... i don't really think that murderers would fall under any personality type , really . that's less of a type / personality trait and more of a personality disorder . some people with personality disorders ... social media is weird . one one hand , i hate it and i think if i am going to use it , i should be as general and tight lipped as possible . on the other hand , i want to be an open book and write ... my grandmother passed away friday . i found out during work , first week on the job . sometimes i think i'm broken . i didn't really react until much later . i just kept working , then i went to my car on ... i'm originally from near asheville , nc but i moved to northwest arkansas . from the south with beautiful mountains and old pretty churches to the south with pretty hills and mega churches . ... new job new job new job . finally . i'm scared , but it makes me feel like things eventually always work out and move on . 7 ... i'm not usually the type to enjoy this kind of rock , a bit monotone for me , but there is nothing wrong with it . it definitely conveys a certain tone that gives off a lot of emotion or maybe even ... i agree and infps tend to be that sort of person , but i don't think we're the only type that is in touch with their emotions . it's just unnecessary to stereotype and assume that infps can't find ... that's nice of you , but i don't think all infps need protection , especially specifically from another type . all types have their challenges to face and infps can be sensitive but most infps can ... my grandpa died in early june . we had to drive 11 hours to get to his funeral that was honestly quickly put together by my parents . they did a nice job , but it was small and rushed . anyway , they had ... sometimes i think it's nice to start fresh threads . sex is not a big deal to me as far as ethics go . i think it does mean something and i don't think i could do it with just anyone , at any point ... dbl post i get along with people my age occasionally , but they tend to think i'm weird and put up with me . actually , i've found like 30 year olds to middle aged people with kids and stuff tend to like me ... so after this quick rant , lol , first of all i feel so much better getting that off of my chest and reading it over again . it makes me feel like i'm not the entire problem , that i'm not overreacting ... so , quick rant ... i know i don't come here as often as i used to but i still feel like this thread is such a good resource for me . it's weird . so anyway , i've been working at a corporation for ... so ... update ... didn't get a call back . my husband told me he found out the day of the interview that the other candidate was already in the same department and he just didn't want to make me ... well , he actually explained it in a lot of detail ... he just didn't ask me any questions about myself . and i don't have a lack of availability . i can start monday pretty easily . i do agree that ... i had an impromptu interview at the company i currently work for yesterday . i work from home so around 9:15 , i got a message asking if i could come in for an interview before lunch . i live a good 20 ... a friend and i ate a whole box of pizza and got on chatroulette . the web cam was bad and i was wearing a strapless dress , with a short sleeved light pink colored v-neck shirt under it . i may or may ... my sister is pretending to be into harry potter because her friends like it , which is funny because she always made fun of me for liking it . it's so dumb for me to care and i'd love it if she just ... i find myself being pretty misanthropic sometimes and i really did when i was fresh out of high school and angry at the world . the best thing i learned was that i can't control what others do and ... frankly , i don't really get the need for gamer-gate as a movement . i haven't really heard a coherent argument about it and a lot of people who support it do say misogynistic things . i guess i have ... a friend of mine from high school ( we'll call her anita , we're 23 now , she calls me a best friend ) has just become sort of ... trashy and rude . i know trashy is a horrible word to use and i understand ... someone liked this so it brought it back to my attention . whoops , married now and probably will have a child eventually ( not anytime soon , however ) . we did go to the zoo last year and pretty much all ... the world literally owes you nothing . i hate to sound like an old conservative man , but all i see is entitlement . you should work for what you have . there are systems in place if you can't and it ... i already commented , but i'm going to try all the characters i can think of 4th doctor : intj . 9th doctor : maybe intp . i really get an introverted and thinking vibe from him and i feel like i do ... are you always serious ? hell no . i handle most serious situations with dry humor . if you're religious , do you always bring it up in every conversation ? not religious and even when i thought ... it's not really anything i see , so i'm not super sure what you're asking or if i'm able to answer it but for me , i just don't really block out negative thoughts and i kind of worry about everything ... i'd advise you to really look into cognitive functions , perhaps on the cognitive functions forum . the tests aren't great for everyone because some of the questions are a little misleading if you ... i've always felt that fi was really really bad at blocking out subconscious thoughts about things like death . i think my main expression of these dark thoughts is generally expressed in humor ... i took a fb test in high school , found it oddly accurate and then forgot about it . later , i was tested in college and had always felt weird in so many words . it just perfectly described my lack of ... '