' if you would describe yourself as a 5w9 , it's likely you're thinking of wings in a purely behavioral sense . it is true that they carry some behavioral component , but there is a little more to the way ... np the reason i asked is because being nice and generous implies that you are externally that way , connected to an extrinsic rather than an intrinsic view on personality . intrinsic traits ... , if you left my name in one of the quotes when you responded to me it'd be easier for me to see that you responded , it sends me a notification whereas simple quotes don't . do you see ... why don't you want people to dislike you ? why don't you care about being abused ? why do you keep such people as friends , especially if you don't really want to spend time with them ? ... probably some do more so than others . i don't go in for self-image considerations . i am what i am and i do as i do . i am in tune with myself as a force of mind and nature , not so much as a social ... tribal / societal are more types of groupings among humans . i get that it represents a wider group , so it feels more open than a small social group , but that isn't in disagreement with what i was ... what i was thinking is the soc instinct is a distinct part of what drives you to that anxiety about how to be with others in general , and the dependent fatigue . without it at the head of my instincts ... kinda what i was thinking . are most of us responding so types ? i see i'm sx / sp , you're sp / sx .. we kinda don't care about soc anyway , nearly as much as a soc dom . dunno . i guess expectations are fundamental for judging types . i will go into social situations with no expectations and it allows me to deal with whatever comes up with more ease and find the people ... i think a better way to phrase that would be not expecting anything . there's a vast difference between low expectations and no expectations . nymphetic neurosis if you had a choice , what kind of new people would you want to meet ? what would they be interested in ? what kind of mental and / or other interpersonal traits would you want to ... pixel the ti guy responding here may come off as pedantic but he has the basic idea right - what he's trying to say is there's no actual equivalency between mbti and socionics . mbti and ... for something to be useful , it has to have an endpoint where you intend to put it to use . as an ili - - ilis ( socionics intj cognition ) are process types . that means unlike the stereotypes people ... arch is pretty nice . wasn't easy to install but was a good choice . i go mac for productivity , windows for gaming , and linux for hard computing . gotta know the internal functionality of all three for work , but that's a different story . that sounds like emotional abuse to me , and that can induce states that just aren't natural to you . sucks that you had to go through that , i've been there as well and it can be hell to get through ... i have found it easy to get lost in specializations at the cost of my true passions . since earlier this year i work at an internet service provider as a level 1 tech support rep . not always the ... possibly . personally i don't always look at the world around me to even tell these things but if i focused on people then yes , that's a reasonable conclusion i might come to . exactly . or where ... not to complicate things for you , but ni doesn't really deal with objects in that way . it looks between objects to find out how they are connected to each other - still a perception function , but ... the distinction here sounds like you defend things and others outside yourself , but not yourself . what do you actually do in those situations where people blame , insult , use or abuse you ? why do ... integration .. as i find , it just happens . when i get into something , i start by learning everything or figuring everything out . i become an expert , i understand a lot about what i'm ... people mistype every which way , though it isn't that common for a 9-5 mistype . 9 is the beginning of the work day , 5 is the end of it . more seriously , 5s aren't known for being doormats exactly ... a wing impacts the core and a fix stands alone . to unpack that : your core enneagram type is not really a singular entity . in enneagram theory i have read , it is both built from and built ... people judge each other as a matter of fact . it is a necessity felt by most in order to survive in a world full of people , to be able to tell what someone is after or what kind of intentions someone ... if type didn't matter , communication would be effortless . wouldn't matter what you specifically express , it would be treated in the way you intended it . your question requires a technical answer . you're looking for the intp department . you told the person to dump their meds in the trash . tell that to the wrong person at the wrong time and you're risking it . anticonvulsants and anti-anxiety treat two rather different things ... i'd be careful with telling people to dump their medications , especially cold turkey . while you may have points otherwise , that can cause some serious mental damage to people , cause them ... you too . bom ano . what you're looking for is the general idea of what each instinct is about . a lot of people approach it from this view that they're distinct embodiments of animalistic instincts that we have ... what if you like it that way ? oh , the kink . i wish i'd gone into law all those years back . it would've made an interesting place for my mind to go . and i wish i'd been able to follow up with formal study of sciences earlier in my life . as ... i really don't blame you . i think i am going to need to end up my own company founder , owner , or do my own idea of work somehow in the end , unless i end up in a position where i feel perfectly at ... i wish that were sufficient for me right now . i think i need more time to go back to living freely as myself , with my own natural priorities , instead of what i've come to be and do at work , even if ... it's because it comes up associated with two primary points : * areas of personal consideration to me * areas of self-questioning both of which can be pretty weak for me . i project or it ... that's interesting , because it isn't always feeling types doing that . sometimes it's people with rampant inferiors or just personality issues or whatever , and some feeling types aren't particularly ... that'd be especially fucking fair if i weren't overseas on what is a strangely big opportunity for me in this company . but yeah , you're right , i should just ask . yeah , it's whatever to me too ... it played out this way ... non made an interjection r whatever misinterpreted the interjection non didn't realize r misinterpreted it and just refuted the overt intent of the statement argument ... did you get this from people's self-reported average , your own feel about people at this site , or what ? i doubt there's real hard data to support your claim , though i'd be open to being shown wrong ... the < . < she wrote was personally oriented , as if she was peeved at her interest being piqued by something . seemed obvious to me , not sure why it wasn't to you . perhaps a difference in how we read ... it helps to explain the details sometimes . if you don't , it's clear that it's relevant but it may be left unclear how or leave out things that could help them avoid the same misunderstanding next ... it wasn't entirely in a mental way . but i would like to pursue it nonetheless , for once in my life . i believe what you're looking for is how the word is used in context . if it's used in a context where it deals with interest , i . e . piqued my curiosity , it implies one is interested . if it's used in ... i can't decide whether it's better or worse being overseas . i mean damn , i could probably have brought her back to my hotel room . and had a nice night with her . alone . fuck . i wish i could have ... i had someone in mind , and i think she's interested in me back , but she's a coworker and i really don't want to risk repercussions over here . it's frustrating . a sexual christmas sounds amazing . i would like one of those . probably . if only you knew when to respond and not respond to things . any time you post that you don't give a fuck , it means you gave enough of a fuck to make some keystrokes to express yourself . logic ... what a bizarre conversation . it really annoys me when people get so picky yet are unclear and indirect about their responses on purpose . '