' i do not own a real sand worm . 91451 [ quote =P owerhouse ; 3579883 ] abraxas 5-3- 9 abx 9-5- 3 action potential 1w9 , 4w5 , 6w5 ( sp / so ) amaterasu 5w6 - 3w4 - 1w2 antiant 5-9- 3 athena avril 7w6 - 1w2 - 3w2 axe 5w6 - 1w9 - 4w5 bethdeth ... my first time playing this game was against some friends a few years ago . • i won • they didn't invite me again negative : cool : negative . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3v98CPXNiSk a cure for your bitch face | wifey | videos with women as the subject , not the object http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QZPz6CvxnaM delete please ? come outside and play with us . the choice to be child-free is admirable , not selfish | jill filipovic | comment is free | theguardian.com i dont view my decision to not have kids as selfish , the econmy is bad unemployed rates are ... here is my story . my pregnancy was unplanned , i was 18 when i had my son . had i waited until being prepared to have a child i would have decided not to . i do not plan on having more , in fact , i ... a coworker asked me why nobody likes him , well i want to say it but i know he will over react and become hostile , and emotional . the only reason i haven't said it yet is because i work with him , i ... welcome ! also , if you haven't already try looking into the cognitive functions of each type , that may help you decide on f / t . jungian cognitive function quiz - this is the test from perc , give ... people : angry : i am finished interacting with society for awhile now , i will be retreating to my cave . thanks ! that would have been to obvious , i wanted to let you all have fun and contribute a story . it's cool though , we can all just come into this close minded . i simply provided a more realistic scenario ... how do you act during an adrenaline rush ? fight or flight ? take charge or wait for orders ? i will provide a scenario but feel free to add your own . i would like to hear what some of you ... i do not use a diary or a journal . i have contemplated carrying a tape recorder with me to help with recalling specific events . for example so and so said their birthday is next week or i had this ... i thought one of the reasons mbti was established was to help women enter the work place , maybe my source of information was wrong though . i didn't join any clubs , i always thought they felt groupish or cliquey ( yep i'm making up words now ) i couldn't ever conform to just one group . i was more of a floater or a loner , i talked to ... i do not own a microwave .. for some reason this is absurd to everyone i know . it isn't because i can't afford a microwave , i could buy one , i just have no desire to own one . i eat a salad everyday ... i always though that horoscopes just have a general definition of people and made it appear to categorize everyone . for example , one horoscope would say you will meet someone in the future that will ... i don't see the purpose of this .. i estimate this would take more time to complete then i would prefer to spend on it . i love the water , i lived in michigan for over 16 years and i was practically in the water 24/7 during spring and summer and on top of the water in winter . i do prefer a large body of water over a ... 85471 your welcome . : tongue : my enfp suggested i watch this today , thought i would share . http://youtu.be/jofNR_WkoCE i keep in touch with my family out of state and i join a few groups of interest , usually to browse through interesting clips , links , or articles . i have very few friends i actually talk to on ... welcome , we come in peace : tongue : http://youtu.be/PKffm2uI4dk i just realized the sad cat diaries link is broken , try this one . i believe the cat diaries video has been posted previously in this thread , i felt the video needed to be resurfaced . the sad animal diaries match my sense of humor perfectly .  ... i think this is more of an inj issue , isaac newton was intj and he didn't tell anyone of his inventions or discoveries for years . yes , i think a lot of intj women come to forums like perc as a refugee . we are often misunderstood as being mean or standoffish , i think after so long of hearing this , for me at least , we want to ... boomerang i have never heard an infp man speak that way . i am intrigued . raising an extroverted child . my son is 4 years old and already displays a major preferance for extroverted intuition , when i left for work yesterday he told me this . drive safe , be careful not to ... story of my life . so you have decided to treat your romantic life as research ? scalpel - check electroencephalography - check audio recorder - check pen and paper - check significant other - gone ... i have the same curiosity with infj males , i don't know any but i can't help but wonder what it would be like to date one . despite the fact it may be difficult i would like to try , although i'm ... i will buy them , but i warn you now i will probably frame you for murder or something just to have something new and entertaining to do . thanks for the evidence . obviously i have worked in prison for to long . my views on reality have been skewed by this , my apologies for the confusion . i guess the point i was getting at is i have noticed the estj and estp ... actually i'm not certain if he is estp or entp , the point was i notice more extroverts welcome confrontation and some , like my estj friend , look for confrontation . i have yet to meet an introvert who ... my instinct tells me those who seek confrontation are fools . i know a few e types who enjoy confrontation , they are sort of adrenaline junkies my mother entp , my coworkers from prison estj and ... i agree with - try to understand why - ignore - get the heck far away from the person asap i would add one thing though , before ignoring them i will talk to them and explain my point ... your holland code has been calculated as ica , meaning you are a thinking ( i ) organizing ( c ) creator ( a ) . mathematician , narrowed down to ic_ and i got a few engineering options like aerospace or ... irish the bottom right picture is from death note . male character is light , the other clips are from a different show i do not recognize . i'm curious about the others as well , i ... aims community college - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia this is one of my possible future colleges i want to attend before transferring an associates degree to a university . the program i want ... 5w6 ( sw6w7 ): sometimes i think my intellectual curiosity just makes me end up chasing my tail . 1w2 ( sw9w1 ): i feel compelled to point out what's wrong around me . 3w2 ( sw4w3 ): if i can shine i will ... actually i just left my husband today and it was just me bouncing the idea around in my head . i have been having thoughts about other men , not one in specific which leads me to the conclusion i am ... delete please you sound very infp - fi dominant . i noticed your profile says intp , assuming this is your type is there a reason you doubt your type now ? friend or family i would try to comfort them and give suggestions on how to fix the problem . offer ideas on how this could be prevented in the future . i have a good ear to just listen , which is ... enfp based on the mbti dichotomies , also i have forum stalked you a little . : cool : from my observations enfp argue points for fun , entp argue point to bring perspective . you strike me as someone ... '