' listening to tim minchin , playing some tetris , and waiting for my friend to wake up so i can go crash at his place all weekend . fun times . to meet someone that i can connect with well , a new friend , someone with new experiences and ideas to share . why am i so bad at reaching out to others ... : frustrating : well as my boyfriend is gay , i should hope that i'm not ! : tongue : though i can't say that i haven't been in the past . yet when some of your best friends include two transfolk , four bisexuals , and ... i'm the sort who rises with the sun , avoids both parties and coffee , and doesn't take life very seriously at all . where do i fit in ? people who judge others based on wide-sweeping generalizations . ah , this is one of the very few metal bands that i can enjoy every album from , very nice . might i ask why you would theorize that t's might enjoy them more than f's , though ? i could be wrong , but f's ... optimistic , laid-back people who don't take very much seriously , save for their relationships . people who are more concerned with being a good friend than being a successful individual . people who ... whenever i hear someone mention that there should be voice acting in legend of zelda , the first thing that always comes to mind is super mario sunshine . fun game , sure , but those voices ... sometimes ... inception . i know , i know , i'm a little late to the party . i had the movie's ending spoiled for me when it first came out , and it took until yesterday for me to forget what it was . a great movie by ... i haven't watched very much anime , but fullmetal alchemist : brotherhood takes the top place for me . books , to be cliché . not just any books , though ! i refer to a very specific collection of books from the lord of the rings series , which i read far too many times as a kid . these books are each over ... gee , i haven't listened to any metal in ages ... let's see what i can find ... well it hardly counts , but this was the last metal song that i listened to , and it was either this or be cliché and ... some of my favourite songs are instrumentals or sung in foreign languages , while others are little more than poetry recitals set to uninspiring background noise . i can appreciate both , on their own ... i was trying to find a song that perfectly captured that mixed feeling of nervousness and excitement that you get when you realize that tomorrow has a chance of being either one of the best days of ... well i was listening to some phil vassar , but i feel compelled to post the song before that , as it's more infp related . oh peer pressure , you so silly . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ZmNAYpLb2c i certainly know that feeling , but i'm afraid that i would disagree that it's necessarily a bad thing . i am a strong believer in the power of communication , and the people that i date tend to reflect ... a few months ago i went with my friends to a party of sorts . at this event i met an ex of mine , someone with whom i used to be very close , yet had drifted apart from in recent months . alas , everyone ... i am a big supporter of self discovery , but i am not sure that i agree with the definition that this woman has given it . to me , self discovery doesn't mean trying to be who you're ' supposed to be ' , ... i have known many dull infps , and some infps have constituted a few of the most fascinating people i've ever met . i'm not sure that type plays a part in something as subjective as interest , it's all ... true enough . to be fair , i could have been more forgiving or clear in my own post - all i meant was to say that his advice is solid , whether he practices it himself or not . given the innately ' human ' ... see : tu quoque logical fallacy . most leaders , especially those who by the definition of their office must preach almost improbable goodness , will stray from their own teachings now and then ... hmm . what is it about buddhism that appeals to you , if i may ask ? do your reasons for being interested in it necessitate joining organized religion ? how important are the distinctly spiritual aspects ... now there's a question i've never considered before . i can't say that i'm the sort who would appreciate an awkwardly romantic one-man karaoke session worthy of an 80 ' s film happening on my lawn , but ... high school ... i could never understand how some people can summarize their entire high school experience in a number of lines effectively saying nothing happened . maybe this is because my area ... i have difficulty holding conversation , speaking , opening my mouth , uttering noise - indeed , i can't even post on a good day . i am the anti-extrovert , the equivalent of an online mute , and y'know , ... haha , wow , glad you like his work so much ! i had more or less the same reaction when i first stumbled upon him , saved nearly everything i could find of his . i hope you enjoy it ! ahhh , you named so ... do it ! again , i'm not entirely familiar with the genre , but i would say that ludovico is probably my favourite composer from modern times - or perhaps ever , now that i think about it . his work is ... oh wow , again , i really love this piano group you mentioned . so upbeat ! coincidentally , lindsey stirling was foremost on my mind to recommend to you if i was asked . her music is so beautiful and ... hmm ... music obsession is one area in which i can't seem to fit in with your average infp at all . i've known a great number of infps in my time , and all of them save one and myself were avid fans of ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cg5hXAzNy3s good luck with that ! there are quite a few pages ... i must say , i kind of love this song you've posted . do you have many like it , if i may ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-qhj3sJ5qs everything , literally everything . i spend a lot of my time reading about history and current events , reflecting on the tales of the distraught and downtrodden , hearing their stories ... and it has ... alas , i can't really supply much of an answer . questions like these , planned out in advance , are much too formulaic for comfort . if i really want to get to know someone , i'll do it through listening ... i live in a basement suite , though three of the four rooms down here are empty . the room i spend most of my time in is tiny and square , the smallest on this floor . the walls are painted forest green , ... fi , always go out of my way for those i love , and i do what i can for those that i don't . i can't pass by someone having trouble without trying to come up with some way to help them , even if just a ... favourite , you say ? well i have three people who i could call my best friends , so ... here they are ! infp - an absolute gem in every aspect , definitely one of a kind ( or at least , one of a very ... not feeling particularly wordy today , so i'll keep it brief . it has all been the result of a lifetime of a combination of new experiences , social encounters , helpful friends , personality type ... of course ! it would be wrong to generalize any type , though i would suspect that infps are even more individualistic than most . so it really is a hit or miss . i just wrote what applied to me , in the ... you scored 0 i versus e , 0 n versus s , 0 f versus t , and 20 j versus p ! - infp . oh goodie , i'm hopeless . my father is an istj , and to say that we have had a bit of a rocky relationship would be a vast understatement . i'm not naturally someone who is prone to hate , but i certainly have animosity towards ... infp , 9w1 . at least , i'm pretty sure that's accurate . i can't speak for everyone , but for me i think it would have something to do with the enneagram type - i am a veritable type 9 , after all , and it clearly shows in how i handle stressful situations ... my immediate response ? keep my head down , my mouth shut , and politely do whatever it is they so kindly asked of me ( granted they are in a position of agreeable authority - otherwise , proceed to step ... only as awesome as everyone else ! no more and no less . so i guess that would make me 78.05 % awesome , whatever that amounts to . the end of the world without fire ? a zeus sexcapade without animalistic ... i can't claim to speak for all infps , or even the majority , but these are the sorts of things i would advise were i the infp in question : - be yourself . as a general rule , we infps seem to place ... must ... resist ... urge ... to flood the place with dalai lama quotes ... * ahem * ! man … . because he sacrifices his health in order to make money . then he sacrifices money to recuperate his health ... very nice post idea , arwen ! i was hoping someone would make one like this . so often avatars have a far deeper meaning than what appears on the surface , and i think understanding their choice is ... growing up , you ask ? why , i'm still growing up , and i've had quite a few along the way . five stand out to me in particular , however - for the level of their contributions to my person , as well as for ... a personal favourite for late nights , as sung by vancouver's ( canada ) very own the dreadnoughts . yes indeed , it's one of thoseu 200b nights . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PR1SIpGgmn4 i count myself as fortunate beyond words for the fact that the two people whom i trust also know ( almost ) everything about me ; and as they are both infps , they understand me ( almost ) completely . if ... '