' as an indonesian i agree with indonesia being an enfp , most of people are expected to be fun-loving extroverts here i guess i'm a 496 pstypes enneagram test results the distribution of your scores type one : 2 type two : 20 type three : 7 type four : 55 type five : 33 i have a close friend who is an enfp and i think we get along pretty well and understand each other , i just love the nf connection because most of my family members are esfps , and also an intj . and ... test results chin 35 nose to mouth 42 nose length 21 forehead 11 lower lip 1 nose width 90 eyes 45 face width 99 upper lip 94 mouth width 44 eye gap 98 * measurements are ... he's an intp infp :) i like playing instruments , reading , playing games , basketball , anime , foreign languages , sometimes writing , and cats . i haven't met an infp in real life . but if i meet one , we'd probably get along well as long as we have the same interests , or maybe just talk about our feelings and random issues :) when your parents keep telling you to go outside and socialize more because humans are social living creatures . i guess enfps . b home too , especially my bedroom . or not , at the library a few times a week . infp here , currently living and from indonesia . and yes , but i only talk about mbti with my enfp best friend , because my other friends won't even bother listen to me talking about mbti and ignored ... http://imgur.com/ghk0Tuh mine looks really weird and i wrote it with my left hand i repost it because the picture didn't appear : laughing : l-dk ( japanese live action movie ) watashi ga motenati no wa dou kangaetemo omarea ga warui just kinda bored imgur definitely attack on titan ! my friends : - enfp , but she looks like a sad one . she is like the life of the group , . - infj , she scored as infj even though she doesn't think herself as an introvert . the oldest one in my group xd ... infj mine looks really weird and i wrote it with my left hand : frustrating : file :/ / / D: / dsc _0185 . jpg 1 . i just found out the musician i love is likely to be an infp too . 2 . i recently typed my whole family as infp , but i might be wrong . my dad is probably an enfp . 3 . currently living in a sensory ... you need to be more social . i'm a left-handed infp too ! '