' when i saw the thread title i immediately wondered if it was an infj posting it . the infj in my life ( family member / friend ) is always talking about being understood , and saying that i dont ... up until 6th grade all my teachers liked me . my 6th grade teacher and i butted heads all the time . though to be honest , retrospectively i think he still might have liked me . maybe he saw my ... yes . this is an excellent point . i use logic to make decisions . but part of my logic is how will the decision make each person in the relationship feel . when it comes to relationships , how you ... i tend to say i'm good at analyzing people as opposed to reading people . i am very good at rapidly collecting data from body language , things said , and combining it with info i already have . i tend ... i took dancing lessons as a very small child . i am terrible ... no coordination , no rhythm . i'm not even big on listening to music . sometimes i can enjoy jumping around by myself being silly . but i ... i'm a physical therapist . i really enjoy it overall . there is a lot of opportunity to apply analytical skills and creativity . it's very flexible for my current life stage . ( i'm also a mom of 2 kids , ... i probably talk about my husband quite a bit . but not like you describe . it really depends who im talking to . i have 2 friends who i'm quite close to . both are married and we kind of share a lot ... like most replies , i am not great at making friends , but can be extraverted enough to connect . but yes i fade . take away proximity , and maintaining relationships becomes a struggle . now that i am ... this person sounds like an addict with some emotional issues . it doesn't sound like you are strong enough to be of help to him . not your fault , you are young and have your own life issues to deal ... i have an estp brother as well . he made my life miserable from 6th grade until he left for the army when i was 17 . i think i struggle with his personality type because the similarity to his ... i can't be bothered to research everything . but i verify before i repeat or act on a claim . and i will also verify if things interest me , bease i enjoy and lean a lot from rand on research . yes ... i'm not shy , i'm just introverted . i am comfortable with myself and have fairly good confidence . i like to express my ideas . but i can only tolerate interacting with so many people directly . when ... i started to not fit in as early as third grade . i felt this was primarily because of my high intelligence and my no-nonsense yet day dreamy personality . i was happy to be different , but did start to ... i wonder if it's a common intj problem , the tension between wanting to rearrange life and do something new , and the desire to work the plan as efficiently as possible . i know whenever i see ... i love to study history . i listen to yale history courses instead of the radio . i read lots of books about history . i find the cycles of history and culture fascinating . everything is connected ... i think this is interesting . the first panel , if it just said , sorry i'm late , id have no problem with it . in fact i think it is better than thank you for your patience because how do you know ... wow , this is just so similar to what i see happening with my friend , and even how my husband was . so for the op , i guess a tell might be that an isfj takes a long time to make a move and waits till ... yeah , this is my theory actually . supposedly he didn't want to date until he graduated and had a a job . he has had a job for several months , but it is really intense and he is still learning it ... so is this an isfj thing ? it took my isfj husband almost 3 yrs to ask me out , ( though he didn't really ask even .. ) i am currently almost absolutely certain that an isfj guy i know is very ... i find this discussion fascinating . i've done a lot of thinking on these topics and have yet to come to any good conclusions . i come from a fairly conservative background , and still maintain somewhat ... not one friendship ever seems a bit extreme . intj is not synonymous with social cripple . but i doubt very many intj's have an abundance of close friends . im a nice person . i have a lot of friendly ... i was extremely talkative as a child . so i didn't come across as an introvert . yet i spent hours playing alone , because i liked to . a lot of my play was making up stories inside my head where i ... i think viewing intj as goal driven can be confusing in our achievement oriented , ambitious society . i am not achievement oriented or ambitious particularly . and i too thought briefly i was intp . ... i'm not an isfj . but coming from a non-fe perspective : aren't you doing something for him by traveling to see him and maintaining the relationship ? if someone comes to visit me its huge . i ... have you read the thread ? in a nutshell : people are much more important than their feelings . feelings can often be temporary , and irrational . they also can be counterproductive to achieving what ... so we pretty much had the consensus of everyone who replied to the thread , including of a variety of people who identify as intj's at least 2 infp's and one isfj . frankly no one disagreed but the ... see this is another problem . you somehow assume that my asking you to value this guy's marriage relationship , is a reflection of my view of the world . i said nothing about my view of the world . you ... see this is a huge part of the problem . your views on marriage are completely irrelevant to the situation , as well as pretty much everyone's replies . but you keep bringing them up . the fact that you ... i can get out of my comfort zone without tip toeing on the edge of morality . so don't try to say you are getting him to fully live by getting him to take risks with his marriage . the risks are ... yes . my dad is an istj . he is very much an if it's not broken , don't fix it . kind of guy . if it is broken he is great at fixing it and is very resourceful . i tend to desire to optimize and ... this is interesting . i have heard the everybody's life looks too perfect on social media thing before . honestly i assumed it was my personality that kept me from caring about that , my ability to see ... yes , i assume everyone's emotional landscape is complicated . so it is hard to know how to empathize without lots of information . even for me for those i'm close to at times . for example my close ... i understand why you are so sad . actually seems much more considerate to me than i'm sorry for your loss . to me i'm sorry for your loss is one of those meaningless , something you say because you ... i think i could feel sad with someone if i tried . but i don't understand why i should try and carry all that sadness around inside of me . especially of i am not close to that person and have no way ... yes , when i try to evoke emotions for someone's situation it causes all kinds of problems . if i get my head into their situation emotionally , then their emotions change it is very frustrating . so ... the bold is a major reason i am so thankful for my husband ! all those practical details my brain just misses . as a female intj it is very helpful to have a husband with really good domestic skills ... i have seen your posts a lot before . it is so clear that you have a great relationship with your girlfriend . my isfj and i will celebrate our 18th anniversary in a few weeks , and we are still a ... this is definitely the tricky part . this unloading negative energy thing is really hard on me . i have figured out that i deal with my negative feelings by putting them through a validation ... what would you want them to know about relating to you ? i finally typed my husband , with his cooperation . he is a clear isxj , but finally solidified the f . i've always realized he was better at ... if you can handle it without being pushy , or too obsessive , you can probably try to be friends . be honest with him how you feel . he may have legit reasons for needing to be single . or he may be ... please , i hope not . i seriously doubt he is an introvert . i think part of it is that nfj don't understand how deeply ntj's actually feel . see i do prove my feelings to myself . an initial feeling is like raw data . ( sometimes can ilicit a physical response ... i think this where you dont understand us and might want to work on understanding . if you let me be right when you know i'm wrong you are not demonstrating to me that you value my friendship . you ... i don't know if it is arrogance and conceit . we are both rare personality types . and i don't think it is because we are so special . but because though we are necessary , we are only needed in the ... this has a ton of helpful stuff in it ! i love the may i make a suggestion bit . i was interesting my friend would tell me all these problems she had . so therefore i would offer possibilities to deal ... yes , this whole idea that because i believe what i think is true is true , and won't change it for the sake of harmony , i therefore am pushing my agenda . which i find fascinating , because generally ... this really resonates , drives my husband crazy . i am always pointing out the logical and scientific flaws in tv and movies . they just pop out of my mouth .. i am trying to learn to think them ... thanks ! i absolutely adore my infj , she is one of my favorite people to be around . and we find that on one level we really can get each other . then our fe te clashes . but , i actually enjoy ... the not emotionally truthful sounds definitely more infj . i am very close to an infj , and she is a strange puzzle of hidden emotions , and frequently expressed emotional responses that aren't always ... this totally cracked me up , because the part in parenthesis is so true ! and for boy enfp . intj women are perfectly capable of being loving , affectionate and fun , especially in an intimate ... '