' i would say i'm definitely a shy extrovert , either that , or an introvert . in new social situations , i'm usually pretty quiet and reserved , mainly because i'm observing . this usually leads people to ... we're usually the people asking , are you ok ? when you've had a bad day , even if we don't know you well . we are the people who make the coffee in the break room because we had a few extra minutes ... i'd say the hardest part about being an n is that most people aren't . feeling left out or judged because i'm crazy . seeing little connections , or having big ideas , epiphanies , that are really ... 1 . what does your introspection involve ? generally , my introspection is a bunch of different thoughts , feelings , or ideas floating around in my head until i can connect the dots , or draw a meaning ... hahahahahahaha . is it possible for you to sit somewhere else ? sally sounds like she has a bit too many personalities . you shouldn't have to walk on eggshells at work just because she's unstable ... he needs to stop hiding . there's nothing that makes a person more lonely than hiding a huge part of themselves . not only are you isolated from others , you're isolated from yourself as well . he needs ... my boyfriend is an istj . their simple , straight forward , attitude is refreshing to me . i like that you always know where you stand with an istj ( or , my boyfriend at least ) . as a feeling type , i tend ... re-read your post and look at what you're saying . if you want to make it better , start by changing your attitude about your husband . you'll reap what you sew . come up with reasons why you love him ... i do this all the time . it's unconscious for me . drives me crazy sometimes . i have a very strong set of values and feel that i know myself decently well , but i don't think it usually appears that way ... i don't have enough energy or focus to answer all of those questions , plus , i think everyone else already did a pretty damn good job . but one thing i did want to add , although i'm sure you logically ... i definitely fit into the category of shy extrovert . however , i'd say enfj's are also known to be cautious , and that's how i am in social situations where i don't know others well , or don't feel ... i like to be able to analyze those people and balk at the ridiculousness . i kind of love bridezillas , btw . it reminds me of who i don't want to be , and i like to try to read into those people . i ... you don't know who you are because you're always focused on who other people are . as fe's , we tend to focus outward instead of inward . we listen to other people's opinions , and never form our own . at ... i don't know about all enfj's , but i know that , for me , i am very choosy when it comes to the people i'm close with . i know a lot of people , and have a lot of surface relationships with many ... screw this day . screw being a grown-up . i feel so burnt out . so fucking tired . i want to be free , and play in the sunshine , and make daisy chains , and go swimming , and get my hair done . that is ... myjazz i thought i was an enfj at first as well , but i'm not entirely sure . i go through strange phases of being extroverted and introverted . sometimes , i'll be messaging about six people at once ... whelp , didn't mean to offend anyone with my foul mouth . or , fingers ? it's not that not-knowing my personality type weighs so heavily on me that i can't sleep at night , or go on three-day meth binges ... just because someone says something about you , it doesn't mean it's true . think about it objectively , try to take your feelings out of it . are you bored and trying to stir shit for entertainment ? are ... you have to consciously change your thinking . that's the only thing that's going to help . other people can't help you if you wont let them . other people can't change your way of thinking . in my ... i've been struggling with my personality type for the last month or so . i'm fixated on it . i don't know why it's so damn important to me , but it definitely is . when i took jung's personality test in ... you have to stop giving a shit . which pretty much means ; there's nothing you can do . step back and look at things from a logical standpoint . where will i be in a month , six months , two years ( etc ) , ... forsakenme , i think it's all about wanting to protect people and keep the peace , for me , at least . i'm sensitive , so i treat people as i'd like to be treated , which means sparing their feelings ... honestly ? hannibal lector . if i had less of a conscious , but your ass i'd feed a man his own brain . that's fucking brilliant . doesn't sound like an enfj to me . mr . x , what freaking time-zone are you in ? it's totally sunday . well , monday now . i have a difficult time being professional , then again , i'm only nineteen . i work in a nursing home as a cna , and being professional can be quite important . however , some times my feelings get the ... mr . x , is it your enfj sensitivity that's causing you to act so terribly condescending and rude ? you don't have to be a doctor to see signs of psychopathy . i don't think the op meant anything ... to be able to shift your perspective and feel / think as someone else would , pretty much just solidifies that you're a feeler . if you weren't , you probably wouldn't be able to do that . i do that as ... adasta , you're on the enfj forum . what do you expect ? we are ultra-sensitive perfectionists ; anything less than perfect will not be tolerated or acknowledged . you're criticizing a type who can't ... i don't like it when others use generalizations about enfj personalities . i think everybody can be manipulative , for one reason or another . yeah , i'll pretend that i like someone when i really can't ... i agree with blueseven's statement . i know that i don't go where i'm not wanted , if i have a choice in the matter . also , i can usually read people quite well , and can tell when they're starting to ... so here's the deal . i need to figure out how to deal with burn out , without burning out . i need to figure out how to sleep , without actually sleeping . relax without relaxing . take a break without ... probably when they stop giving a fuck . take a person who is genuinely kind and concerned for the well-being of others , take advantage of their good nature , take away their sense of control and ... i'm a girl , so it may be different for me , but i know that i always wait for the other person to initiate the whole , oooh i like you business . to me , it's not like playing hard to get but more ... i currently work as a cna . love it ! i like to take care of people , anticipate their needs , and you really can make a difference . it allows you to use your fe , and ni . to be able to think up new ways ... why do i have three different personality types ? when i take the meyers-briggs test , i'm an enfj . took a different test today , said i was an enfp . took another test , it said i was an infj . while i ... my boyfriend is an istj . honestly , we get along great . one thing i love , is that he's a different way with me than he is with anyone else i've seen him around . he is much more go go go than i am ... personally , i don't think it's right for doctors to impose their views on patients families / patients . i think that it may be the doctor's job to educate patients and families about dnrs , so that they ... shit . * grown-up option 4 - deny her friend request . do not message her . have one of your best friends delete you , add her , and then both of you can stalk her together and talk about how fat she looks in those jeans ... you never forget it . don't try to . if you're upset , be upset , you have a right to be . you can distract yourself after the initial shock wears off . but i would suggest to mourn your loss . cry . don't ... i don't think you truly feel this way , in a permanent sense . i think you're hurt and upset . i think your true thoughts about your circumstances are being diluded by the way you feel currently . hence ... if you mean what i think you mean by the contacting your friend on the dating site thing , i hate to say it , but maybe he just doesn't like you . i don't mean to be rude or insensitive , because i know ... - when you type a sentence , don't like the way it sounds , backspace , backspace , backspace , start again . - when you color coordinate your m & m's before you eat them , or eat them in a certain order ... i think it's fairly common for enfjs to hide things about them that they don't think others would consider socially acceptable . however , i know that , when it came to my secrets , i couldn't hide them ... i become especially angry when i feel powerless . my father is an intj , and he can be quite controlling . this morning him and i got into an argument , because he now wants my boyfriend to ride a bike ... the best thing i did after my break-up was lay on the couch for two days , eat ramen noodles , scream angry song lyrics , and cry . mostly the cry part . another thing that helps for the long-term ... i was in a relationship for a year . six months later , i still can't listen to chasing cars by snow patrol . haven't gotten around to burning the clothes he left . can't delete the pictures . however , ... don't be a weenie , bro . enfj's ( at least , speaking for myself and most of the enfjs on here ) are some of the kindest people you'll meet . if she does reject you , she'll probably do it in a very ... i usually expect more from people than i do from myself . and it's not in a way like , i expect you to call me before you go to sleep , have dinner ready when i get home , and text me all through out ... '