' hey , i don't really even remember a lot of what i said , but i am very happy to have guessed wrong :) it sounds like i at least was a bit unclear and hell , maybe i was in a bad mood that day . i can ... i'm here to learn about enfjs myself , so this is just a clarifying question ... did she follow that comment up with anything further ? because saying she figured you'd be busy doesn't sound like a ... wow , first of all that's impressive :) and this is stupid and it's just semantics and ornery ... but i think i'd stop calling you strangers sometime in that 30 minutes ;) again , sorry , that's not ... i'm sorry , i know this was forever ago , but i'm sure i'm not the only one that goes a month or two back in time when i start a new thread :P is this purely hypothetical ? if so , i get it , i'd ask the ... ooooh , i like that . sorry if this comparison bugs you ( i like them both , personally ) , but this is the same chord progression as if you listen to sweater weather by the neighborhood :p edit : ... hey now , decisiveness and initiative are not the property of judging types :P i'll still occasionally punch people in the face ( for example ) , it's just ill do it over something i've known for ... sorry , i forgot to say this the first time , but i meant to say i wonder if a high level of that openness factor would make it difficult to get super accurate results on tests like mbti ... i read you ... ok , so the other thing . being primarily an introverted thinker and having a secondary function of extroverted sensing doesn't suggest risk taking behavior , to me . i mean i can see the popularity of ... fascinating ... i think i mentioned this theory earlier in the thread too , but the five factor personality theory has a factor called openness that at least the one author i have read a few times ... you can't tell me that i can't tell you that you can't tell me that i can't tell you that you can't tell me that i can't tell you that you can't tell me that i can't tell you that ... ( good , ... ummm , good question . i guess it could be seen as encroaching , but really it could be taken that way any time one person asks another on a date , right ? the simple solution if he does feel imposed upon ... this post is deliciously blowing my mind ... because when saying i really have no explanation for why i [ blank ] , shrugging would be the natural gesture to make . so you are shrugging because you were ... you know , this sounds kinda silly , but since you clearly want this to happen , maybe you could find a way to get a ride ( taxi , or a friend giving you a ride ... idk ) to him and then basically come ... hey so i know i am late to the party , but you asked a question that's been on my mind lately anyway so i'll go ahead and jump in . first off , knowing infp tendencies a bit , i am especially grateful ... well , i live in pa ... i guess if that's close enough to keep talking then let me know lol . also , one time i quoted a song of his and his fan page liked my post on fb :) it was so cool here's ... do you mind if i hijack and ask a similar question ? i'll start another thread if you'd prefer :) i thought i was intp for a long time ... and the last six months or so realized that the descriptions ... hahahahahaha , too funny . it's all about geeking out over something right ? i do this too ... what do you guys think , is it possible this happens to istps when we've gone long enough out of touch ... http://youtu.be/RZNzmQQmKq4 love this guy ( astronautalis , p . o . s . is good too though ) aka that's what she said haha cinnamon , is that a dermal ? that's kinda cool . oh oh oh ... ok you're right , i took that the wrong way . i thought it was you saying that everyone should be something called fashionable , whether male or not . if someone was saying guys are ... ohh , see you're speaking my language now . luckily for you this is one of my pet fascinations ... so how about this , john , practice on me ! ( slash us ) ... what's the strategy , why do you think she ... i know , right ? can't stand those guys i think he's right ... threat avoidance doesn't seem a very likely underlying cause for the mbti preference to introversion . although in my case , that is not a very educated opinion . i have heard that ... haha , i think you'll find that lots of the guys ( shit , for that matter the girls as well probably ) here weren't looking for an excuse anyway :) but having said that , i like dressing up every now ... 241538 not much of a style i guess ... i'm wearing the hat because it's cold fyi , not cause i'm that cool :p also everything is second hand thank you ! this is so true of me as well . in fact i just recently refreshed my memory that it's just as true on the opposite side of the relationship , and by that i mean the decline . i recently gave ... oh , whoops , there i go being ambiguous . actually no , i meant when you explained why the things like gender and mbti hadn't appeared below my avatar yet ... so i was thinking of those details as my ... at first i was really annoyed you seemed to have totally missed the point , haha , but then when i read more i realized you got it perfectly , and then just went the extra mile or two ... which i of all ... ok , lighthearted and easy question , then i'll get all philosophical later ... why can i not see my gender and such displayed below my avatar when i post ? do the rest of you see it or is it a setting i ... dear delivery persons : i know you find me mysteriously fascinating ... but i ordered a pizza , not a new friend ! lol , if i tip well , will you shut up and leave ? ( i don't really mean it , but i ... ps , you netherlanderthals ( just made that up , sorry , coffee and such ) ... i have a very good friend that lives in utrecht ! she is the reason i was a bit sad to discover i am not actually an intp , ... i actually am a really great example , in my opinion ... i was convinced for a long time i was an intp . for one thing , my preference for s over n was never very strong , and still isn't . and perhaps ... hi there , i'm daniel . i am kinda half intp as well , and a 7w8 ... i work a very interesting and engaging job as a project coordinator for a telecommunications subcontractor . basically , when the big ... no clue if this is all typical , but i sat and listened to play practice at church , and apparently knew every line word for word , but refused to participate . i was too young to recall any of this ... t . w . s . s . hahaha , yeahhh , istp and an 8w7 ? devil indeed . i am a 7w8 and that's a pretty marvelously terrible combination as well cha , for real ! what did i do with that receipt ... i got a defective one ! ok i'm just observing haha , i didn't even go figure out what we were fighting about ... but i'm super curious what this even means ? i didn't even know that existed ! that is so cool :) let me first say , for a certain type of learner , being physically engaged is a key part of learning anything . it's called a kinesthenic learning style . that can make learning from books or learning ... hahaha , for whatever reason , after a long and insane day figuring stuff out at work , this is one thing i really enjoy doing after :p also , it was really gratifying to have a reason to think about ... http://youtu.be/Ct7-sayfSc4?list=PLEAA0810C4164EBF2 this entire series is fantastic . it didn't occur to me loving heists and scams might be a common istp thing , but i bet it is i want you to know how hard i am geeking out thinking about this question , keko chan ... so thanks very much for that :) this is my favorite analogy and i seldom get a chance to use it : researchers ... first , let me see if i have the progression about right . some of what i have to offer sort of hangs on whether or not i understand the progression of events . so , the following is a rough version of ... ok , real quick and dirty because you've had a lot of great advice already ... go to this link and at least sit through the first lecture ( using the plus signs next to week zero , then wednesday , ... i am basically a draftsman for a telecommunications subcontractor ... meaning i draw things with my computer and our company usually works for comcast or verizon , and the like . half of it is getting ... so , in a word , yes , i can :) but sometimes i decide to not do it . what about you ? and was there an incident that made you curious about this particular question ? it depends ... and first disclaimer is i'm pretty weak in my s preference , so i'm just as much an intp in some ways . anyway , if i liked the girl to begin with , odds are that i found something ... well , queen qualia , i know i'm pretty late to the party , but i caught myself up just now , so i'll go ahead and chime in as well :) firstly , cudos to you for thinking of the projected feelings ... '