' brand new . holy crap brand newww ; a ; + bjork , mum , it's a musical , modest mouse , frightened rabbit , straylight run , franz ferdinand , and tons of others . and i really love the katamari damacy ... fun , you say ? hrrmmm . / chinstroke you are a strangely appealing person . your writing voice ... it's like ... it's like i'm meeting a toned-down version of vetinari or something . how beautiful . ; u ; ... it's music , bro . it's meant to be listened to . ; u ; specifically , though : - as a mood-changer . when i'm down , listening to the gorgeous icelandic awesomeness that is mum instantly makes me feel ... my first thought was of the world ends with you . my second was of the tv show . clearly this thread is laden with delicious nerdy potential . kida is amazing yes ; u ; he just gets more and more awesome as the series goes on ... ; u ; trollzaya is the best . b ] that scene made me fall out of my chair laughing the first time i saw it . i had a bunch of tl ;d r written here , but the majority of it wasn't very cohesive or coherent . : ' > suffice to say that i agree with you , that i've noticed this myself , and that mbti is a good starting ... libraries , bookstores , the writing center at school , the bagel shop nearby . just movies ? pwha ! characters from books , manga , and video games deserve love , too . :) movies : mulan mulan mulan mulan . chihiro from spirited away , makoto from the girl who leapt through time . ... books . holy fuck you guys , books deserve all caps and expletives because they are fucking amazing . look at all the amazing things people can craft using words . i seriously tear up and cry at some ... i'm reading primary gain . it's a fanfiction , but it's better than 99 % of what i've seen in bookstores lately . :') the author has such a fantastic grasp of the characters ' mindsets , when to build ... http://www.modelinia.com/__wordpress__/wp-content/uploads/2009/04/behati-prinsloo-cat.jpg http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v27/winterwinds/wild6lx8.jpg ... múm is fabulous . ; a ; i just found yesterday was dramatic a few weeks ago and i've been listening to it over and over again since . it sucks how a lot of the best bands out there are the least ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=skTElvdm56o gah , don't tempt me to talk about daisy ! i'll end up writing a whole essay on this album . ; ; well , when i first popped it into my cd player and ... enfp . in no particular order : danbooru / cm / , / c / , / y / personalitycafe livejournal ( specifically yshare , fanmix , and articulate - - manga , music , and writing , respectively ) gaiaonline ( i am ... youtube - sink by brand new ( full song , album version ) mile after mile - straylight run hi , angel . c : welcome to the cafe . hello , and welcome to the forums , m . e . ! o / i want to go to the dentist . so . badly . ; a ; i need to find one nearby and get an appointment scheduled . i'm seriously looking forward to it . umm , swap out the incorrect one ( the orange box was rahxephon , not nge , wasn't it ? ) for ergo proxy , rahxephon , claymore , tenjo tenge , or trinity blood ? holy crap seriously you kids these days * a * ... gantz , ghost in the shell / stand alone complex , death note , fma , nge ( silver box ) , nge ( orange box ) , love hina , noein , gungrave , inu-yasha , baccano ! , cowboy bebop . i can sort-of-recognize several of ... you kids these days and your disposable incomes . http://i48.tinypic.com/11ccu2r.png hi my name is prism and i spend all my money on manga and video games and books and disney vhss and have ... http://i50.tinypic.com/2il21ag.jpg hey , another manga-reading enfp ! ﾟ ヮ ﾟ welcome to the forums , and please continue to use strange japanese smileys . and i second ben's question - - what manga do you like ? tell us , tell us . / pitches tent and waits for someone to bring up axis powers hetalia usa - estj japan - istj canada - xsfj italy - esxp i thought this series was completely unknown , lol . c : i'm glad there are other fans of it out there . yes . i desperately need time to relax and unwind each day , or else i get too bottled-up and tense and i'll start snapping at people in a really uncharacteristic way . just laying around for forty ... turquoise , white , and really rich shades of purple . i also love bright , cheerful colors in general . talking with people is easy for me . communicating with people can be difficult , because there are times when i fumble my words or can't articulate myself well - - i know what i'm trying to say , but i ... you answered yes to 77 of 200 questions , making you 61.5 % otaku pure ( 38.5 % otaku corrupt ) . your weirdness factor ( aka uniqueness factor ) is 13 % , based on a comparison of your test results with ... my two old ljs and my current one all came out as esfp . the entertaining and friendly type . they are especially attuned to pleasure nd beauty and like to fill their surroundings with soft ... http://i46.tinypic.com/35lw0vr.png like i noted on the paper , this is how i actually take notes and do pre-writing for essays and brainstorm and make lists and generally just write most things . i ... enfp , tied between blue and orange . i think most people , regardless of type , overanalyze some part or another of their lives . enfps might do it a little more often and a little more intensely , though . i definitely reflect too much ... to not have to deal with college applications and tuition and scholarships and auditions ... to have all of that out of the way . skip-beat's a great series . :D kyoko and momo's auditon for the soda commerical is one of my favorite story arcs in any series . speaking of shoujo vampires , have you ever read trinity blood ? it's ... hello , fellow enfp ! :) and welcome to the forums . hey there , and welcome to the forums ! o / i love shoujo ( and anime and manga in general ) , too . are there any series you're into right now ? also , singing is fabulous , and it's great to have another ... none of the single types fits me completely . > : the closest combination i can come up with is adventurous , leisurely , mercurial , self-sacrificing , and idiosyncratic . the main problem i'm running into ... 6 , 8 , and 10 are my favorites . welcome to the forums , fellow nf ! o / estp . i like the ones i've met , i just don't get them at all . ; ; this is pretty much what happens to me . : i hate being attacked emotionally , but even more than that i hate the thought of hurting the people i'm close to . smell memory - múm yesterday was dramatic - today is ok ( múm ) daisy ( brand new ) when the pawn ... ( fiona apple ) the music makes me sick ( it's a musical ) the world as we know it ( the morning of ) there is a number of small things - múm hello and welcome . o / welcome to the forums , josh ! c : i'm through with the past ( but the past isn't through with me ) - straylight run hello , and welcome to the forums ! o / we're glad to have you . '