' yes ... yes i do talk to myself > . < i've always thought that he was an enfj but it's also very possible that he is an infj . i've always felt that his personality was very similar to my mom's and she's an enfj . that amazing charisma and ... unfortunately online iq tests are highly inaccurate . the best way to the most accurate iq score is to be tested by a psychologist who has been trained to administer iq tests . thank you very much for your advice . the funny thing about all of this is that the guy hasn't even showed up for class for two days sooo i'm not sure what's going on anymore . maybe he's sick ? lol ! i am an infj and i am taking a general chemistry course over the summer to get my pre-med requirements done faster . i was really not looking forward to taking this class and i didn't expect to make ... this thread has made me start watching skins about a month ago and i just finished the first season . i really wanted to study the personality types and so far i have no clue what personality each ... i'm 20 . is that young enough ? sometimes i feel like a 10 year old other time i feel like an old person , so i pretty much never actually feel my age . yes and no . yes because some of the things that i wrote about from over a year ago were a big deal at the time but now they aren't as important . no because i like looking back on some of my ideas and ... i'm anxious because i have a test tomorrow that i still need to study for but i've been distracting myself all day because i'm sort of interested in this guy in my class and we've been talking a lot ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S7zuE-mp3rU&feature=related starlight by muse i feel like this song is infj-ish but i'm having a hard time explaining why . what do you guys think ? i know this sounds stupid but i'm addicted to sugar . i tried to see how long i could go without eating candy and i surprisingly went for 11 days with candy , although i still allowed myself to eat ... i've always really liked this song but i never really looked at how great the lyrics are . thank you for posting this song . it's wonderful and it really is a great infj song . my favorite lines are ... i'm not sure if it's the video that goes with the song or this guy's voice but this just made me start laughing hysterically : laughing : ! ! ! i love it ! it sounds like a twisted children's song or ... that sounds really similar to my experience with relationships . it took me a while to be in a relationship with someone . i have a really hard time trusting people . i just don't want to have my heart ... first of all our avatar is amazing . also i totally agree with what you said about it taking books worth of explaining . i know that comes with age but i feel like because we infjs view the world and ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rsrEXwozK-Y&feature=player_embedded love like winter-afi mad world gives me chills every time i hear it . especially the tears for fears version . horribleaesthete also , coffee sounds like a really good idea . we have a coffee shop in a food court-like cafeteria and one in the library . i don't know if i want my other friends to see us hanging ... horribleaesthete thank you so much for the advice . flipping off the cars actually did work , but i hid my face and ran because with my luck one of my professors was probably in one of those cars xd ... ( sorry for any spelling mistakes . i am about to go to sleep ) hello there ! ! i know this is going to sound lame but i don't know how i should go about asking this guy that lives in the house across ... oh i totally agree with what you're saying ! ! i can spot fake people a mile away . one of the powers of the infj minds . we are great at seeing past people's facades that hide their insecurities and ... my dear cousin who i was very very close to was found dead in a pond last month . she was missing for days before her body was found and my entire family was putting forth extreme efforts to find her , ... semiotic love by blaqk audio just say goodbye . i live . and i'll die . hooked on a star , enraptured by the sky . in love with a satellite . i can now admit , i'm lost to loveliness . who could just ... the mortician's daughter by the black veil brides : i always think of this song when i'm sad and miss someone that i care deeply for . i feel that it shows the infj's commitment to the one they love ... ahhh ! ! i have loved this song since i knew about it ( when ddr extreme came out ) and i'm an electro freak this song has been one of my favorites for years . yesss ! you are fantastical for posting this ... absolutely those two songs ! hahahh ! xd i'm going through a very self conscious time and i was kinda posting that to see if any other infjs had similar preferences in that area . so that part was for other infjs xd sorry about ... i went to prom and i really enjoyed it . i didn't go with a date though . i actually went to prom with two of my girl friends ( not girlfriends xd lol ! i'm straight i mean friends who are girl ): one ... hi ! to be honest , i really don't give a crap about the guy who is scared of me . he probably does have low self esteem . from what his friend told me , he used to get made fun of because he's on the ... well i'm an infj and my result was intp : 50 i versus e , 20 n versus s , 80 f versus t , and 20 j versus p ! ... hmm def thought i would pick an entp but that might be because at this point in my ... that was really excellent ! thank you so much for sharing that video . props for standing up on stage and performing . i would have been sooo nervous if i did that . the passion and enthusiasm about ... now that you mention it , that makes total sense . since this was a discussion based class where we studied texts that could be interpreted many different ways : gilgamesh , the merchant of venice ( one ... wow ! ! i respect you so much ! we seem like we have very similar life views and we are badass infjs ^ _ ^ . i sincerely thank you for your input and that powerful quote ! i'm going to print that out and ... oooh okay . it's not a big deal to me i don't mind the language at all ! thank you ! ( i accidentally posted this twice with different titles . i tried deleting the first thread but i couldnt figure it out so now there's two of this ... lol ! what do you mean by throw yourself into what you do and you always have to be doing something ? :) do you cry ? yes ! i am suuuch a cryer ... if so , how often ? it seems like at least once every few days i don't think i have much of a pattern . it used to be almost everyday when i was ... ok first of all i need to mention that i need to finish homework but i can't concentrate because i need to try to get advice about this because it is literally driving me insane ! this is going to be ... ok first of all i need to mention that i need to finish homework but i can't concentrate because i need to try to get advice about this because it is literally driving me insane ! this is going to be ... thank you ! i could not agree more . :) yes , i was given the test through the university of pittsburgh health career scholars academy , which i was selected as one of 130 students in the state of pennsylvania to participate in for a month ... thank you everyone for your responses ! i probably should add that i started off the year living with a friend whom i had been close with since middle school . we met in our gifted class in 7th grade ... wow ! that was very inspiring and i truly thank you again for your replies . i'm teary-eyed because it's great to see that someone awesome actually gives a crap . i will definitely keep everything you ... also , i live about an hour away from my campus which isn't too far but i don't have a car and i still need to get my license :( thank you very much for replying to my thread . it means to a lot to me to know that i'm not alone . congrats about graduating six months ago ! unfortunately , my college doesn't offer online classes and ... hello there ! i'm an infj and i'm straight edge . i've been straight edge my entire life and it is my own personal choice . i am not this way for religious reasons , to rebel , or to please anyone . i do ... welcome ! ! ^ _ ^ hiii kevin ! o . o http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aLzgTd4YDyY&feature=related that is an absolutely wonderful color ! http://artisticanomaly.files.wordpress.com/2010/06/46-shocking-pink-crayon.jpg?w=450&h=337 ^ _ ^ '