' as we have many desktops ( called activities ) here at linux kde ( the geek's wet dream ): standard : http://dl.dropbox.com/u/68298459/wallpaper/86560.jpg development : ... whoo hoo ! ( paaarty ! ) i don't believe for a minute what is said about our feelings . we have them , maybe even more than over types . the only thing is : i thought about them . a lot . the good news about this is that i ... gnu / linux with kde here yakuake - terminal emulator : i just love how it slides into the screeen from above . nepomuk - a semantic desktop organized through ontologies ? i don't need to tell ... michigan & smiley - sugar daddy don't you know that i'm sweeter than candy ? man , i'm nicer than the cakes in the pastry . don't you judge me through my nice personality . don't you judge me ... cnn's hala gorani with ponytail instead of her usual housewive hairstyle http://halafan.bravehost.com/HG-Today.jpg sorry to say , but most of the vids here give me a cardiac dysrhythmia . we need some contrast . so here's how it is , being the nation of the best footballers and gentlest women in the world . ... alice in wonderland http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pqjST_tjNag&feature=channel what ? she's not real ? lalalalala , i can't hear you . http://img84.imageshack.us/img84/5202/image0001vx.jpg wisdom of children . the 6 year old neighbors daughter was put to school and was afraid of maths . to her it looked so hard to understand . i wanted to encourage her , but got pretty patronizing by ... that was a lot of questions . somewhat untypically for intp i'm the admirable ... , i like that test : laughing : . well , a priori originated in a posteriori isn't a priori at all . they just try to claim math and logic for their side by redefining it , since they figured out , they get nowhere without it . ... i looked it up on all imaginable sources , because it's hard to believe for me either . philos . dictionaries , naturalists , freethinker , philosopher , id-guys , you name it . all the discussions there ... i'd use the term newtonian physics . nevertheless , if a newtonian style is forced upon modern physics , the outcome has at least some similarities to naive physics . so yes , it is doomed to lead ... no , we could not . we can drop that too , since that's what i meant . actually ' empiricism ' is a term i hate reading in naturalist essays , because they mostly use it as equivalent to hard science ... never let yourself be discouraged by complexity , that's the trick . we too don't know shit . we wouldn't debate it on a forum if we did . we just made the internet to some sort of external harddrive , ... i don't remember too much of this stuff , so maybe i'll have to re-read it . but wikipedia says : in philosophy , empiricism is a theory of knowledge which asserts the idea that knowledge arises ... yes , fine . as long as one knows the boundaries there's no reason not to be ok with them . maybe i located it too close to empiricism . but i still don't know how to get a positive confirmation of a ... i may be wrong , but doesn't he try to define motion in his conclusion by using a concept of motion in his premises ? p1 no motion ( rest ) is occupying an equal space as its own lenght . p2 motion is ... more like a tautology i'd say . subterraneanhomesickalien gave a correct definition of strong scientific truth . note for example the principal of leaving the door to falsification open . then , more practical : a black hole isn't ... to be honest , i think about this one for some 10 years . not that i see how using other methods than just falsificationism implies the ability of science to prove something , in a colloquial sense . i ... on the contrary , that's exactly what is claimed in the scientific community , like about any part of a scientifical theory . p . s . of course i know what you mean and you're right about it . just ... one mistake most atheists do , is to mix up scientific tools ( like observable premises ) with non-scientifical arguments ...  ... such as meta-physical arguments e . g . about the methodology of ... logic doesn't make any claims about the truth of an argument . it only states the validity of it . p1 : war against neighbors is bad . p2 : the thebans are our neighbors . k : the war against the ... alright , the semantic word belive doesn't look too good in a formal logical sentence . but i could leave it out an still have the same point : agnostics just do not assent while atheist negate ... ah , now i get you . i still disagree , of course . i perceive the difference between strong and weak atheism to be quantitative . in formal logic the difference between the operator all and some ... the functional difference is the latter being a posit , whether strong or not , the former isn't . and my terminology is the same as in your post you linked , or did i miss a detail ? ! = > not | | = > or theist : god exists = > logical posit agnostic : god exists | | god ! exists = > no logical posit / true in any case atheist : do you not believe in santa or do you believe in the non-existence of him ? this to me is the difference between an agnostic and an atheist , the latter making a formal logical posit , extending the ... that's pretty much the case with any axiomatic system . bible is true because bible seh so is a fallacy in which the term bible can be replaced with any other name of an axiomatic system , ... if that's your logical conclusion after thinking about the god of the bible , i'm fine with it . just make sure that it's not a random dogma you liked when you read it on a bright-blog or whatever . yes i am , but in a freethinking way . one has to find the truth for oneself . the only guide is that said logos inside every person . so understanding the god of the bible is by definition a quest ... to me that sentence sounded ingenious and appropriate to what you have said . it obviously wasn't plus it's completely unimportant for the topic . sorry , my fault . so please , just forget about it . you don't get that sentence just because its source happens to be a religious book ? sounds a bit exclusive for an intp , if you ask me , no offense . well , that little piece of wisdom basically says : but to us god revealed himself through his logos . because logos explores all things , even the depth of divinity 1 . cor . 2:10 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tM1-DOjxkKE&feature=related as the phantom pointed out , it's a metaphor . so forget about a literal lady literally eating a fruit . then there's a difference between punishment and consequence . imagine god saying : if you jump ... sorry , but it's the tree in the center of the garden , the tree of the knowledge about good and evil . that is exactly how the bible defines our transition of becoming humans . only through that ... no insult here . i just can't stand that haughty tone coming from both sides from time to time , urging me to answer in the same way . ok , back to topic . i never said i abandoned rationality for a ... i'd love to discuss that in an seperate thread , this one isn't made for it . but here in germany it's 2:30 am , so for now i'll go to sleep . if you too like to discuss it further , open a new ... no , it's the knowledge of the difference between good and evil . yeah , physic-books about the reason why physics exist . metaphysics ! = physiks why does god exist , or anything at all ? the bible says it's an infinity like the surface of a sphere is infinite ... yeah , and beneath that triteness about apples and naked ladies you guys know what the apple symbolizes ? it's explicitly written . you actually have read the book you're trying to logically discuss ... i believe in the god of the bible because in my opinion it is the most sophisticated and elegant explanation why anything exists and how the chain of cause and effect started . also i like the ... i shouldn't have tried it . what once was a beautiful avatar turned into a gang-rape scenery with a bunch of people watching from the background while someone gets it doggy-style . there are many ... damn , momidol , we're trying to inconspicuously sail round this topic , don't you see that ? you threw us back 30 posts at least . now we have to make up new smart-ass theories about our emotions and ... some may pity you . but after some experience i have to admit that maybe this approch isn't the worst imaginable . if you can't stand the hangover , don't booze . but don't let's get too fatalistic ... absolutely the same with me . i never ended a relationship myself . but when it ended for whatever reason , i always made sure it was a sharp , fast , complete cut . if wrath was involved , i even went ... from my perspective logosophia made a valid point . i don't buy that no-emotion-claim for one second . when my curiosity is satisfied it makes me , well , quite happy . when my grandma died i was sad ... '