' i understand this makes you so uncomfortable , but i don ’ t think it ’ s a reason to really be alarmed . the police officer in the first case was simply responding to a call from someone who saw you and ... i ’ m currently attending college , and for some reason , whenever i know i need to study , all of a sudden cleaning seems like a great idea in comparison . : o so i guess tell yourself it ’ s either study or ... i think it ’ s clear he likes you . the problem is he ’ s become comfortable where you guys are right now – playful banter , casual conversations , and smiley hellos . he ’ s afraid that if you spend more time ... i tend to clash with controlling types , but i clash quietly . what i mean is i really do hate being steamrolled or told constantly what to do and how to do it , but it takes me a longer amount of time ... this made me laugh . i know some people like that as well . while i don ’ t find bodily functions funny , i find people who find bodily functions funny , funny . ( i did word that rather badly , but i think ... i do agree a bit that it may be the dog attracting some of the attention . however , it seems you genuinely like kids , and if that ’ s the case you may come across as approachable and friendly to them . i ... i ’ ve known at least three istps in my life ; my sister , and two people who at one point were my best friends . even though they ’ re all istp ’ s , they are so different from one another . goes to prove ... i ’ ve never been called long-winded in real life . when i write , i do tend to beat around the bush and take quite a while to get to the point . my thoughts can jump around and not necessarily be ... i don ’ t watch nearly as much anime as i used to . but at some point a long time ago , i really was an otaku and would stay home playing video games and watching anime for days on end , so i still have ... i ’ ve been scarily unobservant of my surroundings before . i often walk right on by people i know , having never noticed they were there , and they have to chase me down or yell my name repeatedly to get ... i know what you mean because i ’ ve been there . i imagine many people have , so don ’ t feel alone because you are not . to share my experience , i felt this way for about 4 years . i mostly ... are you cantankerous ? abrasive at times even ? i can be . as others have said , it mostly happens when i ’ ve exhausted my reserves of empathy and / or social capacity . when people continue to ... guys , if you haven't heard of lindsey stirling , you have to check her out . ( just a warning , she does dance around a lot and it may drive you crazy , but her music is beautiful ) .   ... i agree with others who have said itx 92s important how you voice your criticism . i admit ix92m not very good at taking it in . thatx 92s because i am often so self-critical already that when someone chooses ... living in kingdom hearts would be absolute paradise . then for some reason , i have some guilty desire to live in shadow of the colossus . i say guilty because ( for those of you who havenx 92t ... playful , weird , sarcastic “ oh wise one ” ( because i help them through some things they say they never would ’ ve known how to get through and so i earned this title , apparently ) sometimes , its ... im sorry ! i just saw you replied to this , and so i feel like i'm very late answering you . but no , don't say sorry for writing a lot , i often tend to do that as well because one idea connects to ... i often type as infp and am thinking of changing my personality on this site to that . i do tend to be shy sometimes , and sometimes being around people tires me out and i have to get away from them . i ... why don't you guys like it ? one of the reasons i like sleeping is because i love my dreams ix92m also a 4w5 . ix92m extremely interested in artistic things , such as drawing and writing . i love creating and sometimes get this urge that i have to create something right then . itx 92s like an ... you know , i've been planning to do that forever . and now that they're apparently forcing everyone to get timeline , i will most definitely do it . :d ry : * goes off to deactivate facebook * wait , seriously ? it is ? i didnt even know that day existed . but cool ! i'm also a lefty and for some reason people always call me out on that , even people i dont know are like wait - youre a lefty ? ... wow everyone , i'm so impressed by everything you just said even though i understood none of it . i always wanted to learn french . :p roud : either way , welcome junal . i used to read a lot . i'm sad to say i haven't read at all lately but i want to get back into it . but the kite runner by khaled hosseini ( i think thats how you spell it ) really affected me and i did ... i hate how i can never decide on anything . i see all the possibilities , everything i could possibly do , that sometimes i become very indecisive and get nowhere . that's what's happening to me in ... :/ why would i hate sensors ? i have absolutely no reason to . the only way i become frustrated with them is when they look down on me for how i see things . like when i connect two ideas that they have ... i don ’ t feel like there ’ s enough information for me to give you a good answer . i don ’ t know why she would be crying or why she ’ d be depressed , or what kinds of things she ’ s doing that are driving you ... what if ... gravity did not exist ? what if ... animals could talk ? what if ... i could think logically and wasn't so affected by emotion ? what if ... i found someone who completely understood ... wow ! congratulations , lady lullaby hello ! what personality type are you , do you know ? and i love your avatar , rage comics are hilarious . at least , i think thats from rage comics , right :/ haha i like this question . i love animals and find myself imagining all the time what kind of pets i'll have when i live in a bigger place and you know , i can afford them . if i could have any type of ... people lie everywhere , its definitely not exclusive to chat sites . but maybe people lie more online because it's easier to do there . you aren't face to face with anyone , so it's much much easier to ... i agree with psychosteve . happiness is entirely a choice . im not an infp , but i can relate to what you feel . i often find myself in situations where i should be happy . i'll think about it logically ... no , i dont find it boring at all . i was hesitant to start reading it because - well , its a huge wall of text . but once i started , i was very interested and read it all the way through . i think it is ... no problem . i don't know that much considering i'm just 18 and have limited ( extremely limited ) life experience , but i'd be glad to try to give you insight . just message me if you have questions or ... no , dont cry ! :( smile . :) anyway , yeh , i felt the same way for a while . i kind of still do at times . joining this site also opened my eyes that there are people like me , because before i got ... haha - im not gonna lie , this made me laugh out loud . :) wow - my mother is an infj and i'm an 18 year old enfp . this is like deja vu . :) but welcome , and yes you will learn a lot here , i've only been here for a little while and i already understand certain ... mine would definitely be … erotica . 0_0 nah , i ’ m just kidding ;) . i think mine would simply be a memoir or narrative . i write a lot , so i tend to sometimes narrate my life or things that go on ... you know you ’ re an enfp when : … anything can make you tear , from sad commercials , to sad movies - even movies that are probably not intended to be sad , you will find something sentimental in it ( and ... haha no , i felt the exact same way though . i'm having an argument with one of my friends ( whats new - _ - ) and was pretty down , and when i saw this i thought the exact same thing . that i was surprised ... dear parents , i am sorry for not being the daughter you deserved . you try your hardest to get close to me , and i am always pushing you away , and i know that ’ s horrible of me to do and that it ... lol . this definitely made me laugh . thank you for sharing it . and how did you know i was having a bad day ? : 0 i will now put this on whenever i want a hug but there is no one in sight to make my ... i ’ ve had friends who went through rough patches . they would tell me how sad they were , or how stressed , and suddenly , i couldn ’ t concentrate on my life anymore . seriously , all day i ’ d be thinking ... yes , i tend to be private . it's a learned behavior though , because when i was little i told everyone everything , which eventually got me into trouble . people would make fun of what i said , turn what ... oh god ... * runs for her life * no , everyone in my family is completely different . i made all of them take this personality test , so i would know . :) ix92m an enfp and my dad is an istj . when i found that out my first thought was ... i also long for this friendship - as other people said , it isn ’ t a personality thing , but a human thing . we all need someone we can trust completely , it really doesn ’ t matter if you ’ re an enfp , istp , ... yes - i tend to do this also . i also ignore people who cause problems . but unlike you , i don't usually speak up unless they've got me really mad . i simply stop talking to them for a long amount of ... oh wow - that does sound extremely painful . well , i'm also a wuss , but i think i could put up with it , at least i hope . and don't worry , you always have those paper tattoos that you could put on and ... '