' my sense of humor is a lot of play on words , causing awkward moments , and lots of sarcasm . lol so i finally blocked this guy out of my life permanently , who is known to me as many bad words . i'm glad our friendship never went offline . i'm not giving all details , but i will say the reason why ... i was 13 when i dated my first bf . course , i didn't even get my first kiss until bf # 3 , and that was just a peck . and not really , the first 2 bfs lasted a few months each , bf # 3 lasted over 2 ... yes - - and it was absolutely horrible . i knew he didn't love me , but for a while i was in denial . when i finally did it , i was definitely more upset about it than he was . cloudfire thank-you ! <3 i'm sorry that happened to you . silly people sticking to their own ways . * sigh * but then maybe , it wasn't meant to be anyways . still , her loss . i wish you well in love . : 3 there's also this statistic out there ( can't remember where , but it's something like this ) that says for every 2 women going to college , there's 1 man , and men are more likely to drop out . shoot , i ... i guess you could say i have a bit of trouble with reading and writing mainly because i get distracted by the pictures in my head . but yeah , i'm a horrible speaker because i think way faster than i ... a ) young and hopeful , horrendous tragedy happened in this guy's life , loss of hope in the aftermath b ) sly fox and happy , life is going out of control , mugshot c ) happy and hopeful , in a daze , ... i love cats and coffee ! my bf is infj and hates coffee and is uncomfortable around cats . oh well , more coffee for me ! : 3 i went to wally-world with my boyfriend , and this guy that was about to walk past us gave us a very creepy smile . like one of those smiles you'd expect from some psycho-path serial killer . he ... tempura udon , cheesecake , sushi , and spaghetti . course , the non-dessert stuff were left-overs , so i ate what i could get . xd very interesting stories , so far ! : 3 looks like this thread is going to get interesting . ^ . ^ these are 2 of my most memorable ones : 1 ) when i first saw my so , it was like i instantly felt that ... i remember them like it was yesterday , almost . shoot , the first memory i recall is whenever i went to go see my sister right after she was born . i was like 17 or 18 months old at the time . i remember ... why do you consider yourself a loser ? you might be a little weird ( the awesome kind ! ) , but that's a good quality in my book ! : 3 life has its ups and downs , and sure , you're in the down-time right ... i don't care if you make a mistake , and i'll probably laugh at you while you correct others for the same mistake . the second you belittle and / or condescend upon those people is the second i'll ... knowing that i'm so loved by the people who influence me the most . also , making other people happy gets me all giddy . ^ . ^ spread the love ! : tongue : 1 . what is the sole reason you get up in the morning ? i'm practically starving when i wake up , so ... well , there's that and reflecting on a new day while watching the sky . 2 * . how do you feel ... i usually say what i'm thinking if i'm trying to figure out an inner emotion or if a topic completely confuses or upsets me . otherwise , most things i think are never uttered . though , it is quite ... hiding in my room ... > . > < . < seriously though , if i'm somewhere , it's somewhere rather quiet , like a library or study room place . you won't find me at a bar or a club unless i'm with my friends , ... have you run into a door while it was still being opened ? that was always my worst fear when i was in grade school and it happened so many times . and yes , walls , poles , those handicapped signs , and ... this is why i don't post much . lol xd seriously , though , i really don't post much of anything to regret it . i've very much found my path of life . it's a rocky start , but i know what i want to do in general . my life is to serve and please , so what better way to do both than to help people live their life to ... friendship or dating , if it's done and over with , it's done for me . i give hundreds of chances , and i still consider them a friend because people make mistakes . but , if it gets to the point where i ... if it makes you moody , you might need to try a different brand of it . i'm on my 5th or 6th brand of the pill , though it doesn't seem to make me moody which is good . ^ . ^ though , i have pcos , so i've ... to me , watching porn is disgusting because it isn't real . i've had male friends who would watch it nightly and had it ruin relationships because the girlfriend didn't meet the porno standard or ... long story short : i'm fat . i eat healthy . i work out daily . all of these combined for the past 3-6 months = i still weigh the same . the only difference is i might have lost a half inch around my ... here's mine : personality profile / it's so hard typing me because my s / n and f / t's always come so close together . my so has the same issue . lol i hate being unable to handle simple stressors . too many projects due in one week ? ok * mind shuts down and motivation lost * doesn't help with my stupid hormones acting up again at the same time , ... i'm ambidextrous . i do all the sportsy kind of stuff with my right side , and all the writing / artsy stuff on my left . though , that's probably because i was mainly forced to play sports right sided , as ... i feel so happily in love ! my boo is the sweetest ever ! <3 ~ ~ ~ to those who aren't as happy : draw , talk , or write out your icky feelings , then go out , get some sun ( or play in puddles in the ... the way that was described made me think of some really bright flashy commercial selling something to cure such a thing , and then proceeded with some sort of horn like thing to be inserted into the ... yeah , i can see that too in girls who say it's very difficult to fall in love . it is very easy to fall in love , it's just i choose not to as i want to know the person before i actually allow it ... i've only dated 4 guys in 10 years , and i'm almost 23 . so what you say about women like me might be true , it's definitely waaay off from me . i only fall for guys that i have a strong emotional connection to as i'm rather cynical of people in general . though , i tend to scare off potential suitors since i'm such a hopeless and intense ... oh , i agree , but worthiness seems a bit too strong of a word for me . reason being is that i'm quite picky about who i'm with , but it's because i really don't want a one-sided relationship , as many ... 91 % higher than 86 % of my peers . though , i'm very pain resistant , and caffeine doesn't really affect me either . i may be sensitive to sensory things , but i rather enjoy it , most of the time . loud ... ^ ^ ^ looks yummy guys ! as for me , i had chili , despite it being warm outside . i usually make it ( or my mom does if she kicks me out of the kitchen xd ) when it's cold outside . but meh , it's ... i'm biased , but i have to say infj because as an infj myself , i usually find myself trying to make the love between my bf and i more intense and special . i write poems , draw , sometimes even sing for ... i'd say i'm blue violet , because i've always loved watching sunsets . right after the sun climbs over the horizon , it leaves a blue violet color , which fills me with such serenity of a cool and calm ... if i'm forced to be in the public ( aka school ): usually sitting by myself , watching people like a creeper . xd that , or drawing , reading , or writing . if i'm sitting with people , it's usually one or 2 , ... dear people who stare at me funny , please continue doing it , as it amuses me more when i make a weirder face back when you finally notice that i have been staring at you too . xd i promise i'm not ... frustration , helplessness , and powerlessness due to my situation , but things are looking up ^ . ^ ( doesn't mean i really , really loathe these emotions ) i really dislike causing or feeling like i ... personal ~ * you can call me keli * female location - metro atlanta , georgia - i'd go see my boyfriend , and i really don't care where . xd though , i do like the beach . age - 22 and i act ... '