' to be honest i don't really have any preference , i enjoy both equally . i find that books can take a little while to get into , but are much more rewarding overall . however , with most games you ... i honestly can't remember . although , i did refuse to apologise to somebody a few weeks ago . note : this was a rare occurrence , i do apologise if i think i've upset someone or made a mistake . what is a party ? all comes down to depth or breadth in my opinion . both have upsides and downsides . i'm playing as a nord , he's just wearing some kind of mask . screenshot 1 - character screenshot 2 - electrocuting some guy with fingertip lightning . i've noticed these forums / communities too , they often boil down to one big circle-jerk . the appeal probably lies in the fact that it's a rather rare type and people want to be unique , along with ... in silence , or with some quiet ambient music / background noise . i imagine the percentages have stayed fairly constant , however earlier civilisations simply may have been unable to support a large number of the other types . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3L-bTza_7-I i used to have three big plastic bins full of lego , would play with that stuff all day . speaking of which : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jitDWAx6_eA chipps how does she pronounce bagel ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EDQyUqsCLXA probably the one who deemed me too ' unsocial ' to live away from home . she'd also constantly ask are you alright ? and always tell me to smile ! ! makes me shudder just thinking about her .  ... - delete this / double post - great compilation here . it's only an email , not a perfume-soaked love letter . good episode , but something just didn't feel right . can't quite put my finger on it either , i'll have to re-watch it a few times . no . i mean , who butchers animals in a shirt and tie ? i usually read non-fiction , generally relating to my current interest . i do tend to be fairly picky in regards to fiction , but if i do find a book or series i enjoy then i'll spend a huge amount ... yeah , i'm a huge player . checkers , chess , noughts and crosses . you name it , i've played it . i'd also suggest studying ahead , i slacked off during secondary school because i found things easy . however , when i entered sixth form ( 16-18 ) things were much harder . whilst this may not be ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xxbOi4EXqz0 http://i.imgur.com/o97tP.png let's saddle up and confront this issue , you'd best take the flank . i really think you should logo of this . seriously though , sign puns ? their advertising team really does seem to have forgotten about the show's target demographic . the old billboard was similar too : ... sure you could , there's no need to be such a neigh-sayer . choose one with a really irritating alarm . i did this , now i wake up before it goes off just so i don't have to hear it . just one , although it may be a very dark blue . if i'm expected / required to look neat then i will be ( interview , fancy restaurant etc . ) . but i won't bother if i don't need to . why would i need to be clean-shaven to pay a visit to tesco ? no thanks . works all the time for me , it's not an excuse either . i used to enjoy firing metal ball bearings at my brother . i believe intjs feel just as many emotions as any other type , we just don't express them too often . as for your questions : i personally don't have too much trouble , it can sometimes take me a ... read through many descriptions and looked up ( still am ) the cognitive functions . i also found reading through each types forums to be useful too . whether i'm actually an intj i do not yet know , ... i do the exact same thing , i bought several books whilst away . i've not even finished the first one , yet i keep buying more . you're in luck , season 2 starts this weekend . i'm pumped . i can perform adequately in most social situations but find it very tiring . however , because i rarely choose to involve myself in them , most people think of me as a socially inept simpleton . i see it as follows : ne can be seen as divergent , generating a series of possibilities . ni can be seen as convergent , distilling an idea / object down to its true meaning . have any of you read man and his symbols ? quite an interesting book on dreams . here are a few i've been using whilst looking into python : learn python the hard way dive into python ( also downloadable for free on android which is useful . ) python documentation django ... here are a few stanford classes you can sign up to : intro to ai intro to machine learning intro to databases http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_zn3N-TEul8 why ? depending on what i'm buying i may have a go to brand which sets a benchmark of sorts , but if i find another brand which sells a superior product i'll purchase from them . i just used to wear my normal clothes , i'd reply with mugger when asked what i was supposed to be . i really enjoy the show too . although i'm still waiting for season 3 to come out on dvd , not actually seen it yet . you should have got one of those crazy daisy sprinklers , those used to be all the rage . as for images , my pictures only had these two : 19538 19537 how about : - breaking bad - arrested development - firefly - farscape - dexter - battlestar galactica - freaks and geeks ( yes it's a teenage / highschool / comedy-drama thing but very good ) - ... here's mine : http://i.imgur.com/9p0Iv.png bananas . the skins could be used for both armour and as a weapon against the non-believers . i'll often start writing out a post or thread only to delete it . i usually realise that it won't lead to anything or doesn't really contribute to the discussion . i'm about to start psychological types by jung . but after watching the tv series of game of thrones i'm tempted to read the book ( s ) instead . guess i'll do both . '