' use logic against an intj ( or anti logic ) to make them see the ways it's good for them . enfps are easily manipulated if you make them think they are manipulating you , like a reverse puppet master . one , kind of hard to talk to me when you don't know me , so yes , you will not talk to me . two , you are communicating with me by replying to my post . three , you ignored my other points , thus implying ... to me , they are more the rule than the exception . when i expect an emotional outburst , it's because that's what i am aiming for . though i can easily relay gentleness , i prefer doing a verbal slap o the face . it's much more effective . thus , i don't ... i am not seeing where you find that , in this post or the forum . you are heavily generalizing , for one , and trying to speak for entp's as an isfp . the logic is not with you here , nor is emotional ... step 1 : come out and say it . we like when people take the direct approach . makes our lives easier , because then we aren't the only ones being direct . step 2 : don't overplan , we don't generally ... i genuinely concern while wearing a mask . the metaphorical mask only covers up a portion of my metaphorical face . if you know any entp's , you'll notice that just because we know how to manipulate and destroy people , doesn't mean we will . for instance , the fact that i know how to make an incredibly powerful ... say does this dress make my butt look big ? enfp will say no , of course not * insert sly subtle pick up line * entp will say why do i care ? that technically , since pluto is either identified as one of the major planets ( scientists are debating again ) or minor planet , no matter what it is identified on , it is a planet . ah , if he doesn't have a well developed fe , then the high running emotions may be making any things that frustrate you just confuse him , which would frustrate him . well , i'd personally need more information about what you are wary of when it comes to entp's , because i may be good , but i can't read the mind of someone whom i have no knowledge of . well , if he truly is an entp it's not the chaos . if you ever walked into one of our rooms you'd know what i mean . personal tip , bring it up with him . although i cant speak for other entp's , i ... if he's an entp i have no idea how he would not understand the metaphorical talk . theories are our bread and butter , and metaphors are just plain fun . you sure it isn't something else ? the ones i know don't exactly resist it much , it just can't be an extreme thing ( obviously ) . they'll know ( especially if i tell them what's happening just to mess with them xd ) but that doesn't mean ... thats difficult ? if different from different is normal , everyone is different , and i am very different from everyone else , am i normal ? wing it , that's pretty much it . specifics ? death , death everywhere boredom is a powerful thing politicians . this outcome is due to the constant mistake in which people mistake chaos for evil , when they are two completely separate things . in fact , entp's are mainly anti-heroes . from my personal experience , ... this outcome is due to the constant mistake in which people mistake chaos for evil , when they are two completely separate things . in fact , entp's are mainly anti-heroes . from my personal experience , ... never take anything i say seriously , including this . 1.yes , it is manipulation . 2 . i dont understand the meaning of the question marks . 3 . out of the boring job . to use a better term , assignment . stalin was idea oriented and didn't care much , ... somebody hasn't heard of entp charm for one . read the cognitive functions mate . it might clear things up for you . entps and their 8 cognitive functions for instance . entp's do have extraverted ... i believe i can answer that . here are some examples that i have personally done . 1 . a friend is sad , stubborn , and irrational . now , say that it usually takes them a day of this to get back to ... if i threw 1,000 , 000 dollars into a pit of entp's , what would happen ? people know they are being manipulated all the time , ' tis still manipulation . i don't need to be with others , quite the opposite really . people seem to need to be with me . oh well , c'est la vie . as for why i am extroverted , i'm not , i am obviously closed up , quiet , and ... yeah , when people judge people by their social skills i laugh a bit . for instance , some people trust me and think i am better morals-wise than an infj i know . what they don't understand is that i am ... and this is how you find real infj's : tongue : i knew it was a matter of time before you all exposed yourselves effenelle i think i can answer your first question . they are infj's , having a thread like that is too direct : tongue : axel ( from kingdom hearts , my avi ) iron man / tony stark 10th doctor from doctor who jack sparrow or we are because we want you to be afraid . why not both ? socially awkward ? how dare you sir . i am not socially awkward , people simply come to me , so i feel no point in showing effort into befriending or speaking to others who do not . one word , chill just whip one back . the answer to the question is deep within your bladder i think the real question here is how are they friends with me then : laughing :: laughing : i mean , i get how i count them as friends , but ... regardless , this all seems correct . it makes no sense to me , ... i know , still found it amusing . * catches breathe * so i skimmed most of this then reread . i can trying relying acceptance , but to be honest , most of that confused me ... as to 2 . , i've read a few places that they overreact when ... look for that girl in the corner chanting satanic messages : tongue : aizar that's probably the first and last time i'll ever be told to use dog training on a person xd i'll try it , thanks . vivid melody alright so leaving them alone ... ugh , asking so much :p as for ... i am positive i am not confusing myself with sol , for i am me . xd no , right thread , my power compels you :p saying i need to get over myself is synonymous with calling me arrogant . as for the 4 letter combo thing , i understand that , but the people i described fall under the quotes i sent you . as to why i ... thanks ! :D i find it is easier to help people when i understand the reasoning behind their actions . i kind of wish i could thank that a few more times . sadly , from my experience , that is typical . '