' and here is my lighter side ! ! 93304 93303 me and my amazing son this ! ! ! couldn't have said it better myself . welcome to perc ! ! ! always glad to meet another nf .. tell us more about yourself ! what do you most like about being infp ? and dislike ? sidoba approves of this thread ! ! ! first and foremost ... i love my son ! he is the greatest gift i have ever received . so smart , funny , and full of life . he definitely gives my life meaning . ... welcome fellow amazing enfp ... i have to say , music and nachos sound damn good right about now ( as i eat a can of healthy soup on my short lunch break at work ) . i will leave you with one of my ... i am an enfp and recently fell in love with an isfj and i am trying to give us the best possible chance of succeeding . i am trying understand how she is and meet her expectations and not overstep her ... i had one in my bathroom last year . i let him stay there as long as he wanted . we had an agreement . he knew his territory and i knew mine . i finally relocated him outside when he got too big and ... whether the op realized it or not , there was an attraction of some sorts there in the beginning . i agree it is a shallow indicator for a substantial relationship , but in the beginning a level of ... i completely disagree with going the friendship only route and waiting for her to figure her situation out with the other person . it is hard to put attraction on the back burner and focus on a ... i did not mean to trivialize social anxiety disorder . i apologize if that is how i came off . i can't speak to how it affects individuals because i do not experience it myself . from what i do know , ... let me ask you this ... if someone did think you are a fool , is it the end of the world ? do you put that much stock in what people you don't know think of you ? that is no way to live life . you will ... krav maga is scenerio based fighting that involves striking . it employs a closest weapon , nearest target striking philosophy . as much as i really like krav , with the advice of my instructor , i ... where abouts in the middle east ? one of my buddies is from south africa ... it annoys him to no end when people think his accent is austrailian . i just laugh cause he rolls his eyes when someone ... welcome ... glad you could join us . were you born and raised in south africa ? and do you have that awesome accent ? i am 35 and my friends range from age 23-45 . as for dating , being that i eventually want another kid , i usually only date women younger than i am cause i am not just dating for a fun . the older women ... hi welcome ... glad you could join us ! welcome , we are glad you found us too ! here is a good post to find where to discover you socionics : http://personalitycafe.com/socionics-forum/116599-socionics-tests-links-resources.html what is your favorite artistic medium ? welcome to perc ... glad you could join us ! ! ! slim to average . honestly , i do a lot of work to keep in shape , i prefer the woman i date to have some dedication to staying in shape . i don't put much stock into if someone i am friends with is male or female . it honestly makes no difference as i treat everyone of my friends the same . i will listen to them , engage in converstion ... i am all about the rambling ( being an enfp , i do it quite often ) . that is awesome that you are so dedicated ! i hear kendo is pretty time consuming . i really don't know much about it though . ... if i have a connection to someone , its on ! ! ! if i don't , aw hell , its still probably on , but there is a chance of no . welcome jill , glad you could join us ! ! how do you like kendo and tkd ? my best friend is testing for his novice black belt in tkd this month . i am currently training in krav maga and i have to say ... welcome new friend ! glad you could join us ! your username is awesome btw . i am due to be 36 in the next two month . my early 20 ' s were wreckless but fun . no direction in life , no worries , no cares , just lived to have a good time . my late 20 ' s i got married and started ... thanks beautiful , this totally made my day ! welcome ! glad you could join us ! ! ! tell us a little about yourself ! to make it easy , i will ask some questions : where are you from ? what brought you hear ? do you believe aliens exist ? ... yes ... toward the end of my marriage , i was a doormat to my ex wife . welcome , glad you could join us ! welcome , glad you could join us ! yay .. another enfp ! ! ! glad you could join us ! ! ! :-) welcome ! ! glad you could join us . there is no reason to be hesitant ! most everyone on here are pretty good with welcoming newbies . you should have no problem jumping right in and joining some ... welcome maiden , glad you could join us . welcome ! glad you could join us ! welcome ! ! ! glad you could join us ... i can't speak for anyone else , but i am doing well tonight . welcome ... glad you could join us ! omg ... now i am gonna have to plan a trip to portland just for one of those ! thanks a lot .. i am gonna be thinking about those for the next little while ! lol you should start a voodoo delivery ... i live in the absolutely most non-rainy section of the state . i am in the tri-cities and its a desert over here . you most likely pass right by me going to spokane . i love portland .. voodoo donuts ... welcome fellow enfp ! glad you could join us ! he is like me . he is completely an extrovert . he would prefer to have people around him 95 % of the time . i would even venture as far as to say he is an enfp ( i know it is too early to tell ) but his ... welcome ! glad you could join us ! i just drooled on my shirt a little bit when i read that .. thanks .. now i look like an idiot at work ! lol welcome fellow enfp ( possibly ) glad you could join us ! welcome ... glad you could join us . this sums it up best ! if you have something valid to the topic to contribute , post it . i know i look for perspectives of other personality types in all the threads i start , post in , and read . every enfp i know needs some alone time to reflect and recharge . it is actually important that we do that . what you are experiencing is pretty normal for us enfp's . nutella ... ' nuff said ! ! ! welcome ! glad you could join us .. thanks for the very informative info . i feel sorry for the next person that asks me what i learned today is ! '