' hmm , well , this might be a crappy example because it makes fe look bad in a way , but maybe this will help ... fe-dom can sometimes feel like pressure to me . there was one time in college where i ... yikes . why did you decide you can't be together ? i was going to say that it's usually better to just cut bait and end it to avoid further hurt , but you said you have to work together , so ... ( maybe ... i first wanted to say yes , but maybe they aren't as focused or aware of them as us . but , then i thought about my zen istp husband , and i can't imagine he is feeling stuff as much as i am . i guess ... branchmonkey - wow . thank you . that is some hard shit . i honestly can't imagine what you have been through . another would have easily collapsed under all of that weight , i'm sure . the fact that ... hello , i'm going to need a copy of that video project . :p opcorn : neutralchaotic - what you say is really good . reading this is very helpful to me . deep thinkers - yeah , i hear ya . i'm sure that why we like those intps so much because they ti while we fi , ... and , you know they love it . they love that they are seen as enigmatic . sigh . umm , i just read this . this is amazing , by the way . i love the grey space of mental fluidity - lol . nothing for me to add here . only to echo what entheos said about looking into ti is good . i think ti is easier to understand , and they are pretty similar . and , heroindisguise very good , ... hmm ... that's a good filter . i will try to remember that . i think subconsciously i do it . still , i think it's hard for me to know if it will hurt or not , so i err on the side of hurt and don't ... neutralchaotic - yeah , it is so hard for me too . do you think it is prideful not to share ? i wonder if i think about it that way if it might push me to share more .. ( although , i guess i have ... ya , people like us the longer they know us , it seems . as much as i want close friends , i really don't want to share , but i do want to be known . i feel like there may have probably been ... lol . why are we like this ? ! dlb - hmm , you know , i think it depends on the stranger . do you mean actually sharing in-person ? are these people you will never see again ? i think i get what you mean though . i think it comes ... neutralchaotic - so true what you said about the feelers rarely being straight with each other unless the other person asks . i could have written what you said - tiptoeing is exactly how i feel ... i think i'm pretty secretive in my real life . i really don't share much of myself with others to the point where basically every single relationship i have ( except my husband ) is one-sided . no one ... i feel that is a very bold thing to say out loud , and i don't think i could . thank you for asking ! he is supposedly going to look at a dreamland dumper on friday . i'm sorry if i made it sound like a bigger problem than it actually is in my initial post . i probably was ... so true ! ya , my istp says to just do it . he is male - istp or not . if he doesn't want to mess up the arrangement , he will be nice . as infp with two close istps , i would imagine we probably would be the ones to check-in first in that ne sort of random way . although , my husband did just message me and said , oh , i forgot to tell ... ya , like entheos . it just happens . i automatically do it in my brain and can't stop myself . if i am confused , i will make them take the test to give me a jumping off point . it's one of my great ... istp loves the gym , so sometimes i will drag myself . usually , what happens is i go once and get super into it ( let's go every day ! ! ) - - but , when the time comes to go again , i have lost complete ... loved this . thank you ! yes , my tritype is 692 , so i am sure it attributes to my passive ( ugh ) behavior and way of being . this is scary to me , but i will do my best to beat it into myself . wow , after reading all who have posted before me , i have very little to add . i totally suffer from social anxiety . but , it's random . i agree with entheos - i usually feel the fear and do ... that's funny . my istp husband and i just got in a tiff over whether or not she's a p . he thinks she's a j . he'll be glad to know that you agree . ha . she could be , i guess - or , at least on the ... could you give me an example of a decline that wouldn't be lying ? my coworker asked me a week or so ago , do you go by such and such road on your way home ? and , the suspicious part of me felt like ... vive - thank you so much for your thoughtful reply . yes , definitely . i think another part of the problem is , as i posted above , is that i really don't know what i think yet in full ( or how i ... yes , i definitely struggle with self-confidence . i try to be assertive with my boundaries , but it usually comes out awkward because i am so anxious . it is also difficult for me to know what my ... this is called istp dreamland . nothing has even happened yet . he is looking up houses to buy and wants to tear down the whole thing and make it new : kitchen , bathroom , landscaping , basement . ... owtoo - ahhh , what are you ! i want to know . ( based on very little ) you seem quieter and more introspective than me - traits i probably attribute to 4s and 5s . i guess it always comes down to what ... i only do this with those who are very close to me and / or i am 99.9 % certain they would be interested in whatever it is . it is a way of sharing my life with others . i do not force it as i would ... haha . i did suggest something similar to that actually . i said ... what if we were to budget things so i could stay in an apartment while he does the major work ... while this may still be an option , ... yes ! 1.5 years ! that is the hell i am trying to avoid . lol . no room renovations of ours have been successfully completed . as for proven ability , istp would probably say yes - as he has ... ha , i love your uncertainty ( humility ) ! i don't really know either . he loves researching and seeing the possibilities . i think i am like that too , actually , but one of us has to lay the smack down ... i'm phobic 6 and struggle with speaking the truth at times when i should . i truly have a hard time discerning when to say the truth out loud or even what the actual truth is . for example , a ... i was afraid of that . yeah , we argued about this last night . it's not the end of the world ever with us because we are both flexible ps - seeking our own and stubborn in some ways , but still ... i noticed that i have a lot of 9s and 2s in my life - most of which i have intentionally collected for myself . i am curious about the other types , but i think that when it comes to my need for ... i feel like they can always see straight through me when i pretend not to notice someone being a jerk to me . haha . it is very uncomfortable . entps seem to detach so easily . i wonder about this as well . i just posted on the infp forum about 6w7 ( wondering if instead i might be 6w5 ) . i am pretty certain i am 6w7 like you , but i also seem to identify with 5 on its own ... too late . and , it's not that he's incompetent by any means . it's the speed at which things move ... i can't get into them solo . they often smell funky to me , and i get bored . however , if i was with someone who liked them , i think i would do my very best to catch his or her wave of inspiration and ... i preferred to commit asap regardless of any potential issues i might have identified prior to committing . something about a spoken commitment made me feel like there was an added coverage and space ... i agree with this and with what others have said about fi being interesting . trouble is , interesting can get to be exhausting if you aren't being transparent . is it that fe just hides less than fi ? ... https://www.typologycentral.com/forums/enneagram/83022-269-692-926-samaritan.html this cites some differences . both the 469 and 269 tend to be passive . the 269 is more ingratiating . the 469 is ... thank you ! yes , i am definitely 6 . just not sure about wings . but , as you said , there is a ton on core type that i still need to read . thank you for linking me . that description is completely ... do istps like renovations ? i think so , yes . why ? being a p with a p , the whole idea of renovations freak me out . my istp loves bopping around ideas , getting a good deal , showing me how he could ... lol . i was going to write you an affirming note , but since you are better now i will respond like your istp and say nothing nice at all . my istp doesn't say thank you as much as i do . i am queen of thank you , and he replies , you don't have to thank me , twirler . every . single . time . i think he only may say thank you now because i ... '