' i like hugs from people i like ( whether or not i know them very well ); but that's about all i can stomach . cuddling makes me feel trapped and intensely uncomfortable unless it's with a partner , and ... what types do you get along with easily ? i really seem to get along with entps and enfps ( even though most of my friends end up testing as infp ) . i also get along with fellow intxs quite ... i realised that i only have 2 or 3 actual friends at this point ; and i've lost closeness with the others over the past year due to natural distancing or one person fucking things up between ... unfortunately , my cat broke one of the lenses shortly after that day . http://24.media.tumblr.com/314076f8fcbf1e66fd088b011b6c53db/tumblr_mjfc9p3aQM1qj3yfno1_1280.png it's been a while . ' sup . i listen to my own music over and over , because i can't believe that i finished a thing . and furthermore , like the thing that i finished . graficcha tumblr's sj group is such a shitstorm , eh ? i can't stand these people ; they give everyone else who is either a decent sj activist , or related to sj purely by being part of an oppressed ... heh , why thank you ! http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lzs4nshidw1rpvs0oo1_500.gif i suck at debates too holy shit not true , there are plenty of trans men who discredit and shame trans women and non-binary trans people and their struggles . it's patriarchy that makes it so shitty to be a woman ; not hormones . if the solution you proposed were to be a real thing , new prejudices would develop and people would be shoved into some other , if ... eh , i dunno . i think we can have pretty animated faces , but it's more of a conscious effort when we make them . or something . it's my season gift to you . have fun . 56753 i sent this to all my friends half an hour ago . heh , thanks ~ i looked like a k-pop star today ... 55664 i'm suddenly starting to fall apart very rapidly , and it's scaring the shit out of me . part of me wonders if this is the teen angst that was left un-angsted rushing to meet me before i'm not a ... http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mdtbxlNMSy1qj3yfno1_500.jpg making my foray into the realm of prettyboy . i am never letting friends from one group interact with friends from another , ever again . i knew there was a reason the idea always made me anxious . now shit's just tied up in endless and ... wow these make me really uncomfortable ? ? ? 5187051871 51805 a stupid camera shot in my disgusting mirror , because i like how this outfit turned out . i'm a vain bastard ~ 51596 where do i get off looking so smug ? what did i even accomplish to warrant that ? thanks for writing all that out for me so i don't have to do it . but really , i can relate . over the past month or so , i've been spiraling into deeper and deeper frustration and dissatisfaction with myself . why ? i've never had self-esteem problems , and i don't hate myself ; this is like some ... i much prefer hanging back and watching people do something until i figure out how to do it myself , if that's an option ; if i absolutely have to , i'll ask for help , but if i can't figure something ... i would just like to put it out there that being in a relationship with more than one person doesn't necessarily diminish the strength of feeling with each person added . obviously it differs with the ... through a perfectly amiable and interesting discussion with one of my friends on how we define and value friendships , i think i'm figuring out why she frustrates me so sometimes ; she tends to dwell ... i currently have two partners and i love them and it's awesome . sometimes the idea of affectionate physical contact with people i'm not romantically involved in sounds kind of nice ( i . e . friends lounging obnoxiously over each other ) , but any time the opportunity ... i'm terrified of amounting to nothing more than mediocrity , but i don't see any other outcome in my life . today my state of being went from the best it's been in ages to frustration beyond what i usually experience , and frankly it's kind of wigging me out . earlier it got to the point where i was digging ... 49123 i looked like a mobster yesterday , and it felt awesome . ... this is basically what i was doing all yesterday evening . my partners ganged up on me and were going on about how lucky they are to have me and alsfjaslkgjiarwoe no you are not stop lying you guys ... heh , now i really feel better about it ! ah man , this is a huge problem for me . i get tragically lost whenever i deviate from a set route that i've been traveling for years , and i have no idea where anything is in relation to anything else ... yesterday i told one of my best friends that i'm kind of in love with her .  ... she's now my girlfriend . i have this problem all the damn time . in fact , it's why i'm here right now instead of paying attention to my math homework . heh , thanks ~ 47677 i have stuff from my drag queen costume from last halloween lying around , and i felt like putting it on again for shits n ' giggles . ' sup . i felt like that too , for a long time . that feel sucks , bro . as long as i don't get all the way dragged into it ( a little participation on my part is fine , if not welcomed ) , i find that i live for interpersonal drama , whether it be among friends / acquaintances ... i'm getting more and more fed up with people and more easily , even if / though they aren't actually doing anything to warrant annoyance or frustration . i think it's negative experiences i've had with ... stuffed animals are the fucking best and i don't care what anyone else says . i am jealous of your curly hair . definitely . i either become cold and uncaring in the interest of preserving my last remnants of emotional stability , or i have a full-blown anxiety attack and literally have to hide under the ... 44644 the fucking buses were not showing up and i was full of rage . i hate trimet . 43723 this is my default suddenly-accosted-by-a-camera face . antahon , that hair is rad . http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m5ftsr7H8D1qj3yfno1_500.jpg birthday present from entp bro who is apparently holding me to the claim i made last year of i will learn how to cook if i ever get ... '