' probably chiming in real late , but if he's an enfp , or at least much more extroverted than you are and isnt taking the initiative , you should probably move on . enfps are determined to get what they ... in my personal experience , entjs are not my type at all . i admire entjs because they're usually determined and ambitious , and they never let anything get them down while they're striving for a goal . ... i resent that i'm an infp occasionally because of my strong fixation on fi , makes it hard to connect with others , but i do appreciate the high self awareness i get to experience . i think ideally , ... i went out with an enfj twice , but he was just so obsessed with fe , and being proper and normal and conforming to what dates were supposed to be like , it drove me mad . i also feel that a lot of the ... i'm not an enfp , though we do share fi / ne , but i definitely do this . i would probably call it social experimentation in the most ethical way though , i tend to drop stories or ask for advice , say , i ... i'm personally drawn to ixtx types , though the main bias seems to be for t's ( theres an estj somewhere ) . probably because they hold deep secrets because they're t types and i find that a lot harder ... why i'm single .. there's another thread which is kind of similar to this but this is a little more specific . infps can be quite dreamy and picky with people , especially because they're so ... * are you choosing to be single ? i wouldn't say i'm ' choosing ' to be single as much as it's just been a massive compilation of ' just not good enough ' , or ' it didn't work out ' . as relentless sx , ... for a while i was interested in an estj , and we had a little bit of discussion about our attraction . i was quite forward with her , and i admired her brash straightforward personality , i wasn't huge ... - how well do you normally handle break ups ? i'm pretty self dependent , but of course , what would an infp be if not indulgent in their emotions ? i mope around a bit , emotionally try to distance ... i've always unknowingly befriended n types , but in terms of kindred spirits like platonic soulmates / spirit animal type deals , i'd say infps usually always hit the mark and then infjs are a close ... i think after being involved with two different intps , it really depends on your intp . depending on the extremity of their ' e ' personas ( if they have one ) and since the functions are their ti ... maust i used to be exactly like your sister , kind of the ' those who burn brighter , burn twice as short ' type thing . the infp's you meet are probably the ones who are more adept at blending in at ... describe the very first things that jump out to you in this picture . game art concept - art style wise - chiaroscuro thought about that movie where the guy gets stuck between a rock and mountain ? ... i think when you start overthinking what people are thinking about you , it becomes incredibly ' socially awkward ' . coming from someone who used to become exhausted with conversation at school , i ... cantonese infp , from hong kong . also i find that our caring and not really concerned about buisness / lawyer / doctor professions and unwillingness to be fake often drives us apart from ' asian ' ... eh i've done it before , but it's more sentiment . like i would feel bad , and i'd love to help them out , and the one person i dated out of ' pity ' ended up being a half physical fling with disastrous ... unless i'm somewhat sure that i have a chance with the person i like , i literally will not approach them . i guess if you can spot an infp tracking down the person they like ( usually i visually ... so as an infp who's weirdly addicted to t's , i always feel insane frustration with dealing with them . so . does any infp have practice dealing long term with a t partner ? i've gone through nearly all ... finally told the istj boy i've liked for months that i liked him , to find out that he liked me too . listening to bootlegs of my favorite singers in the best musicals ever . having pad thai for ... i'm not an infp so forgive me . yes i take care of my appearance but it really depends on my mood , one thing though - the way i dress must always adapt with my personality and i'm usually into the ... most probably an xsfj leaning towards i . my mom is an entj and it's the worst thing to deal with . we don't argue that much ( i'm more passive ) but she seriously ticks me off when i'm stressed ... i would say any extreme t , j or e would drain my energy , because s is the only type which can't drain me ... because that's the intake of information . j's are particularly fussy in terms of ... oh yess all the time . i see some awesome people on tumblr or at uni and i just wanna be all like . we're best friends now . you can never leave . but then sometimes i just don't because that would ... haha ! that's exactly what i'm learning . though i think it might be another year until he'll ever say we're dating or anything of that variant unless i get super frustrated and upset and push for an ... - coughs - so i finally cleared things up with istj boy . i got a little bit anxious , and so i wouldn't tell him something ( and i know he loves knowing answers ) and he kept persisting , and asking ... anger , frustration , stress , depression , paranoia and panic . i'm usually all over the shop , but the negative emotions really get me so i usually have to talk to someone to blow it off . i'm not so ... listening to broadway and neo-soul while i procrastinate sleeping and doing transcriptions for linguistics . debating about writing stupid poetry about crushes and talking to friends and tumblr-ing . ... depends how much it is , and how often i'm exposed to them . if we're talking general just arguments , me and my ex don't get along well if we talk for a long time , or on certain topics , but usually if ... lowering expectations . dulling emotions ( as someone else said . ) usually it failed . though in terms of relationships and life in general i'm generally quite jaded . when i am sad though , i mope ... i really don't have that much of a happy romance story . nor do i have a partner at the moment . but i can tell many many stories of depressing failed relationships . i don't know , what's ... aha . we lie . evidently . good line . alright , to get down to buisness . if your infp is anything like me , i'm guessing she's also having a ball of a time trying to figure out what the hell you're ... actually before my first relationship , i had never experienced intense sexual desire . after it , i kind of noticed that it became sort of need for desire . i personally don't really like the process ... i have to say , i probably agree with the subtle attacks . when i'm pushed to the edge , my anger sort of can't really be vented out at a quick enough speed , and if it's more complex , such as to someone ... honestly , being someone else is so normal . i've been creating and building myself based off characteristics of fictional characters , fanfiction and other people since i was young . sometimes i feel ... i love spontaneity , but i also love cliches . going to an art gallery , or really interesting shops . beautiful exquisite places i am a complete sucker for , cute little cafes , perfume shop decorated ... sherlock ( benedict cumberbatch's quirks are my favorite . i even become more attentive after i watch it . weird absorbing infp habit ? ) brooklyn nine nine ( unexpected favorite ) orange is the new black ... i'm very much a fanatic about mbti typing , but only because it makes me much more understanding of their behavior and i can adjust my thinking patterns to suit how they understand concepts and what ... well this is pretty much why i'm asking . for an istj , i reckon to him it's not that big of a deal , but for me as an infp , i get really happy about the fact that he's concerned . however , i'm a little ... i keep a soft copy of a journal i've had since 8th grade , but i always switch up online blogs , tumblrs and little places i can just keep my opinion and drop it somewhere to rant it out . nobody ... dear istj could you please please realize that i like you , and you're the best thing that's happened to me since i got a phone ? i just want to spend time with you , get to know you more ... cmon , i ... commitment phobe 10/10 accuracy . can't be with one person too long , get too anxious . normally relationships fall apart , maybe i lose interest , or the other person does . i can't commit to people if ... according to your questionnaire responses , your attachment-related anxiety score is 6.56 , on a scale ranging from 1 ( low anxiety ) to 7 ( high anxiety ) . your attachment-related avoidance score is 2.27 , ... well , yesterday he asked me if i was free and if i wanted to do something together . lately he's been a little more concerned about me ( such as offering to get rid of a guy who seemed to be hitting on ... make sure you keep an open eye out for anything that might spurr an infp's interests . for me , it's anime , shows , broadway / musicals , makeup , singing , even tumblr . if you can get them exicted about ... do you want to get married ? i would , but i'm quite scared of commitment and i know , i am actually a shit girlfriend , most likely wife and don't even get me started on being a mother . i do however ... i'm not a drinker , though i do love meeting interesting people at clubs . however , i went with a friend once and got mouthraped by an italian guy on holiday ( which was not fun , such a turn off , ... i feel more comfortable with showing strangers i trust with my writing . there's something about the anonymity that just works , because my writing is such a personal subject . the only other people who ... uh , i've always had more unrequited love situations and crushes than actual relationships ( because i rarely act upon my deep seated obsession which would probably scare people away . ) i usually day ... i used to be the type of person who believed in one soul mate , and only one person would be really amazing for me and they'd show up and i would just know that they were the one . as i grew older , i ... '