' note : not the t . v . show , but the actual people in the books . the only thing that i know for sure is laura = infp , or at least that's the official typology . other than that , i'm not sure ... bump mom - enfp / entj dad - entp i was curious about the different types of the characters . this was my favorite book series growing-up . guesses : meg - intj / infp charles wallace - intp ( according to somewhere ) calvin - infj ... sheee eyes me like a pieces ... i was really good to my infj boyfriend , and he was mean to me . he gave exes all kinds of slack to cheat on him . i'm a little concerned reading some of these comments . i hope you're not all like that ... gee , it's like everyone's a critic day worldzmine - by that i meant tiptoeing around his emotions to the detriment of my own . my brain's really in control of the situation and i'm fine with it and i'll be able to handle it . but the nature of it was that he helped me solve a lot of my big problems and that i made it a goal ... , i used to care about his emotions , then i kind of was like ... neh ... lol , tbh , i think i'm fine with just being friends . this helped me to see into his perspective , though , so it wasn't ... i like this intp friend of mine , but i don't know what to do about . i've let him know , i've talked about visiting , etc . there's a stone wall around him . there's always a reason as to why it wouldn't ... unfortunately , the women i work with are basically whores anyway . i don't want to be critical , but it strikes me that you're maybe too perfectionistic . don't vet based on your * ideal * personality type . that's utopia , not reality . if people really knew how few real ... you're probably seeing this through the eyes of a man . your way of doing things , as a man , is to look around for the type of woman you like and approach her . if you wish to have a relationship with ... veering off the subject a bit , but i think two things , here . 1 . you live in australia , and men are more masculine there than here . 2 . the types of men that most women notice and are at least ... today , i had a flare-up with a girl at work who kept digging at me . i reacted to it , and then told my boss that i suspected her of having an affair with a cook , although i said i couldn't be certain ... at least i could make my fortune .. i work very hard and always get the flack . i also find myself in other women's sexual drama . i'm like their effigy or something . no matter what i do , there's no way out of it . lol : sad : : crying : i don't wanna be a dominatrix ! ! nooo : hugs : i'm thinking about a guy i like . i wish he was around . it would be nice if he liked me . miss him . physical stuffs would be nice . wish he took me more seriously as someone he could be with . i don't ... : moody :: adjoint :: hugs :: miserable : : kitteh :: dispirited :: starbucks : : smile-new :: tranquillity :: hugs :: subdued :: heart-borken :: worked_till _5am : : blushed :: crushed :: frown :: winetime : if so , why ? i've just started seeing a guy . he seems like a rational and an fe-user . he claims to be an introvert . aaand he does lots of sales-related stuff . seemed extroverted at first . there's no ... part of my avoidance of housework may have to do with negative feedback surrounding it . i recently thought of this , and it's been going on for years . i'm a little ocd . when i was a teenager , you could tell that i was very perfectionistic about my appearance . i was very sensitive to criticism , and i'd say i still am . i don't do any of the fe ... just because you were acting that way . you said 90 % of the stuff i post is stupid . yeah , okay , please play nice . i don't like having to pick people apart . thanks . to all of the people i've gone out of my way to be friendly to , who are being assholes to me , you get no more of my attention . i won't be sharing with you , lol . go back to your little hovels . okay , but you're really mean . pot kettle black . seriously , what did i ever do to you ? when people are jealous , you can be nice to them , and it doesn't matter . thanks ! ! i actually consider that a compliment . :) yeah , fersher . i always went , well , fi is being genuine , so i'm fi ! but the way i feel things is more fe-ish . which makes sense , because i always use deductive reasoning . so it fits . i wear fake glasses now . it fits my personality way better , and people react to me as a thinker when i when i wear them . if i was an fi , i don't think i'd wear them , because it was dishonest . i'm ... i was always compared to anne of green gables growing-up . but i never had that flowy way of talking . but i went with it , because everyone else said i was like her . i look like her , and of course , ... i think half of tp thugs are thugs because people said they were bad . say , thanks for the help instead , and you'll see less thugs . lol , right ! ! ! why am i so tired ? how am i feeling today ? what happened yesterday ? oh , that's right . someone died . i'll never reach satisfaction . :( :'( don't read it . he's in it . you're a jealous bitch who's trying to sound coy , like some spy movie you saw . no one cares that you did ap science . you work at burger king . but get over it . it's not supposed to be my problem . i'm sorry no one gives you any attention and you're jealous . i'm sorry that i made you upset . i've actually been meaning to tell you that . i've never ... never felt this ... okay . : teapot : lets find lesbianism together . all gays are gay ! gotchya . ew , go away . '