' well yes and no . it really depends on what you mean by care and consider . should the catholic church and its doctrine of divine simplicity be believed , god is a singular , timeless , and perfect ... i'd be a little disappointed , but mostly confused - - i'd be more interested in figuring out what conclusions i could draw based on this new information . by the way , i'd find it more plausible that ... yeah , it super baffled me that that was one of the most thanked posts in that thread . also , being mixed race myself ( cuz that's a thing worth mentioning to some people ) i really think it'd be a ... stroke ? nah , tell your friend that real friends tender their own friends loins . sometimes you just gotta get in there and make your friend feel like the truest friend of all . yeah , i wouldn't recommend it . it's a slippery slope . i do recommend the orgasms though . i think one thing to keep in mind about language is that it's heavily based on associating sounds to context . like the word feline refers to cat-like things , but people have different associations ... okay , this is starting to get interesting . it looks to me like you're assuming by default that the mind dies when the body does . you merely claim out of hand that there's overwhelming evidence ... that's an interesting line of thought . i suppose my view is that life is mostly coherent , e . g . we have experiences that can be ordered across time , whereas death seems it would remove the grounding ... this interests me . do you mean consciousness seems better thought of as manifest or not , rather than alive or not ? i kinda feel like you're missing the spirit of what i'm asking , so let me rephrase . i want to know why you claim the state of being dead necessarily involves an absence of experience . i'd also ... i've noticed that a lot of people assume that death is like a dreamless sleep . i'm kinda curious how sure people are about that , and what exactly it's based on . two thought experiments to ... i kinda agree , though the biggest attack i've seen on family in this area is the frivolity of divorce . i work afterschool care and i can't tell you how many kids get gloomy just mentioning mom or ... because you're a fan of socialism , or just better sex in general ? hrm , well traditionally enneatype isn't about presenting a persona so much as it's about your defense mechanisms and how you tend to respond to problems . the type 9 , for instance , avoids being ... the two seem different to me as well , though i tend to associate repression more with shoving the feelings away or overwriting them with other ones than i do with labeling . usually what happens with ... basically i found out that many descriptions of god are canonically metaphorical . the doctrine of divine simplicity ( which the catholic church still adheres to , last i checked ) , teaches that god is ... : cool : the five butthole languages explained describe two things you don't like about buttholes smelly butthole poopers interesting butthole stories post buttholes you like i prefer enneagram because it focuses more on emotional hang-ups and the things that people struggle with . mbti can capture some of that by pointing out trends among groups of people that process ... really this is the most important dating question to ask i suggest broiling them to perfection first . a good plan must be meticulously cooked before consumption . then again , i've never much believed in the sunny side up perspective , so ymmv . you know what spam is , right ? maybe try turning your threads into discussions rather than preaching your dogma . or taking your views and actually defending them in the debate section . yeah , the closest thing i'm hearing to an argument in that is that most atheistic philosophies simply don't answer a certain type of question that most theistic ones do . but then they also pretty ... unfortunately tests only can give you an idea of where to start . maybe highlight what it is about each type you relate to , and look up mistypes between 5 and 9 . also , i suggest you don't worry ... kinda i guess . i get more talkative and crass ( infj 9w8 here . ) and even though i censor myself less , i even more say what i think people want to hear . like i hate teasing normally , but i'll tease ... my favorite is from naranjo : in much of my childhood i felt like a passive observer in my life . it wasn't just that i didn't get involved in the people around me , it was that i tried to ... i thought it'd be neat if we had a thread coalescing stuff people really related to about their type experience and dilemmas . feel free to include stuff you or other members have written , as well as ... thisguynowswhat'sup . thank the l0ord jesus for this wonderful friday . i have my day over and have this blessed weekend of krunkedness . i really like this . it seems like a good way to frame why sp-types often feel okay with being alone . there are times when i feel a need for other people , but in the past couple years it's been ... i'm not looking at this as about trust or problems ... and i didn't say sp should lax down either . i said it needs a bigger incentive to . i mean that in the sense of what's in it for me ? when what ... i think this gets at something key , because sp-dominants often behave as if trying to retain a kind of extra reserve . i see this reflected in what was saying about having a thick cell ... so , i was hoping to start a discussion to find out what people really think of the sp-instinct as . instinct theory has been muddy to me , but the constant that makes most sense to me is ... * * something weird happened ; could i get this deleted ? not sure how to go about this . ? also posted in the wrong forum before this here : ... it may also help to think of these beliefs as simply justification tendencies . you may / may not try to justify your problems in type-typical ways , but for each type there's a low-hanging fruit that ... hmm , i'd have to say for me i tend to make casual friendships mostly easily with 5s and 6s but lasting friendships more with image types ( esp 3s ) . weirdly , even though i get along and relate most ... well , r & h mention in their wisdom of the enneagram that the types have an energy either outwards ( 2,7 , 8) inwards ( 4,5 , 1 ) or both directions ( 3,6 , 9 ) , which i've restated to be more in terms of ... basically , it can be understood as an extension of what it means for a type to be a part of a given triad . each triad has a characteristic cluster of issues / concerns , and there's three basic ... yep , i'm a 9 and this seems pretty accurate . and if it helps , basically i don't like having to explain stuff . most of my friends if they offer a suggestion or ask if i'm down to do something and ... i guess one thing i'd add personally is that identifying with my enneagram type helped me to clear myself out of some of the boxes i had unwittingly fallen into that didn't fall from my type . like ... i think i did at one point but not recently , and i just checked and my passwords for perc and fb are different . but i went ahead and erased my cookies and cache and it's working for now at least . same problem . i've been having to login via incognito . fwiw , it keeps redirecting back and forth from perc to facebook , and if i log out of fb it stops on fb and asks me to login . fwiw , i already see each type as a spectrum - wings to me are just a way of trying to capture what the spectrum looks like on the far sides of the type . i find this useful for my own type ( 9 ) , but i ... i wasn't sure where to put this - - not sure it's even type related . but i've been wondering if maybe there's more to my withdrawing than simply getting overstimulated and needing to get my bearings ... i like it if it can be done in good taste , in areas i care to improve - - sadly it usually hasn't been either of those for me . my first thought on this was legion , though in recent times i've been pretty consistent with this . basically i trust my gut feelings , but whether i act immediately or reflect depends a lot on ... yeah , sometimes i wish i had a box of thanks i could shower over particular posts . but this way is much nicer . : kitteh : well , whether you describe the 4 ' s ego fixation as fantasizing or melancholy , if you want to talk about the ego fixation specifically you have to limit the boundaries of what the words fantasizing ... i first felt like 4 would explain a lot of my meaning of life troubles , and so i was pretty drawn to it . didn't help that a lot of people , whenever i'd get all melancholic on them would bring up ... okay , i think i get what you're seeking . the way i see it is - - and i'd be skeptical of anyone who largely disagrees with this - - descriptions that say 9s daydream or 4s fantasize are painting ... '