' i'm an entp actor , if the entp has a deep passion for drama then they'll undoubtedly be good at it - if they delve deeply into it . there a lot of amazing entp actors ! i've not drunk pbr cause i'm english but i like a lot of different types of alcohol , usually strong and bitter tasting . i do like a hell of a lot of indie rock , but not exclusively , i guess most of ... ^ though , like i said . i reckon this is an age thing for entps , i certainly hope i'll grow out of my insecurities . we all got hormones . stephen fry is an entp and has bipolar disorder , he seems like ... i don't know , maybe it's just me - but i think an entp's confidence is very much dependant on the people he / she spends the majority of their time around , i . e an entp in a work environment where their ... self-diagnosed ... of course , anything you can label yourself so that your different folks ;) and i thought entps only trusted facts and logic ... i have dyspraxia , so little chance of that , actually . but ' tis a nice thought ... sure portland is like the jew's promised land but for hipsters : cool : yeah , certainly . god's got the dark sense of humour of the entp and has serious confidence issues . it makes perfect sense that this world was created by an entp . i'd say it's an age / maturity / self-confidence thing , for me , anyway . because i think you get to a point where your confident enough in yourself to trust your attitude and judgment and that if someone ... well , as an entp i'm going to claim to be ambidextrous regardless of the truth . obviously a pentagon job , quite obviously . as the illuminati often do , there are evidences in pop culture . pitbull and shakira - it's all right there . lyrics to get it started : no ali , no ... i often get called a hipster by many people , this is due to the fact that simply i tend to be more interested in counter-culture and have alternative alternatives tastes . whether it be music , art , ... i often need to be in my room to get work done , or at least i feel like i need to be alone in my room before i can get any work done . but to be fair , wherever i am , once i've started or perhaps have ... well of course it makes perfect sense why entps would want to believe jesus was an entp . but he was way too secure , selfless and worldly to be an entp . judas certainly could have been entp though ... haha , interesting point but no ( capital letters to show i am not to be fucked with ... hashtag badass ) i'm a teenage entp :P i did think i was an intp for a very long time though . but then i realized ... this isn't the case for me at all , i've always been very old for my years . i had a reasonably lonely childhood so i guess that's why there's no childlike tendencies still in me ... i guess , if that ... it's about the entp's social conditioning and surroundings that impact on whether they're religious or not . you do get christian entps but i think they will be the ones who won't just settle with ... my family is jamaican ( living in the uk , some of them ) and when someone dies the funerals are fucking epic . i'm not a christian or anything but we go to my grandmother's gospel church and there's ... add her on facebook first and see if it says ' in a relationship ' or ' single ' http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mevm53qSFS1rxis0k.gif i assume what would happen is that the entp and estp would both try to be the leaders , the entp would be the successor because of their confidence and logic but perhaps the estp would make things ... great response deathripper , thanks ! i agree with you :) good point , it's just the whole thing of not clicking with someone at first then becoming great friends and the polar opposite of clicking with someone at first but then realizing you perhaps don't ... i was wondering if this was the case for other entps because it definitely is the case for me : whenever i meet someone , i find that we either : a . don't necessarily seem to have that much of a big ... no one seems interested anyway ! ! i thought it was pretty funny ... there aren't many like waking life but you could try a scanner darkly which is shot in the same way by the same director richard linklater , also check out his film ' slacker ' which is kind of similar ... as an entp , i glanced at my first message from personality cafe's founder ' happy ' ... what a depressing name :d ry : part of their message : ' we have a very friendly user base , so don't be shy about ... ' edward or jacob ? ' ' why can't i understand girls ? ' or if you're a girl ... ' why won't boys understand me ? ' ' omg just saw new need 4speed movie ' ' why do foreigners always take our jobs ? ' ' entp ... i used to have terrible stammering and stuttering as a child , all the time . oddly , i'm the most excitable person who loves to rant now but when i was younger i was shit scared of life . sometimes now ... excellent ! ! for both of those i'd just respond like ' lolwut bro ? ' : wink : this is difficult because gifs are fucking amazing ... but what have we got ? http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lqlo6mTq331qkmpj8o1_500.gif anymore ? ? ? : crazy : http://ciaohi.files.wordpress.com/2012/07/i-am-god.gif http://media.giphy.com/media/ASsIDJJ23BFsc/200_s.gif http://media.giphy.com/media/mtwzVgqAn96jC/original.gif i couldn't decide ... i mean , i'm the most decisive type so i realize this is an odd alien ... an x-friend once said ' i don't even think you understand yourself ' http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/163/036/tumblr_louiyn41IF1qbkillo1_500.gif i'm just chilling , listening to music and forcing myself to watch yet another few quirky indie film i know i'll be into . step 2 . think for hours that i should go outside more , realize it's like 11pm , ... https://fbcdn-sphotos-f-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-prn1/922825_10200467747407757_493404953_n.jpg https://fbcdn-sphotos-d-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-prn1/941418_10200467747487759_453084164_n.jpg ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=frBWvyE_N9I i'm always on it , this isn't to say i use it a lot but i do talk to friends on it almost everyday . not necessarily a lot of friends , just a few who are sometimes regular and a few are slightly more ... i couldn't agree more with you ! what my teachers said : mature ( wtf ) - i get this too , though it's a suprise . maybe that's cause i look at the people around me and think ' yeah , compared to ... there are so many pseudo-intellectual arse holes who just love themselves without any logical reason , i mean if they're like ' derp derp i'm top prestige on call of duty ' even though it's ... write a gritty coming-of-age novel about a guy in a rural area who feels alone , instead of wallowing around like a little bitch he instead , decides to fuels his angst to mess witch bitches and fuck ... age : 17 gender : male current relationship status : single number of gf / bf's you've had officially : 1 number of casual relationships : 4 i think entp writers like other entp writers , one of the great entp writers is chuck palaniuk and i guess my writing style is similar to his . like some of the other guys , i don't really plan it out ... yes ! ! ! don't get me wrong , i'm a sucker for the arthouse films so i naturally like ones that are well shot , well acted . but i do like testing my boundaries and watching films that will scare me or ... yes , i often wish it wasn't though . i think i secretly wish i was a lot more introvert than i am ... well i say it's a secret but i'll happily shout wanna know why my personal secret ! ? you should somehow build a dungeon in your basement and keep him in there for 10 years until some old black guy rescues him . i agree that most entps dispute religion , though perhaps those with strong social conditioning towards it can be . it's because a lot of religious people read up on and gather facts to argue the logic ... i smoke a lot , i don't take note of how much because i think i wouldn't like the truth ! though i enjoy it , i realize i should quite and probably will at some point in the future ... though not for some ... 71902 i guess i care about style ... a bit . thing is , i can get vintage clothing really cheap from vintage and charity shops so that's what i do . i probably look like i'm trying hard with my brogues and ... a ) cigarettes , caffein , sleeping and energy pills , cigarres , pipe tobacco , alcohol , weed b ) i smoke cigarettes , a pipe , the occasional cigarre because i enjoy it and i can't be bothered to quit ... '