' well i could recommend the witcher saga by andrzej sapkowski . it's not dark so much as i'd say it's nihilist , but anyways ... ( the books were written by polish autor but they've been translated i ... i can't help but i can relate . i'm also turning 20 in a few months . i feel like i've wasted my youth on studying and beeing scared of people . and i still am , i mean wasting time and beeing scared ... it goes so quicly , i actually have existential crisis based around it . : rolleyes : hi , i've been experiencing some problems with mental health lately i guess . so i've been doing this weird thing which is when i'm upset / very stressed i do something i call ' mental cutting ' ( which is ... two types of human art when you're a marble statue you look like an angel daylight through your hair but when you're a chubby elf you should seek the firelight or twilight to chisel ... say no more ( my family thinks i'm going to die prematurely due to amount of energy drinks i consume and sleep i don't get ) also * hugs * best worded ever ! ! ! i can analyze myself and see my flaws so i can analyze people around me and see their flaws . but at the same time i understand why they are who they are and at the end of the day ... unattached women's gymnastics ha ! i'm polish too and from what i heard polish accent is very ' fluctuating ' , meaning it has a lot more ups and downs than many european languages ( like in comparison other accents feel flat ) . and ... i avoid speaking whenever i can . trouble is i can hear the accent and pronunciation in my head but i doesn't work with my mouth . i have no music intelligence , can't really tell difference between ... i dreamt my parents had another baby . it was only few weeks old , but could run faster than any of us , solved detective kind of riddles and at some point was supposed to drive our car . it also ( by my ... a new game , perhaps ? we shall call it the humble games . we take 16 individuals , each one from an mbti type . they have to fight in the arena ( thread ) , throwing invectives at other types ( the only ... i hope . once we have our specific subjects it might be more interesting . but now it's math and boring things like enviromental protection . and when i say i'm studying aerospace engeenering they ... i see what you mean about commitment , like is this what's meant to be ( / best for me ) and since i have doubts does it mean it's not ? i guess i'll have to deal with it at some point . looking forward to ... adele meme's still funny , but it's adele , so what do you expect :) gotta warn you , from my experience you'll find here more questions than answers . but i'm intp and we're always analyzing , so it ... i would definitely say it's not a good thing . i only realized it recently and been working on it , but it's freaking hard . for me it's either well of insecurities or arrogance and i struggle between ... i guess this would be question for fellow intp girls mostly . are you sometimes worried you'll never find your so ? i feel like it's sort of pathetic , the amount of time i spend worrying about it . it's ... not even romantically . when you don't feel anything about them , they can't hurt you . that's how i get over crushes : say , i like this boy , i think he's great , i imagine our future together and all ... not sure what ' pure ' means , but i guess the answer is yes . i had algebra & geometry and calculus this semester ( and have 2 more of calculus in next two terms , not looking towards to them ) . well , i'm studying aerospace engeenering , just passed all of my exams for first term . i kind of hate it , it's really difficult often , especially math subjects and i feel stupid most of the times ( but ... so , it's not a drawing or painting , beacuse i don't have ' em digitized , it's a photo-collage-new-meaning-thing . it's called 09/11 / 01 ( the fall ) . i used “ the tower of babel ” by pieter bruegel the ... when you prepare 15 minute rant to tell somebody off , but you've said it all in your head so you peacefully leave do you feel like it's just so much more easy for you to really open up to strangers ? people you probably won't meet anymore ? i very rarely talk about my feelings with people close to me , like they ... and about becoming intp ? i'd say get an idea , get obsessive about it , get bored , drop it . repeat . i recomend thinking book plots to every little detail and when it's all figured out , forgetting ... i beg to differ . i'm 100 % intp and i hate philosophy . in the way that i really don't care what others think , and i can't express the pain of having to learn someone's theory when it's just so ... 85 but honestly i think that we should differentiate emotional intelligence from emotional maturity even though i've been aware ( for a long time now ) that my eiq is low , i don't care that much as ... 5ft6 female well , i thought i'm just an average jealousy ( or envy , you name it ) , funny thing , huh ? i've been wondering recently about jealousy and personality . like , does it reflect mbti or enneagram type or maybe is different for every ... i think the problem is that i've seen my face a thousands of times . i can no longer tell apart i love myself from i love my reflection in the mirror . it's like when you read a word again and ... yes , i do . i find really annoying people who get their fellings hurt or need emotional reassurence all the time . i mean it's not easy for anyone , humans are difficult , agreed . it's just that we've ... i think that compter science is fascinating . it's just i'm really not good with that stuff . i feel like it's the field you have to get into when you are teenager , it's really tough to catch up when ... a lot of people say it here , this is kind of accurate , but ... there are usually some brands that do a lot of clothes you like , in your style / fit / vibe / ( you for one freaking second know your sizing so ... i patted my friends on the head in ' i don't understand you , but stil you're cool ' way . i had to stop , though , they felt it was waaay too patronizing . it's good to feel i'm not the only one ... exactly what i'm trying to explain everyone close to me . they usually do the look it's another one of her theories , but i swear it's true . my best friend for 6 years lives in the same city . and i'm ... see , for me this is quite the opposite . i'm the one initiating touching , but i do separate touch and feeling . i very rarely let my feelings take control over me . so , in most ' sexual ' ( not quite sure ... do you hear the people sing ? hi emily what kind of ( or region ) of mythology are you interested in ? how cheap are we talking ? see , i have this one spot in my garden , i definetly see a medium size bridge fitting in there : glee : see , i always was of the opinion that sunglesses do well on beauty . and i can look at people without them looking back at me . yasss . also , bridges are actually pretty expensive here in poland ... well , i love bbc series . i thought i was sherlock too . never solved any crime though :d ispirited : not a sociopath , it's good to know , because intps are often percived as ones . now i know i'm just a personality type : glee : thanks , those sunglesses are unfortunately retiring now . more sadly that ... personal i'm charlin but whatever sticks , i don't mind female living in poland . i would like to return to london , visit australia and do cross-country in usa . also , more exotically i would ... haha , yes , i'm from poland . shall i call you sherlock holmes from now on ? : joyous : i think i started like that , then just extended it ( as it was helpful ) to casual situations . wow , i was very sure i'm 4w5 and the description was very accurate , but i haven't done enneagram in two years , so ... it might be a reason of this touching thing : being intp and a 4 type . ( can you ... it would be a bit different for me i guess , because of gender roles . i would want my partner to take the lead , make decions etc . and so would be the social expectance . but i had similar experience ... ok , so i can only speak for myself ( and never have dated enfj ) . from my experience first thing we desire is companioship , maybe because we struggle to find someone who can understand us . first first ... yeah i got some of can't touch this reactions from people . i chose not to care . but i'm young female , hanging out mostly with other young female . i guess that might contribute to touchiness . so , you not-touching people , do you just use your words ? isn't it like , i don't know , irritating or boring ? it's just that i need to say exactly what i mean and therefore making sentences is a long ... '