' the role of the cia has been vastly overstated tbh . but yeah the overthrowing of allende by pinochet is by far a greater tragedy than the terrorist attacks that occurred on the anniversary of the ... i'm white . hot non-white girls are quite welcome to fuck me out of existence , if that's what it takes . doesn't sound so bad , really . relevant : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1xIQmFk1ok0 black man + black woman = black baby white man + white woman = white baby white man + black woman = black baby black man + white woman ... fedora guys should be castrated . thanks :) i was actually surprised by how well it turned out . to my ears it's pretty easily the best of the ones that i've tried so far . it was really easy to sing for some reason . must just not have ... littledreamer just for you :p vocaroo | voice message thanks :) i'm a much better guitarist than i am a singer , as you probably noticed . appreciate the george harrison comparison haha . very flattering . a couple of people have said i sound like ray ... songs : the beatles - a day in the life the smiths - this charming man sam cooke - a change is gonna come nirvana - smells like teen spirit beach boys - don't worry baby bands * : ... with guitar accompaniment ! pj harvey - written on the forehead ( + a bit of something else at the end ) vocaroo | voice message richard and linda thompson - the end of the rainbow vocaroo | ... everyone is completely free under capitalism and we engage in markets without any coercion . but what incentive is there to work under socialism ! ? so on the matter of whether or not the smiths are generally held in high regard , you think the opinion of some random , anonymous nobody should be taken as seriously as a collection of literally ... and his answer would prove whether or not the smiths are generally considered to be one of the greatest bands of all time ? come on , that's absurd and you know it . here , ... if you ever bother to talk to any of them , you'll probably find that a lot of them think the smiths are great . is there any record of what music people in your area like ? what do you mean there's no mainstream opinion ? sure , not everyone knows the smiths or is interested enough in music to have an opinion on them , but among those who are , the smiths are one of the ... that's a pretty mainstream opinion that you're laughing at there . the smiths are one of the most acclaimed bands of all time . laughing at someone for praising the smiths / morrissey is like laughing at ... have never thrown a punch in my life . morrissey is an excellent singer , a superb frontman and literally the best lyricist ever . not an intp but the smiths are killer , this charming man is one of the greatest songs ever written and johnny marr is a guitar god . i never would have guessed that music lessons over skype could work but apparently people do it so now i want to give it a try myself . if you play guitar and you'd like a few free lessons to help you ... the lowered standards are achieved through a greater division of labour . the non-combat role example works because it's premised on the insight that not all military roles are the same and require ... nothing in my post even suggests that i endorse people being given jobs that they're not qualified for , and i certainly haven't said anything that pertains specifically to your mothers's case . i said ... i'm not saying that lowering the standards is always a good idea , only that it can be in some cases . what affect lowering the standards for fire fighters has had on the fire service ( again , if that's ... first of all that's not necessarily true , for example if reducing the standards to allow women ( if the standards even are reduced--i haven't bothered to look and it likely depends depending on where ... and that's a bad thing ? wtf . i know you're talking about fire fighters but the same argument is made about evil feminists lowering the standards for military roles . so you demand that women submit to ... i don't know much about the history of voting rights but if the vote was only granted to working class men on the condition that they subject themselves to the draft then that was a stupid condition ... they believe that society is biased against men and propose as a solution that men essentially live separately from women . they spend a considerable amount of their energy promoting this ideology ... no community is as obsessed with women as mgtow . the label really makes no sense . cold hard cash ... from mummy :p trolling delusional reactionaries who blame women / feminism for everything--all of the world's problems and all of their personal problems alike--is endlessly amusing . as if anyone would stop after a ... also wrong . wrong ! gonna lol so hard if the opposite happens . sounds familiar . wow , the rest of this definitely sounds relevant and worth reading . definitely keen for an infp book club but not sure how well this one is going to work . commenting on chapters in isolation doesn't really make sense to me when the book is supposed to be judged as a ... oh . i must've been doing it wrong . we already celebrate pearl harbour though , duh . nah . i feel ya . pfft . maybe if they actually had jobs lol . but if the rumours are to be believed , then at least one of the users you quoted is in fact paying out your work ethic while unemployed . yeah , i don't really disagree , just the subtext is a little ambiguous . he's right that consumerism is a distraction , but he sort of implies that actual americans are the problem , where as i'd say ... neither do i , and my suspicion is that there's not much to know . it's a very fractured movement here . there are socialist groups and socialist parties but they don't always cooperate and sometimes ... lol definitely . glad the revolutionaries are winning the debate at the moment :) fair enough . i have nothing else to say , just i can't thank in spam world so i have to acknowledge posts with a reply . reformism though ... some real nirvana quotes : rape is one of the most terrible crimes on earth . and it happens every few minutes . the problem with groups who deal with rape is that they try to educate women about ... probably . i wouldn't know though . i never read posts by either of them lol . i'm still shocked that trump supporters exist at all , let alone outside the us . then yesterday i found out that my dad is one of them . wtf . seriously . that's not entirely true . i've occasionally made it through a couple of sentences . i'm , like , the billionth person to call him a psychopath . why is it suddenly so controversial ? oh wow , you must be right then , infj superior . '