' i grew a beard for the last year and just trimmed 10 inches off . i was so used to how it looked now i am having a panic attack . my heartrate must be 140 at least . fucking hell . a good friend of mine , his father passed away last week and we had the funeral today . it was a nice service and celebration of his life but when my friend gave his talk it was so hard not to burst ... i honestly don't think so and i think about it a lot . even wanting to be understood through writing or whatever . even then when someone reads it , the words become a part of their mind and are only ... “ every man is more than just himself ; he also represents the unique , the very special and always significant and remarkable point at which the world's phenomena intersect , only once in this way , ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5jpVtYQIols not much hope or happiness from this one . i pretty much live off hummus and breadsticks to be honest . felafal too . so uh , middle eastern / italian ? i will eat pretty much anything that doesn't have meat . but i can quite easily get by on ... this was a really interesting talk . thanks so much for posting it ! i got a little giggle when he mentioned something about infp types being more than willing and quite attentive when debating gun ... didnt he also contribute to peste noire's demo aryan supremacy ? :P seriously though it wouldnt surprise me if he is infp . i remember when drakkar released the le secret digibook years and years ... i'm tired of damn near everyone i know being drop kick fucking stoners . we have a naming ceremony for our friend's child tomorrow and everyone spent their money on drugs now it is up to me to go buy ... i was 17 . first love and bla bla . ended badly . it doesn't necessarily have to be a mental disorder . most people experience it from time to time . dissociation can happen from many things , bad anxiety attack , severe depression , trauma , even ... haha , it can go either way mate . i am either a bikie or a neckbeard . women are disappointed either way at the end of the day ! maaan , you guys are all so pretty . i look like i am in a fucking 1 % er outlaw motorcycle club * grumble * http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qUnQ3F2Rwq4 actually doubling up on the drones . one of the better live bands ever , probably ! seriously , saw them play this cover early last year and it was ... this . everything is important . the world is filled with a lot of pain and horror , which is absolutely awful of course . could be a motivator to try and bring whatever small happiness we can into the ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LwVXkM_YxMg well . on the last night of the week it felt like something big happened in my mind . had a kind of flash of insight about subjectivity i guess . when i woke up the next morning i thought about what ... ive been a vegetarian for about 4 years now and was a vegetarian for a few years when i was a teenager . ethical reasons i guess . love animals , dont want to eat or hurt them . i would most strongly identify with thelema , though some people do not think it is a religion . the open nature of it and strong encouragement to go for direct experience is what is appealing to me . ... when i was younger i really wanted to save the world and felt very strongly about it . as i get older i think the best thing i can do is try to make the people around me feel happy and appreciated and ... outside of books on psychology , existentialism , religion etc i really like haruki murakami's books . especially kafka on the shore and wind up bird chronicle . steppenwolf and demian by herman hesse ... i was really into it for years and still meditate occasionally . i took it pretty far though and had some really rough and terrifying experiences ( ego death ) but it was ultimately positive . just not 8 ... don't tell me what to do or give me advice about anything unless i ask for advice . don't hurt people i care about or treat them like shit . if you manipulate me and i eventually find out you are ... infp at 94 % some answers could have gone either way pretty easily . 1 . you are walking in the woods . who are you walking with ? my friend i am quite close to . ( i already see where this is going .. ) 2 . you are walking in the woods . you see an animal . what kind of ... at first , i got terrible anxiety attacks from smoking weed . as i got used to it though , or built up a tolerance , it would just relax me and help me sleep . i think the way it is portrayed in the media ... changes for me all the time . when things seem to be going really well , everything is positive , hopes and dreams seem only a day away everything is amazing and i love everything . when that goes to ... i dropped out of school when i was 14 and did volunteer work at a vet clinic for a few years . most vets are really kind and caring folks . it is very hard work , but i imagine rewarding too ! oddly ... i feel you , mate . a friend of mine is into this red pill bullshit . the stuff he says , the way he behaves it really disgusts and infuriates me . nothing but manipulation to get what he wants , while ... i have a group of friends i see once a week pretty much . we have fun but have very , very different ways of looking at the world and very different values and interests . it takes all types though ! ... yep i relate to you for sure . almost everything in my worldview is a union of contradictions . well maybe contradictions isn't the right word . for example , i tend to feel about experiences being ... for many years i never thought i wanted a family of my own . but recently the idea of being able to provide an environment of absolute gentleness , kindness , love and total acceptance for a family ... i don't think i am ever really the life of the party , but people frequently comment on how much better a time they have when i am around . which makes me feel weird since i am generally pretty quiet ... i have a fairly high tolerance to alcohol and pribably rely on it too much to be honest . i never get angry . always happy , relaxed and at the end of the night after say , a bottle of rum , i get ... i think in a lot of cases someone blaming their type for inaction is much the same as the type of excuses people with depression cook up for themselves . obviously i dont speak for everyone . people ... i love being a trusted confidante for so many of my friends and people i know . it lets me get to know them better and more personally . the thing i hate about that is so many things people confide in ... i saw psychologists from 14 up until i was 22 . in my earlier years the therapy was fairly useless and a reference to a psychiatrist left me basically being fed pills and told to wait until they ... i would say ask straight up and being honest . i have ruined a number of friendships and relationships by not making my intentions clear out of fear of making the other person feel uncomfortable or ... i confess , i wish i didn't use my real first name on here , so i could confess things properly without fear of being discovered by people i know in real life . i guess the reason i posted is that sometimes it is worth taking a risk in saying what you really feel , as terrifying as it might be . perhaps most of the time it won't pay off , but when it does , it ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WybSSagVvoU this song . it is like , the melancholy that makes you feel oddly happy and super warm . i probably can't listen to it enough . by real things , i mean the things that mean a lot to you personally . things / ideals / beliefs / feelings or whatever makes your heart scared it will be hurt , i suppose . the things that potentially get ... it is sort of hard to say i guess . now i would not recommend getting drunk or relying on alcohol to anyone ( even if i do drink quite a bit myself ) , but one night when i was fairly drunk , i just ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fW00bC-zadg this is pretty fucking incredible in my humble opinion . and from the 5:00 mark and onward , it is just astounding . to me anyway . i wish i could have been ... 44540 thats me . i suppose it isn't exactly a typically infp photo , but oh well . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NRXu6o4BC48 this is extremely rough and harsh stuff ( and i recommend skipping a minute or so into it ) , but for me this sort of helps release my angry and hateful ... happy for the first time in months and comfortable and hopeful with my ideals . its gonna be a rough fall from this one . i haven't been on in a while due to extremely busy schedule so i apologise to anyone i haven't replied to in pms and such . i went to harvest festival in sydney yesterday . it was basically infp the ... the only thing i like about myself is my hair and i'm losing it at 24 . it's not too bad at the moment , if i told anyone i was going bald they would probably laugh heartily at me , but i know my hair ... i posted the other video first , but maybe this is more appropriate . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tdxfu9QwDKI days are passing and the agony increases by the minute , several reflections ... '