' a whopping 6 of intpness > : 3 ... oh height ... that too . i like being hugged by my girlfriend . that's about it . this 1000x . my mom is a major control freak . not to mention she seems to contradict what she wants . for instance , i tried air drying my clothes just an hour ago after she talked about us doing that ... religion should be taxed . billions of dollars that disappear , untaxed , while churches are still heavily influencing how our culture operates . they're a business , providing a service ... tax them . it ... radical anything / anyone of any movement annoys me ... there are feminists who are really feminazis who want to hate on men and sjw's which are just the life of the party anywhere they go . honestly i'd ... the mbti isn't perfect , but its a good enough tool that helps me contextualize how other people generally approach things and develop a basic understanding of them . i came to this topic not to ask for prayer , but to express my appreciation for the sentiment . its nice . that's a funny way of spelling hououin kyouma well , first question ... have you , or have you not had mexican ? i mean like really really good mexican food ? this could be the key to everything . serious note , probably just feeling good . maybe ... hell hath no fury like a pissed off enfp is it like russian roulette where someone is trying their luck ? :p about three years late but ... yeah , i like intj / entj women . they're typically intelligent , well organized , interesting ( go in detail on topics i tend to find interesting anyway ) , and just have ... well first i fart , then i fart again . hey , embrace it . i thought i was an infp for the longest , albeit a very strange infp . turns out there's a little thing called intp . once i realized that , my emotions immediately shut down and i ... i use a chromebook , my desktop is always clean >:D i know exactly how you feel . shit , i have two years of experience in the automotive industry , one from an internship and another from actual hands on ... and its hard for me to find work . i recently ... considering i'm dating an enfp now ... i'd say yall are pretty good . my enfp is great anyways :p i'm not a fan of competitive fps , but i like cooperative fps . competitive just pisses me off . my skills have sharply declined since i've taken on real life responsibilities from moving out on my own ... i just started dating an enfj . there was instant attraction when the two of us first started talking . we're pretty much exactly what the other is looking for . this last week i must have stayed on the ... there are far too many cool things in this world to live for what may or may not happen . create your own meaning , you'll be a lot happier . well a guy can dream , can't he ? :p for me , i'm shy and awkward when i'm around a girl i find attractive and interesting . i don't really flirt unless i'm already in a relationship . then my mind ... sounds like insecurity , probably feels like he's being one upped by those guys . i guess him blowing you off at the club is his way of trying to deal with feeling insecure around those guys . he thinks ... i feel ya . i'll probably watch some college football today and go out to a bar tonight . what i wouldn't give to find an enfj / infj or intj / entj girl that i had chemistry with and was into me and was single . i like infj's , but they rarely seem to like me :( yeah , i can certainly understand the sentiment . the system is very broken . off topic but not really , i love college football . i live in the south and i went to a college football powerhouse ( well ... a mentally handicapped kid came into a grocery story i was working at during high school . he was asking me a bunch of questions about myself , like what my name was , what i did there at the store , how ... at work : quick question you got a minute ? you gotta be kidding me outside work : you need to to check out ... ( insert movie or show or book ) i came close to giving you a thank . i was this close . 243602 1 ) i'd like to know how much you're identifying with fi and / or ti function ? i see things with fi more often than my ti , although whenever i'm interacting with people i tend to show my ti side ... the binding of isaac rebirth lethal league ( kind of like pong , really addictive ) about to start up sanitarium ( old school point and click adventure game ) you hit the nail on the head here . scary accurate description of unhealthy infps . i have a good bit of these issues , but i recognize them and am currently working through them . i took the test a while back , and got 5w4 . i'm thinking that it may have been the mood i was in or how i perceived ( get it ? perceived ? :D ) the questions . i was just curious as to why an infp would ... i'm not too familiar with the the enneagram personality types . can someone give me some examples / explanations of 1w2 ? what confuses me is that 1w2 seems like it'd contradict with being an infp ... so i'm trying to type this girl i just met recently , about a month ago . not entirely sure what she could be , but here are some of things that i've noticed so far about her : 1 . she's the ... love at first sight is a myth and love is woefully overused . use the l word with the utmost of discretion , and know that it takes work to actually form love . i've learned to . some people are emotional parasites , some people are bad influences . if they screw up , thats one thing , but if its a non stop thing , its probably a good idea to let them go . people ... simultaneously some of the best and worst experiences of my life have been with esfjs . i have a love / hate relationship with them , though i don't think i could ever be without them ... i like esfj's , they can be some of the most wonderful people you'll ever meet . even if we don't see eye to eye , i've had mostly good experiences with them . i think they can be a bit fake sometimes ... in my experience with women , i've been too willing to forgive . i've definitely felt used ... what sucks even more is when you are willing and even wanting to let that girl back in , and she's not ... i wish i could be born 100 years from now . i think i was born too soon ... at least you're nice , i'm just that awkward guy no one really understands ha ha . but i feel your frustration : . thomas i can certainly understand that feeling of having to hide who you ... i didn't want to know until you said i didn't want to know . now i want to know :p i think i've taken an opposite approach and pushed others away . it seems like i've done my best to become distant to everyone , save for my best friend . i've been hurt and hurt others ... i feel like ... that's fine , type out loud . you gotta discuss and organize these thoughts . i know i need someone to proofread what goes on in my head at times lol :) i certainly can relate to missed opportunities ... it sounds like you're frustrated with people not understanding you or being there for you in the way you need them to be . if so , i would suggest reading this : intp - chapter 2 : overload yes , ... i'm not sure i follow you . as diamond days said , it really doesn't have anything to do with being a thinker or feeler . thinkers can understand why you react emotionally , its just not what would do ... most christians that i know would at least be hesitant to support gay marriage or gay relationships . most that i know would say its ' sinful ' to be in a relationship with someone of the same sex . some ... http://petapixel.com/assets/uploads/2012/08/cleaning_mini.jpeg like shit crammed in a tight space , with me trying to escape my own thoughts . pleasure to have ya on here :) well yeah , exactly . it * often * is a form of group think ... cult like at times even . do these things and don't do these things . don't question why either , its just how we do things . its that ... '