' have you ? what were they like ? i haven't really met any a-listers but i met bob marley's doctors wife at a theme park randomly in pennsylvania . she was a very old jamaican woman who was sitting next ... i'm so happy to hear you're safe . some people are low lives . i know of a 15 year old girl that got killed walking into her house after school while her house was getting robbed in my old ... i mean the little interesting things i can't find out on wikipedia . what do you love or hate about it ? what kind of interesting characteristics would i notice happening that i might not see anywhere ... move out to maine and start a coffee shop :) most of the scorpios i know seemed to be isfp or istp . which was interesting because scorpios are supposed to be the most misunderstood type . three people i know that committed suicide happened to be ... yeah if anything , trying to categorize people perfectly into a type gets messy . my best guess for myself has been enfp , so what if i'm not completely sure of that ? it's fun to learn about mbti but i ... children's book of cats wearing people clothes 1990s and somehow , miraculously found what i was looking for . i like to go on a nice little shopping trip about once , maybe twice a season . there's a great little resale store by my house that buys and sells newer clothes . if i change my mind about something i ... oh , you got me ! i've been trying to crack this one since i met my boyfriend . in general , i think a lot of the french people i've met are int's or inf's . here's what i picked up : definitely more of an ... retail freakin ' sucks . i know without a degree finding work that isn't retail means you have to be a bit creative , but until you get into something maybe there is something over the summer that won't ... i'm 5 feets and 82 pounds ! 44419 me and my little cousin being goofballs and making faces at a graduation party . because when people try and take my picture my favorite thing to do is make a creepy face at them . the more formal the ... school just isn't very fun for me . i did two semesters at two different community colleges . they started out okay but then i would spend all day thinking about new awesome adventures to go on or ... i just bought the encyclopedia of serial killers for 50 cents at a garage sale . it's awesomely creepy ! overly impulsive , passive agressive , and just really mean for no reason . i guess they crave attention from bad people as well .. from what i've seen with my isfp gone wrong friends my boyfriend went cherry picking in canada and met a ton of cool people and made money while staying there on a visa one summer to fund a road trip . i don't know how he got hooked up with that , but ... hi guys , i'm thinking about going to massage school but other than stories i've heard from my friend i really have no idea what it's like as a carreer choice . i'm interested in hearing any ... when i'm annoyed , i have to be away from people and if they don't get out of my space and keep bothering me i'll be curt with them and speak to them with an obviously annoyed tone in my voice until ... i fucking love this thread already . i'll be yo friend . okay , here's my input . i have no idea what your type may be , but i will start with this . you sound intutive , as are most people on this forum . keep studying the functions ... pretty sure i was a young infp , could still be one though since developing ne can really be confusing . it's like wooo i love having ne as my first function . and then fi gets mad and is like okay ... okay i don't think it worked the first time . me and boyfriend . http://www.imageurlhost.com/images/72phx4bybylx9nx2b78f_thumb.jpg [ / img ] [ / img ] aw , i love dave . he's cute too :) bumblyjack , i feel like the infps i know can be so awesome if they've developed ne enough to want to open to up more experiences , otherwise the fi combo would be ... he reminded me a lot of an enfp . maybe infp . i could relate to him alot . extraverted intuition would probably lead him into doing the wild things he did , and fi to support his firm beliefs . actually ... requiem for a dream . i recommend everyone see it once and then never watch it again . it's a beautiful story , the style is very dark and there are just so many powerful scenes . and i usually can hold ... i want to give your weimaraners spankin ' heimers . but seriously , those dogs are scary . you cockroach haters , i almost killed one the other day but i imagined him dressed as little bo peep ... i'm glad your recognizing this in yourself because i don't think a lot of istp's really understand how cold they can come off if they don't work on their feelings . for instance , an istp i know at ... i feel you . i hate hurting people's feelings , and i will go crazy lengths to avoid those kind of situations . im in the process of backing out of a decision to move in with a friend after i ... have you thought about getting fake hair ? my hair is really short and while i've been waiting to grow it out i bought a wig . at first i was kind of nervous about wearing it and what people would ... okay maybe i'm being a little idealistic here , or maybe i just have the best idea ever .. i haven't been a member on these forums for for that long , but i think we should have a meetup group for ... minus the bear kurt vile empire of the sun toro y moi bright eyes sarah mclachlan vampire weekend casiotone for the painfully alone pogo daft punk this thread is hilarious and i love it ! i don't think i need to add but i totally feel all of you . it sucks when you try to get someone into mbti and they're like oh yeah that's cool but dont really ... this sounds more like a rant than an attempt to seek advice or a new perspective , but i want you to know a lot of people yearn for what you do . you actually sound a lot like me . i feel very ... i like your idea ! come on people ! if there's anything we really need in this world , it's to make an application process for who is eligible to have babies . not everyone should be allowed to have babies . my sister passed away from cancer when i was younger and i hate to say it but my parents pretty much died right along with her , stuck in the past , depressed , up and down and i've done numerous things ... okay so i've hit my breaking point . i'm 20 years old and on my way to move out of my house . throughout the years i have become cold , untrusting and unhappy towards my parents . i have begun to realize ... i can totally relate . this happens mostly with guys who idealize me though . i feel like there's too much pressure and i can't open up and it's hard to explain to someone who just doesn't get it from ... from my experience , estp are so easy to talk to . not like other types where your wondering if they like you or not . especially if your intuitive and your concerned about any unsaid things or ... ace ventura : pet detective here's another one . - save a little but of money and quit my job sometime in the early spring / summer and spend an undecided amount of my life wwoofing throughout the western part of the united ... okay , i don't know about you guys , but seriously i've got some thinking to do about what i want to see happen and improve with myself this next year . even if i don't stick to them .. for me , i'd ... managing your local fast food restaurants :P i'll give anyone a try . but weirdness is a plus , a big heart and an open mind is a plus , and if you aren't a silly goose gtfo . it's hard ! ! ! i think because we can be really scattered we don't want to give ourselves that in the moment time when we get the chance . all this other stuff we haven't done on time comes to mind and ... in high school one of my best friends was an isfp . she was so freakin ' interesting to me , i wanted to get inside her head so bad and just understand the driving force behind her . she was really artsy ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LWCXA6gXZhE i don't know if this problem stems more from the stress of my living situation or that i just am at a weird point in my life , but thank you guys for your input . i used to volunteer alot so i thin i ... okay , i'm just wondering because i have a really difficult time balancing myself . especially lately because i recently moved back with my mom , who is depressed , sleeps all day and it's really ... 1 . my imagination that is really hard to control sometimes 2 . being late forever 3 . people not being affectionate enough towards me 4 . feeling like i'm the only one of my kind 5 . the dark 6 ... '