it would actually , but don't do it in a creepy way or make it sound like something you say to everyone i think a thing that might help is to sit down everyday and write three things that you're grateful about - never tried it regularly myself , but have heard of examples when it has worked to help ... recently i've been very confused by quite a few people explicitly telling me that they really enjoy talking to me , as in one-to-one talking . i really don't understand why , and since i don't do ... i find entj ' s really annoying sometimes and estj is definitely very annoying that's not true ! ! if they're mature i find myself warming to them , because even if you dont understand them , you know they mean well , and they do mean so well ! i do it all the time , and then people get offended when they realise i don't even like them because their assumption that i'm just a person who never takes the initiative gets disproved when they see ... i can't provide an objective description of all the types , but these are what stands true for me based on my own experiences : entj - community oriented , is always surprised when you stand up to ... yes , sometimes i'll see them everyday for a few weeks ! i don't mean that i'm valued as a superficial friend - i'm valued as a close friend who they confide things to ! i dont really understnad what that does to a friendship - as in why is it an attractive attribute ? is it just because it's interesting to observe ? do you find that there are people that you are friends with , or really good friends with only because they have a super strong attachment to you , and you feel bad about it , even if you dont ... ive learnt not to trust people to understand me but every now and then for some reason i'm still willing to believe that this new friend wont let me down . they always do , but i just can't brung ... i find that long distance actually strengthens some of my relationships , but only because perhaps im not that compatible with those people and distance prevents friction . also i think i have a ... hahahaha . and nope that isnt helpful in any way at all maybe , but i know my intj friend does of me and i know it's my personality that he finds intriguing , soo i just assumed it was a general phenomena thanks for your reply , and i just never got round to changing my type description ! when i'm sure that a person hasn't been honest with me , in a way that hurts my feelings . express interest in the , ask questions , don't look at them weirdly even if they give you an odd response . i always remember when people have been nice to me , and even if i don't reciprocate the ... nature in general makes me go open mouthed and wide eyed people make jokes out of people who love nature ( ' tree huggers ' ) but i genuinely find it so peaceful to lie in the middle of a field and ... is it the ' innocent ' vibes ? the inability to stand up for ourselves ? the obvious priority infps give to emotions ? if intjs are meant to dislike illogical people , i just don't understand why my intj ... recently an entj has been acting kind of interested in me , and we've been getting really close . we spend absolute aaages on the phone . he spills all his secrets to me , like literally everything , in ... i used to be emotional but i've learnt to keep many things to myself . partly because i think as an infp once i get upset about someone i can be very irrational and make things up against them which ... i am the one who can forget her surroundings and relive a memory in the middle of the street . omg hahhah i get what you mean . not really creepy for me , but saying something really shocking and inappropriate ! vanilla twilight , owl city ! do you find you get hurt easily by your friends ? that you have to train yourself to have a certain lack of sensitivity to perceived betrayals and lack of compassion , sympathy in close friends even ... when you get hurt by a friend it's not just a slap in the face as most types would take it ( i think ) , its a punch that leaves you gasping for breath ! :( only recently but yes hahah it's such a strange thing to be addicted to thought i always think i don't even tell people i go on this forum and sometimes when my friends ask me what i'm doing on ... thats a really long list ... it basically covers everything you could do .. omgosh hahahahaha i thought i was the only teenager strange enough to come here :) but apparently not this is so funny ! ! and awesome ! oh yeah i definitely adapt myself though i'll know right away if someone's an s because i ' lll feel that it's much more difficult to relate to them ! and so no i doon't think i show my infp although ... haha babies love me i'm always the only one they smile at ! ! es is definitely a big problem t with a big e is also very annoying is people are so cute ! ! love owl city ! ! vanilla twilight .. strawberry avalanche i am an infp with specific values like don't gossip , don't say nasty things about people , don't laugh & encourage other ppl's mean jokes . but when i start talking to people , especially people who ... 4 . totally an expectation thing .. if i don't like someone i wont bother treating thme like a friend ( obviously ) and so i wont impose my expectations on them adn so i dont get upset ! 5 . i never ... when i'm depressed i can listen to slow sad songs or daydream the whole day but i've come to learn that doesnt really help and someitmes it even makes it worse so now i try to get over myself and ... yeah i just never understand why people find jokes about hurting ppl funny .. it's like if its someone i really really hate with a passion then fair enough .. but even then i would only say a mean joke ... looks like all infps love english .. me too ! ! ! sciences such as biology engages imagination too i guess . which is why i like it oh and also she thinks ur ' being delusional ' ie . she thinks you love her because you dont know about her guilty evil thoughts and embarassing things you have to tell her that you're not ... or maybe she's just going through a phase of low self-esteem and so she's bitter because she thinks that nobody can love her for everything she is , so if someone loves her it's because they don't ... i think that you probs cant tell her things like you love listening to her talk endlessly about random things on her mind because that would probs make her self conscious next time she does it but ... i don't really get inspired by nature that badly so it would be a you thing i'm thinking hahhahahaha that's exactly what happens to me . people take it personally and think i ignore them sometimes so sometimes i have to be extra friendly afterwards to get them to realise i didn't ' ignore ' ... so so so so true ! ! ! i always think infps in extraverted mode is basically a enfp same hahah i always end up having to tell people , hey i didn't mean that literally you know .. it was only meant to make you laugh .. god i get that soo much . so frustrating as well becasue you cant talk to them about it since they'll just get weirded out .. well i think they would anyway maybe they wont . havent really tried yet . omg this happens to me so much . i always worry about being rude or too high - maintenance . lists lists lists i'm so absentminded i need to-do lists hourly ! ! and sometimes i end up losing those to do lists withinn the hour too ! ! quite annoying to be honest .