' we're not friends yet , more like acquaintances since we just met and i'm trying to be nice without seeming annoyingly clingy : happy : do entjs appreciate short supportive messages during exams or i am better off not saying anything until the exams are over - without being considered ignorant ? is my entp cooked yet ? i just came back to remind you i want a fresh one ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Ld7JdKb7Eo i met another male infj in real life and we were nothing alike . one of us must be a ' fake ' infj : tongue : when i took the test it was something like 9w1 1w9 6w5 so what this thread really is ? will i get a free entp ? ni feels more like a wave decipher for me . like when i shake someone's hand and i feel the warmth and kind of wavy energy through their hand which will tell me how compatible we are ( i avoid to say i ... no , i'm never good at making others what i want them to ; annoying but helps not feeling guilty that i made someone follow my ' right ' direction and proving to be a very bad one ( happened before ) . i am concerned by my looks , now . for a long time i ignored my physical appearance , just trying to fit in with the rest physically , since it's the inside that really matters . but then i realized that ... no , so i don't go to concerts . i do like to sing though , not sure if too well but i like it anyway . i do sometimes feel like no one understands but then again there are times when i do not want to understand anyone myself . i guess it's only fair this happens . : happy : my avatar tells a short story in which a very small world ( a sphere seed ) grows and takes over a grey world gracefully and filling it with brightness which is what each infj thrives to do . the ... i just stop ... doing anything about it . i take a bland attitude and face . what makes you step away from the things that need done and just do nothing the whole day or just other random unimportant stuff ? for me it would be time pressure , lack of support , emotional ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H2pA5dxtIHs i am . :p roud : i don't have to choose between several choices , they're different approaches to the same thing . colorful because i want to make everything beautiful and ' paint ' things when they don't look so nice or lack the colors to make my life worthwhile . i am silly because i want to excite others and make them smile when possible . but i don't feel very comfortable with my silliness so i'm not using it often . i agree , also true for me . i'll try to fill some ' requirements ' : 1 . being interested in me ( this would involve some other aspects such as insisting , trying to get to know me better , trying to spend time with me as much as ... for me empathy means treating others like i would like to be treated . may not always work but i learned that those not understanding my actions often do not want to be a part of my life . you are kind by saying so but on topics of the heart an infj may get overwhelmed by feelings and ideas that are hard to express in words . maybe others do not feel as much , but often they do find much ... infjs know best how to give advices and get involved in real life . an infj hug may clear your mind so that you can see solutions instantly : tongue : online is a somewhat restricted experience so i ... nooo ! my breasts are better than yours ! =) ( and i'm not even female : laughing : ) this is truer than true : unsure : hmm , well , no , not really . thanks for your appreciation . crying is not like when i was a child anymore . back then my family knew when i was crying and tried to help me so the bad feelings would go away completely . now i cry ... when my dark side takes over ... i cry alone until it leaves me . i don't lie too often but i have a hard time dealing with how i'm telling the truths . i am seen as awkward most of the time :d ry : i did it very few times because i was so confident it was the best way i didn't feel bad at all after doing it . instead , it hurts me a lot when people door-slam me , even more when i am unable to ... i don't consider myself as a late bloomer but lack of deep emotional connections is definitely making me hesitate a lot when it comes to relationships . words that hurt the most are those coming from people trying to make me go away from them by making me feel the guilty one . not really something that can be said , but someone not living up to the words ( s ) he says is the most offending thing for me . well , at least after 2 years i'm still alive . i may say i got the answer by myself and , well , it was not the case in my case : tongue : the most important thing is to not expect him to start a conversation with you in real life or internet , you should take the initiative any time you want to talk and also maintain the discussion . i need to be loved asap . back to bed ? http://s7.postimage.org/eix663fjv/111217_224507.jpg i took my avatar from a bigger picture . i liked it because it gave me the feeling the nature is creating itself at any level . hyphen i'll keep an eye out for you not to give you any thanks : tongue : let go of everything so that only what you want and love may gravitate around you . i feel empty and sad but i'll keep listening to this song , maybe it will help somehow http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4IFQZyxxyyM depending on the mood i can get talkative from time to time and when i do i usually don't care if i should have a formal attitude , i spill it out even if it seems like inappropriate . try to get alcohol close to me and i'll smash your head with the bottle . :d ry : in order of preference : yellow , white , brown , green and indigo . i love music so my answer is : i love to love , i love to love you so much i want to share and do i love to love , i love to love you i want to find a way to you i'll tell you a secret ... it would awesome to date another infj , but i would need that secret trick that shows me i'm actually with an infj . everyone has something special , but it takes the special thing from another to activate it . it is like a chain reaction . until it gets activated , you may not even be aware you have it . what piss me most is people not caring at all . when i reach rage , i would feel too tired to actually do anything with it , so my rage = tiredness = sleep . '