' i definitely see infp reading what you've written , and especially reading between the lines in how you've written . but that's just my thought , and it certainly doesn't mean you aren't borderline . i ... i would guess infj based on your answers and my experiences with an infj friend . infj would be ni-fe-ti-se , so your hypothesis would be right . as an enfp , i will say that your answers and mine would ... welcome ! i'll take you up on that beer if i ever run into you at a pub . i'll drink a whisky for you tonight instead of a screwdriver . to bring balance to the force . why do you consider yourself an introvert ? if that was directed at me , the answer is no to the first and yes to the second . no , not unless they deserve it . you're more than welcome ! i hope it was at least somewhat helpful . :) okay , so to start off , the disorders ( and murky diagnosis presented to me ) do make it it hard to accurately identify you . my experience would tell me you're an infj , but ... well , it could be an ... hey , man , welcome to the forum ! hope you enjoy your time here ! i prefer both , but if i have to choose , i'd rather be liked . hey ! sorry about the delay , life grabbed me and threw me around a bit . it was pretty out of the blue . anyway , to answer your question both of those sound wrong . obviously there is one clear truth to ... hey ! so i used to test as an entp but recently started coming up enfp . since you guys ought to be capable of recognizing the difference a minor devil and someone as like you , i thought i'd ask for ... i just wanted to pop in for a bit and share some things , plus mix in a question . because i was the first person to ask you lovely enfps a question , i've received quite few random thanks and quote ... for the beauty of controlled chaos and destruction captured in a single image . a millisecond earlier everything was in stasis and a moment later it'll all fall apart , but for this eternal instant ... so recently i've started testing as enfp . i used to test strongly as an entp . events between the two tests include 5 non-consecutive months abroad in russia , then europe . mostly they were emotionally ... i'm going to let you in on a secret : i'm really good at self order , even if i leave the outside world in chaos ( mostly because i can handle chaos better than most giving me an advantage ) . when it ... this . i like this . going through hobbies like wildfire , half-mastering them before moving on is exactly what i do . haha i think you're envisioning too romantic of a dock . think more along the lines of ocean , pavement , and a tent set up for the passengers unloading in the rain . i would say you strike me as ... eh , our boat was late , etc . i would prefer drinking and flirting , but then we would have been stuck at the dock . well , that's basically the highest heresy for an entp to say . for me , taking charge means things are about to get done fast and it's gonna work . if that means i'm going to push a few people into ... there's a reason i'm hyperactive on here only once or twice a year . i run out of real things to do . :) okay , to me , that leans more towards entp . i was going entj before ( which is still possible ) , but that sounds similar to how i act in social situations . but do you need order personally , or do you ... thanks , bugs . hopefully this thread helps someone . honestly , it's horribly out of date in the sense that i now know i'm an entp . but your post is extremely helpful for anyone caught between the two . my first question is : have you read any of the mbti personality descriptions ? when i log on after months of inactivity and see posts in this thread , i chuckle . yeah , i tend to infer negative signals , then overthink things . ;) yes , i meant to write something different . i mentioned it earlier in the thread , but i don't remember what it was . yes . so much so that it occasionally comes up on tests . a few years ago i really embraced christianity ( the rationalism of that decision is not up for debate within this thread ) and it has definitely ... there's a balance somewhere between these two very valid points . i wouldn't provoke someone into a conflict , but i would pursue the topic until i received an honest answer . i'd rather they told me ... when you're stressed , are you more likely to over-think things in general or do you infer negative signals from everything you observe ? i mean , i do both to a degree , but i think it's more ... sugarpop oh . i didn't know this got stickied ... no wonder i'm being quoted 5 months later . what's something you ( enfps ) hate doing ? no affiliation ? so irish descent ? the only thing about you that says ' northern ' is the absence of southern genteelness . but , the south's become so polluted you can't go off of that anymore . i think you scared off all the mushy people who usually do the greeting . your writing style ... are you from the uk ? i promise i don't have the time , nor motivation , to track down anyone called ... hey , it's great to have you ! if you don't mind me asking , where are you from ? i assume english isn't your first language if you feel the need to apologize for it . ( though it seems perfectly fine so ... i think this might be ne related . because i do the same thing . wait ... what time zone is india in ? do you even sleep ? it also says you haven't been active since february of last year . no , hahahhaha i was referring to your avatar . and i can't go to your profile page . it always ends up sending me to marshmallow's page . you might need to change your name or get an admin's help with ... hahahaha , oh my . yes , i definitely believe you're an intj . i shall announce my presence by arguing with the most respected person around ! granted , he was a motm yet , but still . at least you did ... nah , i see you more as a guy with a light beard and really intense stare . now i understand everything you're saying and believe you to be intelligent . i was worried for a second you were treating everything he said as absolute truth . obviously , you are right about jung's ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-sALU_hveA you have been deprived . so could you be an extrovert who's currently suppressed ? i ask because i went through something similar when i moved from the place where i grew up ( city full of friends ) to the middle of nowhere ... this is totally a personal question , but did something happen to cause that shift ? like an environment change or growing an extra nose and not liking how it looked ? p . s . everytime i see your name , ... when i joined , the newbies didn't form around me and form a gang . 0 . o must be your charming personality ! welcome to perc , you and all your fresh-friends ! eh , i was hoping for something like i'd never be able to use restrooms again . do you have any i / e preference ? flustered is a start . what if it was on a stage ? or if a complete stranger said that to you in a public restroom ? i'm sure the stereotype is accurate for some people , i was just advising you not to base your type off of it . all types go through depression . cool ! so do you have any idea what your personality type is ? i love intro threads , because if i'm talking to the op , i can't go off topic . glad we helped you resolve it , at least somewhat . it helps when a profile distinguishes between common traits and core traits . and you may well have entered the test with a bias ; i've taken the tests ... '