' i'm still trying to understand the difference between a type 7 sx / so and a so / sx . or just the difference between so / sx and sx / so in general . anyone care to help me out ? entjs are generally 8 or 3 ( commonly ) . the apparent difference is any difference between 8 and 3 , the differences are probably better explained in other threads . isfp without a doubt kills my soft side . esfp too . truth right there . haha .. i enjoy the thought of people thinking im impressive , / honesty but i don't necessarily brag . i used to love weed . but now for some reason it gives me intense paranoia . i now only enjoy it before / after sex or going to sleep . the problem is you're wrong , and you use no logic in your ... 17 i would like to say that post is half-way joking , but it's probably closer to the truth i use facebook to talk to babes and look attractive to babes so they know me . i enjoy making statuses simply to see how many likes i will get . i really try not to reveal any actual personal ... i used to love the ganja but i somehow have been conditioned an aversion to it . i'll still do it if someone offers for free , but not to the extent where i used to buy it and use regularly . alcohol ... entp's ( from what i can tell , and personal experience in being one ) can very easily separate emotions from actions . i . e i can be a very fake fake person if i want to . it's not really a good quality , ... ( taking some stuff from other posters ) order of whats happening by decreasing likelihood ( may be a bit blunt sorry ) 1 . he doesn't like you , or isn't attracted to you for whatever reason and ... yeah well , that's just like , your opinion man . well actually , i came asking a legit question albeit in a douchey way that i did clarify was jest . when people responded with real answers to that question , i answered normally back . maybe you should ... please name more than two things i have said this whole time that is a meme ? maybe you don't get out enough where you think some things are only said on the internet . get out of here . i already mentioned that it was in jest and that i actually know that intjs are different . please get offended more . maybe you should check at what the other people said about me crying to the ... caesar * there was a school announcement ( in texas obv ) before the pledge of alleigance , the person said ( which this never happens ) it was a win for the good guys today and that it was a good ... i never knew i quoted what i sent to a friend when i was raging for insight . i posted a tl ;d r for you to read tl ;d r why is everything i say somehow become a world theory ? why the hell can't you just take it as ... did you get a masters / / post-grad degree in statistics ? what's it like ? definitely intj . he has no ne point taken this is the type of answer i was looking for . i know intj's are hard to understand and was looking for the insight from the people that know them best i'm not trying to say all intjs are like that , obviously , i know many intj's that are all different in a lot of ways . instead , i'm asking the intj forum , to make sense of what i said . if i just ... conversation btw me and friend so i don't have to re-type this : i was saying that what the person said on the announcements was insensitive . ( talking about school announcements to the whole school ... wondering if i typed a girl i know correctly ^ ^ what you saw was probably ti + fe , but no one can really be sure . ti + fe can make an intricate set of values that start by ti ( logicial consistency ) and then using that with fe ( sensitivity for others ... michael you're being a douche hahahaha . hmwith isn't trying to debate you , simply asking the usage of fi by entp's ... callie would be the person you would want to argue that point against i guess i'm just different in the fact that i enjoy both s and n in relationships . i have many many n friends that i guess i can get my fix for talking about abstract things with . i don't feel the ... well that's dumb . honestly the j and p are just helpers to find the actual 4 functions . a p can much look like a j and the other way around . those people probably don't know much about mbti judging type ? or a judgemental person ? you can be judgemental and still be a p . but a te is much more likely to be judgemental than a ti in the idea that ti kind of opens itself up to everything whereas te is more closed down type of ... what do you mean ? simple story : me and estp friend combined powers to convince 10 + people at a party to play fire limbo , i . e there was a fire , we had to large flimsy sticks severely on fire and had an intense game ... i used to maybe do this at middle school ages 11-14 or so . but i actually find my best time ( satisfies my fe and ti ) in pointing out other people's flaws in their judgement of other people . in fact ... i can't really grasp the idea that a lot of people cling to that an n has to match up with another n and that an s has to match up with another s . the first two functions may be different ( lets ... yeah , anyways what i'm saying is , if i love stats now , would i enjoy advanced stats ( especially since i hate calculus-esque math ) high developed ti + fe can look a lot like fi . fi and ti are highly similar for the fact that ti is inner logical consistency , whereas fi is ethical consistency . a developed fi would first have to ... i'm taking basic statistics right now , and everything is very easy , i just get it it all makes sense to me . anyways i'm wondering are advanced statistics later in college boring ? i'm generally okay ... in abstract thinking i would say entp will definitely help an entj . i . e if i were to make a website for an entj ( that was supposed to make money ) most likely what would happen is i would define ... your result for the best personality type for you test ... isfp - the composer you scored 25 i versus e , 60 n versus s , 40 f versus t , and 40 j versus p ! your ideal romantic partner is known as ... high possibility that he's no longer attracted to you they're almost completely different entp = ne ti fe si entj = te ni se fi you'll find an entj is more about getting things done , they're like estj's except they will see the validity in other ... this is the worst theory i've ever heard in my life . based on your description , you're an entp . no . once again you're wrong . if you are taking the functions of mbti and bastardizing them into your own theory . sure , you could create your own theory , and of course there is a lot more to human ... haha . it really is the best combo if you're already likeminded . intuitvely understand eachother from the outside . whenever we hangout we know exactly what eachother is doing and why . similar values ... not necessarily . you may have developed a high fi of values but thats not what the function means persay . having a very strong fi and ti is contradictory . the functions are based on how you gather ... food = anything that is like breads , i agree , is awesome , but i've expanded my tastes ;) movies .. i don't really enjoy for some reason . but i like ones that make you think once in a while ( requiem ... entp . most people are putting out the worst way to figure out an entp enfp difference . are you ne , fi , te , si ? or are you ne , ti , fe , si ? ne / / ti is a very strong .. may i say , ... i think they make the best bffzlsz dad - intj mom - esfj or enfj not sure , leaning towards enfj . brother - entj sister - no idea . maybe intj or istj i'm good at math .. generally good = better than the average person . when i study i do alright , ( like b's ) , but i have problems with doing the homework for math and doing endless formulas , etc . etc ... i understand what you mean when you say think they're more emotional than they really are and yes . don't underestimate a tertiary fe . i think intimantely the thing that gets to an entp the most is ... '