' do you got that job ? http://kokosovar.free.fr/grah.gif ok ! ! ! ... a more serious question ... mhhh who do you like the most : zorro or the sergeant garcia ? explain why , with ... dude are you sure you are not an infp ? it's like that for me too :p since i don't give a fuck about achievement in itself but instead care about achieving what is worth my efforts and that i really don't care to be productive ; except when i've promised a job fast and ... once that you made your difference a quality in your eyes ; understood that by being different you will never be understood / liked by most people , and that you took some balls to not let people tell ... some other shadow of the colossus awesomeness youtube - shadow of the colossus hta - colossus 5 youtube - shadow of the colossus speedrun colossus 13 trico , the next project from the same ... http://kokosovar.free.fr/grah.gifI could post you some more ! ! youtube - shadow of the colossus - ps2 - 03 - third colossus [ 1/1 ] it's a little indie adventure game with to my taste a freaking sick art direction and an amazing universe ; buy games like that people if you want to encourage the videogame industry to stay a ... no . but that's only just 30 millions of girls . : tongue : hey , i'm french .. what's up ? lol well it learned me a lot about electrical engineering and automatism / regulation what a question . as i was on my own , it certainly also learned me to organize myself better . but it also learned me ... i saw it coming , you doubt instigator ;p http://kokosovar.free.fr/grah.gif http://images.flm.fr/141009/17.jpg ... edit : i forgot to say that it's a joke ; i should say it more often haha yeah .. a little bit , but it's intended to be seen more generally speaking ;P and seriously i love when people interpret the way they want , i shouldn't even have told it :p haha that would be a cool explanation actually more deeper than what i had in mind ! keep it that way haha :D actually the idea is that the little uninteresting guy in the bottom creates for ... well it's creepy when you start forgetting yourself too much in the favor of the other person who don't understand from where all that attention is coming ; x hahaha ape , it's really not a man crush ; but i have to confess that a little bit of yourself is a part of the theme behind this quick silly drawing i did today : ... haha thanks a lot , i'm not sure if the message works that well :) 23 to actualize : happy : and his one thousand-one wonders http://kokosovar.free.fr/storyteller.jpg take something that is at your size first , and in which you aren't swimming , because it's the global silhouette that is the more important . make sure to always take something that fit you around ... when you start to joke between two girls which is the better dressed and .. that's it's your friend's girlfriends ... yeah i saw it happening more than one time ... : happy : totally , i know ; but at least you know what you need to do; because be sure of one thing : it's not someone else that will find the answer for you : happy : so find yourself something to live for , something to run after wishing that you will never catch it : happy : i won't make a very long post of advice , to be honest i don't even know what specific advice i could give you , and maybe the thing that i propose is over simplified . but that feeling of ... personally i see you more like that pigeon ape http://www.cavemancircus.com/wp-content/uploads/images/2009/june/pictures_taken_exactly_at_the_wrong_time/1233355284.jpg the monty pythons , ... i ... i'm not aggressive , please . i'm a complete smooth ball of fur ... : tongue : well i'm totally heterosexual , but i can't help noticing that i've seen more homosexual and bisexual people on this forum than during my whole life . but maybe i knew some without knowing them ? haha ! oh well i mean it just for special occasions : laughing : the only problem is that infps and enfps both frustrate each other in their social orientation . one will need more intimate relationships when the other will want to get to know as much people as ... orange , yellow and brown are the colors tones i use the most in my drawings , with pretty loud contrasts too . i like that warm , sensual , earthy , alive and stimulating atmosphere . i really can't tell ... nobody else than me and essay likes orange on this thread ? even for its sensual warmth and burning optimism or what ? orange underwear ... gasp : tongue : that's orange and yellow http://beehivestudio.typepad.com/.a/6a00e54f9cbc5e8834010536153474970b-800wi haha cool idea of thread ! : happy : good thing that i did it some years before ... gogo guys ! ! http://kokosovar.free.fr/richz.png you are the kokos type : you don't really strive for something in life but to create strong connections with a few number of people you respect and want to share things with . you don't like ... of course he is having fun , he is here for that ; and you give him what he wants . but oh well , go ahead , discuss , debate and play the devil advocate * rolling eyes * . i will make you a list of insults if you want . so you can hide behind something , you poor persecuted little troll . haha i'm glad you have fun , you are sure fun too to expose to the light son . no need wasting my time using irony with someone as clever as you ape . more directly , the message works much better ... : happy : and at least nobody fall into your little trap . and hey , ... let me quote it one more time for you . name calling is actually the only opposing perspective possible to the crap you write , i'm proposing it . but maybe it's not at your taste silly fucker . ... i've got an idea kid ; why don't you go write your fine crafted pieces of crap elsewhere instead of polluting those forums where people want to debate constructively . you could maybe write them ... what is a troll ? . in internet slang , a troll is someone who posts controversial , inflammatory , irrelevant or off-topic messages in an online community , such as an online discussion forum , chat ... making people understand themselves and the others . nothing else sincerely i think i would have made a nicely frustrated idealist school teacher , , , i'm glad ! ! ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LzoqHbftTg8 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Cp4gz5uB00 well ... erhh ... good luck blissfulwish . don't forget that if you are demanding , you should have something to give that's how it would feel like if the tables were turned . hopefully you will find ... i just wanted to add that , as the scars teach , they teach you to protect yourself , not to open your real self to the others and to love . it's important to feel in security in the world and your ... rcuai , the calm , maybe too calm unorganized motherfucker : cool : global 5 : sloan rcuai ; sloan + r | c | uai ; primary calm ; r ( 58 % ) c (8 0 % ) u ( 72 % ) a ( 56 % ) i ( 68 % ) rcuai : 2.3 % of women ; 5.2 % of men avoidant , ... yep ! your artwork is really cool snail , didn't knew you were drawing : happy : . i mostly agree with all the themes you did there , although it made me cringe a little , because of that particular over ... i'm sure they fart a lot ! cool article . : happy : haha , it's something that always troubled me about myself , i already did long presentations to + 100 people audiences and i had no problem captivating such a public , ... '