' human ? i could never relate to someone like that . someone said i looked ( i'm 25 ) my age . i know this isn't even the right / same thread ( cause it's twin was closed ) - but i'm still making sure i'll have all my bases covered , if darude 11 shows up . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HS0m-TBBOyM updated version of an old classic . liwc dimension your data male average female average need for achievement 2.03 5.8 5.6 i just looked at a blog made by some artsy photographer girl , and i felt like i wanted to vent . the blog had the typical pictures of pretty boys and girls in beautiful nature and settings . people ... i'm kinda awkward never . if i never got anything out of them , i would never have befriended them in the first place . otherwise i don't really care what they do , murder rape etc . i don't approve of rape but they're ... i wroter libertarians , but then realized i was wrong . but then realized i was actually right the first time so sorry about that . libertarians was the word i was searching for . i'm left but i don't care about politics . it's too dull and .. ugghr .. who cares . people actually care about shit like that ? ? : sad : most people probably only care because they're supposed to care ... your score : 40 0 - 32 = low ( most people with asperger syndrome or high-functioning autism score about 20 ) 33 - 52 = average ( most women score about 47 and most men score about 42 ) 53 - 63 is ... yea , i'm so over the mbti . i am an infp as in ' i'm not the other ones ' , but i can't really relate to my fellow infp people anymore , or i can but no i can't . when i first came upon it i embraced it ... warning ! generalizations of certain vulgarity ahead ! i just watched first half of mini series ' band of brothers ' and i can easily imagine some of the greatest and bravest soldiers being estj's . i ... http://i39.tinypic.com/1z5m26x.jpg i have no idea but apparently i'm such a narcissist , without the love . the human filth .. yup , when i was six years old . i used to dance on the table . then the sun rose maybe a few too many times which , as it happens , caused me to grow out of my boy shoes . as i bore no child's name no ... yes , two and a half times . last time were almost five years ago though . i don't like the taste of alcoholic beavarages and i don't like the way i present myself while on them . i wouldn't mind ... i've been skinny my entire life until recently when i've gained loads and loads of weight and started going to the gym . but even though the scale says i'm almost overweight i still feel super skinny ... i loved the garden hose when i was a kid . ( and no , this is not in anyway related to the question of the original poster ) . i think watching painted / photographed art is awfully dull [ unless something cool is happening on the pictures ] , but that guy salvador dali did some okay stuff . i have all the symptoms of this . it severely affects my life and i haven't been able to make a new friend in ten years . it's a very confusing situation to be in though . it's like .. i want to have ... i wish . it seems so awesome and cool . a hot naked chick is walking up to you and you're like : hm . it seems like a hot naked chick is walking up to me . this is a situation i am perfectly neutral to ... mother : isfj . father : i don't really know him that well . ixxp is the furthest i can go . there's actually a very slight possibility he could be hiding an infp personality somewhere in there . the ... after reading five pages of this thread , i think i'm slightly more suicidal swedish pop from 1989 , written and performed by a nervous genius . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p6m9FDyLemI swedish pop from 1989 , written and performed by a nervous genius . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oDO2m6L5Kuk does it ? if it does , i don't think i'm really capable of it since i never loved my family or anyone else . i find people interesting in general , admire some of them and prefer those who acknowledge ... i don't care i'm sorry , really , but that's bullshit a 2 . no just kidding , i'm not that good-looking i'm not scared of death . but . there's so many things i should have done but so few things i did . every minute i'm older then i've ever been before and i find it a heavy burden to carry . i need some ... libraries / free information is about the most beautiful thing humankind have come up with historically . if it's obsolete in 20-30 years it's not a good thing . i'm just asking out of curiosity : why is ... i usually google search a nice word , close my eyes , and randomly press the mouse button and whichever picture i land on is my desktop background for whatever time ... last time i googled ... i don't know ; i'm infp and i'm just like that someone . i can't concentrate enough to move past the fact that it's just a bunch of words on a page . it kinda sucks , cause i want the story and the ... definitely . i have tried to be everything . apathic , empathic , cold , serious , funny , absurd , relaxed , sad , happy , deep , shallow . nothing really works . people just don't like me . i can't be myself ... it was nice but , just like sex , kind of overrated . i think the moments just before the kiss were more special . ( we were sitting next to each other in the bed in a dark room , both i guess at the same ... possibly true about the unhealthy thing . i'm unhealthy and recognize myself in large chunks of the description . i would either ... 1 ) i'm ( in theory ) for bringing an end to the monetary system , so i would want to join or collect a group of intelligent people who is sharing my vision , and use the power ... never watched a second of it and i don't want to . i know at least one really intelligent person who watches it though , but he ( i would guess ) is more of an entp or entj or estp . i watch survivor ... i don't find anything fun . maybe i did when i was a kid ; i don't know . nah .. i do stuff to either have some satisfying feeling , because i expect to have a satisfying feeling in the future , because i ... i watched 11 episodes of death note in one sitting a few days ago cause i wanted to give an anime series a chance . the story was alright .. but the annoying intro song , the recurring people noises ... i was quite intrigued by that piece of footage . how come you made it ? slytherin obviously sometimes thats funny when its just us guys . - actually no it isn't , but i liked that you followed my advice in the man thread . kudos ! really . i'm pleased to hear you did yourself some growing , my perceptions are already awesome though well it won't matter anyway ? either i don't get the girl and know why or i don't get the girl . ( oh and if i sound bitter it's probably just because .. i am ) regardless if it's funny or not the point behind it is somewhat true imo . either way i dun ' wanna filter my thoughts in accordance to whether there are girls or boys around some of the ladies here sure have high standards . probably much easier to be a girl ; all you have to do is look decent and have a boob-job . man i don't wanna fight lions or furniture for your ... the wire - bodie , bubbles , omar , mcnulty , bunk - these fictional murderers have a bigger place in my chest than any real life people i know why is the wire the best show ever made ? it's better ... four masterpieces . grave of the fireflies - makes everyone and their uncle cry . once upon a time in america - probably my all time favourite picture . everyone needs to stay away from the ... '