' i think the tree example works well . for me , ne is wild . it progresses between related things very quickly . the relatedness of its topics is sometimes spacial , temporal , ideological ... and sometimes ... post deleted . too personal . i need a date with an intj ! god dammit . opps , wrong thread . lol i am on this website right now because i feel lonely and i don't want to do my homework . i don't understand people anymore , and i'm tired of them getting all flustered when i stand up for myself ... hell yeah ! go infp's ! bah ... nevermind i don't know how you've come to that conclusion . have we been reading the same thread ? it seems to me that most infp's desire an emotional bond before sex . if two infps knew each other and liked each ... their tendency to be self-deprecating a . k . a . this thread oh really ? i'd totally play in his sandbox . bwhahaha ... sorry , i had to . it was just too easy . yes . i've had this issue too . i remember being really frustrated in statistics class because my professor would just throw equations at us and use super complicated statistical language without first ... is your avatar from a flaming lips concert ? it looks just like a picture i have from bonaroo 2010 ! enjoy ! http://a2.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-ash2/154244_459857721765_506076765_6089046_2517977_n.jpg 5 minute sketches ... http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v336/chewtheloser/diadelosmuertos1.jpg?t=1325416382 http://a4.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-snc3/20646_267593971765_506076765_3899922_2984279_n.jpg and , to be frank , i love intjs from a highly idealistic standpoint . though i am very attracted to their qualities , i tend to admire them from afar . their matter-of-factly way of speaking and wit ... i like biology a lot too and theory in general ( hence my interest in mbti ) , but there is something about theoretical physics that i still haven't been able to identify that makes me want to take my ... my friends make fun of me because i laugh really , really hard at my own dumb jokes ... i also laugh at funny sounding words , but mostly i laugh at nonsensical thoughts that pop into my head . i was having a conversation the other day with my enfp friend , who happens to be a chemistry major , when , on a whim , i admitted one of my darkest secrets : theorectical physics totally turns me ... um ... i've totally had that and a lot of things on here said to me . lol you speak the truth ! lol yes ! agreed ! however , intelligence is also an evolutionary developement which occured to ensure the survival and dominance of our species . instinct and intelligence are both designed to ... i apologize in advance for how long this message will be . i have a lot to say . some of it is venting , but i'd like to believe a lot of it is useful , too . * applause * bravo ! bravo ! very good ! ... http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v336/chewtheloser/100_0221.jpg?t=1279298581 sometimes i call my really positive , upbeat enfj friends . ( they are two of the four true friends i have ) it takes a lot of will power to turn off the headphones , pick up the phone and dial , but i ... if somebody said this to me , i think i'd crumple and melt into a pathetic puddle of goofy , senseless adoration . what a way to win my heart ! tell me i'm odd and that you love me still ! * sigh * lol . ( awkward silence ) why are you so weird ? has anyone ever told you that you're a strange girl ? god , you're so weird . i've never met anyone like you . i miss you . why don't you just do ... for some people , yes , i am sure you are . lol . that being said , i spend my life looking for things that are intense and meaningful . my two best friends are enfjs and i love that about them . they don't ... word up , flora . lol . i totally agree ! i was being defensive and childish , and thinking , i could post a thread asking what infps hate about intjs , since intjs seem to hate everything i say so ... lol . that is so something my ex entj would say . is that you , j ? lol . if so , read her words again and you will have officially read my mind about what it was like to be with you ... especially the last ... i just explained the whole thing in detail , but i think i'll just say , yes . lol nevermind . this is useless . i assumed ( and incorrectly in your case ) that i was among people with completely differing opinions , willing to learn about themselves and others on this forum ... not arrogant , pompous internet ... well , then ! that makes more sense . i thought somebody was either confused or in denial about their personality type . i find that a lot of exfxs want desperately to believe that they are rational ... call me crazy , but that statement does not seem to coincide with the nature of the introverted , analytical intj to me . it sounds very much like the opinion of an exraverted type rather than that of ... city lfe , millions of people being lonesome together . ~ henry david thoreau having been born and raised , and still presently living in new york city , i have some very strong sentiments about ... you guys make me laugh ... in a good way , of course ! lady gaga ? ew . everything . lol if you were referring to feelers in general then you were referring to all feelers . for someone who likes to ramble about how they are a thinker and how the conclusions they arrive at are always ... i think that's a xnxp thing . this isn't relevant , but i love intps . how about i make it relevant : when infps pop up on your forum and randomly express their love for you . lol . i've learned a lot of things , and i've found that i keep learning the same lessons on a different scale as time passes . it's hard to think of the most fundamentally life altering . but for the sake of ... smiling . hot . clean . hot . i'm sorry . i overreacted . only the first reply to this thread was a joke . but it really , really pissed me off . i am really disappointed that a lot of you infps are treating this like a damn joke . as an infp , as far as romantic relationships are concerned , a more practical approach for me would be to find someone ... well , who values practicality more than i do . lol . and that means a en * j .   ... “ happiness is like a butterfly : the more you chase it , the more it will elude you , but if you turn your attention to other things , it will come and sit softly on your shoulder … ” ~ thoreau we ... [ quote = android 654 ; 528655 ] nope ! i'm not just saying it . i'm an infp , too ! and you know what ? there are a lot of apathetic people out there and i am not one of them . to me , that is paramount . i ... ooopss ... i got excited . lol . oh boy , forumgasm ... lol . i ask myself this question every damn day . * sigh * lol . in high school i was obsessed with balding men .  .. ... . it makes me sad to read this because i know i've done it . infps are very selective about who they let into their little world . i can't even begin to express how incredibly guarded we can be . but ... '