' alright these kind of videos really bother me , because not following your passion i think affects you negatively and ultimately get in the way of your happiness . my passion was always space . i loved ... just as planned good idea guys . we can patent this and make millions no wtf . money means nothing to me . i can give you my prized japanese katana that i have slain my enemies with . that truly means something to me . i dunno man , but that's just it , and the beauty ... you know how you will never forget this story . if you marry me . yeah man i felt bedtime stories didn't do a good job of explaining the harsh terrors and realities of the world our children will come to face after they leaves their homes of comfort so i wanted to ... did you not like it i'm glad i inspired you :) but then the detective burst through the door ! turns out he paid for a hobo with matching compatibility to get plastic surgery to look like him , killed the hobo and made it look like a suicide , and ... she had a fatal heart disease and needed to get her heart transplanted . it was the day before her heart surgery and she was with her boyfriend . she was scared and he held her in his arms and said ... yeah sure dude . i don't have specific authors but i do have some specific works i enjoy . inventory by guenter eich and a white man's burden by kipling . kipling's poem is great because it has a ... i am . a lot of my favorite stories that give insight are epic poems and i think my favorite one is paradise lost by john milton . i do like a lot of the other classics like the odyssey and the iliad ... i'm a physics and math major . i held 4 jobs at once ( i was a math tutor , a physics tutor ( two different spots on campus ) , a physics teaching assistant and a research assistant ) and also pulled off a ... dude no offense , but basing your career life decision on a myers briggs test is a really bad move . a lot of the things with myers briggs lack scientific validity and statistically are short on ... yeah for sure ! whatever you do helps out in the end , all this experience will definitely prep you if you can get them done at a good state near university and are able to manage the time then i'd definitely say go for it , but i don't think ap classes are too far behind . personally i'd just ... i disagree on that . i think ap classes do get you in the correct mindset especially for college and entering it . i'd consider ap euro and ap us history to be the ones where i had to think the most , ... well if any ya'll need any ap physics or math help hit me up if you want . i never took the ap physics course myself , but i've been a teaching assistant for the college level version so i have some ... that's awesome but take the ap classes because you enjoy the process of learning . no need to get arrogant about it . dawg i'm happy when people are excited about their academics but there's no need to get hostile . yeah they do make you think and they will get you in the mindsight and they are not about memorization ... crap i didn't see this topic , whatever i'll post it here anyway : i'm a physics phd candidate and i graduated in physics and math . i can cover anything featuring physics or math if you have any ... i'm a physics phd candidate and i graduated in physics and math . i can cover anything featuring physics or math if you have any questions and ap us history and ap euro ( i ' rusty but i was able to get ... man this is a trip down memory lane lol . i graduated in 2010 and i took 4 ap classes ( ap euro , ap us history , ap calculus , and ap lit ) i definitely think ap classes are a really good thing ... bachelors : physics , phd : physics , i want to work at nasa and be an astronaut later quick question , are you gunning for an undergraduate degree , or graduate degree , and what's your current age ? you're still going to test the dichotomies the same way . if you're doing the j / p , n / s , t / f directly , you're going to see how many people match up to your variables . the stats lead to saying it's a ... you're going to have to look into the theory of field in / dependence itself . but from what i've seen there isn't any major arguments against using it in a classroom setting . so if field in / dependence ... i don't know . i'm not a psych major or do research in it . from what i can tell field dependence is used for classroom type things and has been used for things similar to this and it seems to have a ... yeah because a correlation coefficient means a high covariance . a low covariance makes a relationship linear which is why it's a really nice thing along with correlation coefficient . if you know the ... i read the definition of field dependence and found examples of it in classrooms : here is the definition of field dependence : in the field-dependent / independent model of cognitive or learning ... ok that's great about the big 5 . now does the big 5 also follow a normal distribution . the mbti doesn't talk about cognitive functions then i'm not really sure if they can call themselves mbti ... it's literally myers briggs theory dude . i interpreted it because not everything has to be exactly spelled out in a research paper and it usually isn't . the entj vs entp j / p dichotomy directly has a ... the only dichotomies that have any good correlations are e and i and the rest are like . 3 correlations . the dichotomies themselves don't directly relate to the functions but they share some stuff ... that's actually why the covariance was made . that's why a bimodal ( two normal distributions for two modes for a time and size dependence ) is very favorable . there are ways to make sure these factors ... i read nardi's stuff and what he's saying isn't wrong , but he's a researcher . he's trying to assert that his research his right because that's all researchers want . they all want to be funded , paid ... chinese room never really debunked it . it just challenged it and the methodology of it . computational psych is still a valid theory and i agree that it's not the only facet and as someone who went ... correlation goes directly into variance . a high variance for a study is a very bad thing , and a low correlation asserts a high variation because variance determines how spread out the data is . for ... moving onto the bigger issue with the myers-briggs : decision consistency . the myers-briggs proclaims a reliability ( calculated using coefficient alpha ) of between . 75 - . 85 on all of its scales ( see ... could you elaborate another great article . i didn't post it before since it wasn't a research article but i think it has some relevance now : the myers-briggs personality test is pretty much meaningless | smart news | ... you summarized that point really well alright then we get back to my original point that we apparently both agree on . there may be a correlation but it's very weak and not dependable and when we use things like ti , fe or si or whatever ... congrats you quoted a dude . now show me a graph and a data set to see if it actually follows a bell curve . just show me a data set and a graph . i don't care about the big 5 , i just want to see if this is an actual bell no you literally don't know any statistics . seriously dude , you more or less agreed with me . you're not going to find some normally distributed curve for data with myers briggs and the correlation coefficient with this is going to be low . ... yeah because it's a fucking population size . of course a bimodal is going to be favorable . a bimodal is just two normal distribution curves together . that's all it is . what he says in the article is ... seriously bro i'm going to be honest , but if you can't find me an article with that one thing i'm not going to take you seriously . especially in social sciences , you need a bell curve if you're ... can you find me one research article that shows myers briggs correlations follows a somewhat normally distributed curve ? i dunno man , i think at least coming from a mathematics / researcher point of view i find myers briggs troubling because it doesn't really have anything back it up . coming from a mathematics point ... '