' when you are actually an isfj now , 99 % of all the lurkers are likely true intjs . i met two . they find all forms of emotion illogical . now to figure out what everyone else is , we should type them all . intps i am unsure of ... hrrm . i don't know what an estp looks like , but i'll just go explain the entj . he doesn't believe in type , and seems to react aggressively against this . unfortunately , it is simply a ... whoop ! i discriminate ! i shall do it in a positively constructive manner ! :) curious how nobody responded . figured you guys liked researching , and would like to research . hrrm . maybe i'm looking in the wrong place . hrrm . not total opposites . hrrm . they do use the same things we do , it is simply that we do not understand each other . i knew one that litterally said i don't understand . of course , you could ... those would be our conflictors , the entps . we should speak through their duals , the true infjs . the estps are probably our duals . hrrm . interesting . i have a thought . hrrm . if this can happen to fe , it can happen to all the others too . fi , si , se , ni , ne , and so on and so forth . probably driven by our conflictors . dear infp , thank you for teaching me everything i know . sincerely alomoes its like with the movie it's a wonderful life . it's a wonderful life - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia on the contrary , i bow my head to everyone else . i've watched a video on the hand signals and such that people use . i nod a lot , which seems to be a form of bowing . this probably means ... not fe , but my ni was shut down several times . ne resulted . this is when i was infp . then i learned . query , could there be such a person that looks like a depressed infj ? could be stalin is an ... i can do both easily . in fact , i can so the symmetry thing incredibly easily with my arms . would you like me to ask my infp friend ? he is 100 % visual , and memorizes traits of people .   ... adding stalin as a sad infj . i will learn how help you all . i love this place . hi . i'm a recluse . http://youtu.be/MhqOVA0OlqU only thing that i learned from the intj . hrrm . if all these people are typed correctly , then these people do two things , look like bach , and don't give me any information . so yeah . i'm out . so , using ne ? i can do that . porbblesnorp . and yes you have . the lack of any thoughts to the contrary impresses me . you really are a more perfect version of myself , aren't you ? there aren't any ... jung and i look the same . :P remember , his definition of p and j was all screwy back then . he probably thought he was an infp . which would have been right . i think . : s it was screwy . either ... where we vi other people and explain how we did so , along with how we would do so . i'll go first . 255498 bach . intj in socionics . i typed first initially by self report and a written ... and it isn't enfps , it is esfps . we are semi-duals . looks like an ok relation , but later on , you learn it is not . interesting right ? but yeah , in this forum , i can almost guarentee the rules of ... he didn't . i didn't . well first question is if you are serious or not . if you are , you'll go by the book characters and not the actors . second is who do you want typed ? one at a time or in a list is fine too . i like ... right . ok then , well , the outliers not concerned , i think the price jump for entjs / entps is pretty accurate . computer geeks are in high demand here . very high demand . and as for everyone who ... thread creator is likely infj . whoops . we'd understand and be more curious as to the effects of the drug , scholarly weirdos we are . silly moralistic and perfectionist weirdos , drugs lead to the ... welcome to your shadow . well , the way i see it , it isn't so much about the harm it does to ourselves . we don't care about that at all . we care about the harm it does to others . we will survive unless others tell us not ... just google surreal . should occupy you for a few minutes . silly fi doms . you guys are funny thinking you're intjs . have fun being intj . i think a lot of people who post here are serious about whatever they say hahahahahahaha . self validation is ... herrm . probably is entj . problem is these one of these types wants to be the other . one is true . makes typing hard . : c i don't know , but how do you know you aren't so or sp ? i don't know what i am , other than a very socially minded reformer that wishes to do good through learning . probably won't , but still . have ... the person above me is a mistype . istj . si is the thrills type . these people like to think of personality as dynamic , so makes sense why . it isn't . it is like poe described . but i will try not ... oh . hrrm . that would fit the description of delta . well , just so you know , i predict the existance of a type that i cannot understand except through one on one conversation , isolating himself from ... i'm going to put in infp . we still can communicate , because of our shadows , but still . i don't know now with the 9w1 . hrrm . well , whatever you are , it likely makes up a few of the mistypes in ... well , do know mbti got the judging and prospecting types mismatched with introverts . infps use ne , unless they are under stress . also , isfj uses ne . it would help if i got an ne user down here to ... intuition , i think you mistyped . don't sound like fucks given = 0 bach ( pardon my language , i only use it when quoting ) . probably an fi dom , because understood this guy and empathized with him , ... that intp above is a mistyped infj . same smell i had , but wrong . case in point , my brother . wants reasoning for everything . unwilling to do research . unless not . half of these are mistyped infjs . really this comes from the misconception of what an intj is . an intj is someone who likes creating random stuff , much like infp / infjs do . see bach . i got a guy ... isfp / isfj . you are an artist right ? infj with strong fe . very strong fe . this means enfj ? hrrm . as a note , since beta , also obligated to this . http://youtu.be/Za2PJnCAkUA i'm pretty sure i know the type though . maybe ... well , then no . because you need reasoning , probably ne base . ni is a reasoning that was built over the course of the 18 years of my life . ne is reasoning right now . please don't make me use ne . ... ha you fools . infj . unless not . but she'll know . http://youtu.be/Za2PJnCAkUA if not isfj or isfp ? or the big lettered counterpart ? or something else all together ? infp / infj . to confirm : http://youtu.be/Za2PJnCAkUA i'm beggining to think patrick could be infj as well . hrrm . don't know . going of the indecisiveness ni / ne loop . oh no . this one ... oh , i was thinking he could be an intp , because while the name may be incorrect , the description isn't . characteristic intp face is einstein's when he's aware of a photo of himself . i know one , ... how can you tell your dominant from your auxillary or even your shadow ? i'm still not sure , because people tell me i use ne all the time . but i know i use ni , because i'm infj , and my thoughts go ... hrrm . i don't know . rather unsure . but the premise is that type is binary . those scores are accuracy of type . it means it thinks you are an intp , and there is a 33 % chance that it is right . you ... socionics estp . it is logic in the same way error cannot compute . and everyone uses all of the functions . everyone . i had this drilled into my head by an estj . they think i'm a psychopath because ... all the people here who do this are infj mistypes . i don't want to know why you are here . that would make me angry . all the people who don't are infps . perfection is their motto . infjs ... infj . take a look at jung . look at yourself . look at jung . you will know . do not tell anyone except if you really trust them . i know you really want to . there are people who use ne , our ... '