' , knight i only really have one thing to add to what animal said . it's times like this when i like to stop myself , look around me and remember all of the people in my life who have ... there is so much pain here ... making my heart break for you all ... - . - i hope you all are going to be all right . feeling bad is an okay thing to feel . don't forget that , and if you're not ready ... i have a co-worker who is an istj and i actually love to interact with him . i used to engage him in conversation every day near when work ended . he seemed kinda lonely too , but more than that , he ... yeah , sorry , i didn't mean to indicate otherwise , i was just chiming in with an often overlooked consideration . it's not a large enough boost to make it worth specifically switching for , but because ... official google webmaster central blog : https as a ranking signal google is actually boosting ranks of https sites now , and they have stated that they intend to further boost them in the future . if ... i guess we are on the same page after all ! =) it definitely would be nice if everyone were so reasonable . i think zamyatin does have a point though . work situations like this can be delicate , and being straight-forward - - while admirable - - ... have you looked much into the enneagram types ? the things you are saying are very much attributed towards type one individuals . i'm still reading a lot about this myself , so i can't offer too much ... i think that all of those points are great advice for anyone of any type . i think the one part in orange tends to relate to intp the most because they can get into ti / si loops when they forget to ... i feel a lot of relation here in terms of having primary functions that aren't really ideal for my particular gender . it was more of a problem when i was younger , as i got older though , it came to ... sorry to butt in . i just wanted to add that yeah , it is normal for every type to get the ' feels ' . for istps especially , you have extraverted feeling even if it is your fourth function ( inferior ) , ... it's possible that there is a bit of a shift from episode to episode ... maybe checking the dom + tert loops might reveal additional evidence to support one or the other ? personally , i stayed uninvolved in the thread until now . just wanted to point out that there were a bunch of infj viewing the thread and respecting the initial rules you had laid out for us not to ... i think this belongs here . =) it means a lot to me that you all responded so warmly ! istps are really pretty great ! ~ . ~ now i feel embarrassed about all the attention though . > . > thank you all very much , i look forward to ... i can attest to be a kinda crappy harsh infj sometimes myself . - . - i am trying to be better about that sort of thing , but i am still a work in progress . i try to apologize for the bad things i do ... as long as you don't go ludicrous speed ! ! =) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ygE01sOhzz0 holy crap ... you are nuts ! ! i get uncomfortable just going 90mph , and that is in a car ! that makes me wonder if maybe my dad was an istp ? my mom used to comment on him doing crazy things like ... that ... makes a lot of sense actually . you can actually see both their logic and perceptions . i've met a lot of very rational infp as well . one thing i really like about reading infp posts is the ... you know , this is not true . i have been wracking my brain for something meaningful and nice to say .. but the truth is that i have very little experience with istps . =( from what i have seen on the ... thank you , but i can also be pretty dumb sometimes . hopefully i am contributing more than i am diminishing though . :/ i have felt ... not disdain .. but ... i definitely do avoid it quite often . i'm not entirely sure why , but i feel a sense of dread and uneasiness when i read some of the things there at times . i've ... be careful about how much competence you display in your relationships ! my wife shared this with me today ... and i was ashamed to admit how true it is . entjs being super competent at many things : ... you have my condolences , oh weaver of nihil melodies . =( however , even if one makes a mistake , it doesn't need to be the end . when we learn from our mistakes , they become a part of us that makes ... realisticdreamer thank you for your posts . it is a breath of fresh air to see someone praising the traits of others . truly inspiring . ~ . ~ i also share your fascination with entjs . the one i ... just like a chinese finger trap . =) when one stops struggling so hard to make something happen , that is when it really does . my mistake then , i apologize . :/ see , i would love an interesting button for this sort of post ... :/ i think it boils down to a matter of weighing the pros and cons , because neither view is necessarily incorrect . i still think an interesting or insightful button might be worth considering . > . > i can think of various times people have called me sweety during an argument in a very condescending way ... :/ only my wife gets to do that ! i think you know that this isn't the only thing that you said , and it isn't the only information that was used for some of the others to reach their conclusions . maybe i am misinterpreting this , but ... i'd honestly rather see something along the lines of an interesting or insightful button . there have been many times when i don't really agree with what someone says , but that i do consider them ... i am once again shamed by your wisdom grandmaster yoda . ~ . ~ * hangs head dejectedly while sheathing light sabre * you probably would have won , you know ? i've never used one of these things before . o . o * hug attacks yoda * i care .. = . = ... and i challenge you to a duel of light sabres ! * fwoom * you are certainly free to come to such a conclusion . this data is old ( 2001 ) but i thought it was pretty interesting : politicaltypes.com - psychological type and u . s . political party affiliation . it is by far much less granular too though ... maybe ... * gasp * you hussy ! you home-wrecker , you ! ;) i don't think there is a problem with knowing what you want though . the numbers are depressing , but those numbers are not the end all , be all of ... galoshes sorry to hear about your troubles , and for barging in on your thread . i don't have any good advice for you except that personally , i would be considering whether or not i can live with ... sorry to barge in , but ... the above bolded text truly marvelled me . that .. is so beautiful . just another reminder of how much i have left to learn from others . - . - sorry , i just felt like a simple ... exactly things i have said to one of my friends each time i had the pleasure of riding in his car . - . - these words were followed up by grabbing on to every near-by anchor in the car . six flags has ... what exactly do you mean by the bold text ? as far as i know , there is no such thing as a perfect male or female , so this statement is a bit unclear to me . i was once in a very toxic relationship with a woman and it took me a while to realize that and end it . i remember even though i was the one who ended it , it felt like i was just dumping myself on ... yeah , i see what you are saying now . that does follow along with how he reacted during the end of the jack frost episode too . servo thought his outfit was very clever , then mike and crow started ... okay , so i watched the jack frost episode and first i'll say ... wow , that movie would have been awful to watch without mike , servo , and crow .. lol . especially when it got to the witch and the cabin ... you know , usually when i hear people say they don't care about something it is because they actually do care and are trying to separate themselves from that feeling . that being said , that is a ... i'm still in the process of watching some more of the actual episodes . all of the clips you've posted were hilarious though , i probably won't have anything else to add until tomorrow though . sorry ... i was thinking that maybe my shakiness when playing pvp type games was due to being an introvert ( and being sensitive to adrenaline and subsequently dopamine ) , but if it happens to extraverts as ... darn , there goes that theory ! thanks though , it was good to hear your take on it . =) edit : it was probably just an excuse , now that i think about it .. my theory , i mean . i'm sorry , i know this is an old post . but you know what ? you're a really intelligent and deep person . ;D i'm not being sarcastic , you've actually demonstrated a great level of understanding on ... '