' you're fired . that's another silly misconception . that approaching is logically is going to be the key to unlocking whatever it is you think you are entitled to . nobody wants to be approached with bs ... but guys ... he really wants to go on a super-duper-long-ass vacation . c'mon guys . his boss just doesn't listen or get it . he even approached him logically and everything . never mind . just go on permanent vacation . two months ? i wouldn't be crazy about the idea . if you are really his best employee , then that's what may be cooking him . who wants their most reliable asset gone for that long ? entj employer ... lol . its not like our views were unsolicited . what a victim . sometimes i just really like impoverished rap music . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xh0vA6_8mv8 i probably would have lost it too . his stonewalling was insignificant . he was being an idiot over semantics that didn't have any impact on anything . it's one thing to stone wall on critical shit , but ... i would have just taken the project and gave them something later . the court deposition wasn't a skit . that actually happened . it was a verbatim reenactment . and her ass . i'll flirt a woman for a piece of candy at the grocery store . of course . i use whatever i have at my disposal to get what i want in the most efficient manner possible . if that means flirting that ... http://youtu.be/PZbqAMEwtOE yes . in the comments she gave more info , then was shut down because she went from having a crush on her boss and wanted to know how to impress him , to her boss is married and she wasn't interested . i ... what's this we thing about ? callaendia are you the same infp girl who was on the entj facebook forum with this similar question ? i just have to ask because the times are so close together , and the scenario is so similar . 3x 11/25 i do not modify myself to suit others , however i do like the spotlight . i think the easiest and most efficient approach is a tarp , jigsaw , and mulcher . but that's just my personal preference . not all entjs are the same . just don't hump my leg ... what are you like a chihuahua or some shit ? i once dumped a girl in college who i was having a 6 month romp with over making me late for class . she said i was petty for it . dead xd http://youtu.be/PaghIdSJKvQ mbtipc perfect . i don't like dealing with middle men either . you can talk directly to me . ;) i can sell you the dream ... lol dead . ha ! the point is that when you are making a point of thinking critically but not thinking beyond common sense , you aren't using your brain . a little bit of effort now to have an understanding of the ... that's just common sense no , that's just a value judgement backed by popular opinion from social stupidity / laziness . that's only doing what works instead of pushing harder and doing what is ... when it comes to children , they either cry or climb all over me . there is never a gray area . i don't drink , but when i drank : beer : hardcore ciders and sweet brown ales . liquor : vodka chased with cran or water . < my preferred drink wine : anything dark , dry and sweet . there are so ... well that escalated quickly . https://encrypted-tbn2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcSDA-GNSWRqDgxZibQPN3dfS2LlChp8tO6FCCeVBHuIlYUVfjzkVH2sGAv_ you deal with them . tl ;d r fuuu those people who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do ia alpha i would never claim it to be healthy either . just in my best interest . on loyalty : i am loyal to the vision . i am loyal to those who share the vision . i am not into co-dependency in terms of the vision cannot be accomplished without others involved . i stay on course , ... your answer was worth more time to entertain than the op . hey are you down for a debate on ayn rand vs marx ? maybe we should talk about our poor fi ? oh i know - let's try to correlate testing entj with being sociopathic . : laughing : hitler was no exception - this concept has , is and always will be a principle , tenet , and rule . politics , ideology , religion , eating , shitting usual . and if it's not , then there is nothing to ... hitler thought he was doing great things . stalin thought he was justified . these guys thought they were uncorrupt . they viewed any heretic to their dogmas as morally bankrupt , and so did many of ... meh . there were plenty of evil people who did good things , and plenty of good people who got blood on their hands achieving and attaining higher goals . bad situations that had good long term effects , ... you would have to ask the op . he is asking ambiguous questions . i would go with whatever is more efficient / effective vs what is perceived as good every time in the good vs evil dichotomy . it in my ... good vs bad =/ = good vs evil one is an objective positive vs negative dichotomy , the other is a subjective interpretation of characteristics . nameuser so to be evil may be a better solution and ... i think they are for sure idiots , but i also think these people went out of their way to fuck their lives up . did they expose themselves on the internet ? yes . does this warrant or validate a reason ... i really reeeaaallly hate rigidly pc thumb sucking nanny bitches . they remind me of five year olds who are trying too hard to gain their parents approval by taddling . these are the same people , ... i think people need to get some skin . even if these people are wrong or racist . that's just a waste of time , energy , and resources . these people end up being the focus for being petty and overboard ... http://www.penciltribe.com/cms/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/Brian_snowflake-300x225.jpg http://www.penciltribe.com/cms/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/Brian_snowflake-300x225.jpg i'm not trying to be condescending when i tell you - all those things you have mentioned people saying and have written off as all i have been met with are legit arguments . they don't need to be ... the brevity of my posts is because you don't take much to refute . just because you aren't acknowledging what people are saying doesn't mean they are saying nothing . '