' interesting that you mention this because this approach has worked in the past for me , now that i'm thinking about it ( i feel slightly guilty admitting it , but his distractability does work in my ... i know what you mean . for me it's so visceral and i feel like i have to do something to make it stop . it's extremely aggravating when it becomes an expected behavior , like you're the dumping ground ... i feel you on this one . it can be very frustrating when you live and work with said individuals too , where by association you're forced to endure their varying moods . they may ( probably ) have no ... if doofy is adorable , i'll take it lol . not sure why but it was rather easy putting these in order . based off of personal experience : 1 . infj : kitteh : entp all over the place intj crazy in an awesome way infp <3 enfp hyper intp ... you didn't say anything about no kidnapping ! : tongue : on a serious note though , i don't think it's a personal flaw to want to be reclusive , and i hope your friends are lenient and understanding ... i voted more than a month because why the hell not ? i don't know you ! haha . i have an intp roommate , and compared to him , i don't go out much more than he does . i think i'm more motivated to go out ... my closest friends hardly seek me out and vice versa , which is the way i like it . i'm not interested in hanging out multiple times a week every week , and to request this of me is too much . it's just ... this is great information to know . i think your infj friend and my infj friend share that commonality , as we're always requesting the infj to come hang out , only to be let down when he ( at some ... dear infj friend , your work schedule sucks . you always have the intent to come hang out but hardly ever do . i get it , but intj misses you . he told me this directly , which is a rare admission ... i know exactly what you mean , my mother is the type of person to hold a grudge and i could never understand why growing up . she never knew that i kept a very firm stance on objectivity lol , i would ... i voted genuine . i'd like to assume that a genuine person is also going to be stable and intelligent ( in some form , hopefully ) . i had issues with being genuine myself growing up , so as an adult i ... i like jewelry that isn't flashy or heavy . i like dainty watches . i make my own necklaces with pendants i find at michaels ( the have a good selection ) . costume jewelry can also be cute and ... aren't they freaking amazing ? ! solid , charismatic , dependable , humble - just to name a few qualities of my intj . what you describe is eerily similar to what i'm experiencing in this relationship atm ... novel ideas and under 25 - it's most fulfilling . you never know : laughing : i used to be like that , but i stopped caring about putting on a face and pretending i'm not emotionally affected by certain things . i'm not always happy-go-lucky . shit happens and i'm not going to ... istp was cool for a while - individualistic and rational . but he morphed into a self-centered , emotionally constipated jerk . estp was hilarious with a quick wit and a self-motivated achiever ... i can maintain long-term relationships easily , it's a matter of caring to and having a level of adaptability . interesting article and site , though i don't relate to all of those attributes listed . i know an intj who was in a relationship and lived with an infj , and he reported that they never argued . he did say however that the infj bottled up and wouldn't discuss problems with him . they ... repeat offender ? eeeek .. i personally wouldn't forgive somebody for multiple slights . this guy sounds like a doucher . every time i see your sig gif i piss myself i wear diapers now , thanks a lot . i also second hitler . imagine how irate he would be lol you can definitely be my guy's friend ! welcome to the forum cutie . don't go the revenge route , you're better than that . yes , he screwed your trust over and then lied about it to cover his ass , for whatever reason ( s ) ( he may not have developed enough personal ... i think to some degree it does , personally speaking . mostly it assists me in taking a step back from the seriousness of reality , allowing me to assess it from a comical standpoint .. therefore i'm ... exercise or smoking weed usually does the trick . they both put me into assessment mode , but i really let go when i'm stoned .. why did / should i even give a fuck in the first place ? i'm straight . i've recently discovered that i find masculine ladies attractive , but not sure to what extent or why . ^ ^ i'm similar to this as well . social distractions tend to slow my eating down , otherwise i eat quickly to get it over with . having to consume food several times a day is annoying . i reread as a man thinketh by james allen this morning . 28 pages of awesomeness . i care much less when high lol .. take your time sir , i'm in no hurry today eh .. time is a funny thing . typically i get agitated when it's wasted because of somebody else but i really have no problem wasting it myself ( such as daydreaming ) lol . i think it's partly because i ... on top of the video being awesome ( i'm halfway through ) ^ ^ ^ this made me lol . thanks for the post ! i never felt i belonged to a group entirely , and even when i had a strong affinity towards a group of people it was never enough to create a long-lasting bond to the group itself . throughout high ... yeah i've definitely struggled with saying no and telling people straight up that i'm not interested in them in a romantic sense . only after x amount of bad experiences have i realized that it's ... in love , behavior is completely childlike , goofy , playful ... i can justify this teasing with a big wet smooch afterwards ! though behavior can be neutral at times as if the individual is a ... patience and kinky toys . hug it up and ask how it's going . interesting .. my intj buddy told me almost the exact same thing the other week . do you generally enjoy it when others pull you out of your head and into the moment ? for me , audio books are useful when the eyes / hands are busy with monotonous tasks , and text is better when full attention can be devoted to reading . there isn't really a preference on how the ... totally agree with this : tongue : people don't generally piss me off , but their closed-minded thinking , incompetence , inefficient methods , and lack of dependability can be disappointing ( or frustrating ) at times . more often though ... commas ftw ! haha . most noticeably for me , ne = potentiality of many ideas to spawn from perceptions gathered in the external world . some of these ideas are straight ridiculous ( no boundaries ) ... i never sought out anything to collect . if it's not of any use to me it tends to get thrown out .. with the exception of daggers and notebooks / documents . i was always a cocky smart-ass , but now i have the evidence to prove why : wink : welcome to the forum btw ! shadow functions come out when you're under stress . you may have your own reasons for not doing drugs , but don't project those reasons onto somebody who does choose to do them .. they might not be the ... thanks alfreda , the same goes for you too . sayonara 2012 ! manipulation was useful in the past , and i never thought it was wrong or felt guilty using it . it's an easy tool that promises results . over time i've grown to prefer natural social interactions and ... based off of my experience - estj ( te , si ) for sure . esfp ( se , fi ) comes in second . save your tears dear : tongue : , it's not so bad . just another adaptation . i had my wannabe se moments as a teenager , but now realize it is way more fun ( and less stressful ) to just be my ... '