' i was diagnosed with add , it was the inattentive type . looking back on that , i believe it was due to the fact that i learned at a faster pace than my pears and got bored , but at the age did not ... yes , very few people , but yes . i seem to find people who are mindful and remember things about our past conversations pleasant . you can tell if someone is engaged in conversation and those are the ... vet school is sure death , unless you are looking at agriculture where they look at animals as money machines ( because that is most likely how you will be looking at them ) . plus , little bunny's ... i have no doubt we do well in helping professions ... i mean , look how much we all clean up other peoples snarled messes ... seriously thought , i've always had a knack for helping others it just ... 282874 never been a big fan , but there it is . i sit and go front to back . occasionally , however , i go side to side : s well , i don't think he's an intj because the only people intjs are nice to are the people they are smitten with . i've seen it in myself and beaten myself up afterwards for losing my composure . many ... murder-suicide ? when my wife and i were dating she always said she related to the woman from the book the time travelers wife . if that tells you anything . looks like they combine the mbti with a positive or negative score for neuroticism . rational thoughts tend to have a process , you are deliberately thinking about a problem and proposing solutions in your head . intuition ( internal ) tends to come to you all at once sometimes ... regardless of what specific religion people may believe in , it is impossible for humans to grasp the vastness of our universe from the cosmic web all the way down to the interactions of subatomic ... think of it as an investment with good prospects of a return and take notes . the next time that person comes in spend a couple minutes chatting about the topics that were brought up in the first ... amen to that . at this point i would be looking for a roundabout way of asking the what in is for me question . good luck ! personally , if it was me and it was a dating site , there would not be any ties to current friendships or coworkers so the option of just dropping of the face of the earth would be an attractive one ... if he can get you all to operate as a team , all the better for him because individual contribution at that point is less valuable and it becomes all about making him look good ( i . e . we are the team ... the little kisses following each message would not be there if he did not mean it . that is of course if he really is an intj . my type is not known to sugar coat anything . if he wasn't interested ... everyone will try to sugarcoat a turd , but the wise person still secretly knows there is a turd . in these situations , it is more socially acceptable to pretend the turd has value because failing to ... esfp : master of the house ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aTZYSzxZcvA istj : working man , rush https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iIGKlicb8n0 enfp : lazy sunday , small faces enfp : the hollies : stop stop stop https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=to2cze58R5E infp : michael jackson : man in the mirror https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PivWY9wn5ps esfj : eleanor rigby please don't take offense to this , but in the past i worked in a profession that spent alot of time around nurses ( separate department , equal or higher status ) and one thing i noticed was that they ... you know you are an infj when you understand the full potential of good and evil in humans , mainly because you recognize both in yourself . i wear plaid shirts almost everyday . sometimes with athletic shorts . if some gives me a cookie it always makes my day much better . in order to identify myself as a failure i would have to define what i had set out to do . if i have / had not accomplished that goal or the probability of accomplishing that goal is null , i would feel ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y0Z0raWIHXk&feature=g-vrec&context=G2dea3beRVAAACQ thanks for starting this thread , while i have not had any contact ( that i'm aware of ) with intps in person i would love the opportunity and recognize the potential for good conversation and working ... i'll admit i've had thoughts about these things and taken them as more of a time to entertain ideas . these are times when i'm in a major turning point in my life and the next step is a bit fuzzy . ... interesting thread ... i understand and appreciate the layout of the big 5 ( i really had fun looking at this ) , but a big part the nt haven part could be wide open spaces . agricultural areas have a ... while i really dislike even thinking about this , it is an interesting question about the breaking point of people with different temperaments . i'm an intj and while i'm not sure how i would react to ... i'm new here and so far it has been a blast , but there is one thing i need to clarify : these threads that involve what personality types piss us off is analogous to when people rap-battle in the ... an intj is like an electrochemical gradient , we take in social experiences and perform well until the we run low on potential energy . at this point we need a refractory period . you could also ... this kind of thing happens to me all the time . i have come to accept it as a given due to less than perfect social conformity . on the bright side , you have gone out and had experiences to reflect ... when are you truly happy ? what are you doing ? please describe the scene that is around you . - i have just surmounted a goal and / or about to complete the final step in my plan . - upon analysis events ... i spread peanut butter on it and lick it off ... the thats illogical variant - continuous questioning of the other person to gather info - then disregards the other person's feelings and morals as illogical i do this usually as a result of being ... when you meet someone that has had a bad run of luck and needs help , you go out of your way to not only help them , but bring them up farther than they were before they fell , then their pride ... so , do you intj's feel comfortable sharing your living space ? i feel comfortable as long as i know the person well and we are able to agree on how we live together . living with a significant other ... i know 2 confirmed istjs and both are right . i could never top that ... renewing / aligning i tend to be something of an independent / libertarian , however , given the structure of our political system and what a person must do to become a politician ( i . e . who they make friends with and as a ... i'm am intj christian , but i don't attend church . there are as many ways to define being a christian as there are christians . personally , i take what parts of it work for me and leave the parts ... '