' every single day of the year is a cause both for celebration and for mourning . christmas ? meaningless . they might as well call it coca-cola day . let's indulge in shopping for useless or redundant ... yes to tinnitus . floaters plenty , they are especially annoying when looking through a microscope during a biology lab - sometimes i'm not sure if i'm seeing some paramecium or just a floater ... as it has been stated in an earlier post , there is no proof that intelligence ( assuming we mean iq ? ) is passed down genetically . also , intelligence alone might not be enough to establish a ' better ' ... i guess i can relate . i even have issues watching certain movies . i know they're just actors , yet i cannot help but put myself in their shoes . i avoid news too , when i can . is it simply rage and ... you type 418 characters per minute you have 76 correct words and you have 0 wrong words : sad : i do faster with coherent phrases and good keyboards , i think . i see ni to be very similar to si , but where si recalls facts accurately and compares them with present context , ni memorizes more events and ideas but in a more unconscious , not readily available ... try more direct forms of communication , such as voice and video chat . from my experience with my intp girlfriend , she is not very emotionally expressive in text form , which sometimes makes me think ... define equal . equal in terms of what ? there are people who follow their every impulse and feeling without trying to understand them first , some who follow their herding instinct and accept ... wallflower your internal orientation , and fairly cooperative nature make you the wallflower . you are perfectly content to watch others from the sidelines , and not get tangled up in social circles ... fear . intense fear . overhead the albatross hangs motionless upon the air and deep beneath the rolling waves in labyrinths of coral caves the echo of a distant tide comes willowing across the sand and everything is ... infp - the healer you scored 0 i versus e , 20 n versus s , 20 f versus t , and 20 j versus p ! perhaps there's more to relationships than the temperament type . just because two individuals share the same preference for cognitive functions ( or some form of supposed compatible preferences ) does ... what does this mean , exactly ? oh , and hi ! : tongue : 14/15 the issue with these kind of tests is that i get really bored half way through ... * darksoul and sensorium raise hands * little 15 you help her forget the world outside you're not part of it yet and if you could drive you could drive her away to a happier place to a happier day sensitive to loud noises ( though not if it's music i like ) , bright light , movement . could also be the result of my persistent aura without infarction though . or the other way around , hmmm ... not till you halo all over me i'll come over not till it shimmers around your skull i'll be yours good description . i remember i had this piece of a cigarette pack , with a phone number on it . i kept it in my wallet for about 5 years . she probably didn't even have that number anymore ( i never ... pstypes enneagram test results the distribution of your scores * type one : 17 * type two : 29 * type three : 13 * type four : 54 * type five : 45 * type six : 40 * type ... don't intps tend to digress a lot , due to the highly developed ne ? you know what's weird , from all the photos posted here , intps tend to look like sensitive people ? definitely not my mental picture of the unemotional guy / girl . oh , come on ! you're cute . though , coming from a guy , it's probably creeping you out . : crazy : is there an easy way to find out ( on-line ) ? with the tests i did on the net , i've always scored 4,5 and 6 almost equally . is this what you mean by tri-type ? * hides * i really like this . i found emotion - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia somewhat interesting . sometimes it helps to take a break from it . i notice that after such a break , i think more clearly . there are various techniques to help clear the mind . oh , and ... it has been a life-long ... i know what you mean . i have had someone like that lately . we can talk for 8 hours straight and still not be bored . just tired and maybe hungry . you're lucky you're within immediate meeting ... ok , how many hollow spheres one atom thick ? what if you make hollow spheres ? i'm ok with math , but not so much with numbers . some of the multiplication table i still don't know by heart ... how can i trust math when i realize that even 1 + 1 = 2 can be inaccurate ? ? ... well , if we managed somehow to build some type of advanced , self-replicating automaton , to do stuff ... we wouldn't need human workers anymore . :p roud : i want to taste my own kind . i want to swallow all of your skin and chew your soft tissue into ash . hey , thanks . i had no idea it was for real . i guess that explains why the scene is so ... compelling . thankfully , i don't need to drink to bring that side out . some depressive , self-loathing ... you are 52.8 % good . you are 10.3 % lawful . alignment : neutral good you know that scene at the beginning of apocalypse now ? martin sheen in his hotel room ? it's something like that , for a few weeks ... but like thrifty said , it doesn't happen very often . i think i'm water a sickness grows inside help me out of it [ you are light . ] [ you are a sun . ] [ drift within . ] [ this is your body . ] i decayed and rot away your rotting mind said [ did you ... that sounds familiar ... most people avoid thinking about the future too much ; while it holds so many uncertainties , that is not what discourages them from contemplating it , but rather it's the ... i'm not sure if these are very intp-esque but i think they're kind of funny , so here goes : when i was 3 i tried to hatch an egg , because i really wanted a baby chicken for some reason . i put the ... i'm aquarius with aquarius ascendant , i think . not much into that anymore . but i like the myth behind aquarius - ganymede the cup-bearer of the gods ( more like manwhore of the gods ) . and yes , i ... i do wish i were able to express more of my personality . i'm not sure it's completely intp though . and nerdy ( by that i mean smart and cool ) girls are err ... cool ! : laughing : i no liek puzel dey maek mai haed hrut : sad : i think i'm a funny person . or disturbing . i haven't decided yet . i don't know if women want to be intp , but i would certainly like it if more women were intp . i was about to say the same thing , haha ! he probably needs you to take the initiative . just corner him and kiss him at some point . he won't know what hit him . and then you might be surprised , pleasantly , by his reaction . can't give ... ok ... no more gamecube for you ... i like mine cause it's .. well , devilishly cute ? that looks delicious . i need to get me some of that ! the slushie too . yes . goes for all the people above . i'm a loving person , what can i say . : cool : '