' john wayne swagger ? i'm going to assume that means you walk around like this . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q-f1gR-MxY0&feature=fvst i played the hell out of legos . and building blocks . and erector sets . i still do pretty much the same thing , just with bigger and better equipment . dark humor is pretty much a minimum requirement . wit , wordplay , and satire are all highly encouraged . okay . rewrite this sentence . this one of those occasions ? i'd like to see someone give an opinion on this . chibs what do you think ? i think it's helpful to seek out stressful situations and overcome them . if you're able to be in a high-stress situation and come out on top , then moderate-stress situations won't bother you as much ... what ? no , i really don't care . you can believe what you like about tattoos and chemistry and stars , and your loss of faith in humanity . i think tattoos are pretty stupid . i don't see any meaningful symbolism behind fake asian doodles on your ass , or whatever it is people are doing these days . if someone finds deep meaning in a couple ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1fouvwilGWc eh , thermopylae was just a warmup for salamis . and 300 sucked . did not expect to be saying that upon entering this thread . when you're confident that you can get out of any difficult situation . when the risk of physical danger isn't enough to stop you from having a good time . when the only time you smile in public ... definitely estp . i test as that sometimes , and semi-seriously considered that as my type . i'm very much an se user , but also very much an introvert . i might pass for one if i'm in a sociable mood . there's almost never a good reason to be at a funeral , especially if it's yours . welcome new people , you should go post stuff . if you want . it doesn't really matter . just focus on becoming the kind of person you want to be . / end heresy he just made them up by dividing 100 by 16 . oh , so you think you can just go around making the word of the day ? for those who aren't clear , there's always a certain amount of leg-pulling going on in these parts . hah , what a bunch of bs . yeah , if you're arguing with an istp it means you're wrong . that's just a fact . i really don't care either way . most enfps here are alright by me , and usually seem to stick to the relationship ... approach slowly with your head lowered . avoid eye contact , this can enrage them . if the istp rears up on their hind legs , stop and initiate an aggressive posture with your arms spread wide . if they ... we had a debate on this not too long ago here . i maintained that istps don't really care about debating and an objection was brought forth by several members of the jury regarding exceptions for ... yeah , i'm exactly the same way . i actually dislike shyness in others , it's just a form of fear . there's a big difference between being reserved and being shy . usually if i'm thought of as shy it's ... i get knocked down , but i get up again . you're never going to keep me down . - chumb a . wamba , the thumper in the tub : essays on life , 1997 so would there be no intuitives in the modern stone age cultures that i mentioned ? i was under the impression they were born with it . i think we're all in agreement that kayness is the messiest sensor . you see , in these forums we come to specific conclusions . none of this generalization nonsense . i know . isn't that great ? i like being wanted , not needed . actually , i hate needy behavior . now first of all , i don't use the mbti in romance . but i do seem to have a preference for xxtp types . and , yes ... istps would be at the top of the list . independence , live and let live behavior , ... basic understanding of spelling and grammar . i know , i'm old-fashioned ... do you like it ? i've been considering that . nts seem more likely to start debates at the drop of a hat . and what constitutes a hat and a drop . istps usually don't care . do you like to debate ? hey now , that's between him and mrs . thor . that makes sense to me . but xstps are often praised for their ability to think tactically . i think fi would only affect athleticism in terms of motivation . the premise of the title amuses me . the subject doesn't . that's unhealthy . saito as well . i need to start reading berserk again ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oaMTSOI1Zk4 one of the coolest things i've ever seen . this post enrages me . check it out guys , i'm using fell ... fuh ... felines . eat my potato i said , my words dripping with both lust and gravy she touches my arm i am in favor of this i tell her through thoughts hai don't know what hai been told - i think i broke the yeah , that's not related to type . i don't like sleeping , but i like having slept . probably because it looks like a potato . sorry , couldn't resist . that's a cool picture . yeah , confidence can be irrelevant if you have qualities that go against a person's tribal identities . race , religion , gender identity , personality , even hobbies . you'll have to put a lot of effort ... don't create drama where there isn't any . ^ this . when they use a smiley face in a text conversation with you . or , you know , smile at you . but let's be realistic here . these haikus are more amusing if you imagine christoper walken reading them . from this day forward , you will be known as miss pac man , hunter of ghosts and eater of cherries . and the world will know fear like never before . if you mean ethics , that's a debate that really goes more to a personal moral compass . this usually seems to be what philosophical debates focus on , but the purpose of these arguments would be to ... alright . well i have little to no interest in discussing or debating philosophical ideas with others , i just do that in my head . what exactly do you mean by discussing philosophy ? and do you mean enjoy discussing philosophy , enjoy learning different philosophies , or something else ? i really wouldn't read much into this . i know i will occasionally rock out like that , to the surprise , horror , and undeniable attraction of onlookers . yes , it's definitely true . it's somewhat easy for me to ask for help in a learning environment , as an acknowledged novice among experts . it's much more practical and pays off in the long term . but in ... '