' infp sounds very likely . isfp could be a possibility too . it happens to me too . i don't know why tbh . i'm an isfj agnostic , leaning to atheist . of course . i've bolded my thoughts to your answers : that could be a possibility too , although i see more enneagram 4 in your description than 6 . you might likely just have a 6 fix - but it's difficult to tell . these are , in my opinion , strong ... intp sounds very likely according to what you wrote . sent from my iphone using tapatalk i completely agree with you being an infp . and if enneagram advice is wanted too , then 4w5 seems very likely . sent from my iphone using tapatalk i am an isfj people have mistaken me for : infp , intj , intp , istj hmm , my first choice would probably be number 9 . sent from my iphone using tapatalk ennegram 6w7 ( 649 ) 617138  6171 46 617154  6171 62 i've seen a couple isfps and esfps being that enneagram type too . social 1 ) generally , i positively associate with the idea of being a part of something larger than myself . though i may find it either overwhelming , because of my astute awareness of what lies ... my advise would be to look up the functions . i find it easier to type others by functions , or type others by dichotomy first and confirm with functions also works fine . with knowledge about the ... the first pottermore test i took said hufflepuff , the other one said ravenclaw . i guess i'm ravenpuff . i'm agnostic but leading toward atheist . however , i have nothing against religion , and i'm glad that some people find it to help them or give meaning to their lives . i often try to invent a world like ti , but i never really finish it ... i usually start making up the characters first and then start with the plot . however , i find it difficult to come up with a ... i have just tried them and these are my results : big five personality test 1 473074 big five movie star test 473098 big five personality test 2 extroversion 24 % i still can't relate to one type over another . i have read many descriptions and i still can't determine my type . i feel like i ’ m stuck in the middle of both . probably a strange variant of one of ... okay . thanks for your detailed answer ! however , i'm still not quite sure ... reasons i can relate to dom fi : i feel deeply and i'm very sensitive . i don't care about fitting in that much and i can ... i know i dont use dominant ni , and i think that i use ne-si or si-ne . i don't know in which order . i'm sure i'm a feeler and i'm also pretty sure that i'm an introvert . that lead me to think that ... 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... no ... i like the instrument but i don't play it . but besides that . ;) x93it is both a blessing and a curse to feel everything so very deeply . x94 ― david jones . that is pretty accurate . great job ! okay , so try to to write as though , you were to describe a person , who possesses these ' traits ' . i'm highly sensitive ( hsp ) and a high sensation seeker ( hss ) ( i'm much more of a hsp than a hss ... i , myself , can't figure out if i'm an isfj or an infp . so it is possible . i've read almost everything about the functions and the two types in particular , and i'm still doing it , but i'm still not ... i would really appreciate some help . i don't know wether i'm an infp or an isfj , so if you could ask some questions regarding which i am , that would be very helpful ! me too . istp couldn't be less ideal for a long-time commitment for me , but gosh , i keep falling for them ... sent from my iphone using tapatalk i really support tieed 3 ' s idea with the experts who can help you find out your type . i think people who don't know their type yet , but is planning to know , should be able to participate . maybe ... i would say infp . their ne allow them to relate to many types at once . then their fi , makes them feel like they connect with the types on a deeper level . sent from my iphone using tapatalk esfp type most likely to mistype themselves sent from my iphone using tapatalk i mostly get infj on tests , but i don't relate to ni at all . sometimes i get isfj too . on functions test however , i either get infp or esfj . i don't relate to esfj's description though . i'm ... me : infp mom : infj father : xxtx twin sister : extj ( probably entj ) brother : enfp sister : isfj sister 2 : xxfp sent from my iphone using tapatalk okay ! thank you for helping ! sent from my iphone using tapatalk i've just read a description of the intj and the entj , and i will say , that if its one of those two , it would be the entj . she actually fits very well to that description . only , that she is not that ... well , she could be a stj , but where she differs is , that she is not that bond by rules , not that detail-oriented , not that hands-on nor is she organized or orderly at all . she also don't like ... it could be . but would a sfj with such a high fe , have the love and be loved as least likely to be a strength ( weakness ) and forgiving ? she is very self-centred . however , what about stj then ? so .. i have tried to type my twin sister , but i haven't had any luck yet . however , she has just taken a strenghts test , and i've listed her top six strenghts here : 1st common sense , caution ... no ! i may have a mild anxiety , but i haven't yet experienced depression . but i will say that i have the ability to be that . the reason i'm not ( yet ) i guess i can thank my infj mom for that . she kind ... i don't wear makeup . i'm 14 and i'm the only girl who doesn't wear it in class , but i'm just too lazy , you know ? haha , well , i don't feel the need to do it every day , because up until now everyone ... hi ! so , i've a few days ago felt pretty secure that my type is infp . i'd stumbled upon this website which describes the types as when they where kids . and not just the short ones i've seen but a long ... enfp type most likely to get stolen from , then won't steal it back even though they could , because they look so happy with it . sent from my iphone using tapatalk best : english ( not my native language ) worst : science , chemistry , german ( also not native ) favourite : english , danish ( native ! ) least favourite : german , math , science , chemistry ... sent ... yes . i definetly do that . first i thought that maybe it was a sensor thing to do . you know , going to much in detail . but now you have chanced my mind ! i'm just a normal infp ! :P sent from my ... no , that's pretty much it . thank you ! well , i do . don't worry , it's nothing too serious . okay . i'm aware ! : wink : but thank you for answering . yes , indeed . thank you for your answer . i want to know because my twin sister ( we are both teenagers ) claims to be an intj . however , she has only taken one test , and she relied on that result ... infp or infj to be honest i havn't really pictured my mind yet . - and i'm supposted to be an intuitive ! : confused : i would say , my thoughts are very uncompliated . almost like a text written on ... mostly in terms of your approach to others . did you care about popularity , or doing what the majority was doing ? or couldn't you care less ? how are / were you intj's as a teenager ? i'm really curious ! '