yeah , this happens to me with relatives and some friends . then when i need help with something they act like i'm able to deal with it alone , so it annoys me when they wonder why i never bother ... yeah , while the other 4w5s have more type 1 or 9 influences , which tone down this and can cause lots of confusion . this plus being nfs will change things a lot . so really it's better to factor other ... one thing that also can confuse things is that cognitive functions influence how enneagram manifests , even if some people try to see them as totally different . they handle different aspects , but ... i think they actually feel like outsiders , so that's not the main issue that i see as a non - 4 . what tends to worry me about a friend that's a 4 , is when she becomes too self sabotaging , feeling ... i was bullied at school , and i'm sure that wasn't a challenge as my classmates had an ill intent behind their actions . they wanted to bring me down with their comments , making fun of things that i ... i don't like the taste of alcohol , and i've seen my classmates acting stupid thanks to it . the social pressure here is very high , but i refuse to follow that social norm just for pleasing other ... i see , and it's true that weak ti means that they only have their own experience as reference for logic , so if someone for example has lots of practice coding , then their logic would seem less weak ... i think that a see won't create a new code / system in a ti sense from scratch , but i know sees that are able to code decently and their overall logic ( considering both ti and te ) isn't as weak as you ... i've thought today about the whole self deletion issue of gut types , and how it has fucked me up badly . this seems to be mentioned more for type 9 , but since all gut types do it i've pondered about ... if you have a pet peeve about peer-review , i can understand it as many of the current magazines just publish topics that are popular , leaving more obscure research gathering dust . i've checked ... that's one way to get a clue of your core type , as disintegration point should usually manifest the darker side instead of both the good and bad parts of it . wanting to move to a specific place ... i haven't run into many infjs online , and i only know one that probably has aspergers , but she's actually a 9w1 . i tend to run more into fi valuers than fe ones , except in some card games chats , but ... 6w7 yes , my favorites are tamers and savers . now i'm watching appmon , which despite the childish humor it touches stuff about ais and how they could surpass humanity and enslave it if it went out of ... yeah , more as at times it's difficult to react in the most adequate way and in my case i either freeze or run away when i hear a dude being creepy . i went usually to a card shop for playing vanguard , ... that sucks a lot , as those dudes are getting the wrong idea or show how creepy they are deep down . it reminds me of the dudebros that i see here , who think that women are nothing more than a ... for owlet i think that grumpy iee can work xd my mom let me go to religion class despite being an atheist , so i could see for myself if that made sense to me or not . what i learnt there and also dealing with a shitty teacher that tried to bribe ... i never make my own characters based on enneagram or mbti , as that way you only end with a caricature that doesn't represent someone that could be real . so better flesh out their personality and ... brightflashes i think that the lack of 8 may be the result of when there was lots of crap going on for anyone that dared to check type 8 , and most of them were labeled as cp6 years ago . i don't know ... it reminds me of the bias about type 5 being intellectual and type 8 being seen as some badass from an action movie . one of my friends is likely a type 4 and she struggles with the issues that you ... i mistyped during years between 1 and 7 , as there was so much bias about newbies mistyping at 4 , 5 and 8 that i avoided those options like the pest after my mistype at 5 . i knew that i would need a ... paradigm btw , your link about directional theory confirmed that i'm not a frustration type , as reading about the stuff about moving against long term hit uncomfortably close home to me ( the ... yeah , my mom definitely matches the hypercritical parent thing as well . she always punished me when i forgot to do things for school and she was critical when i didn't get a perfect score . later she ... i mean in a broader sense , like being able to solve problems efficiently ( including random stuff like videogames ) , understanding concepts without much trouble and analyzing well . academic sucess is ... i still think that some gut type fits me , so from that angle identity isn't my main concern . however , there are times that i can't shake away the feeling of being a weirdo that never will be normal ... i forgot to mention that this also could lower the prices of meds in the long run , as industries would invest less money if their basic properties could be tested with a simulation and they could ... oh yeah , the school system is awful here , so without the extra info that i learnt i would have a harder time with college as the level was really low . i agree that it could be anything , so that's why ... paradigm the night's queen stellafera i've forgotten to mention something relevant about my childhood , and it is that i always liked to read about topics that weren't taught in depth at school . i ... the part of being aware of not fitting in , but also not caring is quite relatable . i don't relate to the need to openly demostrate superiority , as most of the time i'm too bored for even trying that ... the night's queen btw since you mentioned some 3 like stuff about one of my posts , the only fix that i haven't found any decent evidence for doubting even since i started with enneagram was my heart ... i had to learn the tactful way , as i'm too blunt normally and i my vocabulary isn't the best , in the sense of using curse words as it's common in chilean spanish . i only try to be polite when i know ... i think that type 1 too can do this stuff , as they're competency oriented and take action when things go wrong . that's why i'm reconsidering it after thinking that it sounded too rigid and stick in ... about taking charge irl , i've decided to personally ask and negotiate things when other classmates may not be able to leverage stuff properly , as i'm aware that professors usually are more willing to ... the anxiety part makes lots of sense to me , as my mom always hated when i watched anything that she considered too violent and she tried to beat anything masculine out of me , and she keeps making a ... paradigm since you mentioned female 8s , which other things have you noticed about them ? i'm curious as i'm biologically female despite not identifying with girly stuff and i actually come across as a ... i'm finishing my chemistry undergrad studies at the moment , as i got my bsc and now i'm doing the industrial part of my career that i probably will complete next year . i also studied biochemistry ... one thing that i agree with is that even some surface like traits can point out to deeper issues , so observing is quite important while typing and refining archetypes . there are things that ... rose for a heart that information about gut types helped me to confirm that at least i'm not a head type despite suffering of anxiety disorder , as i'm stubborn , refuse to let others mold me into the ... i don't mention my hobbies much to most people , as i've gotten crap for the most simple things thanks to my mom's comments about me liking things that she find childish or not good for women , like ... btw since i've been a bit more active over here , feel free to throw type suggestions at me on this thread . for reference , my past nicknames were blue flare and mordred phantom . only extra info is ... you express well why i also quit , i bothered mentioning stuff that i've noticed talking to my own friends , but nope they get dismissed to the point that i feel like i'm punching a brick wall . it's ... she shows the outer direction of how she focus on stuff here , and the conflict part clearly can't be forever avoided so that's more of a trend than thing that always happens . anyway , i won't reply ... those points aren't that common to reach , and even a healthy type may later decline to average depending of their life circumstances . so my issue is that really striving to be better is more of a ... dunno which theory and authors do you follow , but this concept from maitri's excerpts mentions that wings aren't a lesser influence : so this pull and push between the wings aren't a thing that ... i'm not trolling , i'm just mentioning that integration is a process that takes a lot of effort to achieve and that won't be permanent . one thing is to adapt some traits of your integration point , and ... lol , this misses the point as integration is a very hard process and clearly it won't be done easily by a type 4 . what she mentioned sounded more like her natural state than a rare occurrence , which ... what you mentioned though sounds more like merging , and striving to be better is a type 1 concern . type 4 sticks to their issues as they reject the idea of becoming better as something not possible ... this sounds more like what my type 9 friend does , and dunno if you've ever felt like you're a blank slate . she always mentions that her sense of self gets quite influenced by external circumstances ... ok , mostly i wanted to show that usually this tendency to write dark stories tends to be tied to types 4 and 5 , when it's not type related unless you can see what drove the person to explore those ...