' rain , i hate snow ! blonde or brunette ? oops , last i left this thread they were discussing if he was estp or esfp . sorry ! on second thought , does anyone think he might be an estj ? i got that vibe after reading what some of his former producers and contestants had to say about him . + 30 apples or oranges ? i think it's pretty clear you have te . what about intj or entj ? here are the most common enneagram types for each myers-briggs personality type | thought catalog | page 7 oh , duh . : tongue : maybe read this ? here are the most common enneagram types for each myers-briggs personality type | thought catalog | page 5 it has a short description of a type 3 estj , do you think ... this probably isn't the most analytical approach , and i haven't read the other comments , but you remind me a ton of an istj friend of mine . my guess is xstj . have you considered that before ? you know , i actually think she's isfp but if you infp's want her , i'm not opposed to it , haha just kidding . i have a lot of respect for her , but her antics are so tiring . does anyone else have ... you still seem fe / ne to me , but it's becoming less clear . have you ever taken a cognitive functions test ? i like the one from celebrity types . aw , sorry . i'm glad you're not in danger though . i'll skip over the ones i really don't have a clue about . - lana del rey isfp , she's my fav . - elvis presley he strikes me as an xstp ? don't really know . - marilyn monroe - i always thought esfp , ... i really hope you're not , but are you in danger ? : unsure : i've been afraid to sleep before though , because of repeating nightmares and because i was paranoid about people breaking into my house . separating what you want and what you'd give is a good idea , i think i saw a post about that a couple pages back . for me i think it's basically the same though . only thing i'd change is adding words ... baseball ! diet soda or regular ? i know 3 isfp guys and 2 , maybe 3 isfp girls , including myself . i haven't noticed any consistent differences , honestly . maybe in theory guys would be more inclined to hide their sensitive nature , but ... lol . ominously , you seemed fairly confident in infj 6w5 , except for some stereotypes . are there other reasons you're doubting this type ? it's true ! for me anyway . as for why it's exciting , i'm not sure . it's just this mix of good emotions . if it's just a small crush , the rush of something new is nice , but i'm also a hopeless romantic , ... ios , i've never had an android . painting or drawing ? thank you . :) chess ! food network or hgtv ? what ? lol quality time and touch . :) a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush chocolate or fruity candies ? i don't have much to say except i think you're on the fe-ti axis . have you considered entp ? ok i just read the other comments , and alphaleonis explained it really well . i think entp because you ... those sound familiar but i don't know what / who they are , so i'm gonna go with smeagol because it rhymes with beagle and i like beagles . pb & j sandwiches or meat and cheese sandwiches ? oh , good ! i needed the clarification . : tongue : i don't know , i honestly haven't liked anyone in a long time . it's kind of boring . so i wouldn't mind some new guy coming to town and suddenly being ... well , i noticed good looking men a lot , but i wouldn't say i develop crushes easily . lol . it's kind of like well , he looks nice and then forgetting about it a couple moments later . when i was ... potatoes , carb count be damned ! tv or internet ? i feel really boring and inadequate compared to everyone else . i wish i could get it together but i'm too depressed to change . i have no idea what ever possessed me to read every single page of this thread , but i did , and i still don't see how anyone could come to a conclusion other than sfj . i mean , estp was a stretch that ... i wouldn't worry about all that too much , it's true for some people , but it's still just stereotypes . the psychic thing especially is just due to a very poor understanding of how ni works . ok , hopefully there'll be someone else soon to take a look at your questionnaire . i wouldn't worry too much about relating to the profiles , just putting the cognitive functions together . however , ... gotcha , i don't think the school thing is type related . :) by the way , i'm happy to help ! so , do you feel infj 6w5 would be a good fit for you , or are you still not quite sure ? notice how you automatically started to think about what the lady in the picture must be feeling ? that has fe written all over it . i also get an overall si vibe from this , you remembered where the ... just any form you haven't filled out yet , there should be plenty stickied at the top of this subforum . :) in terms of enneagram , i don't want to get off topic if you'd rather just focus on your mbti , ... infjennifer i'm aware that she said she was being somewhat bias in her original post , i still think she shows a lot of fe . obviously , fi would be more likely to want to be their own person , but ... i honestly think you show a lot of fe , so either i would narrow it down to isfj or infj . by the way , i think you being unsure of this isn't necessarily another sign you're infp . could just as likely ... trudat . exactly ! by the way , i started watching season 6 yesterday , and it pretty much confirmed entj and istj for spencer and toby , i think . something funny i noticed , remember when we talked ... exactly what i've noticed ( well , not the bsing part , though that's nice to know ! ) but it basically goes are they funny ? are they smart ? are they lol totes so random ? they must be an entp ! i ... interesting you picked ne , because i've noticed that too . i would see people type someone as some enxp , and they would give examples why , but it just didn't feel right . i guess now i know why . i ... i ... uh ... i - i'm not used to being called right . : tongue : no but seriously , i didn't even think of any of their functions the way you just did , how the loudest function isn't necessary the dominate ... lol ! i'll see if it's on netflix . :) overbearing father is a pretty good way to put . not to say i don't like his character , because i really do . i also haven't seen how to get away with ... not an enfj , but i saw this and had to say that it blows my mind that anyone would think cheating would be ok . however , a lot of more impressionable nt's say things like that . it might explain some ... oh , i see , i've never heard of that show before , lol . also thanks for calling me emma swan : laughing : here's the main difference i see , while hanna may be serious when she gets pushy , she doesn't ... i know one entp in real life , one minute he's charming and sociable , the next minute he's screwing you over while still being charming and sociable . i honestly find hanna and toby pushy in such different ways though . he also didn't really dive head-first into the a thing , he did that after a very long time of seeing spencer and the others being ... even though i still stand by infj for him , i agree he's underdeveloped . aria is too , which is probably why it was so hard to type her for so long . ( i definitely think esfj now . ) it seems like the ... oh , of course anyone can believe ( or not believe ) in gender roles , it just seems si might be more correlated with it , was all i was saying . and te would probably be more likely to enforce it . i ... meh , i'm just not convinced toby's an isfp . he goes his own way sometimes , but a lot of te people do . he's very concerned with protecting spencer , he actually seems pretty serious about some ... isfp , devoted christian . i wasn't when i was younger though , and neither was my isfj brother . in my experience , sp's aren't usually religious until their late teens / early twenties . '