' haha it's like that for me as well when i'm around a crowd of people i don't know . if it makes you like this . don't smoke it or if you do just make sure you're around people you're comfortable with ... did you read your own links ? that last one is just ridiculous . i'm laughing at this . how in the world did you get the idea that i thought that meth wasn't damaging ? meth is terrible haha . reread ... you explained this so well . like me too . this is exactly how i feel and what happens when i smoke self-destructive ... ? why though ? weed is a plant , the worse is does is empty your pockets . although it is addicting it honestly cannot be worse than alcohol , meth or any other chemical drug . hahaha same here . i can only smoke around people i'm already familiar with or alone . hmm ... and as infp i say you should do more research on the matter , actually . this entire sentence sounds ill-informed and ignorant : rolleyes :: rolleyes : scratch this entire post llol so i just replayed this entire game and i think i've made some misconceptions before :D hisao : infj shizune : entj misha : esfp lilly : infj emi - enfj hanako : infp ... ahh i adore this game , best visual i've played yet . insightful , great story line and characters . hisao : infj shizune : entj misha : esfp lilly : infj / isfj ? emi - extp ? hanako : infp rin : intp ... anyway here's my guess : bob : infj linda : esfj gene : esfp louise : entp tina : infj sorry wait no i meant louise xd sorry gene a entp ? ? ? i think louise might be the entp you know what i just finished rewatching it all , and i'm going have to side with the enfj on this one . definitely an enfj , no doubt haha :p roud : tamaki : enfp / enfj maybe haruhi : i'm guessing infj . but there is a possibility intp kyoya : intj honey : esfp hikaru and kaoru : isxp i sort of suck at typing , but i'll give it a try naota - infp ( maybe even immature intp , could be isfp too though . ) mamimi - infp ( i'm sure of this one actually . ) haruko - extp ninamori - xntj ... how does any of that convey that he isn't an infp ? hell i know an unhealthy infp who does drugs to deal with his problems , i really wish he wouldn't though [ never mind ! ] ask them if they're insane . a i don't think anyone should rely on pills to make them happy . . i hope you feel better dude , i know what you're going through ; and here's what i say : find something that makes you happy when you ... oh ahah how i was in this exact situation a year ago . i really liked my isfp friend but it was getting odd after awhile i had a isfp friend who copied everything i did . ( style--i'm not even kidding--or the way i'll sit in a chair . : shocked :) it was cute at first , but then it got initially annoying ... i cry alone a lot or if i'm listening to a pretty touching song idk someone like regina spektor . also during movies . a lot . _ . then you should read the book and then rethink these types : mellow : i don't understand why everyone is saying charlie is unrealitistic there are people out there like him you know . you just haven't met them yet . i really quite speechless reading that book . i didn't want to really talk about it with anyone because it sounded ... i don't know how to explain it . but rather anyone thinks charlie unrealistic . or ... definitely ! when i : if try my very best to bump into you , but proceed not to talk to you ( unless you talk to me first . ) stare dreamily write 500 + songs about your hair also more staring if i make you mix ... oh haha . i second this . : unsure : i have never seen a more relatable post in my entire life . : shocked : i honestly don't think i've ever met a infj . there was this one girl i had associated with who claim she was one , but i sort think she was more on the intj , she took the mike briggs test and got infj ... i'm sure i appear pretty cold to my family members . i rarely talk about my feelings with any of them , and i don't even know if that's typical infpness or what . if their crappy sentimental music you can almost guarantee there will be plunges of tears . [ / font ]: rolleyes : god , how i know what you mean precisely ! it wasn't until the dark years . 5th - high school were i became this regularly emotional reserved kid who would rather not actually go to that party someone was throwing , but stay inside ... the reason i question my infp-ness most of the time ; is frankly because the flashbacks of my childhood . i was a cuddly kid who liked time alone , talking to doorknobs and devouring every book in the ... well said , well said . honestly whichever type , if they're pushy , constantly agitating me with small fights , i want to crawl in a ball in a corner and never come until they are good and gone . no way in hell tate's an e no way if anyone has ever read the white oleander then we could all agree that claire richards was an infp ... perhaps 5294652947 5294852949 52950 i'll have to duplicate some of these because they're exactly on the spot but .. people who blantantly lie , when they know i know the truth ass kissers when a favorite novel of mine , gets ... jeez people he didn't ask for the definition of anything everyone's giving these descriptive essay's . the actual question : how so i respond to people talking shit behind my back . 1 ) i distant ... politics pisses me off severely , after a debate or argument with a certain person who political ass hell , i feel exhausted and want to lay down . i really do wish i lived in a fairy land not even ... exactly ! when i temporarily into horoscopes i had explained to many people who directly focused on the sun sign that , that wasn't what you shouldn't only be focused on anyway . there's the house ... more ? 5199251993 51996 i've read every john green book there is :p roud : [ deleted ] this is majorly hard ... but the one's that i can think of at the top of my head is no one belongs here more than you short stories by miranda july every day by david levithan the catcher in ... i am absolutely in love with the idea of being in love . i've only been in love once . it is tragic though , when they don't love me back . jeez i take it hard i really do . where would you live ? if not in a brick walled , wooden floored small apartment in portland , or california , near mountains or forest ... or a near a shore . a small cottage maybe ... outside of the u . s ... this is quite possibly the very thing loathe the most '