' well , herex 92s the story . i met this girl , and i fell for her . now i have come to a conclusion that she is a entj , in fact a very unhealthy one . she hates most of the society , she doesnx 92t want to ... should i wear protective gear ? people have no idea how anything works nowadays and they are scared to even see circuit boards . jesus . but i know what you should do - check this youtube tutorial ... being alone and cycling a very long distance for days seems pretty addictive . it hurts the but as well .. but still , i continue . http://3.bp.blogspot.com/_2LiwE4cKIkA/TKFN4UnXfmI/AAAgQ/LtwxYYPIKYo/s600/Universal_Monsters.jpg bit smaller and clearer . couldn't find anything else . tip : learn to use images.google.com ... intj here , mine would be : galvenais ir neiespringt ! or the key is keeping calm ! in english i found this : wikipedia : unusual articles - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia then i kept on reading . friend ex girlfriends . then bad things happen . do not ever break the bro code . i think it has quite a lot with personalities , because for me and all my nt friends smoking weed is like a different world , because it activates the sensing and feeling bit we don't have that much , ... that is so enfj ! as an intj i am the kind of person who thinks that there is not such a thing as just friendship between male and female unless one does not respect one another as their gender should ... i was thinking about that all the isfps i've met in my life have no or barely any effect from smoking pot . is it so with you as well or is it just a consequence in my life knowing such rare people ? well i'm latvian studying in the uk . and i doubt i would like the stan smith stuff , but leather handles is the idea , matching with my honey brooks saddle in colour . trumpet , guitar , and a bit of piano . obviously in a short period of time i could learn any other brass or guitar type instrument , but i definitely need to learn some drum instrument for a full set of ... absolutely . just getting a useless piece of paper so my parents could be calm that all kids got their higher education . and then they will want me to find a highly paid job . i want to paint ... that is going to take a while . now i am supposed to write my thesis and i am just procrastinating it with different tasks like thinking about what color i will paint my bike in two months . but it is good to know that tastes actually match . ;) it is probably going to be black or brown , or blue . combined with striping around the lugs . maybe british racing green would do . it has really nice lugwork , that will be pinstriped .. it can will look like this maybe : http://farm6.staticflickr.com/5015/5641498558_f29d113e84_b.jpg darn , that was a long post . so this is my very old 1951 . claud butler road bike and i am going to restore it , but i can't decide what colour . since you are the ladies i am supposed to impress in any sort of way , what ... i would accept lucid dreaming as a great thing to do while asleep , but daydreaming is just ridiculous compared . no matter what i think people enjoy real things and feeling them with all senses ... i sooo luv the musik they makn nowadajz ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T6j4f8cHBIM&ob=av2e i used to think about the future way too often and that didn't really make happy at all . you wait and wait for something to happen and suddenly it happens and then it is gone . once i hitchhiked a man ... i think going to high school was the best thing that ever happened to me , because living in a society where everybody knows everyone isn't as good as it might seem . i lived my entire life in a small ... i have a strange feeling that ian mackaye [ musician , straight edge ` founder ` ] is an intj . i read somewhere that he is a entj , but i guess he might be a intj as doesn't seem that social to be an e . ... esfps that's the worst thing out there . yesterday i realized that one of my coworkers is an esfp and before i didn't know why i hated that idiot so much . i work at a bar and he has no idea about ... road bicycle ( if distance is up to 70km ) or hitch-hiking if further or abroad . in the city and in winter while commuting i ride a fixed gear bicycle . i abandoned public transport years ago and that ... generally i hate variety . lately i have given all my unused clothes to charity . actually i buy most ( like all 7 pieces ) of my clothing from charity shops ( i dislike paying more than 5 $ / piece of ... saw this coming .. title says it all . i am just getting into this mbti stuff and would like to know how useful / usable this tool is . interested only in intj answers so asked just here . regards is it for the spelling mistake in the title ? or any other spelling mistake ? today i wen't to my university to work on my thesis , after working a bit and printing some drafts i suddenly thought i should go to the universities atrium and just try to play the piano which is ... i would say i prefer np's in a relationship , but in work an nj is quite a lot better as a person to communicate to just because of the way decisions are made ; then discussions flow in a great tempo ... will it slowly dissolve different type personalities through the skin ? shut up and take my money ! thanks . i personally dislike the process of eating itself , it is quite boring , and killing to do something i dislike seems even worse than simply killing . i can easily make rice that will taste like ... i am a logically thinking person and logic tells me it is indeed stupid to do something bad for yourself , environment or others around me . i chose to simply not do all that because it all seems bad ... i do understand your ignorance to difference . all that i am saying about you is an assumption about how would a regular british citizen react to this situation . i do not know you you see , but i ... from wiki : an idiot , dolt , or dullard is a mentally deficient person . and my words are not conclusions , but assumptions . i might be wrong , but i can bet you still haven't even given it a though ... couldn't agree more . when i get a compliment from my entj mate about my knowledge , it seems really honoring . we are born equal , the way life treats us makes us different . i know you find this quite funny , you think i am an idiot . fair enough ! but think about it , just simply think about it . believe me , ... i know you are scared and a bit angry , but one day hopefully you will understand . from my own life experience i can tell , i used to be just like you , thinking rationally , but in the conventional ... as you said about mp3 players , it is just escaping reality , i like to face the reality and all these things no matter what are just tools for coping with life . i know some of those things are ... first of all , i'm intj type 3 . that explains quite a lot , i subconsciously wan't to be better than others . all these things have just let civilization down and if i am willing to change others , i ... i think mine was when i graduated high school , my latvian language teacher said well done . latvian language was the only subject i had a 3/10 , because i just couldn't care about it less . i was the ... why thanks for the posh language .. you know what really pisses me off ? intjs who don't know that they are intjs and think that they are so special . i was there once though . thanks . i prefer cycling , even if it is raining , snowing , ice cold or the distance is like 60km . if further , than hitchhiking . good to know , i guess i can moderate this . seems like good clean ... i just started around here and i can say , this is going to become addictive . people actually understand my intjness here . i am a person who generally hates addictions . in the last year i quit ... even being french i am supposed to know the spelling in english . i am latvian and in latvian voila would spell vuala , that's why the quote i guess . now knowing mbti i at least know what to look for . i have my alzheimer grandmother for that i guess . not a bad idea though . i surely have to look up slightly older people . weirdly i just ... now i have to consider widening my vocabulary . anglophone - damn that's sweet ! it's alright , english is not my mother tongue . '