' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nL95tYdtk_k while i see myself enjoying the company of entps , intps , and enfps , i think entjs are the most similar to intjs . when i work with my entj friend , we are quick to establish our goals and are ruthless ... not at all . it is a somewhat common practice , often referred to as k-level thinking . here is an example : level-k thinking - - from wolfram mathworld i had a professor actually play the game ... many of your post are quite wise . : good : i have my financial economics midterm on wednesday and am feeling overwhelmed . also , i am working on a presentation in latex ( my new love and a phenomenal ... and what about me ? did the formula find intj for me ? :-D it's definitely not that simple . we're people all the same . as such , there isn't a formula to dictate how we feel or think about any person or idea . especially , one that can be applied to the type as ... it depends on the depth of the relationship , but in most cases , yes . the trust and favor of an intj is difficult to gain and even more so to regain . that's quite similar to the intj function preference , which is ni > te > fi > se . i once took lessons in ballroom for a friend's sixteenth birthday party . i actually enjoyed it as i picked up on it quickly and liked that it's as structured as it is and allowed me to not look like ... i can see the benefits of instilling a sense of responsibility , integrity , and work ethic in children from a young age . i can say i have done this at least 25 times in the maybe three months i have been here . forum user handle : camflawless stage of life : graduate student area of profession : econometrics , economics . type : intj . how sure you are of your type : i have always tested intj . now that i have ... i'm finishing up my master's ( ms ) degree now before i enter the workforce . when negotiating a deadline for a class assignment with your professor , you push for the end of the week so you can get it out of the way while your classmates ask for two weeks . for me : - respect my things . treat them better than you do your own . ( i will do the same with yours things . ) - keep common areas organized . if you are messy , that's fine , but not in the space ... today i started fiddling around with latex on my laptop . given my minimal experience with programming , i am enjoying the steep learning curve and hope i can become somewhat skilled . :p roud : the same applies for me . sometimes i even find myself consciously procrastinating as i know i tend to excel in time-sensitive situations . i often seem to be a victim of writer's block or lack of ... yep . i feel as though everything i do has a purpose , so i am going to try and do it quickly and efficiently . do intps often enjoy acting as an ' agent of chaos ' ? i've been dating an esfj for the last year and a half long distance . it can definitely be a challenge sometimes for me as we are so different from one another . but she is very independent and works ... any of you particularly skilled with finance ( financial economics in particular ) ? i am taking a graduate course in it and i am fearful i am going to be overwhelmed , mainly with the math demand . it ... things are definitely going to be highly variable across individuals . and for me , when people often refer to intj's need to for individuals ( and mates in particular ) to be ' intelligent , ' i think they ... and i would actually wager that trying to make an intj love you is more likely to push them away from you than your intention . speaking personally , i need to open up to someone in a relationship at ... i typically use the time before bed to essentially debrief . it usually means reflecting on the day as well and planning the day ahead of me ( i . e . what i need to get done and where i have to be , etc . ) ... i have had a pet peeve since middle school : when someone finishes their thought or point with , or whatever . ' its always gotten under my skin . sent from my gt-i 9505 using tapatalk i guess it has earned the title of death glare , but it is rarely intended to be . i just have a tendency to get lost in my head and apparently a deathly glare is what my facial expression defaults to ... somewhat along those same lines , people often ask me what's wrong when i am sitting in thought . i guess it's that intj look that makes others feel something is off . but nope , i'm just enjoying ... my big gift this year was an ssd for my laptop . also , i am anxious to leave the family to return to my graduate courses . so i am in full agreeance . :D and what is the cause of this dislike ? any fellow intjs android enthusiasts ? - when people have completely external locusts of control . - when individuals try to be in total control of a situation . - hearing the same story more than two times . i seem to be in the minority here from quickly glancing through the thread . my notes tend to be quite meticulous and i have never been a doodler . for example , i have all of notes / exams / homework ... 89369 taken within the last month . most people tell me i look older than i am . you know you're an intj when all you want for christmas is a more intelligent population . i have also noticed that esfjs constantly need signs of approval , which is not natural for me as an intj . i figured that me conversing with and spending my time with you was enough of a signal of my ... .. and just when i was beginning to wonder where all these stereotypes of intjs being cold , desolate individuals . christmas in less than five days and my car's thermometer read 84 today . it's a little ridiculous . : tongue : the only individual i happen to know is a definite esfp gets under my skin like crazy . they are full of opinions that lack any logical base , they are budging into others interpersonal ... ' tis true . these interwebs are where we can most commonly be found . when you have a hard time listening to conversations amongst friends because your mind is constantly wondering at any interesting topic / point / subject brought up . i've always had great aspirations to read volumes and volumes of books . i haven't quite lived up to them thus far . currently struggling to get through atlas shrugged ; still 70 % left . i am studying applied economics and working towards a terminal masters degree . statistically speaking , we are one of the least common along with infjs and entjs if i am not mistaken . http://img.tapatalk.com/d/13/12/19/sarada8e.jpg agreed . i cannot stand to repeat myself . anything more than twice and my frustration is visible . as for schooling someone in an interest of my choice : if they are genuinely interested and put in the ... currently working through the wire . finished season 3 so two more remain . so impressed with how real the characters and plot are , particularly when you consider how many characters and subplots are ... i was relieved to know that our christmas party this year would consist of only my immediate family plus my grandparents from my mother's side . having only 8 of us rather than the typical 15-20 ... i guess i have lived up to our intj stereotype this semester . first semester of graduate school in my master's program and managed straight a's . something i haven't done since 3rd grade . : happy : when you regret coming along with your family because you forgot your headphones , which frequently act as your means of escaping the incessant talking . i am a new user , but from my time so far , this is spot on . for example , i've made my way to read threads on esfjs as i am dating one . android development , computers , and coding . '