' i'd recommend taking the pressure off the situation . allow things to evolve naturally and find things that help you grow in detachment about this one relationship . personally , one of my big ... hey incandescent , i hope you don't mind if i go into big sister mode for a minute here because i went through this a couple years ago . when i moved back to my hometown after graduating from ... ha ! me too . some of the youtube videos are so painful to watch . generally , i click well with about 50 % of the enfps i know in person . the ones that get on my nerves are a little on the ... is anyone else going to chris guillebeau's world domination summit in portland this july ? it'll be my first time going . should be amazing ... very nf ! there might be some people still trying to ... sometimes posts on typology boards or youtube videos seem so self-conscious and insincere ... purposely enfp ( or whatever other type ) . when people are relating through personality types ... there are definitely a lot of times in my life where this would have been something i could relate to . i think this curse is often tendency to be a dreamer who hasn't mastered follow through yet . ... my question was more about how you find your happy medium of connecting and being true to who you are as enfps . what is your approach ? i'm not really looking for advice about how i can care less ... this is a lesson i keep learning over and over again . holding these tensions is hard for most people , but definitely a lot of enfps . especially since so many of us have this tendency to intuitively ... how do you deal with shaking the self consciousness of wanting to be liked and wanting to be authentic ? what is your approach to doing both well ? it seems like a lot of people are big fans of ... she is difficult to type ! i think shex 92s definitely an ixtj . beckett seems more ni than si because she makes intuitive jumps in cases ( similar to castle ... but more focused ) and doesnx 92t value ... castle seems like such an enfp to me . he's definitely playful but makes decisions based on his values instead of logic . i think he's an enfp enneagram 7 . i could be biased though :) i love brene brown ! a few months before that talk was posted on the big ted website i stumbled across her blog and was so happy for her when it went viral because her work really resonates with me . ... i hate small talk , but i do it because there is a natural progression for a conversation . conversations lead to relationships ... platonic or otherwise :) if you really listen to what someone is ... i think intj / enfp match is suppose to be a good one overall , but i ’ ve never met an intj guy . so , i ’ ve never dated one . the only intj that i ’ ve known fairly well is a female . we get along great and ... even though we're talking about quotes ... i like this question . they ’ re probably pretty funny if you don ’ t know they ’ re murderers . psychopaths are suppose to be very charming . i ’ ve seen some ... for the past couple of years ix92ve had a tendency to restlessly search for ways to become my best self , find meaning , connection , purpose . this search will often result in feeling more grounded and ... i loved this movie ! it is so rare for me to be able to watch a movie more than once , but i've seen this one at least 3 times . the animation style was really cool , but i also liked the sense of ... i don ’ t think many enfps like small talk . we like to talk to people to connect deeply with them . however , small talk is required in order to have those opportunities to connect . it isn ’ t all that ... welcome to the forum fellow enfp ! hope you have fun :) lucky me ? lol i dont know about that . in a big picture sort of way i feel lucky to have maintained a faith in god within a church that is supported by my family ( full of sjs ) because that seems ... haha ... this is me . i'm not usually a violent person , but being tickled makes me so . i love podcasts . this may partially be because i am addicted to mashups and ideas , but it seems like it could also be an enfp ( or nf ) thing . they are free , do not use up my phone data on the road , ... as an enfp and a practicing catholic , i know ix92m in the minority here . and as a religious , spiritual , and creative person , i am kind of in the minority everywhere . i do not x93fit x93 into any of the ... best of luck to you heather . these are some of the hardest situations to experience . by writing this on the forum , i'm assuming you're wanting a little feedback ... so this is my attempt to respond ... lol the puppy dog metaphor is so accurate ... yikes that's probably a good and a bad thing . this was meant in more of a general way of trying to emulate characteristics we appreciate in other ... i guess i'll go first . 1 ) when do you feel most in your element as an enfp ? a ) hanging out in a group of people having quality conversation b ) doing something impulsive that isn't too ... i know that our biggest strengths as enfps are ne ( extraverted intuition ) and fi ( introverted feeling ) . there are a lot of descriptions about what these functions are , but ix92m trying to learn how to ... enfp with 830 friends ... after deleting some and being deleted by some lol . facebook was available at my university second semester of my freshman year . that was soon enough after high school ... this is one of my favorite things too . enfps ( probably all nfs ) typically connect with people on a deep level and see them for who they truly are . i have these moments with close friends and even ... hmm ... so are you describing a detached , authentic experience of an intense connection with someone ; where both of you are totally present and grateful for the moment without the typical expectations ... if i'm being touchy about little things , there is usually an underlying reason for it . i may not even know exactly what it is at the time . but , if it is brought to my attention ( in a loving way ) ... i think i've experienced what you're talking about . but , it's usually a bit bi-polar for me because this out of reach love is not a real relationship in progress . fantasy love cloudchasing is ... welcome to the forum : happy : welcome ! i'm new too ... and have also been lurking for a few years . glad we're finally contributing to it : happy : i'm not european ... but welcome to the forum : happy : welcome to the forum : happy : thanks so much ! i loved social psyc too ... other favorites were psyc of adjustment and abnormal . what is industrial psyc ? 50 songs felt so limiting ... but this is what i ended up with : amos lee x96 black river at the drive in x96 one armed sissor ben harper x96 waiting on an angel ben kweller x96 falling bon iver x96 ... thanks ! glad to be here : happy : hi liza , i'm another new enfp . welcome to the forum ! i checked out your music and love it ! you're very talented . i'll send you a link to my stuff in a pm . it doesn't really represent what i've been working on right now either , but i hope to get some ... very cool ! i usually describe what i do as vocal centric soul / folk / jazz . i sing the melody and pick out chords that work with it by ear . so my whole writing process is pretty simple , but that's how ... i did like your header ! you packed a lot of info into it . one of my best friends is an infp and i love her to death . she's been one of the most loyal friends i've ever had . music is a huge ... thanks for the welcome ! glad i'm not the only person with a psychology degree who likes mbti lol . i'm not sure how reliable it would be with patients or in research , but it would have been nice for ... that's awesome ! i went to school about an hour away from there but spend plenty of time at lsu . thanks for the welcome : happy : hi ! i'm an enfp 4w3 sx / so . it's nice to find a place full of people interested in this stuff . i'm new to the forum but have been a fan of myers briggs and personality typing for a long while . ... '