' well , a desire for order , a tendency to live by a certain code , and a sort of perfectionism . if the basis of your ni = type 1 idea is that inxjs can be perfectionistic , i think you're barking up the ... most of these i've seen before , but how did you come up with the idea that ni is type 1 ? i don't think i've ever seen that before . usually type 1 is seen as more of a te thing . also , why is type ... well , if i snub someone who has any degree of influence over others , they could potentially get me fired or turn my friends against me . there's also a possibility that they could uncover dirt on me ... well , yeah , but if you're that rude to them directly , they might cause trouble for you . of course , if you know the person isn't a threat to you ... then yes , you can do whatever you want to them ... here's what i do , starting from least severe to most extreme methods : 1 . make excuses to avoid hanging out with them or talking to them . most people will pick up on this eventually , if you go ... i do think isfps can be similar to infjs , though i don't think it's iq-related . i think it's just because they're both ixfx types that use ni / se over si / ne . i often find isfps more relatable in ... why did you quote me ? why do you have to single me out ? other people are far more hostile to your argument than i have been , and i was just trying to settle things with someone else . now i have ... wow , your main three points are the same as my mom's ... she's also a sagittarius sun , libra rising , aquarius moon . well , yeah , of course a male isfj isn't going to be very feminine ... but anyway , i don't see how the level of accuracy / precision about the nature of types and taking into account all these ... i was half-joking because i don't take the concept of a type being feminine very seriously to begin with . but i do know that i wouldn't be very good at a lot of the stereotypically feminine / maid ... i would think isfj . an infj would be too spaced out and daydream too much to be a great housekeeper or cook . what would they look like ? probably kind of like this : http://www.osanimi.org/wp-content/uploads/2009/06/witchdoctor1.jpg hi ! look at this cute macramé model of a sierpinski triangle i just made . oh , and what do you think of these beautiful landscape photos ? i shot them with a 35mm lens . they could do other things , ... well , it seems that we mostly have a philosophical disagreement here . i think that your type is about those natural tendencies , and not about results or objective / measurable categories . i'm more ... duncan , a . ( 2014 ) . the threat of educational stagnation and complacency . education digest , 79 ( 7 ) , 23 . patterson , t . ( 2013 ) . we the people : a concise introduction to american politics ( 10th ed . ) ... intjs are typically good strategists with some sort of drive to achieve their goals , yes . that part is typical of njs in general , afaik . but caring about the good of everyone , rather than just ... out of those four ? isfj . you do seem fairly relatable in terms of judgment , now that i've seen the fe , but you seem more si / ne . also , you seem to have good thinking on top of that . i have to admit , i never thought i'd see so many intjs talking about this stuff . i always thought they were so invested in the objectivity / rationality thing that they'd never admit to an interest in ... everything you said made sense , i think . although ... i'm pretty sure mercury ( ruler of gemini / virgo ) is in my 11th house , not my 5th house . was that a typo , or is there something else going on ... i'm interested . date of birth : 04-01- 1988 time of birth ( must be exact , within 5minutes ): 8: 40am , central location of birth : chicago , il . i was born via c-section , so i'm sure the time is ... i feel like i should point out that that's actually not what the theory suggests . your type doesn't just change because you use your brain differently . it's not about behavior or conscious ... militantsparrow i can see why you thought you were an infj now ... there's actually a lot of fe in here . in fact , i'm now fairly certain you're an fj of some stripe . some of your responses make ... actually , yes . there are a few questionnaires stickied in this subforum as a way of drawing these things out when you aren't sure what to say . choose one of these three : ... i actually do relate to the ti guy in the video a little bit ... particularly when i'm trying to avoid admitting guilt for something . perhaps not to that literal extreme , but i'm aware of that as a ... that sounds more like te to me . i wouldn't rule out ti entirely , but right now i'm seeing te mostly . in this dialogue , socrates is ti while euthyphro is te . this how te looks to ti . the internet classics archive | euthyphro by plato on the other hand , in this video , you see how ti looks to te ... keirsey temperaments really aren't a good way of typing yourself , especially if you're an inxj . a lot of nfs are more like stereotypical nts , and a lot of nts are more like stereotypical nfs .  ... good question . keirsey temperament website - portrait of the rational mastermind ( intj ) a lot of people are introduced to type theory by a book that calls intjs rationals and masterminds . ... i don't know if the op was only interested in intp opinions on the subject , but since - alpha - already mentioned me , i thought i'd mention him in return . he does seem to understand how i think fairly ... i have a pretty good idea what kind of person you think i am , and i know i can come off that way . they shared with me by choice and felt my words resonated with them . edit : sorry if i seemed a ... i can tell you what it is , actually : decans or decanates - planet rulers basically , it divides each 30 degree sign into 10 degrees . the first ten degrees of a sign are most strongly ruled by ... isn't that the definition of intp to start with ? i kind of assumed that tine and intp were basically interchangeable terms . that's technically true , but it's a little like saying that the best way ... infj . i try to avoid discomfort , but i don't go out of my way to make myself comfortable either . i don't mind stiff clothing material , although i dislike tight clothing because it makes me ... well , it's a very tentative idea , i haven't done enough research yet . but i'm thinking of ... type 12 vice : demiurge ( a tendency to create / nurture things that reflect an inner flaw ) . type 12 ... this kind of thinking reminds me so much of how i used to alienate people . you sound sort of like me , if i were extremely jaded and full of testosterone . i always resented the hell out of it when ... if some of the complaints i bring up are out of date , i should note that i've been involved in the typology community since 2007 or so , and basically had a four-year hiatus from all sites of this ... yeah , i do wonder about people that filter the functions out of the descriptions of enneagram types in order to justify an enneagram type that doesn't seem to suit their mbti . the idea is rooted ... msn no longer exists because microsoft purchased skype and discontinued msn service . it's defunct , so there's no issue getting rid of that . i don't hear of too many people using icq these days ... chicklit sorry i skipped your videos , but you didn't have a post up when i started out . that's one thing i hate about threads like this ... it seems like someone always replies to my subject by the ... actually , most of the users i've seen who refuse to accept friend requests and try to keep their friend list empty are intjs . it seems to be some sort of pride / independence thing with them . i think aim and yahoo should be left in place , because i still use those occasionally . some people's computers can't handle skype , and others just don't want to video chat . you seem like a 7w6 , 4w3 , 9w1 . well , i'm going to post more songs . this time , i'm using songs that i enjoyed at an earlier time in my life , around 12-11 .   ... one irritating idea is the fact that people who don't see themselves in a type right away , or who ask for help , are assumed to be 9 or 6 . worse , with 6 , the fact that you doubt your type is used as ... it seems way too subjective , but here's what i'm gathering from it : warm outside = p warm inside = f cold outside = j cold inside = t i don't really agree that ps seem warmer than js do ... apparently , this : i do see ti dominance as a possibility , but i have trouble seeing the si and ne . that part , i understand so far . i don't actually think he does sound istj , though . i think he may actually ... i've never seen him as intp , though . even back when he thought he was one , i didn't see it . i'd consider istp before intp . he really doesn't seem like an si / ne user to me , if i'm being honest . as far ... right . i'm not saying that people shouldn't connect to the groups they find themselves joining . i'm just saying that you should be aware of what you believe and what your nature is apart from that . ... actually , i'm not saying intjs should do that at all . if anything , intjs naturally tend to seek out arguments , and thus don't really need to do what i'm doing . i'm just saying that i think i should ... me , obviously . xd just kidding . i don't think there's anyone who has no personal issues or weaknesses . the point is that people should strive to be aware of their issues and handle them , rather ... '