' i know i think i'm an enfp now , but i still feel like i share similar problems with infps so i hope it's okay to post this here . i've known a guy for about wow ... 7 years ... deal is he is an ... are you considered hot or beautiful or cute by others physical standards ? cute ... can't stand that word though . so i look like a 12 year old five foot fairy , whatever . i guess some creepy ... he seemed way too forceful and determined in radiant dawn to be isfp . but that's the second lol ... he could very well be an isfp in the first though :) haven't played por in a while . anyone interested in typing fire emblem characters from any game ? i've played half way through most of them and all the way through one or two mostly so ... path of radiance ike - esfj or enfj ... i play with her outside of band everyday and constantly say how good she is at her instrument ( she's in the top portion ) . a part of being in band is to use those above the squad leader as a last ... well since i fucked up what should i do now ? she had two weeks to think , and had 7 people behind her trusting that she was going to do her job ... and she didn't . i'm sorry for stepping in , but ... i have nothing against intps at all . the intp in question is actually on of my best friends . the deal is she has been put in a leadership position to where i ( an enfp , not an infp as stated above , ... there are some dark infps out there as well haha . but from the get up and do something instead of think about it point ... you're probably an infj . you're welcome ! : cool : it's a mix , honestly . an intp once explained to me that there are steps that a person goes through when meeting me . 1 . she's very cold and emotionless ... this is usually because i'm afraid to ... ahh ... i like my daydreams too , don't get me wrong . it's what i do before i go to bed ... and what i do when i don't feel like getting out of bed ... and also what i do when someone talking to me loses ... we would need more information to help . an infps dominate function is fi , or introverted feeling . infjs dominate function is ni or introverted intuition . it's not just a matter of j or p :) . you ... i usually get a 50-50 score on enfp or infp and i'm not really sure which i am . i've looked into the dominant functions , and both ring very clearly to me . like an infp , i spend most of my free time ... i do it every hour : cool : ... but that's only because i have a problem to where every time i experience an emotion ( whether it be happy ... sad ... angry ... excited ) i begin to sweat excessively ! it's ... i always saw shego as an entj ... very entj lol . she has that loud aggressive and smart nature . kim is an esfj i think ... very devoted to what she does and concerned with her social standing at ... thanks guys for helping me with this . i'm young and i know that ill mess up but you guys have helped me avoid one big mistake . you guys , when positive help me a lot and always make things clearer . ... thanks guys for helping me with this . i'm young and i know that ill mess up but you guys have helped me avoid one big mistake . you guys , when positive help me a lot and always make things clearer . ... because he has helped me with my problems in the past as a friend ! should i avoid being just friends with him too ! ? i'm sorry ... i just can't stop helping think he could be the person he once was i ... thanks for the help guys . i guess i'm just a little too idealistic . he once wasn't like this at all ... but i guess people do change for the worst sometime . if he asks for my help with anything i ... if you really knew me , you'd understand why i sometimes break into uncontrollable crying fits . infp here in desperate love / hate with an enfj ... so here we go ! i've been interested in an enfj boy for a few years now and due to a lying intp friend he now knows ( even though he always had some ... o why aren't we flying to the moonplanet on a giant raven / panther hybrid already then ! xd oh there's definitely dark twisted stuff in my mind too . that's why my love knows magic swordfighting and acrobatics lol if you're allowed to do that i'm bringing the whole world inside my head to life including my imaginary special someone who is a beast at magic sword fighting and acrobatics ! :D oh my god i almost forgot it ! switch fma for avatar lol . thanks for the reminder . :-) who would it be ? why ? what effect would they have on your life ? how would they end up altering the world ? jack from romancing the stone ( and only romancing the stone ) why ? because i've been ... rugrats - hahaha the hidden adult jokes full metal alchemist brotherhood - corny at times but it has some really powerful themes in it . big bang theory - been a fan since the pilot , not since it ... my little sister basically got her first boyfriend ... before i got my first ... she's six years younger . i feel like a ugly person with no personality . the enfj i've had a crush on for years figured ... don't use the word sugar coat ! it is my most hated phrase . rarely does the infp ever really sugarcoat , or at least i mean what i say lol . if they thought you were weird they'd call you weird lol ... had an older brother who did meth and cocaine for years . he turned abusive while on it which made me grow up too soon at the age of eleven . at eleven my job was protecting my little sister from ... i like me some earthbound , chrono trigger , majoras mask , shadow of the colossus , final fantasy 7 ( just because of aerith ) , and the last two elder scrolls . those are the games i go back to very ... well who likes staying inside the lines anyway . :P . you're so lucky to have a mom like that ! i have an esfj mom who tells me coloring is for little kids constantly lol . i'm almost eighteen but i'm still handed the kids menu at restaurants even when i'm with a group of people my age . at least i love coloring : tongue : been playing extremely violent games since i was three . people say that on the friendliest most non violent person they know . games honestly haven't desensitized me at all lol , i cry and flip out ... you're such a lousy friend and listener ! i must be the most oddball infp to ever walk the face of the planet . i love compliments . when i get them from people i love i act really obnoxious about it ( but in a fake humorous way that has ... wow guys i didn't have any idea this thread would take off like a rocket ship . it makes me so happy to see we have so many likes in common . :) and yes , i love skin too hahaha i love vnv nation ! ! ! they're like ... the best :D . well almost lol you remind me of a disney woodland creature what's wrong ? you're being so quiet . you're so smart yet you don't understand any real world stuff . you've said that a million times already ... ouran high school host club haruhi fujioka - intj ... just a really mature one with a pretty strong grasp on emotions . a lot of people tag her as infj but she really kind of sucks at fe ... and she's ... she's a video game character , but , you know , no difference lol . anyways i've been told i'm a walking aerith gainsborough lol . stubborn to an extreme degree and very spunky / charming when i want to ... mai to me seems like a definite intj ... i know both types pretty well ( both being female ) and there is a manor difference being the way they handle someone treating them lowly . in my experience most ... wooh , i have been watching this show over and over again since the day it aired first , so move out of my way people lol ... aang ( enfp 9 ) - like others said , classic child enfp ... probably a 9 ... we're infps and lets face it guys , we love feelings :) what do you love the feeling of ? as for me ... i love the feeling i get when ... i reunite with someone who i haven't seen for years ... i ... i come from the worst little town in east texas usa ... the place where southern goodness basically translates into lies cloaked under dark pine needles lol . it's not so bad sometimes , though . i just ... hey , it happens lol . i just wish it happened more often . i absolutely adore my enfj acquaintance that i think very ... ummm ... highly of lol ... : blushed : most unique hugs a person could ask for ! it seems like a lot of infps here dislike hugs ! : sad : i love how every second spent with them is a dangerous adventure into the unknown ! i compare hanging around them to snowmobiling as fast as possible on a very thin mountain ledge in the dead of ... if you give an enfj a hug ... you won't be able to escape what you started for some time . you may be licked on the face , perhaps picked up off the ground and spun around until you are dizzy ... hmm ... i gave an intj a hug without warning once i was basically thrown across the room by my face : laughing : if wars were done by hugging other i'm sure the intj would be some sort of secret and ... if you give an infp a hug ... they will awkwardly hug you back and probably smell ( i smell people at least : blushed :) , sit for hours wondering why you gave them the hug , and then bother you for ... '