an enfp fizzes with their many feels also : gooby woob ‽ cotillion - i do not blame you one bit ! no worries . i would have probably backed straight out if it weren't my own post :P thanks for leaving me a reply anyway . :) thank you so much for your reply ! <3 definitely agree - i'm fine when i lock myself in my room while i work out and make a beeline for the shower straight afterwards , which i did for a bit ... hello perc , it's been a very long time since i frequented this forum . i'm writing today because i have quite a few dilemmas at the moment , and i would really value having some different opinions and ... you would love improveverywhere's no pants subway ride . : laughing : if i like you and want you to be aware of this , i will try to get your attention in every way possible . look at you more , talk to you more , hover around you more , flirt , give you presents or do ... hey ben , welcome to the forum . :) i totally feel for you , and everything you said , i can imagine how tough things must have been sometimes . the good news is that you've found all of us ! :D oh , + ... mashed potatoes .. hahaha i'm pretty low maintenance . xd but that's my go-to comfort food . i'm sure this isn't type-specific , but since you're asking i also love basically that is italian , or a ... enfp here . usually my writing style matches my speaking style , which also happens to be very closely modeled after my thinking style ;) so yeah , it goes from ' thinking out loud ' to ' typing out loud ' ... hmm . my answer is , i don't think so . perhaps only the very extreme es and the very extreme is . if they have 600 friends and all their facebook photos are with at least 3 other people , they're ... clinical depression can ( and will ) get anyone regardless of type , but yes es can feel very depressed too . from personal experience i think enfjs would be much more likely to show it than enfps . i'm ... i'm in a family of four . estj mum and infp dad . not sure what my younger brother is but we've never gotten along wonderfully . possibly estp , but i haven't settled on it yet . haha thanks , i guess ? all very cute suggestions but i think i'm going to pass on the ' sexy ' entirely , as halloween skimpyness is probably even worse than halloween scaryness / goryness , in my mind at ... okay , fine . i spoke too soon . as of yesterday , i've officially been invited to my first halloween celebration - a costume party at my friend's house . and now i'm scrambling for what to dress up as . xd yes . i have extremely high expectations of myself , yet make an effort to lower other people's expectations of me as much as possible , so it is insulting . usually people who are condescending have no ... i've never celebrated it because , being in a christian home , we never really had a reason to . but i don't remember the last time i went to a light party , either . i would be very into it ( dressing ... i agree that as an enfp i am a ' catalyst ' , and i can trace this back to childhood , before typology . it's always been a cool trait to have - i would pull friends from all my different groups ... i used to get deja vu really often , but it's now been a while since i experienced it . it may have to do with the fact that i'm not getting enough , proper sleep anymore . mine aren't extensive or ... my close enfj friend wouldn't specifically say ' x calls and x txts a day ' but yes , she would require it , possibly more . but she is young and not the healthiest enfj at the moment . frisbee-hive is my favourite ! ! my humble offerings , off the top of my head .. frisbarcelona the frisbeatles frisballoon frisberries frisboogieman frisbaloney sandwich maybe you just need a new pool of people in your life . go somewhere you don't usually go to , or get involved with a hobby group / club ? ? :) that god pulled through for me once again , when i don't really deserve it . and that people are nice . ohhh my goodness i'm not alone . ( although why am i surprised , this is the enfp forum after all ! silly me ... okay getting back on topic , sorry ) i've always wanted to get married but i feel the same ... oh nooo i just dropped $ 140 ( us ) on bath products at my favourite e-tailer hahaha . half of that was pure international shipping : shocked : i worked with an infj friend of mine on a music video project last year , and i'm still dumbfounded at how well it worked out ! we got things done at a steady pace , and never had any problems between ... hahaha oh yes , my handwriting is terrible . i'm a fast writer , and i press down into the paper really hard . i never really learnt to do cursive , but when i because i write quickly some of the letters ... i have also been known to be utterly oblivious to an overflowing desk , bed not made , emails not replied to and nothing ever being in its proper ' place ' , yet spend hours picking all the tiny pieces of ... i don't use my phone enough to comment , but i screen facebook messages now . especially because they have the new ' seen ' read-receipt feature . instead of reading and ignoring a message ( and the sender ... full day , but i would put this off the last , latest day ever possible . xd that's awesome to hear - i can't wait to experience this ' soul-click ' for myself ! ! i'm hoping to bump into a few infjs at university next year ... : tongue : at the moment my only experience of ... it really is ! have a wander into the istj forum , and you'll find several threads about istj / enfp relationships . i was really surprised at how well they seem to work out for people ! kekeke ;) ... how old are you ? i'm recently eighteen and for the last couple of years i have been feeling drained a lot more quickly ( on weekends and such , out of school , i prefer to be holed up at home . i ... hmm my dad is an infp as well , and my mum is an estj ! i've always felt it was easier to relate / communicate with my dad . i believe my closest male friend to be an istj and i get along better with him ... thank you all for your input ! it's very valuable for my understanding of estjs . :) the only problem i see with this , i guess , is when estjs get paired with people like me , as coaches or ... i agree with basically everything that's been said so far . i like it when everything looks tidy and organised , and for this reason i love post-it flags , shelves , little containers and boxes , etc ... hi infjs , i'm posting here for the first time with an project i find interesting . some of you may have seen these pictures before , though , so please bear with me while i get some answers , and please ... remember , mbti functions are about preference , not behaviour . depending on your job , environment , group of friends , etc , you can act ' non-enfpish ' and still have those same preferences . :) hmm i guessed and picked liberal protestant without first reading your post ; i should really be under moderate instead . same here ! once i ' fall ' for something ( like a new hobby , language , etc ) i fall hard . i spent a lot of money , time and stress on it . i also agree with the thing about school . i get top grades in ... the thought can be terrifying to me . i feel guilty very easily because of it . i could show you what it looks like ... but then i'd have to kill you . : tongue : it is so messy . things everywhere . i've never really had posters or photos up on my walls , although i have two of my ... i looove public speaking ! never had a problem with it . when we did speeches at school , my only problem was going overtime by double the allocated amount . :P i only get nervous if i don't feel ... that really sucks , i'm so sorry to hear that . :/ losing a friend in any way is awful , and this must be a confusing and hurtful situation for you . :( from my personal point of view , it seems like ... i've never really thought about who my smiles benefit , but i do it because i want to , or because i can't help it . but i mean , a genuine , friendly smile never hurt anyone either ! when i smile for the ... isn't there a support & suggestions sub-forum for something like this ? :) same here , i'm no expert in depression or colleges for that matter , but i would go for the second option . remember that you should be thinking about the big picture / long term . don't ' settle ' for a ... hmm if you think your friends couldn't offer financial support , how about suggesting something more practical ? like taking turns to carpool or cook a meal for them or something like that . that's a ... i would love to . ugh i really would , and i've thought about it so much . but i need the messages & ' groups ' feature to keep in touch with everyone , and the photo section . the event tool is useful , but ... sleep water laughter friends privacy prayer / bible quotes positive feedback options mirror fresh fruit i only very recently added my avatar , but i'd had this one in mind for a while . it's of a coffee bean isolated in a crowd of coffee beans . the coffee reflects my username , which i chose out of no ...