cobol ! :p roud : . check out this link too ... ( btw , i didn't read your post ) the doc told my mother that it only takes a few days for the nicotine withdrawal to go away ... after that it's pretty much only the well-frequented neural pathways ... but you can beat that , i sure :) ... and you secretly love the idea . :D * hugs themorrigan * yeah , i've been a bit busy , but i still lurk around at times . :) sounds like an istp i know . ^ ^ this is me . i like crafts , but need to only engage in small projects . never the less , i have thrown caution to the wind and have ordered this recently . it's a huge project ; if i am dedicated it ... i am able , but usually not willing ... it all depends on what the payoff is for mimicry , but i can definitely do it when i feel like it . sometimes , it just makes life a little easier . forgot to say why i started : i don't really know . i just looked at a packed i was supposed to keep in my handbag for a friend and then took one and smoked it . that was that . i guess i was curious or ... i no longer smoke . the tipping point : i was only a social smoker who would smoke a pack a night when i went out with friends ( and at that time i went out a lot ) , but then my daily situation changed ... i do that too ... the problem is when i do it to some vengeful fool at work who then will try to make my life miserable for one true comment . i haven't done it yet , but lately it's been difficult not ... have you ever seen kirsten stewart being interviewed ? my word , i saw one the other night and it was like watching myself being interviewed . there was stuttering , ' back-tracking ' , giving up on ... yes .   . 1 ) - mental self ( mental stimulation / growth ) - family & friends ( another duh ) - physical self ( physical health , appearance , etc ) - finances ... how much i need to live comfortably . 2 ) - ... i would suggest starting with pride and prejudice . if you're looking for something to watch i would say the 1995 bbc series of p & p is a great place to start ( only six , hour long episodes ) . i would ... well , i think elizabeth bennett is an infj probably , but darcy is an istj in my opinion . : blushed : thanks , i would , but i'm not what i seem . you'll only get hurt . : frustrating : i attract mates by being oblivious and generally nice . that only attracts people who actually like enfps . then i have to try and explain that i am not what i seem , but that strategy is a guaranteed ... 1st : afrikaans 2nd : english i had xhosa in primary school , but have forgotten basically everything . i understand dutch and flemish if people speak slowly and simply , but they are easier to read . are you sentimental ? if yes , about what exactly ? so what are your habits hygiene wise ? that's to say if you have any . :D apart from the general ( which is welcome because i'm a total voyeur and find people's rountines and habits totally gripping ... i got a box of chocolate seashells the other day . they were all the same colour , but not the same shape . so when that happens i eat them starting with the ' ugliest ' and work my way through to the ... it's like you read my mind . :p roud : i eat in order too , especially candy . i eat candy in order of colour and certain candies i eat one part first and then the rest . like liquorice candies : ... go read about the different cognitive functions for each type and the order in which they work . peacock sounds lovely ! wetwipes ? ... oh , i forgot to add , having minions for toilet paper hanging leaves me with more time to go sock shopping . : tongue : * shriek * my eyes , you devil ! have mercy ! yes , see , i was thinking something close to what apollo celestio had , but to change it up ( and make it suit most of my outfits ) i will add highlights like the pic wealldie posted and all the ends ... i am not socially aware . i have no manners or sense of propriety . feelings ? ? what are they ? can you eat them ? i hate people . i love math and live in a lab . snuff movies to intjs are like romcoms ... i don't hang my own toilet paper . i have minions for that . they hang it anyway they want ... i like to give them certain freedoms ... i don't fart . : mellow : farting is a totally esfp thing to do and i am an intj - no one can convince me otherwise . go fart on other forums you imposters ! i find this when writing replies to threads too . seems like i'm a coward too . * runs away * 1 . trolls piss me off . this is the right thread for my statement . 2 . my friend can fight her own battles . come out , come out , wherever you aaare ! :D cowardly trolls . bring.it.on . you will lose . : tongue : seeing as i'm not interested in world domination i would just ignore your rules and regulations about what makes a slave . i will only be a slave if i ... * makes a mental note * thanks hemo ... you're so thoughtful . * hugs * : tongue : ... i don't know . that would result in self-hate i think ... : unsure :: unsure : i wonder ... do you guys think that if i dyed my naturally blonde hair a dark brown colour that i will become more intelligent ? i didn't tick anything . lol . christian / protestant / reformed / calvanist / presbyterian : nederduits gereformeerde kerk ( dutch reformed church ) -> how i was raised . though i still ' believe ' , i don't go to church anymore . i'm ... my team has gone out for lunch , but i had to stay to wait for something . now that it's done i can't decide if i want to go ( already had lunch anyway ) or if i'm going to stay . hmmm ... can't believe how swoon worthy everyone is ! ! ! right , well , i have tried so many times to post on the ' request judgment ' thread , but it makes me squirm ... apart from the fact that i can never find the right words to express myself . edit : this ... i don't disappear , intentionally , it's all part of the ebb and flow of my friendships and the friends i have get that . that being said , if you're my friend and need me , even in the middle of the ... nooo ! you're way too young to give up ! just relax and let it be .