' norway i get more loving and i talk more , and i get very flirty after a while . and say things to shock people and act in different ways , get more ecsentric then i allready are . but sometimes i get sad , and ... 1 . ) what are your initials ? tjj 2 . ) country you live ? norway 3 . ) age ? 19 4 . ) girl or boy ? girl 5 . ) fav color ? black and red 6 . ) genre of music ? rock , indie and classic 7 . ) fav book ? communist ... you can look at boys <3 and kiss them . pete doherty is really making me go crazy ! ! :) heath ledger was also really hot i think . and leonardo dicaprio when he was younger . but mostly i prefer pete doherty . oh yes , and of course , james ... thats a big problem for me too . i really understand what you mean . i think maybe the clue is too practice arguing . just try to be calm , and dont let the anger and the lack of self confidence go into ... i dont understand how i can get the picture in the thread . but her is a link if you botter :P ps . this is my thired school eyes hell yes . very often . but one time a guy thought i was much older for my creative style . but most of the time i get treated as im younger , even from the one in my own age . my first children kiss was when i was two years old . my first real kiss ( not just touching lips ) was when i met this boy on internet , and one or two minute after we met , he stock his tunge in my ... im totally agree with you . thats why i am a communist . you should check out the communist party for your country . it is one in us of that where you are coming from . its not at all so bad that you may ... because im to wild and nervous at the same time , or switiching time . and there arent too many guys im interested in . and i dont know .. why are so many people not single ? leonardo dicaprio without a doubt . and heath ledger is also one of the best , and also my favorite as a person . and i also love ruth gordon . and nicolas cage . and sheryl lee . and lilja from ... eminem - rain man me too , i drink to often and when i do i tend to drink so my brain falls out and its just a shadow of myself left . my mom sometimes think i develop to an alcoholic . but i dont think so , im ok . me too , im have ocd and take zoloft . and do you guys thinks an infp and an intp could fith together ? or not ? ( thanks for answears , i really need it ! ) how can you get an intp to be in love with you ? ( and you know he was intrested in you and he thought you were cute and pretty ) ( im just afraid that i have blown the whole thing in part , because im ... i like to call my self relgious or i am at least in contact with the mysteries of life . :) i think and hope there something in the air . i feel that i have a lot of prove of that something is watching ... im often a highly outgoing person who can someitmes be the center of everything . and im love to drink . and i think its fun too se people fighting . i love when the class has to parts and we are mean ... amy whinehouse - rehab :P twin peaks for sho , only and lonly when you go to a party with two diffrent shoes . when your siters says : omg can you stop being so fucking soft ? ( fuck her ) when you dont want to say if you are exitet or not to a event ... its hard to tell why your friends acting like this , it could be many things . but i know for myself that im not that good at realationships . i can get sometimes a very intense friendship with ... no i dont think so . i love infps and i love my self as an infp . but we are not the typical wonder type , at all . its many other types thats also very loving and caring . like isfp , or enfp or intp ... i love to play police and teef with a lot of freinds in the dark ( its sounds sexual but its not haha or it could be , your choise ) or hide and seek kind of thing but i dont know what its called in ... i know your feeling , i have been there but .. you may not belive me , but you can do a diffrence in the world . big time diffrence . and if you are that sad , maybe you should for example take a ... i wonder if holden caulfield from the catcher in the rye is infp and maybe harold from harold and maude dont fear , but embrace life dont have sex with random people dont drink and smoke so much dont stay up so late my inpression : infps - be better to understand themselves and be okay with themselves maybe isfp - often low self esteem , and to needy , and can be very angry . enfp - too restless and sometimes ... and the guy rim is not whining he is just haveing fun with being dramtic , thats how infps roll nah nah nah people love infps ! we are fun , kind , smart , mystical . we bring hope and emotions to the world . that other people are sad , espacsely the people closest to me . and that people in my opinion think so wrong and so stupid . and that it is no father for the human race , no god . and death . yes other people often think im stupid ! ! but when they get to know me , they think im really really smart b - ) but people forget that its many ways to be smart on . because i can be pretty slow ... :P yes . one time a got the biggest laugh after i saw a little shoe on the road , for example . but i hadnt slept . but im not that weirdo about my humour , because ( not to brag ) but mostly people ... 2 days ago , when i was late , and my mom was mad and said i had to hurry up , but i had to fix something i was really really shy , so some grown ups was worried and thought it was something realy wrong with me . and i was also daydreaming a lot and was always playing with my self and talked to myself . and ... i seeing someone now , not girl friend and boyfriend , but almost . but we dont know eachother . and today i was walking home from him . and this goodlooking guy come to me and asked for lighter . i ... i dont know . i want just good for every one , and i work for peace , that my biggest passion . but im attracded to darknes in a werid way . like twin peaks f.eks . i dont know .. when i write stories , its ... i get really aroused if the guy have a front teeth missing . i love that . and purple nipples . and if he are pale , and he is dark under his eyes . and i love to have sex with shoes on . yeah . and ... i hate to read ! i want to like to read , because you get smart and all , but i dont like it , i cant conserntrate and i get bored . i often began to change the story in my head too . i like movies much ... hahaha me to ! ! ! i hate it ! i cant stand it . i get pannic ! but i love to sing myself , i just hate when other do it ! i hate it pretty much . i like exchange gift . but i dont like the food , the boredom , the cleaning , the stress from other poeple , no parites , just dry cookies . yeeah i hate it .. i drink a pretty much , and i always want more and more , until i get blackout ... so i guess im weak to alcohol . i smoked weed before but i often get a very bad selfesteem and got paranoid , and i ... mm yes and slacker for the really pationt movie geeks .. and night on earth movies i love ( and think infps could liked ): romeo + juliet ( with leonardo dicaprio ) harold and maude kids the basketball diaries ( not all good , but i like it ) wild at heart how to be twin ... extremely nevrotic and very anxious have no self control and self respect ( f.eks . sex , drugs and alcohol ) not any respect for time or appoinments extremely lazy ( ! ) not in connections with my ... it depends . sometimes deep talk can be brain damage too . i actually think eminem is an infp ? or infj ? yes eminem is intutive when you have lost all your controll have become an insect '