' age , name , family and friends existence , sexual orientation and what order the months of the second half of the year go in . i have also been known to forget to eat , so i might be an extreme case . to be honest , it always mattered more to me whether or not i actually like the person . if i find them acceptable i'll talk to them . it just so happens that i share certain genetic characteristics ... well , currently it's clean . but usually ? trash of the titans doesn't even come close to describing it . oddly , i only tend to lose things that i take care not to lose . otherwise i know where ... believe it or not , i was fairly sure i was giving out very obvious signs that i was lying in that example , such as stuttering and hesitating , so it might be a case of everyone around me being very ... i'd say i am , yes . i even recently performed an experiment with my friends to see if they could spot the lie in three statements . they could not . as for the morality of it , i'm against lying with ... well , i always thought darker than black was a good one if you have that kind of taste . final year of high school here . as i'm in australia , we just go strait from primary school to high school . for the most part , it's been a very depressing . i only recently figured out how to interact ... well , the last one is from angel beats , which is a good one if you feel the need , to quote a friend who has also seen it , to go from crying because you're laughing so hard to legitimately crying out ... hmm , interesting . i would say i'm one of the few people i know who actually can act in my location ( i realize how arrogant that sounds , but performances by some of my peers can result in almost ... been away for a bit myself , but i liked that answer enough to believe it warrants a response . i actually completely agree with you . i also have that same drive you described , which also keeps me in a ... my laziness continuing to override my common sense . it actually terrifies me . also , birds . oh it's fairly easy , all things considered . keep your mind open to new ideas , but do not let anything compromise your integrity , never let go your ideals , but be prepared to discard everything else ... speaking as an intj who is still in the egotistical know it all jackass phase , i have to say i agree with you . i've been going through some of my behaviour lately and i've realised i am not living up ... right , here we go ... tall ( 6 ' 4 ) , skinny ( almost painfully so ) , long dark curly hair , high prominent cheekbones ( i was once informed i could use them to peel potatoes ) , large forehead ( large head ... well , my friends refer to me the perverted bastard / overlord and i recently heard myself referred to as ' the dildo knight ' so that should give you a bit of a clue as to my thoughts on the subject . when you feel like everything you do should be accompanied by a choir chanting in latin . like a fair few people , i always preferred novels to self help style things . i enjoy history to a large degree , but rarely are those involved anywhere as witty as those found in fiction . i remember ... i just behave as though everyone around me is an idiot so i'm less disappointed when it turns out they are . why , why , why am i taken to these things ? i hate social gatherings , everybody knows that . why the hell can't people just leave me alone ! ? ( oh that felt good , i needed that . ) fear of : someday having to change a fundamental aspect of myself for reasons beyond my control . my own self-destructive tendencies . my own arrogance getting in the way of things . ending ... eye contact , one of my greatest weaknesses . i have long had trouble meeting peoples eyes ( severely uncomfortable ) . however , i have greater trouble even remembering to look at them when speaking , no ... no , we had been focusing mostly on visual media . this part of the subject never came up . ... hmm ... can we focus on the red ? ooh , i have another one ! on the rare occasion you outright fail a test ( we're talking mass extinction event rare ) , you degenerate into a confused , incredulous , depressed wreck . oh the damage done to ... this is not exactly an everyday conversation but ... exam time , i'm on the clock . my english has been somewhat low lately , due to lack of note taking ( i never actually needed them , but the teacher ... it's odd , i've always had trouble with maths of all kinds when we went step by step , but i could give you the answer fairly quickly if i was left alone to work . admittedly , i still only have a vague ... we'll be the ones waiting by the exit and looking irritated . we may be muttering something along the lines of we were supposed to be leaving an hour ago ... ! alternatively , we may have a small ... ah yes , i remember the last time i interacted with an infp like that . i swear , there was enough energy in that air that if i had the necessary resources i could have easily weaponized it . hmm ... i ... oh yes . when i was a young child , i was emotionally leagues behind my peers , though i'm fairly sure i was already more intelligent than most of them . i was around the end of my fourteenth year when i ... esfj mother : you seem to spend more time with your head in the clouds lately . me : and ? esfj : maybe you should ground yourself a bit more , it gets a bit irritating when you bring up subjects ... very well , but i reserve the right to operate at half power and render them temporarily comatose . i need that . when you occasionally let loose the full force of your personality just to see if the legends are true and they really do turn to dust before you . in my experience they only turn into statues with a ... you'd make a great bond villain . like many things , i overcame them with enough quiet time . to be honest , the intj tries to include banter in all their conversations . it's one of the only things about talking we don't find abhorrent , besides getting to hear ourselves speak . when creeping out people you know is one of your hobbies . my ideal romance ? basically , a strange affair where the majority of the time is spent making sarcastic comments , perverted comments and ego destroying insults . we would enjoy this game immensely . no ! sometimes i feel like i'm not smart enough now , why on earth would i wish to lower myself ? i mean , i define myself by my intelligence , it's an integral part of who i am . i would be a different , ... the ability to maintain a intellectual conversation for as long as the situation demands can be quite the aphrodisiac . you get double points if these conversations are full of high caliber ... yes we can . even if it turns out venus can't be terraformed . especially if it can't . you know what you need young man ? you need to learn to stay inside for once , your getting a tan from all that time outside . but get some more black clothes first . like most people have said , when i care about something i will see it through . however the odds of that happening are nearly a hundred to one lately . it can be hard to get yourself motivated . i hadn't noticed edwin already had this up . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cRmbwczTC6E i just find that to be the most accurate description possible . i was wondering when we were going to reach this point . at the present time neither of us can afford to make any moves against the other , so therefore i shall focus on spying on your people and ... intj's are often among the politest people you'll ever meet , because we really just don't see the point in being anything less . it's often this fact that people dislike about us . we are evil because ... well , considering my dream girl is some sort of divine being , i should think my answer would be obvious . well , humans are ( mostly ) social creatures . they establish connections with other humans to gain power or resources . i do not generally do either of these things . therefore i am not doing something ... i see , taking small steps to slowly wear me down as opposed to large gain but high risk moves . the death of a thousand cuts , very wise . however , some of your moves here , while beneficial in the short ... well , my plans include radical social reforms which include having all children raised by my government , devoted to the cause of further developing our understanding of science and being trained in a ... '