' i t hink its safe to say it's every intp's dream to be asked out :D my first gf asked me out as well so ... how did he recover from that ? i've always been naturally interested in human psychology and i think that's really important to help motivate me to learn social cues , body language , and other stuff that help me blend in and get ... oh god ... wreaks of neediness . you are putting way too much weight on all the little things of what a friendship is ... lower your expectations . a lot.and you gotta get some more friends man ... i become friendlier , open body posture , use my humor ( because i know im funny ) to eek a smile out of her , and try to get to know her more before i make a final decision that is your perception . your perception creates your opinion . that is your opinion http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-qGqwFYuRsrI/Ubppfqnf7yI/AAABSU/SGw1qXqdagI/s1600/Sloth+-+How+About+No.gif no . 1 ) you have to trick his thinking process to recognize the importance of improving communication skills through his ti , not fe or whatever other functions 2 ) fail fail fail . the more you fail , ... exactly ! and i didnt even know that was a quote haha there's no such thing as being a stupid person or smart person . that is what ignorant people think . there is only wisdom and ignorance for example , a stupid person could be defined as stupid in ... yup , and then theres when theoden dies , when frodo finally toss's the ring and when they are just sitting on the rocks of lava . extended version is the only way to go btw basically any plot where the odds are against the good guys but they manage to overcome hardships one way or another will shed some tears . lord of the rings , at the end always makes me cry ... edit : too rascist nvm hmm i can't seem to see what the problem could have possibly been my weakness is that i have no weaknesses . i actually don't have one . my height has never hindered me in anything , i actually don't really even feel or consider myself short even though other people do . i feel like my short height adds ... hey a short introvert should be an even harder thug life then a short extrovert that shit won't happen if the spliff is rolled tight yo not short , just vertically challeneged being understood is a very underrated pleasure i felt that way too when i was 18 . then i turned 19 and realized i should have some fun or else id turn into a screwge / grinch character every christmas i always floated between groups of friends in high school . i didn't change until last year , first year in college when i started to realize the importance of emotions and other peoples emotions ... whenever i am bored , i think about my feelings , in thought form . 19 , still no kiss , no girlfriend yet i was really excited about seeing all my friends in college when they got back from break , but after spending a couple days with them , it's too hard not to ignore how much they changed . my best ... no spenders ... great way to fuel a capitalistic economy i spent about 130 $ on a couple tshirts and a sweater , bought a video game for my brother for a christmas present , and then spent another 190 $ online for a couple shirts and some pants , kinda over my ... as a fellow intp , i can see how there would be conflict situations . you're not emphathizing well enough with your gf . i think you are too concerned with your side being understood and you are ... make him read dale carnegi'es book how to win friends and i nfluence people any advice on convincing yourself to chase someone whom you might deem as interesting before your brain talks you out of it ? get out of the house or start conflict ( similar to a rebellion against tyrant rule ) i don't have one o_o omniscient omg . i had this problem too , well similar . i randomly chanced upon a stash of benjamins in an envelope . i probably took loke 200-300 $ about like 8-10 times from that envelope . them after that ran ... maturity , first of all is varies from person to person . a more mature person will see a larger amount of people as less mature and everyone will always find someone else who is more mature than them ... it's a skill that can be learned , not a trait that you are born with . i used to steal . a lot . i think that would fall under lying & manipulation right ? goal = future future = unpredictable goal = unpredictable i definitly have to look away when i am doing logistics , but as soon as it's figured out and i have my point in my mind , i go right back to l ooking at the other person , so like glance away while ... that's what your supposed to do . the eyes are the eyes to the soul bond over shots & beers ask him why hitler was created or why tests show the earth being more than 6000 years old its actually eat , sleep , rave , repeat . eat , sleep , rave , repeat . i was a happy little fucker until my teenage years ... then i started supressing emotions and would have occasional outbursts like 5-10 times a year in which all my emotions came out . but i regulate ... i didn't know elves knew what cats were ... talk about all knowing 100 euros says your intp talkin about entp , intp , intj , everything ! different ball for different type ... unless you cloned a crap ton of master balls try using a super rod , to the south of pallet town . and make sure you bring a lot of lure balls , they tend to work better than pokeballs ! i chase knowledge outside of the classroom / degrees '