' i realised my loneliness when i read an article stating that even when we touch we do not make actual contact , i don't remember exactly but its something to do with a film of atoms / neutrons i do ... looking back over my life it appears that serendipity has played a major role . a lovely question . i have not been here for a few weeks as i have been looking after my mum who has early onset dementia amongst other things . i have experienced emotional incest when i was a ... i have put this in the debate forum but i would like a more balanced view from my fellow infj's i have been trying to understand the suicide of sexual offenders before they have been convicted . ... drinking alcohol switches off your parental ago state . have you noticed when people drink alcohol they appear to act like children , we find ourselves next to someone in bed the following morning who ... there are no words to express beauty for me it is an unspoken sense of wonder , a childlike amazement , i stand in awe of beauty as rabindranath tagore says it is as near to you as you life but ... there is no evil . the evil you speak of is just human behaviour which only the righteous can call evil . good and evil are names we use when we don't understand human behaviour . for one ... i am not a master of time and space “ one cannot seek for what he knows , and it seems equally impossible for him to seek for what he does not know . for what a man knows he cannot seek , since he ... a warm welcome tal i had a similar problem yesterday with a different outcome a car pulled alongside me , the woman in the car said she was lost and asked if i knew where a particular pub was . i said i had been ... kale , strawberry , banana , pineapple , greek yoghurt , walnut and oat smoothies i originally started to make my own smoothies but did not realise how fattening they really are . i pretty much lived on ... just say these simple words : i can be there for you i do not know what to do either but i have been there , and i came through do not try to save her from working through her feelings . she ... anger will be the go to feeling when you are not getting yourself heard . doing anger is easy if it has been the only feeling that you are used to using being confrontational will only elicit anger ... a problem shared is a problem halved we all love you you are kind , honest , open , vulnerable and most of all wonderful now take all those things , make them yours and enjoy life coming to terms with my insignificant existence why is facebonk declining in popularity ? https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2017/may/02/facebook-surveillance-tech-ethics the egogram test i have not seen these tests here . there are 4 tests if you want a comprehensive assessment , i have completed just the x93egogramx94 test , the other tests are : energogram , drivers and ... dentists are bad people . i realised when i was a teenager that the dentists used a stainless steel pointy thing they call a “ dental explorer ” “ dental explorer ” sounds like something christopher ... a warm welcome developer of cheese its good to have you on board this great ship that glides aimlessly upon the oceans of our unconscious minds duplicate duplicate https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LmQZjKMcPcA to bear a ring of power is to be alone . this task was appointed to you . and if you do not find a way , no one will . i did one months training with sandie ritter , psychosynthesis psychotherapist and enneagram teacher ( in the narrative tradition ) in 2004 . i found it a great experience . sandie was one of the most ... paper round to save up an buy my first pair of levi's i don't experience jealousy as such from anyone . i suppose i naturally allow people space to be who they are so they don't feel jealous unless of course i hit on their girlfriends , which is never ! yeah e-books are rubbish . this is what you can do with a real book : you can feel a book when you are reading it , fold the corners over , be tactile , smell the pages , lay it on your chest when ... i am sure i have offended people with my ramblings . and my god do i ramble ! after the period of editing the post is over i sit in a place of uncertainly , wundering if i have , written thongs ... a warm welcome karolina i am sure you will have a great time here just my shorts , and of course my bra and panties men wear them too you know i used to have 5 cats , absolutely adore them one of them would definitely have woken me up too . yourself best friend ever although now ended . absolutely perfect friend an unspoken acceptance talked forever , felt the world together we both expected too much from the friendship it was one sided in ... i agree 3 new avatars = 3 different personalities ideally we would live in a should and shouldn't free existence or at least strive to live without should and shouldn't . if you continually impose should or shouldn't on yourself you are ... cool video and cool guy he does have a good point about the thousands of infj's i have only met one infj a warm welcome dafne it certainly is amazing when we start to learn about ourselves we are wonderful there are positives to a life of mundane , i liken it to taking drugs for many years thinking that my life was full of rainbows and pretty things until i gave up drugs that is , and realised that a ... apple and rhubarb crumble with double cream i have been thinking about working in a vape shop what do you call a deer with no eyes and no legs ? still no idea what do you call a deer with no eye ? no idea welcome new infj . my suggestion is : you are a wonderful human being thats all you need to be being good enough is all you can be i have recognised though that being a perfectionist is part of the process . i put so much effort into doing something perfectly that it is bound not to meet my ... you are moderately open to experience your score for openness was 75 % . this is in the moderate range . you are moderately conscientious your score for conscientiousness was 58 % , which is in the ... you sound emotionally healthy to me . your asking the right questions , in particular , the difficult questions that some people are afraid to ask of themselves . and what does your boyfriend know ... a warm welcome heirlooms you have found the right place to find out more about yourself a welcome to raksha infj i hope you fun times here , there are lovely people here to chat and discover the great wonders of yourself a warm welcome artisticfreakzz i loved 13 reasons why clay is not infj , why ? because he is nothing like me good post and very accurate for me i totally agree with the attachment style issue . this is much forgotten by us infj ’ s but is very valuable to understand another dimension to how we manage ... '