' no , i said its fe thing to do would be to follow it as a moral guideline , because its easy to follow and to fe there is no point in searching for a more flawless morals in the world that doesn't ... sorry i meant to say ' morals ( fi ) or ideas ( ni ) ' that's to broad to be ' very fe ' . in fact it might be fi because you're focusing on morals as if they are universal ( ' how people ouught to relate ' ) ... thanks for validating me haha :D i'm glad you pointed out that he still does question catholicism on a conceptual ( ni ) and logical ( ti ) level . he's not a sheep following things blindly , but he ... thank you ! the way you describe ne vs ni and how they would approach things is exactly the difference between stewart and colbert , which you can especially see in their respective books ( america ... i stand to my belief that he is an infp . he does have strong belief system and seems like he's pondered deeply enough on the topic of love , sadness , misery and joy , that he sees the need for humor in ... can i say something about this ? # 1 we all here in personalitycafe are mbti enthusiasts and probably some of us are actual mbti practitioners . given that , i believe we all have done our assignments ... your introduction makes me wanna be friends with you . : 33 yep ! totally like my istp friend . he'd be gone for a week and don't bother getting online ... by the time he comes back a lot of things already happened in our group .. lotsa conversations and he would ... ( 1 ) i would say that istps are mysterious . they don't share much info about themselves or openly talk about them .. i think not because they're hiding or because they find personal info private but ... wooow this post is so old and you're the first to respond . xd thanks thanks ! i definitely will . wooow this post is so old and you're the first to respond . xd thanks thanks ! i definitely will . hmm .. actually my ex is an infp . : tongue : haha it was nice and all .. he talked to me in a way i wanna be talked to ... but our fi x fi just clash ... we don't have the same beliefs and that's the ... - sneaks in the thread and finds it interesting - @ . @ but tooo lazy to read xdd you guys are very ... serious about this stuff . very long and deep intellectual / emotional messages ... i'm overwhelmed ... like deep-seated eyes ... as deep as our souls ? lol jk .. like eyes that see something others don't ? haha wow thanks ! that helps a lot ! i'm not really good with all these technical stuff xd and really ? thanks thanks . it's okay , silly . i'm filipino and it's asian . :) ) ) and really ? thanks ! ! i dunno how to make it bigger . i swear its big in my comp . @ . @ anyways , hi hi ! ! and oh , look ! it's my 100th post : tongue : 388698 why ? why ? ? why do infps look alike in some weird way ? haha i can't point it out but there's really something similar in infps . i dunno if it's the aura ... @ . @ but there's something , definitely . you know you're an infp when you recite in class not because you have something nice to share but just because you've been quiet way too long and your teacher might start thinking you're dumb . so you ... - nods nods - indeed , i can understand limited need for socialization . i too deal with just two or three people irl . though probably what i'm thankful for with being an infp is we love people , and ... my last relationship was with an infp male . it was okay . it was sweet . he was my best friend . but it didn't work . i wouldn't say the reason we broke up was because infpxinfp matches don't work . i ... true , true ! i dislike fights so i doubt i will ever start one here ^ - ^ and ... if i may ask , what kind of attacks / threats are intjs referring to ? ( not that i'm being a secret spy here xp - sneaks ... good thing there's lots of dark corners around here . xddd i've had this same comment tons of times o . o i love enfps so ... i will take it as a compliment ! hahaha jk * what i like about being infp is that ... no two infps are the same . we're individualists ... in the other thread , it's the nts invading the infp forum . i guess its a type war now . xdd jk * - retreats to shell - - thumbs up - owo thank you for the friendly reminder ! haha - nods nods - o . o 384449 hi hi ! ! ! q . q i totally think you guys are nice . especially this post ! : 33 brightened up my day . thanks ! haha i suppose . i was like infp passing by if you don't mind ! good thing i'm not yet kicked out . achievement unlocked ! owo xdd don't worry .. hissing is a natural action . o . o but i feel exposed when outside the shell .. - fires imaginary bullets aimlessly - exactly like that ! be prepared for the enfp xd why do you have an unknown personality ? ooo xdd just a joke ! hi hi diogen ! ! don't worry . comment appreciated . i acknowledge the lack of substance to my thread too ! ! lol well , i can be kinda spontaneous sometimes and just post stuff without thinking too much ... thanks ! i feel welcomed :) don't worry , i had my share of funny experiences here in perc so i will just treat comments as they are . so fire away ! haha - puts turtle armor on - owo i'm glad you think ... thank you ! ! ! i will try to make myself welcome too here . xd well , recently i asked one of my cousins to take the mbti test and she got intp as a result . of course i tried to take her other tests too and the results are pretty constant . and from what i've ... xdd it's fine . i know people like teasing infps a lot . idk why but ... i guess it's okay . lol maybe that's one of our purpose in life . some nice advice . but i don't really care about bullies . ^ ^ waste of my time responding to them . i also ask questions in the threads so , if they respond , great . if not , it's cool too . i do read ... so it's simply like knowing the ways to get into an intps head kind of thing and then they're good to go . i wouldn't necessarily call someone who can be intimidating not nice :) and nope most certainly not a bitch xd yep i post in different forums because i don't plan to make a perc account and not use it the way forums are ought to be used .. mainly .. for communication . i also don't plan to make myself bored . i ... we're all dead by then . you try to picture the invasion in your head , imagine how it would feel to be in one , and then compare it to how youre feeling right now .. lol jk ! ! truth is i dunno . haha - puts armor on and becomes ... there is an invasion going on ? how come i do not feel it ? haha lol john lennon ... so very infp . xdd - plays ukelele and sings along - and what's with this perc invasion . hahaha wooow ... that's an eye opener message . like ---> o . o i just thought maybe i could try to be more rational , and think of things in a more logical perspective and not always rely on my emotions . like ... exactly . @ . @ i really hate it when i get passive-aggressive . fi is a good thing for me , but it can really be like a double edged sword ... and a lot of times i notice i hurt myself more than others ... oops ! hi hi ! and thank you . sorry for the late reply ... cuz i ... got sick . haha o . o woah , feel no need to change it . - blinks - did i read that right ? hmm ... so they're like .. contented people who don't need much socializing and creating good vibes . true to themselves kind of ... '