' i know y'all aren't going to think this is a physical sport , but go-karting . daft punk . but it doesn't stay away forever . it seems the later in the night it gets the more depressed i get . people who take my feelings for them as granted . i just hate it when someone , say the girl you like , decides that you aren't worth her time to respond . : unsure : i know the feeling .. the little things matter to me , like saying hi in the hallways at school , or responding to my texts . sometimes when people don't do the little things i like i tend to loose ... i hate it when people try and make me dance : angry : i just stand there awkwardly . : crazy : story of my life ? i hate to say it , but i've lost so many close friends because of my lack of effort into it . the way i look at it is , if they don't spend the time to talk to me , why should i talk ... i never really thought about it that way , but now that i look on the past girls i've liked , they've been pretty hidden and modest .. that sounds slightly similar to my actions when i'm interested in a girl . i never make the first move , and you'd expect that i'd only like girls who try to make an effort to get closer to me but i ... i know , i've never really written anything thats really outrageous . and most of it is anonymous anyway . i think he was just being really literal and wasn't in the mood to talk about his feelings .. or he just didn't understand what kinds of feelings you were talking about . good luck with him ! yea i'm not your average guy .. lets see , physical traits .. a pretty face , cute hair , and surprisingly enough huge breasts are a turn off . the first one i notice is probably their face in general . the first personality traits is ... i need to update my grocery list .. recently i've been telling more . recently i did something i never thought i'd do , i told the girl i liked that i liked her .. : shocked : i've noticed that ... one of the things i've noticed about what i've been feeling is that if i say it i would might offend someone , i don't like to do that . i also hate talking about myself .. thats a great explanation of the feeling . writing seems to be my best release of feelings and such . thats similar to how i am . unless i'm with someone who makes me genuinely happy i just look like i'm sad . this is one of the few ways i can , but most times the person just feels like responding ... do you actually want my gold ? i think you have enough : tongue : i see exactly where you're coming from , but about 80 % of school is unrelated ... oh and , trust me i am .. this question has been on my head since i took my first mbti quiz . now i know that there are others out there , so my question to you all is : how do you do it ? personally i have an extremely hard ... no its fine , i found it hilarious . i was laughing on the inside . : shocked : just to let you know .. that thanks was a sarcastic thanks .. : laughing : did i just derail my own thread ? : unsure : does that me we just became ... self aware ? : shocked : confused .. i think it'll stay that way as long as i am a teenager . friends , my future , my life , myself and girls ( i think thats the most confusing part ) . the thing about my future is i already know ... you took the words out of my mouth onstar . : crazy : i wish i could figure out why i care for her so much , why her ? what makes her so special ? its not what she does for me , thats for sure . she does nothing for me . but even her doing nothing makes more ... i think to much , rather i over-analyze things too much . i'm all for thought and learning , but not all thinking is good . i can spend hours on the internet learning about what interests me , but i can ... thanks for all the responses guys and gals : happy : like i said before i don't drink and that seems to be the main reason for any of you who enjoy parties , so whats left for me ? maybe when i'm older ... when i hear the word passion i immediately think of cars . i just love everything about them and racing ( except for the whole ruining the environment thing ) i can't wait till i get my license .. i ... i think what you did was perfect . :P i'd like you to be my friend : tongue : last time i felt like that ( like a month ago : frustrating :) i just liked having a friend to listen to me and pay the utmost ... via forums and other media sharing type places . sometimes it just happens . thats what i thought the general response was going to be . i guess i don't have many ixxx friends , they don't seem to understand my dislike of parties . i was just curious to see what other peoples opinions on this were . personally i hate parties , i always tend to feel really lonely and depressed at them . i'm in high school and parties are everywhere ... i'm not very artistic , but if someone tells me what to draw i'll be able to draw it to a certain degree . : tongue : even though i'm only in the most novice sculpture class in my high school i dare say ... thats more then enough of a reason for anyone . : happy : i loved tron personally . i wish i was alive for the first one ... i was kind of worried that'd be the answer . : sad : excuse me if i'm asking too much or out of place but , how do you feel about this ? i personally hate facebook but because the world uses it relationships can be hard to keep without it . i wish my close friendships were effortless i always feel like i'm putting way to much ... his description sounds like me or the most part and i'm a istj . the only thing that seems radically different is the fact that i have no self-confidence . i know the feeling , most of my closest friends have been with me since before i can remember . i've known one of my closest friends since he was one . ( i'm a year older ) i have to agree completely with oxidativecleavage , you did what you needed to get him to stop . just out of curiosity what kind of kid is he ? i noticed that you are part of generation y so i'm ... if you connect with me enough or just plain make me happy thats a quick way to become friends with me , but very few people make the jump from acquaint to friends with me . most of the people i meet ... i've been trying , but thank for the suggestion : happy : the problem is , whenever i open up i feel too open and get afraid of getting hurt . so i close myself back up again . so i only open up with ... i mean i agree completely , i just find it hard to get close with certain people . like i can talk with many other people , but my closest friends and i tend to think more alike . now that i think ... uhmmm , lets see . the house key , the first 3 ridges are medium sized with a 20 * slope . lolwut ? thanks : crazy : honestly , i can't put my finger on it . it could be people who don't think logically . just certain traits just really bother me .. i'm really unsure , i'm still trying to figure myself out . hmm , i never really thought of western culture defining someones personality so much . its just that people who don't think like me get on my nerves , and if someone gets on my nerves or bothers me i ... i could see how that works , thanks ! hm , maybe there are more people around me that are similar then i know of .. so chances are if i meet another istj they are a male ? why is that ? i'm sorry if this question has been asked and answered before , : blushed : but i'm not really looking for a statistic , i just want to know many of us are out there . i know some personality types are ... honestly i've never been a fan of the rx - 8 , i've heard the new rotaries aren't as reliable as the old ones , but i still love them :P . i wouldn't mind a supra myself . '