' luckily there are some jobs out there where reality is only marginally in your way and you can spend your work hours in your head with little to no repercussions . they usually aren't glorious jobs ... i am an infj and very submissive sexually as well though at odds with myself because my partner , an infp , is also a submissive . it feels to me that you're of the same mindset where you are extremely ... a series of unexpected , delightful twists . i am in a relationship with an infp and everything is nearly ideal except sexually . we both are submissive and she is more traditional , wanting me to initiate and be in charge during sex . i have ... 506090 updated picture . facial hair varies depending on current level of apathy and stress , but i am enjoying having long hair again ! i nearly made my infp girlfriend explode when she was upset and crying about work and i told her that she was the most beautiful , gorgeous , intelligent , and accepting woman i'd ever met and that ... much better now that i'm involved . aside from home , work , and grocery shopping the only times i'm typically outside to be seen is if i'm going for a bike ride or walk . i don't do things solo in public unless i have an obligation to be ... i haven't had any conflicts yet with my infp girlfriend . what i can say is i feel that we both were very well developed before we met each other . she is very confident in her strengths and weaknesses ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1MdOXtTlE3Y gives us some perspective ! i think i'm finally starting to appreciate what infj eyes look like . lmao nice ! yeah no , i had no idea that there was a gay app named that haha . for all my life it's only ever been yet another name for a light dusting of facial hair . the ironic part being i have scruff in that picture ! 149482 i confess i totally chose my new avatar purely to see if anyone will comment that it hurt them . i've been so isolated and out of control in my life that now that i have my license all i can think about is how scary it is that i can actually just ... go . i could go and do whatever the hell i ... i always feel a bit of a laugh and also resentment towards a scene from harry potter . when hermione is explaining all the feelings cho was going through when kissing harry and ron chimed that no one ... in learning more about myself and talking about the people i care for i keep coming back to this enfp i am friends with . she and i are just friends , when i first felt i loved her neither of us were ... i'm finally coming to terms with one of the bigger issues i feel other infjs probably also experience / have dealt with . i'm selfless to a fault . i care so much and am so considerate of others but ... do we ? i guess i'm not too good at judging my own eyes . i do notice that there is an element of just openness and honesty in everyone i see here ... 140017 thank you mamoru , it is so nice to know that i'm not the only one who feels , or felt , this way . it really is painful at times and i can't make my friends understand why it hurts so much and that they ... so i've been working on some of my issues with a handful of friends , talking over certain aspects and discovering more about myself and in particular i have been getting consistent feedback on one ... 132617 it's amazing what a little confidence will do for your self image . all prior pictures i posted i was self conscious about . today was just a good day . : blushed : i got on skype with a handful of people , half infjs , half enfj / ps , and one of the enfps kept consistently confusing me for a fellow enfp because online , without someone standing in front of me , i'm ... send a support ticket to customer service and see if you can get a refund . oh what on earth am i getting myself into ? i talk a big game about how i want to let go and relinquish control , but actually trusting in someone enough to do it is terrifying . prudence keeps life safe , but does not often make it happy . gee thanks , fortune cookie . as if i didn't have enough reason to cry , go ahead and bring it all back to the forefront of my thoughts ... that is what my enfp friend is for me . i don't really talk with my mom , never had a good relationship with my brother , and the rest of our family is essentially excommunicated , they're all terrible ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H4MFE9bfDYg let it go ? pfft , i wish . for those infjs who have a very limited circle of friends , you may feel some relation to the following ; you know you're an infj when you have only a handful of people you could call friends , but only ... she did , we both were at a breaking point , so much drama going on in our circle of friends . she's in a much healthier spot because she has people she can regularly vent to , and she is the only person ... thanks polexiasmallpox . hoping it helps too . was so delirious this morning i couldn't tell if i was hallucinating or actually micro-nap-dreaming but i kept reliving moments over and over for like , 3 ... so god damn stressed out i haven't slept properly in 4 days . thankfully my boss is letting me out of the trip to chicago tomorrow so i'll take a sleep aid tonight and make up for it . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmS26d2T-7g snowdrift then here's a challenge for you , show us a picture of something that you feel represents you ! i'd say it is very typical of my life . i wonder if any of those tips actually apply to infj men ... we have absolutely the same nature as infj women ( in particular in my case the subtlety of social actions rather than acting directly ) , but ... i hate the way stress affects me . i'd be fine if it made me depressed . i can tolerate that . i'd be okay if it made me insomniatic , i can function relatively well with little sleep and i'd learn to ... the lack of punctuation , just a giant wall of interlinked statements , unseparated except by comma . i'm really sorry , i do appreciate all the energy and emotion in your post , but when i got to this i laughed really freakin ' hard . when a coworker who is clearly not the type of person you'd hang out with asks what your weekend plans are , you say , nothing much , just a lil drinking , and he offers that he's going to be partying ... i don't post here to discuss things , i'm just venting , it's kinda the point of the thread . if you want to you can pm me , but chances are good in an hour i'll feel completely differently about the ... i really can't understand you , intp . you loved this enfp but because she decided to move on you can't even stand to be around her anymore ? you put her and a fellow intp into a two year lease in a ... and for me music is pure emotion , though as far as writing i definitely agree , the less i plan the better i do . all of my assignments that received top marks and my instructors asked if they could ... words cannot describe my loneliness here . i asked you to talk with me in person . i made it clear i'm not doing well and you're the only person i trust to actually understand how i feel and i needed you . i realize you have your own life and ... aurelief while i still maintain moving so many times in my life was a bad thing , changing schools every few months did make my time in them a lot easier because no one got to know me or expect me to ... i have to agree with bat , i do see entirely where she is coming from as an infj . as far as communication goes if i care about someone and i'm actually in a relationship i'd be completely and probably ... i definitely agree with , if i were to compare myself to the status quo for the average male you'd call me a woman . i just rate myself as a separate entity from human . people treat me as ... '