' it's even better :p roud : i've got a thing for old abandoned churches . i think its because they were so important to peoples lives at one point , but now all the people are gone and their just left alone 82543 everything changes but always getting better haha i used to do a weird thing with calculators too . i used to put in what ever year it was at the time , like 1992 , and then keep adding up by one and pretend that i was time traveling . i used to ... almost non stop for two days now https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=gqUJdcCjUIA so i haven't been truly angry in several years . it could be i've just been lucky that nothing has happened in my life recently to make me very angry , but i like to think that i've mastered my anger ... woah those are some gruesome dreams ! i sometime have a normal dream suddenly become gory and disturbing . funny thing is when ever that happens my whole perspective of the dream changes and i ... hahaha i feel like that too . i'm glad to know it's not just me . but what about the reverse . when you make the cashier become really nice and chatty . when i get nervous i tend to clam up and my mind goes blank . i've gotten better at handling it in the last couple years tho . i think the main thing i do is not think at all about the up coming ... a previous post made me think of this . i'm sure it's been said before . when most of your thinking is about either the past or the future . i can't ever seen to enjoy the present , no matter how good ... i do the same thing ... gota try and just live in the moment . it can be tough some times lol just that attitude alone will insure you go far in life . i wasn't thinking like that at all when i was a teenager ... so your kinda lucky , it's like you got a head start on others your age . guruofreason can't walk on water man , but i can break a spoon in half with my mind ... but it has to be a plastic spoon and no one can look at me while i do it . so ill be honest ... i think exactly the same way . for a long time now i've felt like i was awake and everyone else was asleep . when you say that people just can't help who they are , that's ... i haven't been able to relax at all lately . even now its 3am and i keep getting out of bed pacing back and forth thinking about anything and everything . my mind has just been feeling super charged ... haha thanks ! it is pretty awesome : cool : :) you mean you wish you could control minds ... right ? i mean you don't really have superpowers ... do you ? or maybe your making me say this right now with your powers ... oh god ! i gota agree with pigeon on that . i can't think of a better example then overzealous religious people . i once had a guy tell me i was going to go to hell because i was wearing all black . the dude ... when your spiritual / religious believes can not be explained to others . they are just felt .  ... might just be be on that one . oh man quite a few people here reading the hunger games ... i'm going to show my ignorance now and tell you all that i didn't even know it was a book ! : confused : i've just finished reading the way ... i totally understand where your coming from goodewitch i was exactly the same for pretty much my whole life . i was terrified of meeting new people or being put in a situation where i didn't know ... haha ... i was worried about the same thing ... but i haven't seen anyone on here that is even in the same country as me . so i figured the chances of anyone here knowing me from real life is pretty low ... so your probably not a fan of twitter then : tongue : i hear what your saying tho ... i always try to do my own thing . i'm usually the last of my friends to jump on the latest bandwagon now she's just somebody that i used to know ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=8UVNT4wvIGY and a lot of the time they will still try to contact you , sometimes for months , so they can have their final say . and if you let them , all it will do is reinforce your decision to cut them out when you can clearly see someones motives behind their actions , but can't understand why they feel they need to make up and hide behind an excuse for these actions . haha .. seriously wouldn't of thought anything about your teeth if you hadn't pointed them out . you're far from an austin powers smile : tongue : haha that's probably true . but anyone that's afraid of what people might say about their looks just needs to look back through the thread . everyone has only had positive things to say about the ... here goes ... http://farm8.staticflickr.com/7184/6980375801_983e2bcb43_z.jpg emanuel mayer wastelander panda looks awesome ! i just googled it how bout this ... you know you're an infj when you see someone you know walking towards you on the street and you're first ... ouch ! i know how you feel . i got hit in the face with a hockey stick when i was younger . needed two stitches right above my eye . one of my eyelids is permanently lower than the other now , always ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=DPL_SV3n7IU been blasting this song all day ! noticed a few others feelin the pink floyd vib i'm into e-sports ... nerd :) that is wicked ! i'm a 3d artist myself and have been using zbrush quite a bit lately . not done anything like that though , just environment stuff . everyone on here is insanely talented . oh man ... yah im sure most of these can apply to other types . but some have been really specific lol you know you're an infj when you've always felt older than your age . totally agree with septemberdawn . that's amazing that you know yourself so well at 13 . i'm in my mid 20s and only now feel that i know who i am . i can't even remember what i was doing when i was 13 , ... everyone , no matter the type has a toleration point . but i think we tend to tolerate a lot more than other types . it's like we give them way more chances than they really deserve . for me , when ... naked people have little or no influence on society : laughing : ... mark twain has the best quotes . here is another scene from that claymation movie . they meet an angle named satan . it's quite ... i'm not sure how true this is , but apparently there was a book left out of the bible , about lilith who was created the same time as adam as his first wife , before eve . god told lilith to obey adam ... should probably see a doctor about that : tongue : hehe a weird thing i've noticed lately ... whenever i start feeling really good about my life , people around me start coming to me with their own ... every day seem to be slightly better than the last . pantheist . i'm really happy to see a few other people that consider themselves pantheists on here . i normally just say i'm an atheist because few people know what pantheism is , and i don't like ... mass effect 3 is coming out soon : laughing : ... try skyrim or kingdoms of amalur if you want a single player , or swtor if you really want another mmo . a couple good free mmos are runes of magic and ... one of us ... one of us ... :) how bout ... you punish yourself more for your mistakes then anyone else does . listening to this a lot over the last 2 days ... i'm not even a fan of fall out boy , just randomly heard this song one day . http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=_lkJkwnXQZ8 ... rewarding ... someone must of said that by now , i only went back 4 pages . i'd rather just order online :) less chance of them messing up my order too i use to hate talking on the phone , and still do to some degree . but i worked for a few months at a call center last year and that made me a lot more comfortable talking on the phone . it was ... '