' gender : female hair color : dark brown with parts dyed burgundy or red usually faded hair style : layers split in the middle eye shape : big doll eyes eye color : brown 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? - people see me and think infp or infj 2 ) what do you yearn for in life ? why ? - knowledge , comfort , independence , understanding ... infj at heart / / swirlyends : skillchaos : nonrouted : ... i guess you can call me an infj because my love for you is as sharp as my nife ;D are you an intj ? because you're my nite in shining armor ;D nope okay 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? the fact that i would like to be very intelligent through subjects , but i have a wayy more creative thinking process . 2 ) what ... i never meant to be so cold i never really wanted you to see the screwed up side of me that i keep locked inside of me so deep it always seems to get to me i never really wanted you to go so ... i chose 5 dem infj's tho xp nice sarcasm , use body language , talk about something interesting , don't try to act too smart me i also giggle a lot down to earth so they think i think they're funny and enjoying the time together i use the mbti you seem like an entp ... i think entp's are pretty cool that would be a perfect soceity creative thinking pssh rica por que wayne invita tu a fiesta de adios infj and intj i'd choose red second choice grey i'd be iago from othello or amon from legend of korra technically you can't even be yourself since you're made up of what you observe in your environment as you grow and you adjust and adapt to that way we're made up of parts of everyone in our life ... they told me to be myself but the next thing you know i have a criminal record i think of belief as knowledge . i don't believe in god because it doesn't make sense to me . everything is possible the concept of god probably is too but the existence of god is not scientifically ... i have agoraphobia i couldn't go to school or even the store without literally having a panic attack but i went to a specialist and they gave me lexapro so now i feel better but i still don't think i ... oh okay thanks it's not even that much ... do you like reading novels ? if so then you shouldn't have a problem with this thanks guys this really helped clear my confusion ( sarcasm ) - _ - uhm okay so i think of ti as a perceiving function where thinking is a bit unorganized when it comes out but it seems organized in the person's head te is probably like thinking out loud in an ... okay i have no idea how to explain but it seems like you have te somewhere in there i own a 3x3 and a 2x2 and i got a app called oh my cube on iphone which has all up to 12x12 . i can solve a 3x3 in around 2 min but i don't really go for time unless someone asks i just solve it as a ... it seems like you have te because everything you explained and thought came out so organized and lee ask you this are you open to the idea of change uh both idk you think like a intp but you look and express yourself like a intj you sound like a intx you sound like and enfp , enfp's are the most introverted of the extroverts because of their fi plus it seems like you might have also developed your si 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes ... estp idk but personally i can't stand most isfp dad : you're getting yourself upset over nothing me : i'm not upset if i was i'd get a head ache and feel it instructor : so how did you feel about this project ? me : uhmmm wut i don't know ... yep my sister is exactly like this i think she has anger issues and she's asocial and she ruins my fun and she's always chatting with her online friends who are too nice to hurt her cuhs she's ... i think too much that i end up getting red patches on my skin that hurt internally like someones sucking my blood out but i got it checked out in 5th grade and the doctor said it was stress or anxiety remember in elementary we used to get detention and those card thingys well what if high school classes used that system ? do you think it will be more or less successful than it is now ? well i think modern society wants us to live a sj lifestyle that's why i don't agree with it but i'm the same except i'm still in high school and realised this earlier , i really want to be a ... i would ask two of them what the true god would answer to the question are you true and then once i find out which one is true or false i ask does ja mean yes or no aand idk it might not work 100 % ... yeah well kinda whenever i'm in class at school and i don't feel good i always try going to the bathroom or putting my head down and taking care of myself but everyone keeps wanting me to go to the ... chelow kabab - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia i was tryna explain the only meat i like to eat to someone xd isfp maybe cuhs my sister is one but it's like fi and ni mixed in the worst way most of the ones i know are stuck in their own little fantasy world and they can't really deal with reality this goes ... time for sonic gifs :D entj comeback during an argument http://25.media.tumblr.com/02c0224e98cd9293143dd3fa64acba36/tumblr_mmyu4va4U01s46koto6_r1_500.gif esfp during performance ... so i've been thinking we act like our extroverted type when we socialize for example an intp would act like an entp when socializing since their ne and fe are more active at the time ( if they have ... you guys totally missed cosmo i never really liked her but you shouldn't leave her out :p she seems like isfj or maybe infj to me probably type 9w1 1 ) red : hot , bloody , dark 2 ) cat : cute , evil , independent 3 ) my room : comfortable , fit , alone 4 ) i'd be confused and try to figure out things ... that's interesting esfp because you like to dance and perform '