' that's the problem . you're trying to understand how people process information particularly with the entirely speculative cognitive functions . these things are hardly practical , but you can still ... salesmen positions find their most talented holders are estps . enfps are surely capable of it and bring a unique and warm vibe to it , but the estp is the true master of persuasion . enfps are ... ^ ^ this ^ ^ numb is a better describer than empty , though both apply . i'm still working through it , but focusing on projects and finding alone time typically animate me the most . interesting . i've had this myself . attempts to fill up my mind bare no fruit . the simple explanation might be because i am trying to fill it up and let it work like it used to , it won't . my mind ... part of one of their plans , most likely . i'm not totally sure what you're asking though . typically no . as intjs we are born masterminds , and typically stick to our plans . this holds true even for recreational things . you have to understand that as an intj i put a lot of time forming my own understanding of the universe and concepts in general . since these thoughts aren't the kind of thing most people like to talk ... my drive to completion and ability to predict and plan events . they go hand in hand . the disproportion is actually explained by this kind of forum attracting more intuitives than sensors . even still , i estimate 40 % of the claimed intjs here actually are intjs . not to derail , but ... nt's are great listeners . nfs often ramble about feelings that are very important to them but they're not good at condensing emotional information so that even they know it . i can listen to hours of ... long-term oppression , genocide , ufo's ... seems like the responses are inconsistent . probably due to the fact that less than half of the people here claiming to be intjs actually are and genetics making some sort of influence . i pace when ... yeah i'm a temperament theorist . might explain it ... istj . whose to say that a tendency even exists ? when contingency planning , i find an optimum level between both but i don't think about it because a plan needing to be practical is obvious and idea of ... don't pretend that everyone's mind is capable of only one or the other . how about a more practical measure of traits using keirsey temperament theory ? but only look at that if you like theories that are backed up by empirical evidence and consistent . mastermind is probably the most accurate depiction . the idea of contingency planning covers science as well as many other fields . exactly . an art teacher . isfps are among the best of them . art disciplines allow for creativity , english can , but is stuck on having to follow mostly arbitrary rules . nothing wrong with this if ... willpower . stating the obvious is something that has always bothered me . i rarely say it to my family and almost never show affection except to the young ones . anything that is obvious should not need to be ... there is a lesson to be learned from captain ahab that applies to myself and ( i believe ) other intjs . i often have this issue where if i fail at accomplishing a task and then fail again doing it ... perhaps i should relax , but my opinion has not changed . i've never seen evidence for cognitive functions and people shouldn't make guesswork about what goes on inside others people's minds . what . the . fuck . beyond that why would you want to improve some stupid function ? ni , assuming it's even real , is hardly advantageous to entps . expanding cognitive limits stretches talents too ... i got entp playing magus opus . this is fun and though i only tested it once i think it's flawed . i've had similar testing ideas myself but i think this has a lot of potential . i assume the ... this is fascinating . i thought everyone was going to call me immature and laugh at the ridiculousness of my logic . it's good to know that smidgeon of hope that there are people who think like me and ... i work in intel and i'm not sure how many credits my schooling got me but i know it couldn't be more than 30 . it helps but i plan on taking clep tests and utilizing my tuition assistance and mgib to ... eh , 6 ... not if it serves a purpose . a rational purpose . that does seem kind of interesting . too bad my decision to enlist wasn't informed by the fact that promotion isn't based solely on skill and competence ( or even hard work ) but rather on quotas and punctuality . how can you be confused with bipolar if you aren't showing two different patterns of behavior ? or i guess what do you mean by feeling on the inside and outside ? though i must admit that sounds ... i have an issue listening to what people tell me to do . it's often like a double negative - cancelling itself out . i am in the u . s . military and most higher-ups have this fascination with their ... how can you regret something you had no control over ? and it's not just being an intj that makes me cringe about the thought of being anyone else , it's my entire personality . it just seems like i ... just read the type description from temperament theory . that says it all . i've found myself replacing the word conventional with stupid in conversation many times . other times i just use the word for something that is inefficient , or a bad plan . kind of like this . 67965 i hope a diagram will suffice . i don't think through scenarios , i think of scenarios . for what ? that's up to you . i personally feel little need to amass wealth as personal gain . money gives me little security . you see i would use something like this as my primary end toward my criminal means . the money would be used for charities and non-profit organizations that further the same goals . what i'm saying ... hahahaha , yeah ... i need to see comparisons with the other 15 and see if there's an actually unique pattern in each one . then gather data on lots of people of each type with no knowledge of mbti or ktt discussing who ... mine are too . don't worry , no mgs title that hideo kojima has been a part of has not been a total work of genius . might be a few annoying things , but then again there usually are . none of them can ... read about david keirsey's intelligent roles if you want something practical , but read about anything else if you want to waste your time . fantasy fiction . particularly high fantasy . i'll never reach the linguistic level of tolkien and don't intend to , but i love illustrating situations that would force those in it to question ... using smart as a blanket term is a sign of stupidity . that is my personal opinion and requires specific knowledge to comprehend . we aren't just characterized by conventional intelligence . we are ... you cannot justly punish stupidity when you cannot correctly identify it . no human has any right to say who deserves what , but i guarantee that if i was in charge of things , it would depend on the ... you're going to have to be more specific . i refuse to give a response that could even be perceived as arbitrary ( unless it's funny ) . see sig below and study for yourself . temperament theory is not ... 65226 who remembers ^ this ^ epic moment in dragon ball z history ? if you thought that by now dbz was just about finished , it looks like you thought wrong . 65227 a victory for anime nerds ... ground zeroes is a prequel to mgs 5 i think . the confusion is likely just to stir up conversation . though i will admit the phantom pain looks fascinating . either or both games give me a genuine brain ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltH1eWxZutE once again players get to take control of big boss from the snake eater and peace walker titles of metal gear solid . the story takes place after those ... pfff . know everything ... that's a fantasy and you know it . the concept of everything is often a matter of physics , which is only one way of viewing everything . perspectives are unlimited ... '