' what's this ? there is a site that i go on every day . there is a user on this site that has an intense personal beef with me that stems from his jealousy that i keep in contact with a female user of that site whom ... so did you guys figure out yet or ? ... lol i know . call me whatever for stating so and say whatever about me for it . the public can access this information if they really seek to do so . but knowing such things is of no use if you can't ... k .. <3 ok dude it's not what i think , it's what i know . i'm not putting my reputation or life on the line to release conspiracy theories . people like aaron russo , dana palfrey and barry jennings were killed for ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kRaKHq2dfCI http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bvay28lZiHU http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6eMq5Rit1w&feature=related http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5crV6kO9hPA&feature=related cowboybarry you claim my points are one sided . however all of your videos have come from these 9/11 debunked series .. one sided much ? wow , come on man , you're a fucking intp and you actually believe the accepted story ? it doesn't explain molten steel found six weeks after the collapse in the rubble , nor does it explain molten steel pouring out the side of one of the towers before it collapsed . many engineers will ... do your own research , son . marvin bush , george w . bush's brother , was the head of the organization responsible for security at the wtc . ask the rockefellers some more interesting stuff http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IAwPqfJqccA&feature=related don't you work for the government ? a lot of evidence is largely ignored . look into wtc 7 extensively . i think that's the most obvious evidence of controlled demolition and a call out on bs . the book the 9/11 commission released didn't ... so humans are perfect and never leave unwanted evidence , right ? weak questions get weak answers . people are stupid , that will remain no matter how many holes are in their plot . the stupidity of the average human fills the holes for them . you'd be surprised how ... i would have to say the holographic theory was the most ridiculous i've heard . supposedly the guy who pioneered that theory has some interesting evidence to support his claim . i haven't seen any of ... this comment is much appreciated . unfortunately many people haven't realized that labeling and mocking says more about their persona than my beliefs say about my persona . they know how easily swayed a population under attack can be . most people won't bother to look into it , they'll just see on tv that it was a terrorist attack and that these evildoers must be found ... anyone who tries to speak up is labeled a conspiracy theorist , or in other terms a whack job . i never personally attacked you for anything you believe or claim to know , so i'm not sure why i'm ... if ridicule and harassment is your goal , simply do not post . one thing i can't tolerate is mockery , gtfo if that's what you're doing . so many people will call you a nut head for revealing 9/11 for what it is . then they will bring up other events that aren't ... speaking of people who knew too much ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bvay28lZiHU according to some , it looked as if someone dug a hole in the ground and dumped debris in it . look up photos of other plane crashes in remote areas . large sections of the plane are still in tact to ... approximately 142 . would you like their names as well ? absolutely , thermite as well . it is inconceivable that burning jet fuel could take down such a structure . the towers were designed to take hurricane force winds for 150 years straight . they were also ... and i'll answer it for you . some questions i will have more detail about than others . what i know is factual . however , i don't expect you to believe me , as what i will tell is contrary to the ... i hate having my picture taken , especially without my consent . during high school , whenever the people from yearbook came around with their cameras i would turn away . three years out of high school i ... i didn't know the north eastern italian-american method of picking up women actually worked . i looked all over town for an intp girl . i even looked around my house for one . but the only place i find them is in my computer . my brother is entj and his girlfriend is intj . i also know a hereto couple who are both intj . i do not find these qualities distasteful or non-feminine , superficiality is one of my biggest ... i'm not someone you should trust serving refreshments , unless you like unexpected psychedelic trips . you're on an intp forum , you can just say afternoon ... hehe um , guys ... an esfp has wondered onto the premises , what shall we do ? i'm pissed off by the willful and apathetic spread of myths and urban legends that are known to be bullshit within the realm of the knowing yet considered fact for most people . hmm , i haven't spent enough time around entp's to know . but at least their nt's , you don't have as much to worry about as s types . are there any intx dating sites out there ? if not , it'd be sweet to develop one . we usually spend countless hours on the net , so in this day and age i believe it would be more practical for intx's to ... i used to have panic attacks , now i have opiates . type : infj reason for butthurt : telling me that i can find better won't stop me from loving her , my ideas are evil what do you do that brings the butthurt from other types ? specifically esxx .. i know there is a ' what pisses off intp's ' thread or something like that , but this is sort of a ' what do you do that ... i'll walk by the open lab window and throw in a paper plane with a sim card taped to it that has a file labeled x94alternative theoriesx 94 . what about the nine swahili midgets and the thousand island dressing and the spiked high heels and , oops , i didn't mean to say that much ... i know intps have thoughts that make them not want to look at themselves in the mirror ; things they wouldn't want their patents to know they thought about . things that randomly pop up in your head at ... a female intp companion is all i really want at this point . but i can't find one and i'm not sure how to know if she's interested . i'm fine with being the first to approach . i'm getting more used to ... so , i had an idea about legalization . it might not happen in my lifetime , but this is theoretic . ok , let's say all of sudden , all drugs are legal to people 18 and over . how would things work out ? ... '