' i've struggled with anxiety , depression , and ocd for as long as i can remember . it's taken the form of many different things throughout the years , and i've medicated it with everything under the sun , ... i will spend valentine's day alone as i have the past few years . it doesn't really matter much to me , i suppose . it's just another day , albeit slightly more annoying . interesting time for this thread to come about ! i was a veggie for a few months back in 2008 . just a few days ago i made the decision to become one once again . i just feel better overall when i don't ... i'll always have a special place in my heart for the beatles and pink floyd . right now , probably death cab for cutie and jack's mannequin . i've also been listening to a lot of margot and the ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9qSq3cEXOF0 hahaha that's sweet . i hope to god that i'm not drinking that shit though . story of my life . i've had much experience with the third option , and it sucks bad . better they just come right out and say it instead of continuing to waste my time and emotions . it makes things ... i'm 19 . terrible age . society can't decide whether you're a child or an adult . i understand why you would think there's a lot of negativity in this forum , but i must say , how i am on here is much different than how i am in rl . perc is a place to come together with people like ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w7JthgTMHDU i can't do it anymore . i used to hunt and fish all the time , but for some reason i just cant justify the killing of another living creature anymore . i've developed severe ocd concerning the death of ... how do you mean ? i'm in the liberal arts degree at my local community college right now . i'm planning on switching to english when i transfer to a four-year . some may disagree with me , but i find that listening to happy and upbeat songs when i am neither happy nor upbeat is like trying to trick my brain . i don't like doing that . i get over my sadness much ... i've always wondered why this was .. does the mental illness and torment come first or the art ? it's like asking why almost every writer of the 20th century was an alcoholic . it may very well be that people are over-diagnosed , especially when it comes to add and depression . but there are certainly cases where these disorders are debilitating and i think it would be a ... anyways , that's a rough situation . i think i can give you some decent advice considering i've been going through a similar experience lately . first of all , if you're depressed about everything , i ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZU4jCSkVJ_A http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iZWZo-rnciE histrionic ? hmmm .. not so sure i agree with that . i have just about every personality disorder except that . infp i use nicotine daily in the form of cigarettes . alcohol is my fav , although mostly because it's cheaper and easier to get around here than weed . i have also used marijuana and shit loads ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xrwkmBT-Ww8 it's quite possible that she may not have the ability to stop drinking on her own . you could probably judge that yourself . as for cigarette smoking , it's very hard to quit . extremely hard . and until ... death cab for cutie jacks mannequin something corporate the weepies guster regina spektor the format the hush sound lately i have been enjoying the following : well , i had tears in my eyes last night while i was watching the lovely bones . but the last time i actually cried was like a week ago when my sister left for college . i've partied almost nonstop the last 9 months . it's been awesome : crazy : but i have too many crazy stories to tell any one . how are you high on ibuprofen ? drunk right now . i think i go from an an i to an e , and sometimes an n to an s . it's kind of hard to tell , and really depends on how much i've had to drink . they come together in a beautiful chorus of bark and leaf , chasing away the thing that was watching bacon . currently working on a two-year liberal arts degree which i'm hoping to change into a four-year english degree . i took advanced composition , social problems , and american lit since 1865 this last ... i think i may have worded my previous post incorrectly . by hypocritical , i meant i judge people who i see as intolerant or judgmental of others , therefore becoming judgmental myself . if you can see ... usually i will throw in the entire plans album by death cab for cutie , which i consider the most beautiful music ever written . youtube - death cab for cutie - brothers on a hotel bed i would like to go everywhere on earth if i had the chance . but to be realistic , i definitely plan on traveling to alaska sometime in the near future . italy is also beautiful . i've been there once ... i know what you're saying about the meds . for a long time , i didn't want to take them either , because i thought i was messing up my brain chemistry and when i got off of them i would go right back to ... finally finding a place that sold american spirits . it wasn't that good of a day . you sound just like me . there are times when i can be extremely dark and cynical . i also judge the living shit out of people i don't like . i can be quite hypocritical sometimes , which is something ... oo yeah . i can relate to this . what you are describing sounds like it is way too mild to be bipolar disorder . the mood swings related to bipolar are extremely severe . it sounds to me like depression ... hmm . good question . i might have to say f . but i like every letter of infp pretty much the same : happy : i have been diagnosed with dysthymia , which is a form of moderate depression which can last for a few years , rather than severe depression lasting for a shorter period of time . it's gotten to the ... welcome ! you sound like fun . i really don't think i have found mine yet , so i suppose my mission right now is finding a mission . if that makes any sense . finding a meaningful relationship doesn't seem like something you can find in a self-help book . i grew up a christian . now i consider myself an agnostic , probably leaning towards atheism . i see just as much beauty in the world now as i did when i was a christian , probably more actually . i don't ... yes ! there are times that i feel a natural high when surrounded by the beauty of nature . i comment on how beautiful things are quite often , and i don't think any of my friends really see the beauty ... congratulations ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m-Ep3RTFM-E that being said , this should probably be moved to the sex and relationships sub forum . please don't . what makes you think the ones you vote in will be any better ? yes , chamomile tea definitely helps . there's nothing that will knock you out faster than a cup of chamomile and a hot bath . wait , you changed personality types ? tell me how ! ! i relate to almost everything ever said about infps . here are a few highlights , found at the following link : portrait of an infp their primary goal is to find out their meaning in life . what ... '