' i definitely like what you had to say . it's not you , and don't ever let yourself think it's you . maybe after much more time with you , he'll become more positive . but like you said , a negative person is likely to stay that way . it's ... there is nothing wrong with being selfish in certain cases . but this is selfish on a high magnitude , because you'd be taking the easiest way out because you're too scared to work through it , and ... yes , it is definitely a defense mechanism . i don't know what advice to give you , but hopefully it will alleviate itself . it also breaks my heart to read all of this . but it's reality . i agree with whoever brought up the car thing . i find myself quite often walking down the road and imagining myself just .. lightly ... i know this was supposed to be a slight joke , but , i know a male infj , and i'd agree with a lot of this . maybe it's just cos i love infjs so much , but , it all seems quite accurate . except for number ... you seem super interesting . welcome to the forum ! welcome ! hope to see you post some excerpts from your novel ! rofl ! i always let people know that i rarely make sense to anyone but myself . and that sometimes i don't even make sense to myself ! but whatever . xd awh ! this made me feel so good . yeah , i can definitely see a lot of potential , and things are going well so far . the only snags i see are just petty arguments we'll both get over quickly . thanks guys . i don't think selfishness is an issue for me . well , we're all selfish to a certain degree , but , i'll usually put him before myself . but ... how so ? i know people tend to think infps ... kisses aren't for just anybody , though . random interwebz hugs are fine . but kisses ? must be earned ! i don't think it's something that will ever be alleviated , either . i feel this way quite often . someone asked me once if i thought life would be better and easier if we all didn't have emotions . i though , better ? no . easier ? yes . i'm glad i at least have emotions ... i've built up a lot of anger for the system as well . i think it's one of those things you have to endure for as long as possible , until you get out . ^ ^ ^ / agree .. perfect . i wanted to say something , but i couldn't . it left me speechless . i very much so identify with your friend , i suppose . this is one of those things that made my stomach drop , and my mouth open , ready to spit something out , but ... nothing . in all honesty , there will be no telling if he likes you without putting yourself out there . as an infp , even i think we're probably the hardest to read . couldn't have said it better myself ... weee . that's being infp , for ya . you're completely correct . i don't disagree in the least . when i said i've come to accept it and live with it , i was referring to how some people just don't care , and some do . that's something ... my brother is an intj , and he has one tattoo currently . it's a saying that he lives by , on his forearm . something about how the wise are completely full of doubt . he told me once that when he gets ... see , not that people who say things like this aren't funny , they are . it makes me smile , and i envy you . i just don't understand how you can say things like this so well . it feels , for me anyway , ... haha ! it's a couple months old but it made me smile . good thing you're cute , too . i'd welcome it . hugs for all ! i will only accept hugs where chest is on chest , though . must be close . no ... i really have no idea how to put pictures in here . just attach them with the little paper clip ? whatever . i'm fascinated by tattoos and piercings . such an interesting way to express one's self ... wow , sweetie , i must talk to you . there is nothing wrong with you , at all . don't let school get you down , i tell people all the time that grades do not measure intelligence . they measure the ability ... thanks ! i put a lot of thought into my tattoos . usually once i'm very certain on a tattoo , i don't change my mind on it for a while . a lot of people don't get tattoos because they change their mind ... i was suffering from hardcore depression for about two years . apparently had a form of psychosis , too . but i also have recently gotten over it , or , i'm still moving up , and i'm starting to be much ... i just started dating an isfp , and i can already tell he is very dedicated and monogamous and very caring . he just likes to take care of ones he loves , and he's picky about who he will go after . a ... i'd love to help out ! i want to get a big pheonix on my back as soon as i can . wings wrap around my rib cages , tail go down and around my thigh . pretty sweet . represents new life , i think it'll be a ... i'm wondering some isfp and / or infp opinions on how a relationship between the two works out . my new boyfriend is an isfp , and he and i seem to work very well , so far . anything i should be worried ... i couldn't read through all of this either , but i'm eager to share . :D i like it getting rough . i like biting , and getting bitten . pulling hair and having my pulled . i like being thrown around , ... haha , well , i wasn't saying when i smoke i don't get high , i do . i was saying it's not really like i smoke to get high , i just smoke to put a smile on my face . helps me get through the days ... i wanna thank all of you guys , a lot . :) hon , some guys just can't pull it off , they feel silly and therefore look goofy , like you probably did . :) do whatchu do , and they'll like you . i actually have never dated a guy who wears a leather ... in all honesty , weed puts me in a good mood , and when i'm in a good mood , i'm relaxed . so , i tend to be a lot more friendly , and open . i agree with not smoking to get high . i smoke to lighten my ... i don't necessarily agree . i don't think experiences shape us , they're catalysts to who we really are . everything i've ever gone through didn't make me who i am , it showed me who i am , you know ? so i ... i've definitely seen that you enfp males are very drawn to us infp females . : tongue : personally , i like the guys who are badass , but who can be sweet when needed . i love the badass look , i always say , i like ' em dirty . but in the end , i need a sweetheart to care for me . why do i let my heart beat to the same drum of cliches ? being a mere pedal on the daisy on the wall ... letting my ears drown in the monotonous tsunami of tones ... feeling my eyes visibly show ... me , tooo ! which is why i also hate it sometimes . i think people tend to understand us so much more one on one , but in groups of people we seem like the weird ones . i enjoy being different , and ... from personal experience , i know going into a situation constantly saying , this isn't going to work out , this isn't going to work out , this isn't going to work out , you psyche yourself out until it ... wow , i think i'm completely different than most infps . i make sure to let a person know i'm interested , by asking them questions . one of the first things i asked my current boyfriend was , what ... i want you to know , i've read some of your posts , and you're brilliant . i love this . personally , i can't express my love to someone until i know they love me first . i only recently started ... you guys make me feel less cool . i don't see colors when i hear music , i feel feelings in my stomach , like a watermelon is growing inside . don't think that's the same thing . man , dude . is there any hope ? haha . i think humans are just naturally fearful of opening up to a certain degree . it takes the right people to be the catalyst to our hearts . it is difficult , especially with the whole showing emotion ... it's astonishing how much i have the ability to love and hate the same traits about myself . i don't know if it's just an infp thing , or people in general , but i am constantly ripping my hair out ... i definitely had a very similar experience recently , and i can completely see this and agree with this . well , most of it . the isfps feel for people very similarly to infps , they just go about it in a ... '