' i don't think there's much to be worried about , no one i know who smokes has any real problem with it ( especially compared to the number of people i know who have a negative relationship with ... sleep is good ( and probably about as dangerous as getting high while lying in bed is ? ? ? ) but sometimes listening to music when high is better than sex i really thought those 20 mg of thc would make me high . but here i am sitting in this room , and i just feel sleepy . maybe i should take the same amount again . i'm pretty sure my roommate is a type 7 enfp . he's like the most acquisitive person i've met , by which i mean he's two steps away from being a hoarder . the nice thing about this is that most of the ... istj tmlt be from america but effect an english accent in order to make people think they're refined . i'm an isfp yet i have shapelier elbows and larger tracts of land than all the entjs i know ... so i can relate . some guesses : bob - entp tammie brown - infp thorgy thor - enfp eureka o'hara - esfp peppermint - enfp cucu - esfj valentina - enfj farrah moan - isfp sasha seems like an introvert to me who breaks out of her shell in order to share her art and insights with the world . i see her as an inxx , maybe an infj . roxxxy and detox , i agree , esfp all the ... to be a good thing . i went out to karaoke by myself and sang a song and then ... couldn't really find anyone to talk to ... and then after a while i went home . i feel real lonely tonight . from time to time bearing down upon me the vulture of safety screeches down at me you don ’ t know your status right now and what ’ s the point , what ’ s your end game here , in leading men on when ... yeah ... i wish that i could have fallen asleep there too . i have really bad insomnia but i hope that i can work on it so that next time we hang out i can make us breakfast or something in the morning . i was watching cartoons and listening to music with my best friend in her bed . she fell asleep and i felt restless so i turned most of her lights off and wrote her a nice note and then walked home :) yeah ... i think people think so because she's quirky and unique , but i believe she's not really driven by shame as much as a desire to seek harmony with other people . both with humans as a whole , as ... i found a song whose first line is bread is a wonderful thing for the people and the starving birds . it also contains the lines bread comes in various bags ; it can make you feel so good , and ... could amelie be a 9w1 ? nice work ! the top one reminds me of a barbed wire fence :) embroidery seems like a cool hobby , is the class you're taking specifically about embroidery ? you could post them in the share your artwork thread or in this one ! thread . haha . post some pictures if you try out the techniques ! i'd love to see . wtf . that's hilarious . to be fair , it looks like a nap . a dognap . i took a string off one of my parents ' old unused guitars and strung it on one of their other old unused guitars , then i played some songs i've been learning for my mom , and she sang along with me , ... yeah ... typing people is more interesting when there's the possibility of a philosopher being any type , or of an artist , sports player , etc . but people sometimes tend toward the response of they were ... esfp https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XsXYkakToJ0 1w9 enfj . but most likely to actually be jesus infj ;) hehe tmlt work in a fancy restaurant and spit in the food of the rude customers . lol i see that an easy way to make a one-star thread is to suggest a great philosopher is a sensor , because that's impossible estj ? ? tmlt say there ain't no such thing as a free lunch . a pizza pie . friends ... just people to love in general . 713457 i'm bad at smiling . but i have my new room all set up now and i genuinely feel good about that . many of the protagonists of haruki murakami's novels seem like 9s . they're usually passive and sort of let things happen to them , at least initially , and at some point they're given a choice to ... ha ha stop describing me exfj tmlt go on blind dates where they create an entirely different persona for each date . i can finally play these days on guitar :D entj https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FSbuIOwd994 i fell asleep while this music was playing : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ie0ZXAd3IY8&t=0s i dreamed that i was in my parents ' computer room . instead of a computer , there was a sort of gray ... i've been trying to believe in myself more and even just the tiny bit of progress i am making in that has made more opportunities appear in my life , and has made me feel more optimistic about things . weather.gov : estj facebook : esfj quora : intp intp tmlt try to have an out-of-body experience i feel like there is an uneasy tension underneath everything happening in the world right now , i feel like things are about to smash into each other . istp https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZWmrfgj0MZI you deserve to be treated like one . : hugs : i shaved my head and feel better about how i look than i have in a long time . infj tmlt post pictures of themselves crying on their instagram sx / sp i hope that you're able to find a way to stop being around those people . i appreciate your presence here and so do many other people . you're a great human . 4w5 i think i'm sp-last , and i feel a strange , foolish pride in not paying much attention to my own physical wellbeing . sometimes i do things that other people call foolish or reckless , and maybe they ... infp tmlt dance on their enemies ' graves . i think infj for some reason . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=---a4A0MqbI '