' linkzelda i apologize too for my previous post on you about your brainstorming lol.it was one of my wierd jokes . thank's a lot for your advices bro ! i used to maditate and focusing on breath in rythm like pulling weights . i started gym when i got bullied.when i was starting my training , i used to think about ... just you need to catch your hand lol.yes , if you make sexual thought for not more than 5 seconds , your brain starts activeting itself by the preassure of the pleassure and by cutting it , i think you ... no faping for 2 months , that's a real military training lol.even without porn , my mind turns on dirty thoughts and uncotrolled.when i start thinking about something else to catch my interest , they are ... you can no fap for 6 years while i can't for 6 days.my bigest record is 10 days.you made a good progress . i want to go out of fap but i stuck . that latent rage were the hell in my life.this year i started managing it.as for manipulation , if something hasn't gone as i wanted , i started being mad and starting to explain why i have ... i think that focusing on hearing may increases the sense.it may be problems in ears or in neural bases responsible for hearing . i used not to hear because i were inattentice and i was saying that i am ... so , the peneal gland is the core of behaviour and intelligence ? i heard that you can increase your iq to 20-30 points by activating it . i know , philosophy helps a lot , but science made me to depart a ... ι feel something like this . i have maladjustment but they get serious at night . i stuck on negative thoughts and sometimes , when i have stress my brain stuck in a thought in cognitive staffs . i don't ... i don't know if i am psychopath and i don't care at all because i don't care to be ' ' normal ' ' . image streaming doesn't made me to feel strange , i always felt nvm . i know that i can be very sensitive , but ... took me 2 hours to score 145 and other 2 to 155 , which is to long . i feel like the dumb child who asks a question and others avoid to anwear directly to not hurt them by telling themyou are not so ... thank's for your response . i've got 155 on that test and i would like to know approximently how it is compered to a real one . i stucked on 14 question , but i couldn't find the answear . in ... while people trying to get away from schizophrenia , you are trying to gain on purpose lol.so , have you got bored of seeing boring shapes my friend ? making people and talking to them may can help you ... the difference in iq and real life intelligence is about knowledge and passion.people who have pleassure about what they do , are better at it.stephen hawking and einstein achieved more success than ... you can write iq tests in paper and try to solve them in it.radiation makes worse the performence and the condition of mind espesially in adhd.your scores of 150 are in wechsler scale ? try here if you ... i don't like to give codes to people like iq , because they seem like robots , and i don't believe that iq tests can measure intelligence in it's true potential , but i think that it is a good way to ... i don't like to give codes to people like iq , because they seem like robots , and i don't believe that iq tests can measure iq , but i think that it is a good way to recognize a big size of intelligence ... as i can see , you are making a verbal brainstorming with ideas here and you use the forum as a braintraining.you found a site to reach your full potential of thought and discuss things and ideas that ... there aren't just the parts of the active neurosynapses , is the way that the neurons making synapses.as geniusoverlord mentioned correctly , there are nuances is perception and i add in expression in ... in intelligence , there is not only perception , but expressivety as well and the result is the combination of those two . i can say that expressivity stimulates the observation and the oposite , something ... if you do a task without rest of period and you don't stuck into a thought and continuing creating fast possible ideas , than probably you could have a gain.image streaming is good for this reason . iq measures observatioal abilities.so there are more intellectual abilities like creativity , expressivity , memory , organisation abilities , planning and others that you can change by time and are ... mike 15 you just see pictures in your mind while people they call them out and they are so dumb that a schizophrenian would feel blessed . schizophrenians and psychopaths raised by society and they ... every mental task which changes and increases your neurosynapses will cause you these kinds of mania.it is similar tο puberty , quick changes of the hormones flow and brain structure cause unstable ... geniusoverlord < < i am sure human growth hormones contribute to the growth of organs whilst testostrone aids in protein synthesis : l doubt organs can grow lol the only reason why i know an ... not only image streaming but every brain training technic increases testosterone levels , if you keep yourself in a demanding exercise.meybe the growth of organs and muscles as well can be acheived ... perceptive ablilities . what determines intelligence in the brain and what is intelligence ? * is just the volume in brain , the speed and the number of neurosynapses or not just than ? * ιs the quantity of the images and ... has someone been tasted the stroop test here ? it's a test that reveals the speed of attention , reflexes and switching thought abillity into a selective attention.it ' s a task that measures the ... just they make you seem real . i am talking about feelings . ι think emotions can be changed by the purpose of someone , but feelings are stable and we can identify them by being passive in a situation without purpose.for example , if ... συντηετιψ is synthesis , lol my keyborad turned into my language.qws is the non verbal image streaming ? i hadn't a stable way of doing image streaming.from the first days i felt a changing in my thought , i gained a greater συντηετιψ thought and after a mounth i felt that i could answear with humor and ... mike 11514r32r weakness makes a personality seem realistic and people focus in your weakness.so , if you are about to delete all of your weakness and increase far your intelligence , you will not be ... i do image streaming with opened eyes through light , so you can guess i look like a schizophrenic.basically , i see spurious and fake images , but i feel a little preassure in frontal area just this . i ... i think many people feel something because they believe that this is what they expect for someone to feel in situations or because we see other people the way they react in those situations.so people ... dude , fuck those depressive inhibited people who believe that you are what you born and nothing is gonna change what you are , and don't follow their waves by thinking that fact and it's believers and ... yes.when i was a child i took an iq test in a center which i diagnosed with adhd and all i know about is that i scored high and i ididn't even knew that i was taking a real iq test to put the limits ... i feel like the more i increase my iq , the more antisocial i become and image streaming and other brain training technics increased my brain activity and my adhd symptoms as well.meybe by increasing ... intelligence is just a life style and effect us directly and indirectly.it ' s all about brain , managing the chemical condition of your own and influencing exogenous factors . i started caring about ... intelligence is just a life style and efect us derectly and indirectly.it ' s all about brain , managing the chemical condition of your own and influencing exogenous factors . i started caring about ... andyc , linkzelda ι think this iq test has been completed and was a real big thing.but who was the supervisor and who the test taker ? i am protesting against you because i asked for puzzles and ... when i was younger i liked art , painting and drowing and i was trying to combine natural with supernatural . i left it because science catched my interest and i am trying to find a bridge between the ... when i was younger i liked art , painting and drowing and i was trying to combine natural with supernatural . i left it because science catched my interest and i am trying to find a bridge between the ... ι can say , as i see in your picture :) . are you an artist or something ? try if you want tests in iq haven.there are many puzzles.have you faced a hard numerical task ? so , send me a puzzle or task more complicated you have been faced . so , send me something more complicated you have been faced . linkzelda image streaming technic doesn't certifying you the future , but surely your pictures which relying on your future act and thoughts.but mind has not stable dimentions on thoughs to ... you can make analogies.try to see a . ) as much objects as you can and b . ) as much coloured and shaped as you can.combining these two at the same time and in the same almost intensity , you will get much ... '