i have had a pause in my usual obsession with this site :) work and all that got in between . no matter if i like them , i can't spend with people forever . even having gone a day to school , i'm almost too drained to talk to my friends on skype . if the people i'm with talk about nothing ... hugs i swear that was the first word ... : blushed : oh , both are so much fun . but i think i will go for table soccer . would you rather be asleep or awake ? tails cold pasta man , it's delicious ! would you rather spend time with kids or with elderly ? sunbank tears someone who is currently under pressure , one who lets their actions depend on others . set on a path not by themselves but by an authoritative figure like a parent or guardian . the world ever full of ... stair estj because they don't believe in it or infj because doubts tmlt look up at the starts every night esfp tmlt make up random threads like tmlt i won't :) intp for research , estp because ' fun ' tmlt need a calculator for every single equation , because they don't trust themselves if you have an infp for the creativity and an sj for the project itself , you will have something great . but for creativity , i would definitely say infps . and that's not because i am one :p roud : pants enfj tmlt go out in the woods in the middle of the night just because they can welcome to personality café :D don't worry about people not getting along here , as long as you're not being an arse , no one will be one to you :) esfp tmlt go on a huge movie / film marathon for two whole days . future dream fly , even though the survivability is incredibly lower . i care more for freedom than i do survival . write all day or listen to / make music all day ? tears ronin mice . ( i've got no f'ing idea why : shocked :) intj , they're literally called the architects ... tmlt shut off their phone on purpose to finally have sweet silence . hard , because i think most do . but most likely : isfp , they're too shy to sing anywhere else but they really enjoy doing it . tmlt be able to play hours of fps games , not a single break necessary . so do i , now more than ever . science ice enfp because they found a poorly drawn , badly torn map in an old book that they suspect leads to their backyard . tmlt try to learn every language they can , just for fun . mp2 i'd rather laugh , even if they are bad jokes . mytinyheart take vitamins , sleep is when my imagination truly becomes my reality . have to mandatorily learn every word in the dictionary of the ... may look like they're a crazed fool ready to see the world burn but deep inside carry an emotional burden given to them since childhood . never again shall they experience the horribleness of that one ... cake cure , i'll never be that selfish . employed in a stupid job but good pay or self-employed with barely enough pay ? marriage entj , because i feel like they'd be good at organizing and keeping track of a lot of forums . tmlt start a bunch of random threads at once , only to abandon them after creation . one who does not constrain their imagination from drifting off to whatever place it pleases . with a love for nature and mysticism . maybe , somewhere hidden deep within , you still hope / believe in the ... trapped in this plane of existence , trapped in time , trapped in reality . trapped ! i've never seen a pyromaniacal isfp yet . meh , first time for everything right ? a casual , thoughtful , laid back girl . who seems to hide a lot of her interests and intentions from those close to her . i'm currently mesmerized by eurielle . i can't stop listening to her songs . ugh , so beautiful . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=50SNDaXQxWQ estp ( sorry , but i've experienced this myself . instantly unfriended him . ) tmlt talk to a squirrel like a human being . irony fairy pixiepearl 4 you changed several letters ... spook estj because you have to stay productive with your time : frustrating : tmlt spend entire days on the internet and doesn't realise . i think infps tmlt try to do something special every day greed i hope i'm allowed to vote even though i'm infp ... :d read : with latin , you have an advantage to learning all the romance languages . as well as having vocabulary basis for the indo-european languages . delay