why are your famous infp all men , theres way more infp women then men , its like dramatically so infp men are extremely rare , even on the internet https://www.youtube.com/watch?x-yt-ts=1421782837&x-yt-cl=84359240&v=VdQY7BusJNU&feature=player_detailpage ... i've always gotten along better with older people it seems like . but i'm still childlike it seems too .. its like ' the more you know , the more you realize you don't know much ' its not a priority , if life is busy or im depressed it'll get dirty , if theres the time / energy to do it and i'm not too depressed , i will when my house is clean its never like a hotel , more like a ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=0AqnCSdkjQ0 nobody's started a thread lie this i think and i know its something great for me , being so sensative ( i aviod those sad songs ! ) so here's some i really enjoy .  ... just because you can , doesn't mean you should . pot , kettle ... x93beware that , when fighting monsters , you yourself do not become a monster ... for when you gaze long into the abyss . the abyss ... it is a strange bunch , mine though was a male model ( wealthy catholic school ) who used to tease me about the fact that i drank coffee spiked with liquer and smoked everday before entering school . hi ... protecting as always ! lol , i dunno if i'm infj or infp , take a look and see what you think also if you're dying of organ failure-heart kidney , etc . this could help : wink : everyone needs ... women seem wicked , when you're unwanted streets are uneven , when you're down ... love the song ... but i wasn't alone when i decided this ... : happy : not after they were plundered ruthlessly ... brothers , privacy wasmore important :-( people , they're strange i wonder what drives mean people so often , its sad highschool is so social and i think maybe our performance depends on how we feel so , an e and f would feel great in hs and do better maybe ? also , maybe feelers wanted to participate more in this ... you can't be there for someone who won't let you in . give it a week , if it doesn't top , let go , the problem with distance is you cannot work on things-his , yours or your relationship problem , alone . online-support groups-look it up online , you dont have to say much , like all relations , it taks time . but really , there are tons of free ones you dont need your councellor for . sometimes their in the ... fish oils banannas and fish really improve mood . another thing is you can look up the funniest stuff you remember ever seeing and just keep watching it until things seem less serious and you laugh ... so true , i can potentially love anyone but i won't usually let them in for this reason , unless circumstance forces it i think we're only really social with that rare one to three super good matches-best friends and soulmates . yes honestly , i feel most men that approach infp's fall into this catagory ... this is also a warning for younger women here :-) https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=APKA-rF3ONk i love jim carey ! i admit that i realize , only since like age thirty or so , but , yes romantically looks matter some ... lol well he might not be now , dunno what he think , i know he wants to be together anyways i'm really only interested in people who think will be my long term , me and he bothe already have a child but he ... as a nerd i must tell you most of our time was spent hunting and gathering in the forests and near bodies of water , not enslaving people in a way it was idyllic though surely brutal at others .. because i'm going to have children with my long term partner , so o i want to know how they are with kids ... i was hoping to talk to some entp with kids at some point ... yes amazingly same types are similar ! : laughing : i dunno i'm going through the same though with an entp ... dunno , i dont usually do this on purpose to someone unless its just super over though ... i only like compliments if they're of something i think is important , come from someone close and i think its sincere . i agree with the others that i like something i've done or a skill i have to be ... i always look deeper and its an easy way for shy people to ' get to know ' people without really making contact . just me maybe though helps :-) admitting to a temper and lack of comminication skills ! cool :-) , i trust your answers more . a warning , good idea ... thank you ! i dont like to be bought though , just valued thank you ! ... interesting , hmm , mostly not lovey but try to be fair and kind and sexual ... and spending problems just what i need : rolleyes : always a lot younger , but runs in the family this is strange but i think its really true for a lot of people thought they don't notice it ... even for me and i'm really touchy feely i am much more understanding and loving but also , much more ... i love that you don't easily commit ... less likely to be fake if you do . i welcome the opportunity to test out my partners want of me through open relationships ! what a perfect test :p roud : if you ... so ... do you have a jealousy issue ? is it mild or crazy ? open relationsihps are fine by me , backstabbing is another issue , though the two can go together sometiimes :-( thank you : happy : polemic thank you , sounds familiar , are you young though that you've never expereinced love ? ? hasnt ' done anything wrong really just ... wondering , hes an enigma to me i am baffled by some of the odder peoples who messs with me on the internet , what do they want , waht are they trying to do ... :-( arent you naughty ! > well ... i am not trying to find out which type , just a general idea of whats up . to tell the truth , ive never dated anyone like this til thi year and i'm kind of baffled ... in ... how does it show ? thank you so much :-) sometime this week i get to taste turkey ! and a good meal ... and it might be intereting cause the cook is a foodie ! i got to pet some cats ! wish i could afford one i had a fun time with my friend ... i do this too usually , in fact , i don't htink i ever dated someone i was super into until recently because . i couldn't speak to them ... lol ! my mouth and stuff doesn't work right , sometimes i can only ... my idea of a typical infp is the charitable mousy girlfriend from that movie ' scrooged ' . which i always related too . i am people oriented but its kind of serious , and i'm too sensative to be ... lust and love-no difference ! ! ! ? ! ! sniffle ... ty though :-) so i'm in a relationship with an estp or entp ... and was wondering , either way estp's will be super similar to him do you all have a lot of jealousy ? how do you feel about open relationsihps ? ... so i'm in a relationship with an estp or entp ... and was wondering , either way estp's will be super similar to him do you all have a lot of jealousy ? how do you feel about open relationsihps ? ... i just posted here cause i think im intp when depressed , which is a fair amount of the time :-p