' himistu you helped me alot , i have expierienced their weak fe . i like both entp and intp personalities . running away from things isnt best solution D: i would let them know for sure , i do have ... you helped me alot , i have expierienced their weak fe . i like both entp and intp personalities . running away from things isnt best solution D: i would let them know for sure , i do have intp friend ... you took online quiz but , would you say it before that ? protagoras : my apologies then , we misunderstood each other . infjs most likely dont care if they are rare , you cant focus so definitely n , if you see many ways to solve problems . i would say infp.if you dont like planning things like ni dom does , then your ... lets go one by one you are definitely feeler . lets start with sfs isfj - you have your own opinions and you are not afraid to break rules { even religious } so i dont think so esfj - as you ... i usually regret my decisions because i would like to expierience other choices as well . and also i overthink everything , i think about thinking , i think of something every second , before sleep , i ... basically what you were telling me is all types are awesome , you shouldnt just focus on intp because you could end up with anyone yes you did get my point , i made this thread to have some general ... yeah if i have friends i do not love them because they are inteligent , right . but there is example of what i mean . if i hang out with estps i find them pragmatic , mostly conservative and usually ... someone's type is not a good reason for choosing them as a mate and should , therefore , simply not be used for finding a partner . i do not have anyone specific in mind , but an intp will do , is just ... i why hello there , i just wanted to ask if you think infj / intp relationship would work . their intellect is charming , way they see things is lovely . they are usually very complicated personality ( which ... i have heard infjs are more likely respected from other people and i cant agree with that . thoughts ? i wish i could ask my dad if would have done things differnet now ... yes everyone have own way of doing stuff but that doesnt mean you are something more than me or everyone else . all people deserve to live even bad people and only justice in this world is death , we ... 1 % doesnt mean anything , we are all humans and just becouse we think differently doesnt mean anything ... we have same value as everyone else . what are mbtis of your family ? do you have any ni dom friend ? i do know about entp but im not quite sure about enfps . entps are the most awesome people ever . i wish i could just find one : 3 are infjs atractive to enfps ? i usually talk to mirror and plan what i will say when i expect conversation with someone about something . hello , i'm curious what was your childhood like , i haven't met any infjs personally and i don't have any experience with any . can we find anything that leads us to be infjs ? when i was kid i used ... thank you for all your advices :) i realized that i might not be enfj afteral and i wasnt quite sure about myself but i have deleted few friends from my life and i know who am now ;) w well i think it was sarcasm when he said that he respect only himself ... but its annoying that he doent give a single * * * about my advices , i want to make him better and he would be better if he ... can you give me an example of someone being toxic to my emotions ? im thankful for your advices i will consider it and make sure i will challange myself in everything i want to change :) i actually asked him and he said i respect only myself hi guys , i always had problem with my personality when i spend too much time with someone that is different plenty of his intrets and opinions stick upon me ? ( not sure if thats correct ) i know that im ... well unless i will be his boss or friend in his age ( he doesnt talk to younger people than he is also dont have any younger friends ) he told me that he doesnt respect almost everyone . but he is my blood he is my brother i want to help him but he dont care i cant live with him in one house he is smoking still i dont want him to die i love him this is why i need help . i dont know if i can hurt him like that ... since i really like his girlfriend and enjoy being around her she is very healthy and stuff and if he will get to know i do those stuff he would beat me up ... yeah , sometimes when he is sure about something from my past then he is like you cant do it becouse you didnt know or didnt do it before and im like of course i can do it . when im telling him about ... i would say that intj like to control something also like to achieve something their life is pointless when they havent reached anything useful and i doubt he would be bad dictator or leadership ... i will try to yell at him and show anger but i can pretty much bet that he will slap me to the face but i is worth to try . i would say it is unsual but actually i can see on everyone their emotions even if they are trying to hide it ^ ^ even those with fi . i would say its connected trough empathism ? also i can think ... 1 . privacy issue - yes , im really curious not maybe as he is but , he seems to be intrested in you if i were you i would tell him straight away that i just dont feel comfortable . and then tell him what ... i tried to argue him many times about ciggarets , tatoos , big deals that hes making many many times and he cant respect me and respect my opinions since im younger . im right becouse im older im going ... i wouldnt say that he hates me , but i would say that he threats me like a child forever since im his younger brother and we live under one roof he wants to be dominant force he wouldnt share a ... i can be useful too ! >:) hello guys ^ ^ i dont know if estjs and enfjs get along very well ( propably not . _ . ) but i have got issue with my brother he always seems ignorant and not respecting my opinions and stuff since he is ... this guy looks cool ... welcome ^ ^ hello & welcome :) hello & enjoy forum :) hello and you are welcome to stay :) hello & welcome :) i really enjoy people around here ^ ^ hello & welcome :) my brothers gf is infp very talented , shy , pretty , love languages , draw and stuff but my friend infp is shy cute and this but everyone think that shes looking for true love but she is siren and she ... well i listen to happy crazy music that i can dance to :D you should not listen to something sad ;) yt : watch ? v = lbbs 9ratpji ohai & welcome ^ ^ '