' i'm bouncing in and out of this thread as my temper allows , i will admit . i'm using my reserves of temper to respond this . the italicized is unreasonable . that's not going to argued against . on ... i'll just say i source a lot because that way it's much harder to question my premises . i ask you cite yours as well unfortunately i have a gag reflex towards lew rockwell . still , combined ... i'll respond in the morning , anarchitektur , but , suffice it to say , you need to cut the condescention . seriously , you're not going to earn any respect by saying things like : attack the post , ... edit : double post why i have a strong dislike for ron paul : he would have opposed the civil rights act of 1964 ( source ) ( i might change my mind here if someone can show it was unequivocally bad ) he wants us ... i might take it in the morning , but right now i'll just say that i always score in the - 6 , - 6 range , which , for me , sounds far too extreme . another one to try would be moral-politics.com . it ... i'll know if i'm in heaven or hell by how helpful ea is on my technical issue ( there is no reason a game should develop black squares during a race . especially when you're going ino a tough corner ) politicians can run out of air ? : laughing : you would make a great speechwriter snark intelligence kindness good cooking welcome oddly enough , when i saw the penguins are coming i thought of linux what was in this water ? you will be assimilated ! resistence is futile ! but seriously , going from personal experience , roboticism is not something that can be associated with me . everyone i know knows about some facet of ... welcome , from a man with a cat on his lap so , for those of you who write fiction , what kind of characters are easiest for you to write ? one that's loud and boisterous , or a quiet , stoic sort , or something else ? for me characters tend to ... istpish intp here . tests can't decide if i'm intp or istp and i have taken a larger interest in the physical world as of late , but i'm still an intp . skpping over the examples from my re-intro , i'd say : 1 . fool's overture-supertramp 2 . give a little bit-supertramp 3 . dust in the wind-kansas 4 . cat's in the cradle-harry chapin 5 . in the air ... what is there to say ? after disappearing without mking much of a splash , i came back , now with a larger interest in music ( like the logical song , even in the quietest moments , after the gold rush , ... i'd love to see this posted in the intj forum . i really would . the stranger , simply because i'm deathly afraid of dogs i've done that in a school play and didn't feel absurd . then again , i was distracted by the fact that the narrator happened to be a guy in a dress . never mind ... that location being 2 blocks northeast of the wtc neighborhood , and not visible if you're looking from ground zero . i'm not seeing that's even comparable to teabaaging your face . also , it's not a ... just post the url for the vid , and it'll set it up for you five , actually . you forgot the one that actually changes the lightbulb while the others are arguing about whether to change the lightbulb since everyone is posting videos anyway , my rwo favorite songs currently ( both very melancholic ): http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P-7xrav9rmo http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KwjsYWGvaJo ... can't it be both ? i'm something between a weak agnostic ( no one really knows if god exists ) and an ignostic ( the concept of god is too poorly defined to be discussed ) , with touches of strong agnostic ( we can't know if ... apparently that site doesn't like hotlinking . i'm ( bored dnough to poke my head into this thread and ) only seeing a standard this image is being hotlinked image . try uploading it to imageshack , and ... here in california , we call that the california stop your heart takes love lightly meh ... you are attracted to good manners and elegance . sorta ... i prefer intelligence in love , you feel the most alive when your lover is creative and never ... out of my 57 song playlist after the gold rush-neil young dust in the wind-kansas while my guitar gently weeps-the beatles eleanor rigby-the beatles cat's in the cradle-harry chapin personally , i'm like a vulcan . i bury my intense emotions as much as possible , because the second they get way from me , i completely lose control . then again , i do carry a lot of baggage , from a very ... i keep thinking i should've responded earlier , but i'm coming out of the last of the aftereffects of a near-breakdown , having to do with work ( i don't want to talk about it ) . anyway , thank you ... hmmm ... well , i'm acebrock , an aspie , intp , and possibly soon to be unemployed some of my interests include metroid , zelda , mario , house , burn notice , the beatles , the closer , neil young , and ... '