i'm not horrible at dancing , but i'm not that good either . usually it's easier if i dance by myself . if i have to dance with a partner , there is no way that this would work . i don't dance that ... that's so true . in elementary school i was bullied for being the nerd - the one that studied etc . i came from a small village and i went to high school in a big town i was a bit shy at first and ... primary - intj subtype - entj i don't get though what it is the purpose of this subtype . i guess we do eat in order . i do the same . i don't like mixing different foods . i try to eat as simple meals as possible - with not much than 3 to 4 ingredients and i don't like to mix them . i ... i don't cry that much . there might be some drops in my eyes from time to time , but it usually stops there . when i really cry , i'm usually alone . i cried when my grandfather died - when i got home ... just some days ago someone misread me . i simply put a comment about vegans and vegetarians , where i specifically said that i have nothing against anyone , i just think that people should eat meat ... i do like video games , but i know that the moment i start playing , i won't realize how many time passed . and this way i could waste a lot of time playing games and i don't always have the luxury to ... i do this all the time . this way people always know to move away from me . there is no need to even ask them . and if by any chance the kid doesn't think that they deserve the punishment , they learn also to not care . if i've been punished no matter what i do without an explanation at some point i would do ... oh i stop pretty much after a minute , but yeah i wanted to point it out , because he always does this . the problem is that he wastes time for the team . and we say specifically to him that we know and ... people who repeat themselves . i don't know if it's only my nitpick , but i hate to repeat myself and i get annoyed when someone is wasting my time saying to me things that they already said . like a ... well i'm not sure what is the impact of the blood type , but i'm o negative too . but isn't o the most spread blood type worldwide ? i don't do revenge . if someone did something to me , then clearly i don't want this one around me . it's this easy . wasting my time to make it even to them and lower to their level ? why bother ? i could ... i created my facebook contact , because it was one of the ways to stay in contact with classmates from university ( it's useful for personal contacts ) . i didn't want to give them my number - i'm very ... well when i was in high school , i attended it because i needed the document for other purposes - like going to university . otherwise i couldn't find a job in my country . as for the teachers i had ... i don't know about journalism . i wouldn't want to do it , since i'm an introverted and dealing with people is not my strength . i don't know i think that extrovert could be better for that area . i ... well i had fairly enough male and females teachers in school and university . i still don't care about the gender . i care about the way the teacher make their lessons . in most cases males could be ... i know that not all people can be efficient , but some people / teams could win the price of inefficiency . to sum up - i work in software company and i'm in one of the two software teams . since we ... well i could do both . at school i ate alone . at university i ate with a friend or alone ( depends since i lived on campus and she didn't ) . at work i usually eat with coworkers , but i could do it ... bulgarian - fluent ( native ) english - advanced spanish - advanced german - intermediate ( i've forgotten some things since i haven't used it in long time ) french - beginner portuguese - beginner i have difficulty remembering names when i'm meeting new people as well . it's like i'm so busy telling my name and see the face of the person that i might not even remember hearing their name . i ... working days ( for me monday to friday ): i wake up at 6:30 am ( sometimes even earlier ) and turn on some music , then i brush my teeth , i drink some tea and some water and check my email or something ... i get what you mean . i should mention though that i don't live in usa , so in my country the town where i live is the biggest one , but it's not that big in comparison with la or new york for ... i prefer big city - like they said before me no pressure and judgments . i can be whatever i want to be and no one expects from me anything . plus i find it annoying in small towns ( really small like ... it happens to me all the time - since i was very young . i even went to a doctor , because this way i couldn't sleep properly . well sleeping pills didn't help much , even stronger ones that make other ... i don't know what personality types are my parents . they wouldn't do the test and i have some doubts , but i can't be sure . - do you feel like your parents did a good job of understanding your ... hm , i know that i don't have pretty strong mother instincts . for example saturday i was out with other girl and when she saw a little cute boy she was talking about him for 20 minutes after that . me ? ... just one thing from me , because the post above me is detailed enough . you should know that in most cases there is a reason why you need to loose weight . in small percentage that reason is some ... gave you excellent instructions . if you want your body to function normal , you need enough sleep hours . now i can't have 8-9 hours , but i try to have at least 7 . a lot of water is ... you can expect everything from everyone ( that comes also with the fact that we all are selfish ) there is no god - i never believed in that , even though my family are religious education ... yeah me too . if i say that i could get along with someone , this means that we have a common interests . even if we don't have the same opinion about something , the fact that we can discuss it is good ... wow you made me think that no one has never come to me crying . i guess the people know that i can't deal with this . usually my friends might ask me about advice , but it's more like some problem that ... i was an intj even as a kid . only back then i'm not so sure that i was healthy intj . now it's better . there was a time , when i wondered why i'm like that ( before knowing about mbti ) , because i ... you have to have in mind though that it won't be easier , because he will always think that you can do it again - meaning that you can break his heart again . so he might not be too willing . i agree ... sometimes i could be totally oblivious to my surroundings , especially when i think about something . it's like i spas out and i'm in my inner world and i might not even hear someone entering the room ... if i'm sure that i'm wrong i'll admit it , but i won't say it just because someone wants me to do it . if the opponent has some logical arguments that find holes in my theory , then why not ? in most ... well , i can't say that they were totally jealous , because i wasn't popular , but there were people who didn't like me too much because of my success . for example i scored max points in my math test ... thanks , i will check it out . you might be right . edit : well , as it turns out i have in common with intp , but there are certain things that are definitely not me - like running late . that's ... i've considered it too , but i'm on the fence , because i'm more judger . my parents taught me to respect others ' opinions ( as a kid i was a lot more reckless ) , but i still think that there is only one ... hm i'm interested in psychology , but not because i want to help people , but because i want to understand myself . sometimes it's really hard to understand myself , especially when it's about ... well , i'm fascinated by science . i'm not scientist , because there is no jobs for scientists in my country . if i had the chance , i would have worked it . i'm software developer , but if i've lived in ... yep , that's it . in my language it's a bit different - jump from a bridge , but the idea is the same . you don't do something just because someone is doing it . this is lame excuse . also argument like ' you have to do it because xxx is doing it ' doesn't work for me either . whenever my parents told me this , i was like ' so if someone try suicide , i should do it too ? ' . we had our ... i'm indeed lucky . besides that's something that me and my parents have in common . they don't like to be ordered either , so i guess that's why they didn't do it with me . they had similar fights with ... my parents tried to order me , but soon they realized that this approach doesn't work for me . so instead they asked me to do it or explained to me why should i do / not do something . they just learned ... yeah , my parents think that i'm stubborn , which is true . the point however is that i won't say that i'm wrong if someone don't give me logical proofs that i am . if their motivation is ' because i said ... i do the same with every list i do . i just need to write it , then i don't need to consult it . once it's written , i remember it . in fact that's how i studied in high school . all things that i needed ... i think that we intj know well what we know and what we don't know . the problem is that usually when we know what we know , we are really aware of it . which means that we can be a bit blunt when ... well some parents want to think that they influence their children - no matter if it was for the better or for the worse . by telling them that they didn't , it sounds like they didn't do anything at ... when i was small kid ( around 3-5 ) i wanted to be a singer . soon i realize that i don't sing that well and i can't face the public , so i decided that i want to be detective or doctor . anyway around 12 ...