ooh ! it's my favorite intj ! long time no see ! : kitteh : actually this is quite valid : laughing : hello there ! welcome to personality cafe ! i hope you'll like it here . and i likey xntps : kitteh : so ... what do you think of mr . cafebot ? : laughing : i can relate to this . good summary on how my memory works ! hmm . months ago , i read in an enfp forum about an intj explaining how his memory works . i wonder if you all can relate to it , ... 1 . probably f and t are aux / tert functions . 2 . f ( leaning into fe ) . 3 . maybe e . 4 . okay . 5 . not related to type . i don't know ... maybe xxfj . well , from my experience browsing in the internet , i see more infps thinking that they are hated , even though i see more infj hate threads . i don't know if it's just me . yeah , there is always the ... wait what ? i thought infps are the ones who are innocent , dreamy , spotless , extremely empathetic , and deep little angels ! they're like the epitome of perfection ! it seems like more people hate infjs ... i think so . what do you mean by this ? well , don't be ! xd sent from my iphone using tapatalk why ? xd sent from my iphone using tapatalk definitely not . so not accurately typed . endologic i looked at your username . i think you're accurately typed . i likey enfps too : frustrating : how about le entps though ? : kitteh : there's a reason they're ne users , am i right ? : laughing : completely unrelated to the topic , but you give me ' bad girl ' ... do you really think you are a ne , fi , te , and si user , in that order , and not any other user ? if yes , then you are an enfp . if no , well ... good luck ... again . i don't mind ' freeing the ns ' . it means not wearing bras , right ? i mean ... my ns are free in my flat chest . i like you already and i agree with you on the part in bold xd and atamagasuita , now you're an enfp ? whatever happened with xstp ? xd of course they can be ! my estj father is an arranger . he wouldn't be one if he's not creative : wink : bruh . sent from my iphone using tapatalk spacestation carol so what are you waiting for ? why is your type still ' unknown ' ? change it now ! ok jk jk . change it whenever you're already sure about it . sent from my iphone using ... aww ~ what does an infj weak ni look like ? a mistyped infj . there is no such thing as an infj with weak ni . if your si is strong , consider isfj , or at least xsfj . commenting on the answer to the first question : you are so te . there are a lot of things that shows it , but the answer to 10 is the one that makes me quite sure of te . also , some of your answers are ... i think you are an isfj . i can explain a bit if you want to . sent from my iphone using tapatalk i'm even more curious now ... sent from my iphone using tapatalk thank goodness i'm not the only one . sent from my iphone using tapatalk these days , most of my friends know either the latest music , fashion , games , whatever . even the things that are normally not their taste . and then , suddenly , they like what they don't like before ... as much as 707 , my fictional boyfriend from an otome game , is an entp , i kinda ship entp x infp . okay maybe my infp friend doesn't like entps , but hey , it's only one person ! entps , do you likey ... i just re-read this again and i'm surprised that some infps are thinking literally . so cute : kitteh : what ... ? tell me ! tell me ! sent from my iphone using tapatalk ? why do you need to use a husky voice when saying that ? is there a joke here that i do not know of ? xd comments are in bold . i'm going to try and remake my first composition . when i'm finished , i'll surely share it with you all ! pick fights ? how unusual . sent from my iphone using tapatalk now i'm curious who they are xd sent from my iphone using tapatalk i'm not one of those infjs , right ? xd and wait , when have you seen those zealous bludgeoning ? i'm curious xd sent from my iphone using tapatalk have you done a questionnaire ? it will be easier to type you if you do so . and no , it doesn't seem messy . you do not need to apologise about something that isn't there ( to me , anyway ) . have ... are you sure you're infj ? sent from my iphone using tapatalk ooo . nice . is it minimalism ? i sing covers , but the website's in japanese , and i compose , but most of my work are at school xd sent from my iphone using tapatalk isxp or esfp . https://youtu.be/eRhuCf9p-kY sent from my iphone using tapatalk i thought i'm the only one with this problem xd i also made up my mind to do work during a certain period of time but i ended up doing something else hahaha i have an app that prevents me from ... yes . sent from my iphone using tapatalk ? i don't see anyone getting butthurt ... ? sent from my iphone using tapatalk hi ! i'd say that this part i quoted sounds like si , taking past experiences to see patterns of the future . what makes you think you have ni , not si ? months ago , i had a conversation with an isfj , ... sounds like a high-society party sfj song . https://youtu.be/eRhuCf9p-kY sent from my iphone using tapatalk well , you shouldn't trust the i / e , n / s , t / f , and j / p tests . my isfj friend gets a range of results , from sjs , sps , nts , and nfs . she is still an isfj . look into the cognitive functions xd ... absolutely impossible . you are one type and one type only . i hope you don't trust stereotypes . sent from my iphone using tapatalk infp ? https://youtu.be/-BG00B2nrI4 sent from my iphone using tapatalk what in the world hahaha is this person accurately typed ? again , no . or is it because of the enneagram ? lol . sent from my iphone using tapatalk