depends what you think of by ' composer . ' i don't really write a lot of my music down via notation ( trying to get better at that ) but i compose music on the spot and ideas i create i remember . this has always bothered me . for my own reasons i prefer socionics and not having a subforum to even talk about it or compare it with mbti and other typologies makes it hard for me to even want to ... but i'm a cheerleader . clea duvall is very hot in this movie . any type can experience shyness , though introverts seem to be most prone . i used to be incredibly shy and i know thinker types and feeler typed individuals who are definitely shy . i don't think my type stops me from having the potential to be a capable and effective leader . it is something you can cultivate . i've pretty much turned into an extrovert in recent years , anyways . i'm a 5 . a plain old 5 . i'm more opinionated and chatty online as well as inclined to be rude more so than offline . i don't really get out enough to socialize to say though i would say i am whimsical , a bit devious , and ... you can find us in many college classes , academic clubs , on the music and art scene , in the literature scene , etc . a lot of us are pretty nerdy so things involving gaming and fiction works . we are ... she doesn't need to share your mbti type to get along with her . the question is how well you communicate , understand each other , and enjoy each others company . you can analyze all you want . ... i'm a member of a few anime communities / forums , and i am a member of a few of the socionics forums . i am very active in the socionics lounges ( in trying to build up the new community ... feel free to ... the story behind my username is very complicated in the midst of its hardly existent background . i would like to think so , but i don't know too many lesbian couples , honestly , and the ones i did know of were between people with hormones and issues so they never lasted long , but i think that's ... nabari no ou ... really , really great manga . and fullmetal alchemist . i just wish i could find revolutionary girl utena since i've seen everything for it but havne't read the manga but really , ... if there are vague similarities between me and who i am dealing with , i have few problems socializing , persay . i just go with the flow as i am very adaptable and have things to say on a variety of ... i sadly have never been in a romantic relationship with one . i hope to one day as , provided they are ' sound ' otherwise , i find them to be people who tend to bring out the best in me and who energize ... i do not and will not drink . i know enough intps who also do not drink or only on rare occasions . this also goes with entps , intjs , and i imagine plenty of entjs who i never got to know too well . could be just the emotional rush and once that passed you felt empty or you feel glad to be alive but then feel like something is missing , you are spending time on earth in a way that indicates ... i'm not sure if i can really answer . i am what i am ... it's nice , i guess , to be 5w4 . it certainly relates to the things i want to become and pursue in life . it's like saying if i'm proud that i ... professional / technical writing . i also plan on majoring in music composition later , as well . i agree . i never did go with intepreting the bible one way just because ' they ' told me to . after a faith crisis , i decided i would interpret the bible more freely . after all , it doesn't matter if ... not anymore though i have respect for people who are religious as long as their heart is in the right place . i respect spirituality though and enjoy studying various religions and their spiritual ... cool thread . ( warning , a number of embedded vids ahead ) my favorite is ashengrace : a playlist i made for them youtube - ashengrace - coldlight ( remix ) youtube - ashengrace - seven ( remix ) ... well , i can relate as well , to a certain degree . even though i try not to come off as mean , many times i have said something in a way that seemed course and have thus offended others . it's really ... well , i'm in my thoughts and / or daydreaming whenever i'm not actually doing anything requiring concentration ... so ... yeah . well , since i am underage , i obviously don't drink much . i have some glasses of wine here and there . it's really nothing special and the buzz i get isn't anything profound . it enhances my boldness ... i'm going into my third year in professional writing . i might go into some communications field for specialization in grad school . from there , i will obtain a ba in music composition . estjs see me as evil , lazy , and evil esfjs : think i'm weird and creepy istjs : think i'm cute / funny / small-minded isfjs : think i'm ' sweet . ' istps : mixed responses i suppose the mutual attraction and sexual tension could amount to some of the coldness and likelihood of taking minor disagreements too seriously . where it's platonic or not mutual ( on my end ) , my ... as mentioned , getting the two to reveal their feelings is probably the greatest challenge this pair faces . other than that , i would think two intps could make a good match ... more so than being ... if i were a guy , i'd be bisexual .  ... wait . i'd tell you why i like math if i ever liked it . being an intp female is great . i'm logical but also can show my sensitive side . too bad i never feel comfortable doing so . also , according to socionics , esfps make the best match and some of those ... w007 . entj . nice to see more of your kind around here . i basically agree with what zulban has said . i honestly use wikipedia rarely , or at least less and less . wikipedia , however , is good to get overviews of whatever subjects you are researching . ... simple . be honest and direct and explain that this is the most reasonable choice you can make . don't lie or beat around the bush otherwise you'll tick them off . also , make it clear that it's over ... i do agree that intps can be prone to withdraw from people in order to create distance for their own comfort . i've done that quite a few times , especially with strong feeling types because their ... no surprise that obama won but i was not expecting him winning by that much of a landslide where his elctoral votes were more than doubled than mccain . oh well , congrats to him . i highly recommend fma ( fullmetal alchemist ) . for cyberpunk lovers , i recommend lain , . hack / / sign ( well , maybe ) , and chaos head . good unlicensed titles and / or airing anime are chaos head , gintama ... coffee but only by a slim margin .