' i love this question . i don't have an answer exactly but i love the question ! thanks backpenther . i'll put this into practice ! thanks backpenther , this is very helpful . i appreciate you offering your insights . those are some great pictures you have on fotostream , by the way . thank you for sharing . thank you ermenegildo and aod iii . with your help i am starting to a gain new perspectives on photography . yes ermenegildo , i will keep on writing ! :) thank you everyone for your thoughts and advice . this is very helpful . if anyone has additional advice i'd love to hear about it . raschel , what an interesting thing to do after you take a picture ... thanks sbw ! this quote is now on a post-it on my monitor :) thanks charlie . i appreciate your thoughts . i think my interest in photography has to do with what i read about fe and how it is ... thanks kirjuri . this is very interesting . i'll try to put this into practice . i try not to overthink too - which can be hard :) also , thanks for recognizing that i'm trying new things . i appreciate ... thanks kirjuri . i'm a 4w5 too by the way :) i guess i was thinking about how photography compares to other types of art / writing when it comes to self-expression . for example , with writing i can ... i've been reading about the importance for infjs to express themselves , especially through the arts . though i don't consider myself too artistic , as an infj i'd like to learn how to express myself ... thanks aeppolaen and lavendersnow . it very helpful to me to learn about your experiences at nonprofits . i didn't realize there were opportunities at these organizations for volunteering . while i'm ... thank you for sharing your experience with me . at the moment i'm not sure which type of nonprofits i'll be looking into but i appreciate you letting me what it was like at the nonprofit ministry ... i'm looking into nonprofits for work and was wondering if anyone else here works for one . for those that do , what is it like ? do you feel like you mix better with your coworkers and / or feel like ... thank you everyone for your responses to my questions . this is very helpful . drecon - that's an interesting way to look this - that my time is just as important as anyone else's time . thanks ! it's more like i'm kind of insecure i think and once i get talking it's hard to end the conversation and say goodbye . maybe i'm thinking unconsciously that if they leave i'll be left alone ? i'm ... often times i find it hard to end conversations with people . does anyone else have this problem ? do you think it is an infj thing ? yup , call center . directory assistance ( 411 ) . i did 500 to 800 calls per day for 2 years . it was like going to prison everyday - as if i was being punished for something . the turnover was huge ... thanks . i certainly identify with certain actors but i may not be a very good one . the main one being al pacino in his movie speeches in and justice for all ( 1979 ) , a scent of a woman ( 1992 ) , devil's ... i am asking this because most lists of famous infjs are actors , yet very rarely do i see acting described as one of the best career options for infjs . that's awesome . the time is now . i get it :) great watch pics guys . thanks . i find it interesting that so far the watches are the analog / dial ones . i tend to gravitate toward them as well . i've gone some time without a watch since i got my ... do infjs favor a particular style / type ? below is my st.moritz m1 dive watch , a victorinox base camp swiss army watch , and a timex watch i use for swimming . i think the dive watch and timex show my ... that's interesting . it appears to be the same for me as well . thank you everyone for your comments . this is helpful . one time a person said to me that only nfs really get other nfs . so this might be something for me to look into or consider when looking ... thanks for responding to my question . i think if i was better at the arts i could sort of find my own place in the world better . i have an old group of friends where we have fun together and i think ... my question could be related to career or social groups / settings . i ask because i'm still searching :) any thoughts or input would be great . thanks . thanks librarian . he really did pick up my spirits everyday . i was just thinking of how walking my sister's dog might be helping me . i really think it is . thank you for your thought and comments . thanks jordanyte . i appreciate your comments . i think you're right about the precious memories . i'll always have those and i stumbled upon some images i didn't realize i had . it was nice to find ... thanks guys . i was pretty close to the dog . we sort of adopted him a couple of years ago from another family member and he was for the most part neglected ( no walks , left alone a lot ) . we always saw ... thank you everyone . your comments and thoughts are helpful . a few times a week now i plan to walk a close relative's dog that lives nearby . he's still a puppy with lots of energy . i think this will ... does our empathy make it more difficult to lose a pet . i lost a dog last week and it has been very difficult . i'm not one to reach out , for some reason , but i called a friend i haven't seen in ... i have your answer - find a good enfp friend . i'm still trying to figure out where i can find enfps though . any ideas pk , or anyone else ? p . s . i'm a 4w3 too - as well as a certified pessimist :) i was just joking :) as a teen i felt stoics were dead people walking . many ( many ) years later , however , i am starting to see the significance and appeal of this philosophy . hi op . i understand hurt and feelings in your post . but what's dating ? great question . jon kabat-zinn describes mindfulness this way - “ mindfulness is awareness that arises through paying attention in a particular way : on purpose , in the present moment , ... here's one i discovered recently that you might like . if you scroll down a bit she has some really interesting quotes and sayings and other things . i think you need to register on tumblr to follow ... i can relate to this very well . yesterday i read a quote by nietzsche ( thought to be another infj ) that you might like . it kind of helps me put things into perspective . x93 . . . this is the ... spoiler alert if you watch the clip : in this movie al pacino ( considered to be an infj ) is asked by a well respected judge to represent him in court . pacino needs this judge's respect to keep his ... enfps often see something in me that i don't see and will point it out . they often crack up with my sense of humor . i might think what i say is amusing and try to be funny - but enfps get a total ... i listened to the national anthem on youtube the other day . my eyes watered . something about the tone or the crying out with one's heart - or perhaps just he meaning of it all . i don't know really ... thanks lucy . i appreciate this . it wasn't easy getting that into my therapists mindset . one thing i'm not too good at is criticism , even if it is put mildly for some reason . i do manage , though :) ... fantastic ! you're too sensitive . from my own therapist ! he got a lecture from me after he continued saying it for awhile . he no longer says it :) thanks . i was just on his site the other day . lots of good information . looking at the link you sent , i didn't realize there are shadow functions as well as primary functions . i should read his ... i'd like to think i can go beyond understanding the functional stack of my own type ( infj ) . however , it seems pretty daunting to me . if you change just one letter in a type it seems the functional ... i enjoyed reading this thread . i can relate to so much of it . remember , though , we don't need to confess anything . we didn't do anything wrong :) for me , however , sometimes it feels that way . great thread ! cool . thanks . i can see both fe and ni in the video . he sort of says everything marlo is thinking and is helping him out too . at the end avon says , after all his intimidation , so what's up man , ... that reminds me of this clip of al pacino's motivation speech . i read somewhere that he's considered to be an infj . great speech . i don't know how many times i've watched it .  ... as i try to understand what fe is and how i use it as my auxiliary function i would love to view examples of people using it . does anyone recall scenes from movies that are good examples of people ... '