' honestly ? you tend to seem passive-aggressive . i assume that you're frustrated with the process , but you seem irritated with us for not having an answer . that's unfair . all we can do is try to find ... i probably should've said interacting with rather than relating to . it's not a judgment or anything , you just said in several places that people tend to criticize your personality or ... so ... i'm moving this to your most recent type-me thread . that other one has been horribly derailed . maybe we can finally figure it out to your satisfaction ? ( and have it last more than a day or ... dreamer 4life it's hard to type people when they're depressed , and i don't think that's really what you need at this moment . you're looking for a way out of the hole . for that , i think you should ... i dunno , that just sounds ... human . i'm the same way when i'm depressed . i mean , that's kinda what depression is : loss of hope in the future , loss of interest in your favorite activities , loss of ... mimesis thanks for that video ! i'm watching it now ; it's very interesting . :) where do you want to go ? we need to focus our combined energies for this to work . ( ' cause it totally will . ) i spent hours in the cold and snow today , so i'm thinking somewhere warm . how about ... g'night , mimesis ! i'm gonna try to pull you into a joint dream tonight . : sleepytime :: ghost : do you think that'd work ? we could go explore the world ! eh . right is a relative term , and useful only to the extent that it helps you find what you're looking for . as long as you're using personality theory to explore yourself ( not just find a box ) , i ... that actually makes a big difference . your written english has a poetic , sensual feel . i considered that , but it didn't sound like the case for you . there's a subtle difference , which i'm not ... saying random things to people isn't ne . if anything , it seems like a reflection of introversion because you're not treating the external world as something wholly separate from yourself . you just ... fallacy . the idea of a social battery is mbti nonsense . an extravert is oriented by the external world ( objective ) , while an introvert is oriented by the internal world ( subjective ) . that's the ... nestle_bird you're an extravert in the jungian sense - - very focused on the external world . as for functions , i'm inclined to say that you're a healthy te-dom with a developed s aux . this is te , ... wow , so much te-fi . i'd say that's clearly your primary axis . te is probably your dominant function , considering how much you seem to identify with it . i see no indication of an auxiliary at this ... why do you think you use ne over ni ? more importantly ( and relevant , i promise ): how do you feel when you look at a landscape or listen to music ? itselly both fi and ti are introverted judging functions , so it's understandable that you might get confused . i would recommend that you don't worry about the auxiliary function , but spend some ... makes sense ... makes sense ... makes sense ... nope , does not compute . is it my inferior fe ? or maybe it's just ridiculous to believe , you ain't a real man if you don't join my ... are you on a preventive inhaler ? i discovered a love of running after a new prescription helped with my asthma . i wouldn't recommend soccer if you have knee problems . swimming seems like it would ... you're one of the few people on here who seems like an ni-dom under jung's original definitions . i don't know if you've read psychological types , so i'll just transcribe some stuff . ( sorry if it'll ... lauressa : the previous poster was talking about functions . i'm not sure how much you've delved into them , but i'll try to translate a bit . ( and hope i haven't forgotten anything . i've been gone a ... i read the free preview on amazon , just to see why everyone's been going crazy over it . it got repetitive really quickly , and i still don't get the appeal . but hey , it wasn't a wasted venture ... sat : 1420/1600 i took the sat once in 2000 ( no act ) , and i was so glad that i didn't have to bother with taking it a second time . some of my classmates took it 3 + times because their parents ... there wasn't much love for thanksgiving in this poll , but for those about to feast : happy turkey day ! and thank you for being awesome . i think that the dominant function will be noticeable by early to mid-childhood , but aux functions should not be applied to children . the first observable aspect of type is ... i'll play opposing counsel here and say that the teenage years are a confusing time . you're reaching sexual maturity , your body and mind are undergoing significant changes , you probably feel the urge ... i've found that you can accomplish a lot with just a look . so , bust out a mirror and start practicing an expression that conveys this thought process : i think that your iq is in the double-digits ... i assume that i can still contribute here ? the firefox that i use for perc doesn't have a lot of extensions running , just : - firebug 1.9 . 2 - novell moonlight 3.99 . 0.3 - pocket 3.0 . 0 - print edit ... yay , it started working for me today ! i don't know if timeless fixed it ( thanks if you did ! ) , or if the magical elves paid me a visit . but i thought that i'd give a heads-up in case the problem has ... i haven't read the thread to know if it's been covered , but there's something that i just don't understand about republicans . some of them think that a person's value is based on the size of his bank ... getting your mail held at the post office would be best , if possible . and i assume that you don't have access to a service like this : save time and money with online mail management for mail and ... well , we may need to mandate the use of headphones so no innocent children will be harmed . it should be based on the potential for harm to others . pedophiles are dangerous and should be regulated , and so should people with violent tendencies , etc . the problem is when people throw fits ... irl , i recently applied for a job in another town . in my dream last night , i received an email from a woman at the company . she apparently knew of me , and she told me off . she said that i'm a coward ... same here . chrome and opera work fine , so it seems to be a firefox issue . as far as i can tell , it started when we had that problem with the user profiles . fwiw , you can add html breaks to your ... not perfect , but ... http://cdn.sheknows.com/articles/2011/10/Bridget-Marquardt-Halloween-decor2.jpg i was going to say this tomorrow ( forgot about the time difference for everyone ) , ... i'm sorry for taking your username . wanna share ? hey , coyote 2.0 : we gotta recruit some fellow christmas lovers to get in here and vote , or else the halloweiners are going to crush us . ... but i ... i'd probably be way too curious , and would talk to her just to find out what's up . ... but really , people seem a little close-minded about exes . a long time ago , i discovered that a casual ... it sounds like some of you are getting gypped out of a great holiday . perhaps we need to have a perc all hallows ' eve , costume required .  ... i originally tested as an intp , thought that i was an infj for a little while , then realized that i am indeed an intp . once i read jung's original descriptions , i knew that i wasn't ... aww , yes , that is what's great about christmas . :) i think it's meant to be the ultimate thanks-giving , where we thank our loved ones for being part of our lives . but , but ... at 25 , you got to ... haha , yeah , i'm sure that your birthday has a little something to do with it . :p but you're right , halloween is fun . and since it's about a week away , i hope that you have a great one . and also , ... i'm very excited that christmas is on its way . i'm not much for traditions and i've skipped lots of holidays , but i do love the christmas season . pretty lights giving a warm glow to the snow , lots ... sounds more like a fear of whoever might be lurking in the shadows . i'd say that's related to being a woman alone in a dark bar , not really type . oh , yeah , that's definitely going to affect matters . and i don't know how you're handling his teeth , but i feel like i should warn you . i weaned my daughter off night feedings around 18 months , ... does he get upset just because you're telling him no , or because he likes to help ? could you have given him a metal , non-dangerous tool to hold onto until mommy and daddy need it ? a heads-up ... year 1 : in a dorm , with a roommate i hated . i was rarely there , so it didn't matter much . but she gave tours early on saturday mornings , and i'd wake up with a bunch of strangers staring at me ... is he still learning to talk or hitting a growth spurt ? those seem to make kids crabby . what usually sets off the tantrums ? hmmm . did you eat a cookie too , and tell him how yummy it was ? ... under jung's original theory , the psyche comprises the conscious and the unconscious . ( it might help to think of ' em as you and not you , respectively . ) the dominant function rules the conscious , ... sometimes it helps to rename food . i make curly pasta and call ' em french fries , which my daughter gobbles up . my youngest brother was / is a terribly picky eater and he hated pork chops . my ... well , then i guess the better question is : which one do you prefer ? : tongue : what , did you miss the third grade ? secrets , secrets are no fun . you should tell everyone ! sleep on it , come ... '