' well to be religious your mind has to be devoid of thought at least in regards to religion . intps tend to think so i would think most are not religious . your pet looks tasty . pass the bbq ? ? it is impossible for beliefs to only stay within the person that holds them . a belief is something that affects everything about a person ; it is truly impossible to isolate one aspect of a human ... this was actually a funny video . he wasn't great he supported lying . also the atheists that you know are far from experts on the subject of the pope and religion ( in most likely hood . ) you disgust me for your blatant support of ignorance , brainwashing , murder , government take overs , theft , and attack on the civil rights of human beings . these things are propagated by religion you ... your definition of religion is actually the definition of what a belief is . religion is something that intends to rob humanity of the right to belief . if at the end of my life i played a pivotal role ... just one example of the dangers of religion . pedophiles love it ! assumption is a conclusion without a premis . i have a conclusion with several premises . obviously i am not making an assumption . it says that i am a logical and intelligent person who knows what deduction is and how to use it . and you saying things over and over again to try and sway me into thinking something using ... i am not claiming that all are fanatic through experience . making judgements based on experience is subjective . i havent given one example of a experience of mine . i have given deductive arguments ... deductive reasoning - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia that gives a brief and rudimentary understand of what deductive reasoning is . you clearly don't know what deduction is , because if you did ... both inference and fanatic are in the dictionary . actually nothing is obvious . it is impossible to prove that something is obvious . it actually takes a lot of arrogance to call something obvious because it implies that your subjective judgements are ... um ya , it is actually impossible to know anything from experience . literally . and there are many people on the planet . i guess that means some of the religious could be insane too ? ( they would ... i'm not being insulting . it is very arrogant though for her to say , i know i'm right without making a single valid point and than go around and say , if you dont get what i am saying then wow ... you still haven't said what you believe so i don't know if you are religious or not , abd i am not really talking about you ; i am talking about religion and what it is , and who believes it . btw ... you aren't intelligent enough to know what equvilance of terms is apparently . religion = fanatic not by inferrance . it is literally like saying the ocean has water . i will try to teach you because ... it isn't an assumption you said they are religious that is all i need to know . for a human being to believe the sky is red or to believe that up is down takes either brainwashing ( young kids ... anything that causes a human being to believe in something that directly contradicts reality and encourages those same people ridicule and try to convert people is fanaticism . this is in all ... if someone understands religion then they will also know that all religious are fanatics . religion is the bane of all humanity . every newyear and birthday the thing i think about is how i have changed in the last year . it is impossible not to . but the right question is : have i become better if every year / birthday the ... we must enact conscription we should totally gather all of the intps and invade the infp's domain . then all their threads will be like this ! mwhahahahaha please take me back to your den right now ! i used my imagination ! ya we are pretty awesome ! you are aware that your signature says that you are an intp not an infp ? anyway i would suggest using a collar and other similar tools when you begin the training . * puts on a mask and follows him to his house . then looks into the window * all you have to do to get around this kind of discrimination is to put down what you think they want to hear ... if they are going to be cock suckers , then fuck them ! * looks over shoulder and sees excelsio * how about we use our intp analytical thinking . if dogs climb onto boxes but cats jump off of them and humans put the box their in the first place , then we are humans . i have no idea but im ... he's weird not me . it isn't a creature , it's a doggie ! and it would be a good doggie not a strange one . pick me as the doggie miss soul ! i am dirtier ! do not believe anything he says ! i am more brillianterer than other intps . dont believe ? wells tooey badly ! you are a dirty boy can i be your dog ? o ! i get it i will give you an example . intp says : get away from me ! you seriously need mental help ! ! translates to : honey , i really think we should start going to a therapist . it would help ... you infps are so overly emotional ! gah ! asking someone else is usually not the best way to get the truth . most friends aren't going to be willing to say , yes you were clingy , an emotional wreck , and need therapy . i would spend more time ... except she is actually a he ... i think the problem is that you are being so active about it . it isn't hard to tell when someone is forcing it and when you do that he feels like you are forcing him too . you should just back off him ... i was thinking more along the lines of boobs and a good looking smile . not being mean , but the only thing i got from that post was that you have gone out with an intp before and it didn't work out . both of you had communication problems apparently . was that about the ... i really wouldn't care what the name was if i was having sex with hot women for a job . i have dated a infp before and she was extremely clingly . it got to the point where it was actually very overbearing and then she literally got depressed and suicidal after i broke it off . it was ... '