' the birth of pod'lair : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wY7JMfor93o true enough . in a way i was comparing it to the stereotype , as well as my own behavior . it was a hasty judgement , but either way there still isn't enough information that ourselves , the op , and the ... tests and stereotypes aren't exactly the most accurate way to tell , i certainly didn't fit some of the stereotypes . they give you an idea but you need to look into the functions and determine which ... so why exactly do you think she is an istp ? from what you posted she doesn't seem to be one . as for the problem itself , i used to be shy when speaking in front of groups , especially in middle and ... i'm winning ! i'm winning ! haha , i didn't realize my typo ! all of these are great . [ / quote ] i saw my quote within yours , saw the theum error , and checked my original post . misquoting someone you never met and probably will ... i'm 18 . i came here after my dad died and was trying to make myself occupied with something else during the summer before i started college . snakes and being seriously injured i definitely agree with . i only agree with emotion when it causes me major problems which could have been easily avoided . i would also add various natural ... that would result in immediate derision for using two ams , one of them incorrectly , as well as my viewing you as a selfish asshole . as for the op , trapping them in a situation where they become ... while walking around , i only have two things in mind : where i'm walking and what i'm currently thinking about . everything else gets ignored . report : it's not okay to just start talking to people you don i don't see the point in them , to be quite honest . it seems like it would be painful to get one , and i can't understand why somebody would pay someone to stab them with a needle thousands of times ... i'm a long time master at bullshitting papers . my techniques usually include using phrasing that will result in the maximum number of words ( for example instead of it was a high threshold , i would ... i've never done that . the most i ever got into knots was figuring out how to tie a slipknot , although i can't remember the exact movements if my life depended on it . i would need time to re-learn it ... i'm interested , i'm just not sure how long i can keep a debate going , and when i would be able to debate . a majority of my time is taken up by my college work , and my free time is usually spent ... well in my case it came down to a possible typing of ixtp , since with various online tests i tended to have between a 52 and 54 percent rating for sensing , and between a 46 and 48 percent rating for ... 1 . i used focus on how a real god would act if one does exist , as well as in my frustration with all the social pressures of high-school demanding i get in a relationship when i simply didn't see ... answering this thread . daycare worker . when i still lived at home and my sister would come to visit with two kids , ( a 7 year old and a 5 year old who constantly fight , and if you tell the 7 year old not to do something ... how do you even know she is an istp ? from what i read in the op , you haven't had that much personal contact with her , so you probably shouldn't make assumptions about her type . i would recommend ... i usually just give a slight smile with a small nasal hmm sound . if i think something is just so remarkably absurd and unexpected , i'll make the motions of laughing without making much sound at ... 1 . i'm currently in school for mechanical engineering , although i'm thinking about changing to computer science or electrical engineering . there is a lot of work , but not as much to take away ... my ti-ni loop lasted , in hindsight , from about 4th grade until a few weeks ago , which would make it about 9 years now , and it was not fun . i thought it was fun , but ti-ni loops have a funny way of ... from your information regarding his texts , it is possible that he actually feels guilty , but in my experience saying things such as sorry is my go to answer to avoid conflict . if he does mean it ... any visual representation or thought of tears , sweat , or any other liquid dripping from the body , dust particles / dirt in my eye , the smell of raw onions , and in some circumstances very bright light . i'm was told i'm very stubborn while growing up , mostly by my mom . probably because of the many arguments and other tools i used to either stall or not do something i didn't want to do . speaking of ... i would just take the tools from him and do it anyway , just to prove a point . i would take the third choice and say fuck it and do neither . these two . i know of people who believe evolution is essentially non-belief , instead of merely rejecting the belief of a theistic god . i have considered the second matter a lot , and have come to the ... i recently had to use this one for one of my classes . it was on some forum in response to the song hurt by nin and the johnny cash version . i thought things like that were a given . lmao ! edit : to the op , usually anything definitive or anything that involves asking for forgiveness . i once had to ask my mom for forgiveness when i was around 12-14 , and i spent over 10 minutes ... you have good taste sir . i know one person who is confirmed intj , and one who i suspect to be intj . i get along with them well enough , but i long ago learned to just sit back and listen during their discussions . also , an ... ^ ^ translation courtesy of google translate : i suggest that for each post paid 0 $ 5 , subject , content and section do not matter payment can for every 20 new posts ( 10wmz ) posts recognized at the ... yeah , i tend to convince myself not to talk to people about something , whether i find it important or not . i agree with dustydrill's reasons for talking to people . that's pretty much what i've been doing recently . last night i went down to a social event in my dorm where they were serving grilled cheese and pop . i was about to head back to my ... i don't think we have a fraternity like that , but there is an engineering organization based in my residence hall , sort of like a study group thing i think . nottie i don't think your classroom method would work that well for me . so far , my largest class has probably around 200 people , and my smallest around maybe 100 . i do have recitations , which are ... as for the worst way to die , look up rasputin's death . i have a similar problem at the moment . here's the link : http://personalitycafe.com/istp-forum-mechanics/112709-need-advise.html i'm game . : cool : i met most of my friends in late ... have you tried milliways ? to the op , my preferred method of death is either on a roller coaster , i don't care how so long as i get an adrenalin rush , or a heart attack while having wild sex . i am attending ohio state . i think they are all after my classes , at least the waterski and wakeboard club and the rocketry club are ( forgot to mention the last one . ) edit : i just checked the ... i think that may be it too . right now , as i type , i'm listening to very loud extraverts talking outside my dorm . you were right , i am in engineering , mechanical engineering specifically . that ... i just did a quick search . no video game organization , but there is one devoted to development . edit : unfortunately , the time it's held conflicts with the rocketry club i signed up for . playing video games , messing around on the internet , and occasional programming and writing . i think i might just be expecting too much of myself . but the problem is i don't want to just shut myself in the dorm all year , which it seems like that's where i'm heading right now . i just moved into college and have been here since the 19th . there have been a ton of activities recently . today was the first day of class , and so far most things have gone well . the problem is i ... while i was mowing the lawn and my extended family was at the house , my aunt asked me how much more do you have to do up there ? i simply said grass . double post . '