' just by using the terms before and after , we imply time . we cannot describe a lack of time through the use of temporal terms . in the same way , one cannot describe a complete void in terms of ... but infinite cannot exist within time , because that imposes limits on it . thus , it ceases to be infinite , as there is a measure of finiteness . indeed , that is the problem with language , because ... sure it is . just as a circle is defined as the set of all points a given distance from another point , and that the ratio connecting these is definite but unquantifiable , so is infinity a defined ... quantifying eternity / infinity is just like quantifying pi or e . they're best understood as abstract concepts , and quantification takes away from the purpose . so , asking how long eternity is ... they're not scary . puzzling at times , yes , but fear isn't the right response . rent seeking , or in other words , being an economic parasite . the best years of our lives for the 1940s on the waterfront for the 1950s west side story , the graduate , in the heat of the night , and midnight cowboy for the 1960s dog day afternoon , taxi driver , ... dominant ne means that yourself comes from observation . you can't lose that , because you're always observing the group while in the group . so rest easy - that's likely not going to happen .   ... it may seem nice , but getting too far into yourself is dangerous territory . deconstructing and analyzing your own behavior separately from yourself objectifies it , and is part of the psychological ... do a lot more reading on essential capitalist theory . you've got the basic principles down , but they're nothing new . the idea that the main difference is between the capitalist who grants access to ... they may have , depending on what part of the country you live in . fairly universal . here's a secret - a woman always chooses her man . it almost never works in reverse . if it seems like a guy ... what was the political issue ? you know what to do . go talk to him . if you catch him staring at you , grin goofily and wave flirtatiously at him , and if you're with female friends , start giggling ... douglas adams yeah , but where would the fun be in that ? there'd be no irony whatsoever . yes , you're all a bunch of boring bores who bored more than anyone has ever bored before . you all are so dull , you couldn't cut through melted ice cream . you're so sleep-inducing , that you're banned ... sure they do . in my experience , though , the depression manifests more in continually going out and feeling unsatisfied rather than not wanting to go out at all . maybe . still , the not ... it's inferior . it's specifically the part of our thinking that we simply don't get , but furthermore , know that we don't get it , and get frustrated that others value it . si thus has negative ... your brain doesn't stop developing until you're 25 . things that seem off how do you define extraversion compared to introversion ? that may be what's throwing me for a loop , after all . same here . that's more of an introverted position ... well , this certainly demonstrates why typing is hard online . although both answers are entpish , i can't say that with any definite certainty . there are just too many other answers that don't ring ... following up , which is more important to you - integrity comprehension just out of curiosity , why don't you think you're an enfp , perhaps ? concentrate on whether being analytical makes you feel good or bad ( i . e . bad ) . use si to stave off inferior te until fi can take back control of the situation . there would be no communication other than looking at each other in goofy ways . perhaps that may have been a better approach . and that later definition sets up all too convenient a strawman for him , because if you read over his argument again , his complaint against antitheists targets something that describes atheists under ... logic fail . that would require me to accept the premise that it is the possession of omniscience that makes one a god . 1 . jokes often reveal hidden biases . 2 . are you aware of how ignorant ... 1 . that's not cruel at all . some of my favorite people are estps . you should be so lucky as to be like them . 2 . saying this is the entp forum is no excuse for losing your cool . besides , it makes ... you sell what you have . russia had oil , and lots of it , and not a whole lot else . it wasn't that they didn't want to diversify their economy , it was that quite literally , they had nothing else that ... that wasn't a comparative statement . it was simply pointing out that money has many points of inefficiency as a means of exchange . we don't know how effective a pure command economy could be - any ... money is terribly inefficient - it requires a ridiculous amount of outside pressure to keep flowing , and to keep the distribution of goods steady . it has the annoyingly unfortunate tendency to be ... entj - achievement for the sake of achievement entp - achievement as a means for some other end the tendency would be to ask what would it mean if the candidate weren't openly christian , other than the person not getting elected ? generally , the conclusion would be not a whole lot .   ... don't generally record the chart itself . the implications and effects of that information are what is remembered , and the supporting information reconstructed with flashes of visual memories , until ... umm , that's just typical masculine fe talking . basically , don't f with my friend or i'll f with you . it's not meant to be interpreted any differently than what was said on the surface . you can let ... sure about that ? study : college binge drinking on rise don't worry , it's something the puritans in our country get riled about too . in fact , i think binge drinking is a particularly ... hmm , not sure if i agree with those ... i'd say it's more like this : se : what's going on out there ? - external stimuli are noticed si : does this appear to be correct ? - internal stimuli are ... that's just ne . it's always looking for the next , greatest thing . unfortunately , you won't improve by sticking it through . you'll just get upset with the bs details . malignant manifestation of narcissistic personality disorder . nothing . i've just got a lot of things to work on . i thought i was young in my mid - 20s . i forgot how much i was online when i was 13-14 . well i just died laughing at that video ti just looks for patterns in the reasoning ni is inductive ( taking discrete data to assemble possibilities ) . ne is deductive ( comparing current data to known precepts ) . both are done in regard ... it goes away after a while - you get everything you can out of those sorts of media . the real world starts to become much more interesting - the themes you read about , you start to notice in the ... deductive vs . inductive reasoning good explanation . i'm not so good at the process , but i'll be damned if it doesn't explain nearly everything no . there's no need . hi . just another entp . look forward to it . '