' lets have another look at what you wrote : i am not a procrastinator , and like to finish my work first so that i can truly relax . this would imply that you actually prefer to do your work first ... just popping in to say that this , from your first post : contradicts : so if i think that i am better than you at chess then would you not be able to stand me ? and if you dig deep enough you'd find a cognitive function ... strange , your posts do not show up in my notifications even when you have quoted me . i might not have noticed your post if i hadn't decided to peruse the tail end of this thread again . to answer ... ok so your interest in anything , including tastes , places or other dimensions is short term , depending on what new and more interesting thing comes along . my main reason for asking these questions ... are you saying that now you would not use those words in your original quote below ? so you get very interested in things but only until something else interesting comes along ? so what did you mean by this ? my question was not so much about this exact moment , so what would your level of interest be in general . would it have the same appeal as those untasted tastes and unvisited places ? ah ... but how curious ? if you were granted this ability right now , how eager would you be to go to this other dimension ? would you be captivated , bewitched , obsessed with going to check out ... ok , lets refine this scenario a bit . you would exist and experience . i have put experience in quotes because it is like nothing that you could possibly experience in our own dimension . i don't ... you are labeling your interest in tastes and places as being s . suppose that you had a special ability to transport yourself to and from another dimension at will . in this dimension there is no ... do you suppose this says something about your personality type ... so what is more important to you in life is things that are uncertain or unknown , rather than that which is known ? what do you mean by that ? no , i've had no reason to doubt it . all the letters and functions fit perfectly . yes i'm certain that my type is intj . i found out when i did a test in a book and then read the description which seemed to match me almost perfectly . later as i learned about the functions it ... it looks like you are certain of your two main functions and you just have to decide on which is dominant . here's where my original question comes in . do you know what your criteria is to determine ... my question was about your criteria for deciding your type , while your response focuses on your criteria for learning . do you suppose that says something about your type ... you're not restricted ... if you can't decide between different types then maybe you should be asking yourself what is your criteria for deciding . you can also try reading the threads in the type subforums for the different ... this is just another example of your motivation being driven by wanting something new . you mention lots of good opportunities but you will not have any better opportunities financially since you ... that would make the typing very tough ... : happy : if you bring curiosity into the picture then you are no longer doing something because you believe it will work better , you are doing something out of curiosity . let's look at the original quote ... it seems that you are contradicting yourself here . one the one hand you say that you will only do something new when you think it will work much better , but then you say that you will do it simply ... i'm not planning on typing you but i'd just like to point something out . no a lot of people do not have their heads in the clouds . think of all the different people that you know in real life ( not ... extraversion / introversion in personality types is not the same as social introversion or extroversion . if you want to find out e vs i in terms of personality type then try identifying your dominant ... do you suppose this has something to do with your personality type ... please be more specific , what in your opinion would make the function less dominant ? this answer isn't very helpful , you haven't explained the reason . i'm also wondering if you are doubting yourself simply because i have asked the question about how confident you are in this regard , ... in the writer example the writer gets lots of ideas and writes as a hobby . here's the quote : just in case we interpret this differently ... to me the quote says that the majority of the time ... flower hat my last post does not seem to be showing up as the latest post in the thread on the main what's my personality type page , so i'm posting this in case you missed it . are you saying that as long as there is a concrete-based task which is being performed that this would indicate that ne is not the dominant function ? in the example with writing as the ... not unreasonable to ask at all . i should have clarified that you wouldn't have accepted my typing just because i say so . so i figure it's better to get you to a point where you can make the ... the title of this thread suggests that you are someone who doesn't feel deeply . but the bolded part of your quote says otherwise . maybe it would be better to clarify that for yourself first . not ... i'm trying point out tangible ways to recognize a dominant function in action , so some of your suggestions would be too abstract or are not related to that objective . yes the framework is hard to ... this is why i didn't want to just tell you that you are a certain type . descriptions such as all i know is that while the lower functions ( inferior in particular ) behave erratically and tend to ... seeing as you haven't been able to figure it out yet , i'd say that this description isn't quite enough . so lets be more specific , if you were observing someone day to day what do you think you would ... that would depend on how you think one should identify the dominant function in action . so maybe a first question to be answered is , how would you determine that a dominant function is being used by ... . introversion / extroversion in typology has to do your dominant function . it is not the same as social introversion / extroversion . if you can work out your strongest cognitive function then you will ... do you suppose this might have something to do with the personality type ... : happy : what you have posted here doesn't do anything to support your argument that he does provide background evidence when discussing his ideas . i can't go by whether what he says is abstract or concrete ... unfortunately his statements are contradictory , which is why i was pointing it out in the first place . please re-read my posts carefully . you are assuming that the op follows the same standards as you do when bringing up a new theory . when you tell your professor about a new theory of yours you are operating within a well defined set ... please read my previous posts carefully to see what i'm implying . if by ' theoretically possible ' you are saying that something ' might be possible ' but science has not yet proved it , then sure that's possible . however anyone can then make any claim and say that ... i'd just like to point out that these statements are completely contradictory . you expect others to be logical when proving something to you , but at the same time you claim that things are possible ... social introversion / extroversion does not automatically equate to introversion and extroversion in typology . so it would not be a good idea to look at how you behave socially and assume that it is ... yes , you are conclusively , definitively , one hundred percent enfp . if you are interested in doing research to confirm this for yourself then look around in the enfp sub-forums , as well as the fi and ... daenerys targaryen thanks for answering honestly . now it's time for me to make definitive conclusions . : happy : i've been asking you these questions in order to answer this question of yours : ... '