' well i reckon that we would all try to help each other and build our own colony , although it would be so disorganised as we would not allow any specific person to be in charge of everyone , and so ... yeah i constantly think this , i have never had a girlfriend because i always feel that there is too much that they don't know , and by the time people do know me better i am in the friend zone i ... this thread has put across something i have always been annoyed about as well ! i know that i am not that complex because i know for a fact that there are people around me that think about things in ... i'm just wondering what question could possibly be asked next ! ? i think that i see that acting extroverted can sometimes help people in different situations , like maybe at work , or if you are meeting someone for the first time and it may help the other person ... do you make random noises that others find funny ? no ... do you dislike misleading things ( ie . clowns , fake flowers ) ? a little do you like soft pajamas and / or blankets ? yeah do you like ... personally i am very shy and withdrawn when i meet new people and i don't put across a confident attitude at all , even in front of friends most of the time . people say that having confidence is the ... at the moment i work at mcdonalds as a shift manager , although i want to get into something associated with charity as i want my work to mean something . well i sometimes go through little periods of depression , and it's just like i feel down about myself and think that nothing really matters anymore , but that i have to go on because it is the right ... 1 . i like to play mmorpg 2 . i love science fiction 3 . i understand computers quite well 4 . i have an interest in spirituality 5 . i am inclined to be charitable and would like to work for ... the thing that i hate about feminists is that they seem to relate any issue that is seeming unrelated and turn it into a personal attack against their sex . because they feel so passionate about the ... when people are expressing their views and i don't agree with it , i do start to boil up a little bit inside because i get annoyed with their stupid uneducated viewpoint . although i am generally very ... personally i really like the mbti because it is wuite good for figuring out general characteristics about myself , and it just lets me know that maybe i am not as weird as everyone around me seems to ... i use sarcasm as a defence mechanism , although sometimes people jut don't understand that i am being sarcastic and i think that i must just come across really seriously , even though i intended to use ... i think that i could potentially enjoy casual sex , but only if the other person was okay and knew that it was just casual sex . otherwise it would make me feel guilty that maybe i hurt someone or took ... i am a manager at mcdonalds , and the only way that i keep going each day is that i just don't expect too much from my job so that i am not disheartened . i focus daily on what could be gained from ... i have done some drugs , like weed and methodrone :/ might as well be honest ! , and do occasionally take them , but only for parties and stuff , not casually at home , as that is when it could become an ... 13546 ... that failed slightly , but my camera has really low quality sorry ... i know exactly what all of you mean , eyes are by far the most beautiful thing on a girl , and probably the main attraction for me , i just love them , theres a girl at the moment that i like and the ... i found this funny as i obviously know what you mean , but sometimes i feel like i am more myself on here ... a bit random i know ! ! ! there's a girl that is beautiful . i don't know how to talk to her because i just feel so pressured by her presence ... hypest hype - chase and status i am horrible at dancing but i do it because i enjoy it ! i feel that i want to conform to what others wear so that i can feel like i fit in , even though i know that who i am doesn't fit in , although i hate clothes that have loads of symbols and logos all ... you know your an infp when you have so many feelings for others , but have no words to make them real ... when people trust you , but just don't really trust in you ... you know your an infp when your ... well at the moment i am really starting to just not care about what anyone else thinks , because at the end of the day trying to please everyone doesn't please yourself , and my life feels like it is ... i fully believe in a lot of the conspiracies that exist , i honestly do think that there are business men out there that are just striving for more power and they are the ones that are trying to pull ... i'm wondering how i can care so much about everyone and not be able to show it , and how people trust me , but they never really trust me . i'm feeling pissed off that my boss , whom is also my friend , ... nobodys perfect - jessie j i guess this is one of the things that we are all here to try and figure out , who we are , what we want to do and why we are this way . i know that i have a bit of a different view of the world ... what's she thinking ? i think a lot of types mis-type themselves , because a lot of people think of themselves as they want to act , or how they remember the situation , and they might remember their bias view of the ... i know exactly what you mean , why would other people want to know anyway , it's almost like i feel i am the opposite of emotional most of the time , because i literally never say what i'm feeling or ... basically for one of my assignments at college we needed to complete this motivation questionnaire , and i found it pretty interesting ... so ... it will be interesting to see if we are all driven by the ... i'm feeling lost about what i actually want to do in life , if i have chosen the right course to study , if i should just travel on my own and figure out myself , why the world is the way it is , why i ... i have hot chocolate ... it's really weird i have always been quite understood by my parents , they never really discourgaed my imaginative nature , it was more society that did that , and i really get along with my parents and ... - i am the one that wonders why people find it so hard to be considerate - i am the one that has so many ideas and aspirations but they all seem too great to achieve - i am the one with so many ... the facebook thing isn't a very introverted thing ! but seriously i completely get what you mean , sometimes around my friends i just want to be quiet and contemplate things , although people just ... the most attractive thing about a girl physically is her eyes , they are gorgeous . also when a girl laughs , and i mean properly laughs it is possibly one of the most beautiful things that they can do ... i'm a 2w1 , although i'm not so sure about all the aspects of 1 and think maybe i fit better as a 2w9 , but i don't really know much about the enneagram test so ... arrogance - self-importance , when they think that no-one else's point of view has any merit . selfishness - when someone will happily accept something , but when its their turn to contribute they ... don't talk down to me and try to make me feel inferior . don't try to cause an argument just for the sake of it don't tell me the way i do things is wrong simply because it's different , even ... it's really weird i'm kind of attracted to stereotypical girls reasonably often , although that girl that is a little different is so intriguing . i think i'm attracted to people that actually care ... yeah i defiantly get what you mean , i don't think it is so much that we actually absorb their pain , but i think because we have such a dominant caring side that we are just really empathetic and so ... haha i saw this on youtube like a week ago before i joined this forum , i'm one of those creepos ! but seriously i'm really not stalking you ... erm i thought that your video was actually awesome , ... i think that is is completely to do with out environment , although our parents would have a major factor in how we turn out so i suppose from that angle we would be more like our parents because they ... i get told i am a pushover quite a lot . that i am too nice . that i should be more authoritative . that i am weird lol that i am funny : unsure : that i need to sort out my spending , dunno if that is ... wow yeah i completely relate to this , i was considering this the other day , and i think because i was bullied at school that had an impact on me throughout my childhood , and that has made me into the ... i am the one that thinks there is a reason behind everything . i am the one that loves to listen . i am the one that doesn't understand why people want to hurt others . i am the one that thinks of ... '