idk man i just agree with most of his policies . i cant say theyre all something we can do realistically , especially the way america's sort of set up right now , but i think we should make progress ... idk man i just agree with most of his policies . i cant say theyre all something we can do realistically , especially the way america's sort of set up right now , but i think we should make progress ... bernie sanders as hell tbh . considering i didn't buy a ticket , extremely . mozzrelladick.tumblr.com i just reblog shitposts and sims things , nothing revolutionary . intp i forgot to put that in lol . agnostic . don't think it can be proven definitively one way or the other . for the people god helps , he exists , for the people who don't believe in him , he doesn't . like you can ascribe the reason ... so many intp girls ! this might be the first time ever . hi ! ! currently , sharks ! like idk why i just feel excited about sharks right now . theyre cool . hi sup welcome i just reintegrated myself actually like yesterday so thats fun anyway i'm also an intp hi ive been thinking about a similar kind of thing with words . like a big big net that onnects every single word with every other word it's related to with big categories and subcategories and ... mom : istj dad : xsfj me : intp younger sister : isfp eye contact makes me exceedingly uncomfortable , i can only maintain it for longer than 3 seconds with my sister when i'm telling a joke . anyone else , i focus on the space between their eyebrows so i ... my interests go all over the place . some days i like to go with sorta boyish clothes , other days i'm feeling more feminine , some days i jast want to wear a sweatshirt and jeans . depends on how i'm ... inside . i cant think of a single place i go out to without my friends / family dragging me there . that will change when i learn to drive and get a membership to a nearby aquarium and / or museum i'm a little less outwardly all-logic than most guys i see , and because women are sort of taught to be feelers and my whole family is full of them , i'm a little better at assessing other peoples ... i don't know if this is intp related , but yeah 3 or 4 - year-old me wanted to see if i could stand up in a wagon pulled by my friend at top speed . down a hill . yeah . needless to say , it did not end ... col . eve baird : estj definitely flynn : intp cassandra : entp ezekiel jones : estp stone : strikes me as an isfj jenkins : istj ? probably . intp ravenclaw wand is ebony w / phoenix feather core , 14.5 inches , hard - - what's your type ? intp how do you speak ? 1 . are your sentences short or long ? are you straight forward or avoid or divagate around the subject ? i communicate relatively clearly , but i ... people tend to say i look older , like 17-20 ( i'm 15 ) but i don't believe them , i just have a longer nose ( not in profile , but from bridge to tip straight on ) and smaller mouth . the one i'm shakiest on is my mom but it still seems pretty solid . she's definitely an isj , and i was split between t and f but f fits more than t . my sister and dad both took the test , so that's ... i can only really shout at my sister , lol . it's difficult for me to talk at a hearable volume in front of large groups or people i dont know very well . i'm usually at an average volume with my family ... this is an interesting concept . no time to look through all 200 pages to see how it works but maybe if i get a better understanding i'll do one with my isfj sister . intp , neutral good . can't say much about the others , but every other member of my immediate family is an isfj , so i've learned to deal with them pretty well . they can be pushovers and a little bit overbearing with all ... not really sure , i did a research paper on it for school a few years ago and never let go well yeah . i'm kat , 15 , intp . i like neuroscience and psychology and other stuff like that , brains are cool .