' so i am an enfp and i have just started seeing an infs , but we've had some history , pretty typical of an infp / enfp pairing . for instance once we first started talking way back when in high school , ... see yeah , i think we are wise socially , and we understand people without going on a lot . i mean , i'm basically just repeating what everyone else is saying , but personally , i'd like to think i get ... so infps , short and simple - why would you delete your social networking device ? i mean , facebook asks you the same thing when you go and try to deactivate it - and totally guilt trips you into not ... goodness , this is so true about him . there is nothing that matches him more than the bold up there . he appears so relaxed , calm and collected , in any situation , but i know that on the inside ... that's so crazy ! that totally is how i am with other nfs ! well , nfps in particular because nfjs tend to clarify what you meant for their own organization an categorization of it in their mind . i did ... that was just the most intj thing to say ever , a space whale . i'm not offended , it actually made me laugh . but i can surely tell you that this whole thing wasn't just trying to get me to send a text ... yesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyes ! finally . icarus yes . yesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyes . i mean , i'm not saying all you other brilliant folks haven't encountered a profound level of understanding of the ... whynd , what i meant up there really was that it could become an issue if he continues his self destructive behaviors really . i would never ever ever ever ever want him to change who he is . ever . i ... oh man . see i honestly have read what you all have said since i've last posted , and i guess i've been trying to work things out on my en with myself before i was gonna report back . also , i was trying ... ok so i'm getting into the bbc modernized version called sherlock , but you could easily use the rob downy jr flick for speculation as well . it perplexes me ! his conflicting personality traits could ... woah , that is a creepily accurate description of me ... you know you're an ambivert when your more than content with your hot date being taco bell and netflix on friday , but you're calling up all ... icarusdreams , you are very kind , and i appreciate that in the situation . my enfp heart is sort of confused and tangled up . see , we talk about him ( or rather , infps ) over romanticizing and idealizing ... hahah ok , space whale . i'm not gonna lie . i don't understand your response at all . i'm going to reread it , hold on ... ok i'm gonna try to respond . he ain't no ulimate hustla , i'm tryin o figure ... how much does this change the story if i add in that we were slightly drunk ? however , when we actually hooked up , we were pretty sober and clear minded ( or at least i was ... ) haha ! infp , the hipster . gahhh ! ! same with my infp ! ! see , my friend is really rather sweet , an he is such a good listener . win he's with people he doesn't know he gets quite shy but he absorbs everything . when he's around ... oh goodness , it's good to hear i'm not the only enfp with a huge fear problem . it's like a big black brick wall that stands in the way of you getting what you want . and you know , romance isn't ... fine , i'll n the enfp that agrees with you op ! it's funny , i've been told wayyyore than once that my words are quite stream of consciousness . it's the worst in class though , because i raise my ... i speaky the spanish . english is my first language , but i studied abroad in oaxaca , mexico for a half a year , and it's my major in college :) it's starting to fade though with lack of use ! anyone ... it's funny because at first it seems riocous that there is a certain look that an enfp has , but after reading through all these , it can't be coincidence ... can it ? i mean , i'm tall , blonde , freckly , ... wow , i can relate completely with you ! even just the fact that i haven't joined a forum since i was 14 ! haha ! well anyhow , i quite agree that sometimes i really just don't feel like i have anyone to ... cynicallynaive , ok , i can gather that having a one night stand is not typical for him , an that he struggled with it perhaps more than i thought he did - i have excepted that into my realm of ... cynicallynaive , i tend to believe the general consensus throughout this thread has been that he is closing himself off from me because i hurt him by not making it clear that we wanted more than just ... be an istj . or an entj . correct them . tell them how blonde they are , insult their intelligence , that sort of thing . tell an enfp they don't care after that enfp just spent months and ... ok so i'm an enfp , bit his definitely sounds like me ... ! like ... to a tee ! i wonder sometimes about my e ... anyhow , i like what someone up there said about logic . i try that but then it causes me to ... ok why is that btw ? i'm an enfp , bit have the hugest conflicts with my istjs , wheras my infp friend never has anything negative to say about same istj friend . it seems like sharing an nfp would make ... awww man . honestly this thread has ( not because i personally let what other people say over the internet really get to me ) causes quite a rollercoaster of emotions about the situation . the situation ... oh god ( haha ) , do i love this quote . i have another , i'm an atheist , thank god . - luis bunuel . for me , i can't stomach a god existing . it doesn't make sense that we would have one , and someone ... * 1 ) did he really understand you like no one else has ? i wouldn't say he understood me better than anyone else has , but i would say that we had a crazy weird instant connection . i would also say ... is that supposed to mean that you don't like the way that i'm going about this problem or something ? i didn't start this thread with the intention of trying to please you - although i appreciate ... see , i don't really think anyone likes to disappoint people , but i honestly think some people don't even think about it at all . and a lot of people don't even think about how they are disappointed ... in my opinion , it is very possible to have a friend of the opposite sex that you don't have romantic feelings for . i have a best guy friend at college that i hang out wih all the time , alone or with ... oh god . i feel awful now , seriously . i never ever ever thought in a million years he actually was interested in my romantically all those years ... i mean , i was quite attracted to him , and was very ... oh no . i don't like this , because i didn't bring anything up after our hookup because i was afraid he didn't feel the same way , so i was waiting for him to say something about it ! when he didn't ... it's good you mention that , icarusdreams , because i know i did all i could to be nice and kind , and to try to impede on any non-talking that was going on between us . i really can only just live my ... i am just as excited to meet other enfps , and i've also realized that i haven't met many ( if any at all ) in real life ! maybe it's harder for us to type people that are most like us though , so maybe ... youpullmethroightime , i am very aggravated because i just wrote a really long response and somehow my computer lost it :( ( ( but i will attempt to remember what i said ! basically i have given some ... i think what you're saying is very true . i had sort of already decided that i would move on , and give him space . i am so not one to be naggy , and i hate seeming like i'm being pushy or whatever . i ... i am going to attempt to reply to this , and perhaps process it at the same time . averseaffects , you made me admit to myself that what we had wasn't really even a close friendship in the way i would ... so my infp friend told me that his biggest fear on the planet is of disappointing people . i mean , he has a history of his parents never being quite proud of him , but would you say as infps , this is a ... haha thanks :) i agree , it causes me too much pain and worry , bit for some reason i still believe in him an care about him , and believe that someone out there should care for him , because he ... ok , so i'm thinking it's more of a mixture of one and two - btw , holy crap it's like you've pinpointed him exacty ! ! he often gets so moody and deletes his facebook , then creates a new one , then ... hey guys , i'm a female enfp , and my friend is an infp , and where i usually would feel like i understand him ( with our core nfp , we have a wierd connection that i've always felt , even before this ... and it blows because i feel like enfps just wanna love sooo bad . we have such a capacity for it . we are just so able to quickly fall in love over and over , all the time . but we don't want ... sometimes i worry like an enfj though , i swear ! ( btw , not anywhere close to a j ) . i mean , i guess enfps just want to love so muh , and we make up fantasies , an like the infp have rose covered ... well howdy neighbors ! how interesting to meet others like me ( not just alike because of our similar thought patterns , fellow enfps ) bit people who like to learn about themselves and others . this ... it does feel good to know i'm not alone , and that i don't have to live to a certain expectaopn of what an enfp should be , because then i don't feel like i fit anywhere . i guess i just fear rejection ... i so completely know how you feel ! i mean sometimes i wonder if i am an infp just because i am rather shy sometimes in social situations and i spend a lot of time b myself reflectig and writing awful ... oh my god i get that alll the time ! or people tell me i should just think a little before i talk . i don't see why people think we're so stupid at first . it's really rather mean :( being a natural ... stream of consciousness , is the best way to describe you what ? ? ? i can't tell when you're drunk or not . at first i didn't understand you at all . but then somehow i did , and i've concluded ... '