' too much perfection until i agree the ideal is someone that doesnt exist . :( i have reduce my criteria : same religion , smart , beautiful , not too short ( for asian women ) . still hard to find dear infj-ers , for some reason i feel that my working environment politic situation is going very bad and i am afraid this lead me to unobjective action that seem destructive . we all know , we ... i talk to social media like path , and often i dont really care what people ( inner circle ) friend really thinks about me . for me , i would take the chance if and only if that person give me that kind of rewards , it is your best friend right . beside that i am no worry if i wouldnt have that rewards . i feel uncompetent to answer your question but , i agree with above uxdork said you are not hurting people . dear esfp girl , i know you broke the relationship with me because you can not catch every detail of what i want that quality from you . best regards , your ex boyfriend . dear all , i think i have less any courage to open email or text message that possibly contain conflict . hahaha ... why oh why superb . i also thinking to be an entrepreneur and be free from lick ass office politic . above is my answer . if i should say good morning or evening when meeting someone . try listen to http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8wzoy_LXPA4 its not type of my music . in english the song title mean : it hurts there #lol can you explain yourself ( in the job interview ) this topic is just the same that happen with me , i am not very proactive to find promotion and advancement . lets find another elsewhere ... and perhaps while waiting on that i can advance my hobby if refer to the mbti , then enfp should be included as one of the best match for infj . damn its true , for non infj they dont tend to get our sentimental attitude . only infj can understand other infj very well . do you think infj can missed someone ? what kind of someone that we will missed so much ? lately i dont missed someone , except someone that already died . but living people i dont missed that ... lol , so many thanks to those who share their situation that trigger the anger ... the same condition with me . just get annoy when everyone really know what annoy me . just watched annabelle in movie . quiet good , not too scary . nice the infj : 1 ) waiting for the right moment 2 ) not showing his true feeling ( lying ) 3 ) he has something in his mind ( can't do multitask with romance ) can you post your eyebrow picture ? perhaps i can analyze a little very nice thread ... as a sensitive personality type i think infj must test people in any kind of situation where we actually dont know what is really happen . drink tea in some caffe maybe i think infp would be good . but now i am with esfp , a little bit so - so ... only respect based ... wow , that is good technic 1 . lately i try to hard to get for another job , eventhough people said my current job is already good . 2 . i awlays try to improve myself by learning everything , but i often also forget everything ... so , lucky , your partner have the n and p thing ... eventhough extravert :) success for you ! 1 . i have master degree in management information system and bachelor degree in computer science . 2 . for both of that degree , i think my intuitive or n function really help me during my study there ... watching movies in cinema , going to the beach , running , eating , sleeping ... i think we as infj are over analytical to ourself hahaha dear istp bossess , i know you want me to finish the report , but i can not get the data complete and perfectly meet my standard so i wont finish it easy hahahaha . your infj staff . dear infj-ers can you click some thank in my current post , i just need that right now . #veryrandom have you visit potato head in bali , i think that kind of ambience . yeah , the lighting is probably dim . lot of white space between seat , comfy seat , good music / song , it should be wifi area and lots of place to charge your gadget ... i would like to try to talk to ... some people include my mother sometimes tell that i am cold #lol ... i think i can refer it to this link look stupid , but i see from their eyebrow ... for infj are very clear . for sensor also quiet clear . other must be digg deep and try to talk with them and then we can decide the p and n thing . i can not define love . haha i might be never succeed in a relationship with s ( sensing ) girl . i am building up my theory about eyebrow and infj by seeing all infj picture , hahaha this is basically what we are , infj where most people are extrovert and sensing people that dont really understand us . i want her to understand me which is quiet difficult for esfp to understand infj totally . i want deep connection of sharing thought and idea and i want her to accompany me to interesting place in the ... i have tell people to resign from their current job because the company they currently working is kind of no future . can you post your face ? especially near your eye , eyebrow . i can analyze through that . i think relationship with esfp sometime good and sometime confusing for esfp to understand me ( infj ) . i have lots of standard that i have been applied during my life until now , when esfp person can not truly understand you . cio may be , because right now i'm working in it my mother didnt try to understand me , it just because she is is or es people and may be also p people . my father didnt care bout me , whereas my other sister and brother . before i look for another answer , i want to try some answer to you . yes , suicide is currently wrong . why ? who decide you are live or not must be something with bigger power than you are ( i call it ... only from facial expression , i think tim cook is not infj i dont know , perhaps samsung galaxy tab s , resign from current job and get another job . '