' oh i've been there quite a lot of times ... and i believe i have learned my lesson . always , always , always trust my gut . that intuitive sense we possess is quite like a prediction system . we think ... it's quite the same about problems we may face in our lives ... if we can't fix them right then and there , we tend to place them aside . yes , the problem is still there ... but , unlike other types , we ... well , to be honest , it's a goal to gain knowledge in every area we study . the more we know , the better we understand and the better we feel about what we're studying ... thing is , once we know all we ... you know what really bothers me ? when people live with you and realize you work different schedules than they do , yet they bitch and moan because i stay up late when i am off of work . and how i eat ... this would have to be the reason why i flock to cats as well , and dogs are just too much for me . although , i am an animal person . i've had cats , and dogs , that have come up to me when they don't ... it's honestly the question we seek anyway . no matter what is told to us , we end up doing our own research . and based on this said research can give us more questions , and more questions . because the ... i've been playing a great deal of skyrim lately . gta is always fun to , but rarely do i do the missions . i'm beginning to see that i love open-world games , where i can do what i want without too many ... you know , the only time i ever come out of my introspection , it seems , is when i am interested in a topic of discussion or if someone breaks my attention in general . i seem to flow with conversation ... now i am quite curious ... as to how a folder full of pictures on my pc has completely disappeared ... oh , that's right . i installed an xp performance edition on here and didn't back them up . : shocked : nice pink floyd shirt by the way . great band . my mind still gets off to the melodic tones of their wonderful music . you listen to tool ? same thing , i love it . wow i'm sorry ... this is quite a discussion on the intp dating forum hmm ? well , someone planning on dating an intp ... take note of this lol i can say one thing , in all honesty , something i have realized over time ... we , as a race , need control . without it , we would be lost , wouldn't we ? but , we're afraid of this control we need . whether ... well , i really hope things keep going on the right path at the pace they are . things really need to change on this planet ... changes that one or a few thosand can't do , it's global . we're killing our ... see , that's what i am talking about . i see the aspects of nature , and how when things become too crowded , animals fight more between themselves . as food becomes scarce , they won't care about a ... that's just amazing . that's exactly how i would describe it ... we just see through the bullshit . we're also quite the minimalist ( unless that's a 9w1 trait ) . i find that as long as i have a computer ... i can one hundred percent agree with this . i see this exact thing with almost everyone i share a conversation with . they either do not have an opinion about it , which should be expected considering ... i know a place ... xbox live lol ! my gamertag is stoopidmunky 11 . but i will tell you , you'll more than likely find me on skyrim , i don't like to play call of duty all day long like some people * shakes ... i have a confession to make ... i think i might be a sex addict . i have a major problem with watching porn , then i walk around and look at women , and realize i have x-ray vision , able to picture what ... i understand that all too well . being a jack of all trades does have it's benefits in regular life , but in a career , it is sometimes necessary to concentrate on one skill , unless this said career ... i am beginning to see exactly what you're speaking of . i've discovered myself , and thus , have discovered many other different things because of it . interests that i had not once had , thoughts i had ... i'm beginning to think i do jobs like these because they're so easy . it doesn't use any of my brain power whatsoever , giving me shit tons of time to think about other , more important things going on ... i've done a lot of work in fast food ... mostly because money issues have made it nearly impossible to continue my education . just quit my job at checkers though , because it was beginning to be ran ... well , i'm 27 . i can tell you , my studies are quite random . i do most things on a whim , as i'm sure most intps do . something will catch my attention or interest , and i'll play around with it for a ... 1 . i work ( or can i say worked now ? i quit about an hour ago ... ) at a checkers drive-in . 2 . i seem to do well at what i do , even as tedious and repetitive it actually is . every day is exactly the ... all of you have some excellent points . i can say my mind does do a bit of overthinking when she is talking to me about something . and that map making sounds exactly like what she does when i talk ... i'm a male intp with an isfj . when it comes to conversing , we seem to do alright , until one of us misunderstands the other , which happens more often than not . one of us is affected by the others ... i've even delved into rpg maker type games ... to give games my own feel . why not make an rpg where your main goal is to score tickets to e3 ? lol i tend to gravitate more to the rpg , fps , strategy , and simulations ... give me something i have complete control over and i play it for hours the sim games ( sim city , the sims ) and i can do so many ... i got the dark rogue ... it fits perfectly too . i'm usually a drow rogue , thief , or necromancer in most rpgs i play . oh man , how many times this has happened to me ... thus the reason why i don't hang out with more than 2-3 people at a time . i am never heard , no matter how loud or how many times i say it ... i guess ... haha ! just about ! oh man , do i have to agree with you here ... i get the zoned out look all the time when i start talking theories , or just anything sometimes . i guess it's because we talk to fast for people to keep ... heh , yeah because you're thinking it the whole time ... are you done yet ? geez you damn complainer ! lol yeah , at least i have the choice to adapt to whoever i chose to do so with . it's really taxing to try to emulate what they are so they can better understand where you're coming from ... they should ... sometimes , that's the best thing to do ... they'll leave eventually , when they're done and realize it was of no importance to you whatsoever oh yeah , i've been there before ... it's because they know you'd listen , but won't judge them for having an outburst . they know also that you'll throw some solutions in there if you do speak , although ... ... they are completely misunderstood by the majority of people they know ? like you have to be a chameleon and adapt to how they are to somehow fit in , or be viewed as just weird ? and when someone ... i am with you 100 % ... damn feeler types and their need for their type of romance ... i happen to be romantic , like the kiss at the top of the highest building in the city while the sun is setting kind ... haha rocks ! that's awesome ! hey , at least they exist . i happen to just talk to mid-air , on many occasions ... that's how i solve a majority of my problems lol ! i know i won't talk to anyone i ... why , thank you :D i don't believe we will be able to escape the incompetence though . wherever you turn , there is always someone doing something that just annoys the piss out of you . like why the ... yeah , i think the incompetence of the whole ordeal is what pisses me off the most . i don't think ( unless they're vindictive ) they're doing it on purpose ... but you're right , there is no reason and no ... http://a4.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-ash4/384869_194698093958351_10002544854580_384886_925405712_n.jpg random i think myself and flirting come off the wrong way most of the time . when i am trying to be nice , making comments like oh , your eyes are bright today , nice or that dress looks amazing on you , i ... exactly ! i burn up inside , and leave it alone ... i'd rather not let them get me hot because , in all honesty , is it really worth it ? i think they do it on purpose sometimes . http://a4.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-ash4/405895_194694847292009_10002544854580_384873_125637860_n.jpg messing around ... ... if she's upset about something , instead of being able to console her , i end up giving a solution ... it's like a damn curse ! how do you get passed the constant need to fix everything ? she has a problem and is mad about something , i have to give her a solution to fix the problem . she doesn't like that because mostly she ... see i have a problem with people ... i don't like most of them , if not a huge majority of them , simply because they don't understand even simple things sometimes ... but for some reason , i feel i must be ... being an intp , i love video games , especially anything that let's me do whatever i want in an open-world . games like the elder scrolls , fallout , gta , fable ... i love games that have the world changing ... random thought of the day : is it truly possible to have matrix-style learning like scientists are currently researching ? and how would it work ... and where would i sign up for the test trials ? lol '