' haha ! my entj dad acts like he can read me perfectly ... in reality he doesn't understand me at all . i think i can read him like a book too , but maybe i'm just as wrong as he is . hmm ... i love ... i would say the same of my dad . i think some of his biggest strengths are some of my biggest weaknesses and vice versa . so i try not to just throw out everything he says , but that's hard when i feel ... absolutely ! he's got terrible temper , which i inherited unfortunately though not to as great an extent and i don't get angry as easily . ( but when i do get angry ... watch out ! : wink :) . it's interesting ... wow ! i'm glad to discover i'm not alone . i just got off the phone with my entj dad ( we had a heated , draining discussion about how he thought i was making bad choices about the music i chose to ... out of curiosity , how do all you entjs feel about infjs ? have you had any very positive or negative relationships with an infj ? by all means , please share ! : wink : you know it ! ! : wink : haha ! well , i wear whatever i like . i'll be honest and say that i'm good at coming up with unique cute outfits that i like to wear that most people wouldn't , but i'm terrible with knowing what i'm supposed ... i got rluai too and thought the same thing ! lol . thank you so much for both of your insights ! i'll definitely take what you have to say into consideration . i found it interesting that both of you said you saw ti in there . i've ... oldmanrivers what i don't understand is , what is the point of having personality types to begin with then ? it would just make sense to have a cognitive function test of sorts and determine which ... hmm ... might be fi but as far as si goes , i don't think so . the whole idea of holding onto an aquired belief sentimentally is not at all like me . if i listened to her it would be because i didn't have ... i like the idea about writing down gift ideas as they come . i have a terrible memory for stuff like this and i am absolutely not a gifts person . words of affirmation is the most important to me . and ... alright , so my aunt ( who claims to be an isfp though i don't think she actually knows much about the theory , she just took a test ) has this really defiant dog who thinks she's the boss . my mom ... this was very helpful , thanks ! ! so as i was reading the descriptions on these links , i decided to listen to my gut responses to each of these definitions instead of just trying to analyze it all the ... so i agree with not letting these things control your life . and you are who you are regardless of a type description . but i guess where i get frustrated is if i'm going to describe my own behavior ... there's no way i skipped it . i definitely read the whole thing . it's just a lot of information at once and hard to determine what i am for each of the functions right now . i tend to take in ... thanks for your help ! i really relate to seeing things in relation to what you can see inside your internal storehouse . if it's possible , could you elaborate a little more on this ? what would be ... i was describing the way i felt a few years ago when i had to decide my type in a day before i knew anything about type . i absolutely agree . thanks ! i appreciate your feedback ! pretty sure i am the iei personality . is that equivalent to infp or infj . cause i know it says it uses ni and fe but it says infp in parenthesis next to it . i saw that video a while ago . after rewatching it , i'm pretty sure i use ni . i really don't have a wide range of interests . i would prefer a few well-developed interests . i think ... haha . the problem ... i've answered some questions about myself in hopes of getting some help in discovering my type . help ? i've researched typeage , function descriptions etc ... i have a pretty good idea i'm one of two ... well , the first time i ever took the test , i scored equally between intj , intp , infj , and infp . my teacher quickly , with about two seconds of thought , decided i was an infp . she didn't really seem ... do you have a link ? so i looked at the other comments and thought , holy cow ! this really is dominated by infps ! ! and then i looked at where the thread was located and thought ... no duh ! ... i guess infps really don't ... true . thank you ! however , i think that even the people who created the definitions of the functions also created personality descriptions . :) wow ! i swear what you just wrote describes me a million times better than any of the descriptions ever did ! most of the time people don't take me seriously when i at some time try to express to them ... i usually feel that i'm either way better than people or way worse than people . mostly like i'm way worse . i can never seem to find that middle ground feeling like i'm no better or worse than anyone ... thanks ! :) i appreciate the encouragement ! i agree . come to think of it , i actually kinda like that about most infps . they're kinda timid but when they think something's important they'll stand up for it . hmm ... maybe i'm not so bad after ... i am kind of confused . i tried looking those archetypes up . aren't they guys ' archetypes ? i don't really like working in groups . i love brainstorming with groups ( if i'm not too shy ! ! ! ) , but working with them ... i dread it ! i have a vision in my head of what the perfect final project ... isn't that such an ironic feeling ? i do the same thing ! this morning i woke up and remembered i had forgotten to buy more toothpaste and i need to brush my teeth so i thought to myself , hmm . what can i do to improvise ? i could get a piece of mint gum and ... hey fellow infps . maybe i'm just an oddball , but when i first studied personality types , i thought i wasn't an infp because the descriptions i read seemed to portray the type as too nice and ... yes it is ! ! lol ! these are things that annoy both of my parents ( my mom is an infj ) . a lot of the time i don't necessarily refuse to explain why something would work better i just don't know ... yes ! thank you for all these descriptions ! so very helpful ! ! exactly ! why do more people not understand this fact ? ( eg . my ni parents who know nothing about personality theory . ) ... thor odinson aw ! brotherly love . ;) i love that ! ! it awakens the gushy emotions of my infpishness . thanks for sharing ! i've never actually been close to any isfp or infp . i feel like i'm missing ... ah yes . it's been the opposite in my family . my little sister is the only extrovert and is always looking around the house for someone to play with her 24/7 . she never gets tired of being with people ... hmm ... two syblings with the same personality type ... i wonder how common that is . it hasn't seemed very common so far . interesting ! :) just out of curiosity , do you and your brother get along well ? i've never really been close to an isfp ( that i know of ) so i'm kinda curious . haha ! wow ! that's really cool ! and i think that's funny because i was reading a couple threads in which intps said they couldn't stand infps ' fi . but i personally have never met an intp that i didn't ... yes , i totally understand that ! i find it very difficult to communicate with isfjs as well ( including my isfj brother ) . i feel that i can relate the most to my intp brother . the way we think and ... that is really interesting ! thanks for your response ! i also think it's interesting that you all have different primary ways of taking in information : mum : se dad : si you : ni brother : ne i don't know if this topic has been brought up yet , but i was wondering whether there are any patterns between parent personality type and child personality type . what are your parents ' personality ... well , i'm a pretty sensitive person but usually only to what people say to me . not much else really hurts me . ( for example , i made plans with a friend to meet me somewhere in the morning , but their ... not all infps are like this and these traits aren't exclusive to infps . sounds like you're worshiping yourself . infps are not love incarnate . they usually have more natural tendencies toward loving ... lol . i'm a naturally hairy person ( it's in my cuban blood . what can i say ? ) . but i live in the u . s . and shaving is considered part of personal hygiene here so i usually don't let my leg hair grow ... this is exactly why i can never discuss anything with my dad ( an intj though he rejects personality theory as uninteresting and unnessesary ) ! ! ! he doesn't understand discussing things . he only ... i'm infp and i don't completely relate to any of these . not relating always makes me think i'm an alien from outerspace or something . i relate to infp descriptions more than other descriptions but i ... story of my life ! ! '