' i was majoring in history , but decided that it was too much like political science the way they were teaching it . so i switched over to art history , because it involved more personal stories about ... i'd say any of my books on the mystics like st . hildegard , or st . teresa of avila , or st . joan of arc . catholic mysticism in general is uplifting to me . and stories of near death experiences , and ... ya , i'm in a similar rut right now too ... my mind doesn't shut up , and i'm constantly anxious and depressed because of it . i love to interpret dreams , in a psychological way , so much fun . since getting interested in dream interpreting , i can remember my dreams better . sometimes though i just can't figure them out no ... i get along well with my mom , she's enfp . the rest in my family are isfj , istp , enfp , and enfp . we seem to have alot of enfp's in my family lol i know how you feel , my dad's the same way . he thinks that i'm not practical enough , and that i never get things done the way he wants them done . he is the most difficult person in the world to ... entj / estj i feel are the hardest to deal with . they talk to you like you're 10 years old , even when you are the same age as them . they are bossy , mean , and narcissistic . isfj's have their good and ... i've noticed this too , i always feel like people who don't know me are afraid of me for some reason . and i haven't done anything ! is it just the aura we give off or something ? ? ? i've been told that ... * sigh * i wanna meet another infp :/ it would be so cool to find someone just like me . i spot every personality type but my own , strange .. yes , i love adam young :) i have a pandora station dedicated to him lol i ignore people i've known if i feel they have betrayed me in some way . also , if i feel they have no real interest in being my friend , i just move on and don't bother talking with them anymore . it's ... people always think i'm like 12 years old :/ ( i'm in my 20 ' s ) i've always been melancholic to a degree . i tend to get depressed and anxious very easily . i think my issue is my anxiety more than anything though , my nerves almost always seem to be a jumbled mess ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Euj9f3gdyM mines pretty low .. i've always felt like i was worth less than others . having adult acne and men who've used me doesn't help either : sad : it really brings down my feelings of self-worth and leads to ... i've been in sort of a mystical mood lately lol so i put st . hildegard as my background http://www.campuscircle.com/Film/images/115248.jpg critical / judgmental people , people who talk too much , hypocrites , liars , manipulators , those with huge egos and shallow people as well . also , can't stand it when others think that i'm snobby , or that ... i honestly don't trust doctors , had too many bad experiences . i think that they just push drugs on us most of the time b / c they've been brainwashed too , and because it makes them money . * rolls eyes * ... i can't forget you when you're gone . you're like a song that goes around in my head . and how i regret it's been so long . oh , what went wrong ? could it be something i said ? time , make it ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6rndltmm3oE had coffee with a new friend , who i suspect is an infp like me : happy : a rare find lol i don't know , i felt kind of strange after seeing it ... i like psychological thrillers , so that part of it was really cool .. i also liked the ballet stuff , but some scenes i could really have done ... ya , i've got plenty of psychological issues : sad : but i suffer mostly from an anxiety disorder and depression . i hate it , makes me feel like a crazy person sometimes ... i just want to be normal with ... estjs are the worst :d ry : worked with someone who i suspect was an estj , and she was extremely bossy and mean . she would also be very critical of everyone around her and if i ever messed something up ... liars , hypocrites , shallow people , manipulators , and people who think they're god's gift to the world : angry : 21 in march ! woot ! : laughing : i'm quite religious i'd say , i come from a background of devout catholics . i pray frequently and go to mass every sunday , i don't know what i'd do without my faith honestly , it's what keeps me going ... the extent of my anime knowledge is miyazaki and sailor moon lol , and that's about it . tired , tired about having to deal with my rude / hypocritical roommate , tired of school in general , tired of being alone , and tired of being around ppl who just don't seem to like me for whatever ... yeah , i tend to feel like college is a prison too . i get terrible loneliness , and having sucky roommates doesn't help ... can't wait to get out of here and get on with my life honestly . procrastination , being late for everything especially my classes , and having a tendency to isolate myself i know exactly how you feel . i have been mourning the loss of an ex for 10 months now . i finally think my mind is accepting that he's gone though , which is a relief , because i was getting tired of ... i hate being single . all i can think about is how everyone around me seems to be in a relationship , and i have no one ... i want to be loved and cared about more than anything , and i want to love ... my dad's an isfj and my mom's an infp and they've been together for 23 years . so ya , it can work :p roud : really really really really really pissed off : angry : i'd be living in a quaint tuscan villa or in a cottage on a cliff by the sea . there i'd paint and write poetry and take long walks outside in the fresh air . :p roud : yep , that'd be the life my dad is isfj , mom is infp , one of my sisters i think is an isfp but not sure , then the other one is possibly either e / infp . my brother though is most deffinitely enfp , everyone loves him , he's ... i'm feeling depressed , anxious , confused , sad and lonely : unsure : http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_s-UMvjWHpeA/Ruht0FWFo6I/AAAC0/sGgejo39trg/s1600-h/Skeleton+Praying+LR.jpg http://photo.net/photodb/photo?photo_id=4694222&size=lg 3 of my cousins are infjs and two of them can be pretty uptight . the two uptight ones don't like to show their feelings too much and they can be overly polite which is a bit annoying . but i still ... mine's sally's song from nightmare before christmas :p roud : i'd want to be entj , i've met a few and i admire their ability to get things done , to speak their mind without caring what others think and to debate issues so easily . but i'll admit they can be real ... i know exactly how you feel , i've suffered from depression ever since i was a little kid . for the past 8 months my depression has been more severe ... a lot of it has to do with a guy who broke my ... 1 . listen to music really loudly and dance around lol 2 . read 3 . research stuff i'm interested in online 4 . take a walk while listening to my ipod 5 . daydream while swinging on the swings at the ... http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_l61ul06cYU1qcy9uko1_500.jpg http://www.thewallpapers.org/wallpapers/17/1743/thumb/600_mystical-scene.jpg people who think they're god's gift to the world , people who manipulate others , hypocrites and liars : angry : these days i'm listening to kate nash , arcade fire , mgmt , nirvana , lenka , and enya : happy : my best friend is an istj and she and i seem to share the same sense of humor . plus i always have a ton of fun with her , she's not spontaneous like i tend to be when it comes to making plans and ... chya , i've definitely heard that one before i get called things like shy , snobby , weird , hypersensitive / over-emotional , bipolar : frustrating : but i'm also told that i'm kind , gentle , compassionate , understanding , fun to be around and ... '