' isn't that description just too accurate to handle ? honestly , i think a lot of what strains intj-entp relationships is passive aggression . the dynamic doesn't often get marked at such , but i've ... i think that while entps are good at theatricality , we tend to be shallow actors . there are probably plenty of exceptions , but the trend seems to be that all entps in hollywood gravitate to ... eh , just be an optimistic pessimist . things are undoubtedly fucked up , but you'll always be ok if you just let yourself see the comedy in tragedy . i typically don't find new shows , i just revisit shows i already know i like . my old favorites are : monk ( 2002-2009 ) monk ( tv series ) - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia touching series about ... a wise younger airbender named aang once said , the monks used to say that revenge is like a two-headed rat-viper . while you watch your enemy go down , you're being poisoned yourself . as i look around my room , i see : storage boxes filled with sentimental objects i need to either dispose of or sale ; books in various places ; wall decorations that feature jonas salk , harry potter , ... this forum is more user friendly that most , if not all , forums i've been on . not saying it's perfect , but it's not too bad . the way i see it , people who seem themselves as percentages don't fully understand the theory ( not to say that i do ) . all entps will have some estp tendencies . i'd rather be an estp , i think . reciprocation i don't really consider myself an ambivert but i tend to be happier when i'm alone , despite being an extrovert . it'd odd . i'm an entp . i love learning foreign languages but have little follow through if i'm not in a formal classroom setting . i speak a decent amount of spanish , a tiny bit of japanese , even less ... i don't really have any questions , i'd just like to say that this thread makes you a new addition to my list of favorite people on pc . i'd agree and say entp purely on the basis of relating to everything you've said . elaboration on my behalf seems pointless , as the others have done a fabulous job of it . i let people underestimate me , then when they're least expecting it , i punch them in the face with my accomplishments . lol jk i've done nothing important with my life . but in theory , this is what ... i like using facebook . sister's a military wife with five kids that i only get to see once a year , so i get a lot of enjoyment out of seeing photos of the kids . she posts some stupid stuff , but i ... thank you for your feedback . you know , i did originally think that way , but now i feel significantly detached from those fears . it wasn't as much a relationship problem as it ... 5 on english literature / composition , 4 on psychology ( self-study ) school quality is so-so . receiving a 4/5 isn't the standard for any test , but it's not incredibly unusual . most kids end up with a ... i agree with you to an extent , but there is a pretty fatal flaw in your reasoning ; you assume that the poor understand what they're doing . the wealthy , well-educated and trained to act in their ... nice poem ! i like the biting undercurrent . my mother raised my three siblings and i on welfare while dealing with my alcoholic father . she decided she wanted a better life for us , so she worked ... i love having a clean room , but ... i won't pretend that happens often . thank you , series 0 . i thought i was setting myself up for general responses , but your advice is actually quite accurate and applicable . even though i didn't initially see it in this light , i think ... before you complain that there is another relationship thread , i'll just come out and apologize for that right off the bat . i'm clearly pretty desperate if i'm willing to seek advice from a group of ... i mean , perhaps it could be argued that atheism becomes a religion to some people ; religion doesn't have to be an organized faith , it can really be any principle that one is devout to . but atheism , ... this does hold some validity , but not with the light you're trying to shine on it . gays are the only minority in america who still face quasi-justified systematic oppression , why wouldn't they feel a ... this thread is a glowing example of why religious debates are fucking retarded . i'll proudly profess my beliefs and gladly allow you to do the same ; that is , of course , until your shit beliefs ... but if all of the reasonable people left america , the crazies would be the ones in control of the most powerful country on earth . oh wait . ;) be fair . it's probably more to do with objectivity vs . subjectivity than simpleness vs . complexity . i mean , who is willing to argue against relative importance ? obviously , there is no universal standard for such a thing . i kind of think more along the lines of tearing down oppressive , ... lol no . where do you even live ? heaven ? i'm from a really small , really conservative suburb on the bible belt in texas . i don't feel effectively oppressed ( this is still america ) , but i do feel ... what ? we can't even quantify the universe , much less understand it . neuroscience is , undoubtedly , one of the most multifaceted and fascinating fields , but i find it funny that humans are so quick to ... not sure if anyone has brought this up yet , but i'm too lazy to look . sorry if i'm being a repetitive biotch ! this is a pretty fascinating study : love , eye contact and the developmental origins ... yeah , i mean , anyone who tells you they've never felt sexually attracted to someone of the same sex is probably lying . i'm personally not driven to have sex / relationships with women , but i'm sure my ... because humanity , on a larger scale , is fucking cool . the accomplishments we can make as a society are truly inspiring . on a personal level , i adore people and our worthless little societal ... it really is an interesting phenomena , isn't it ? i'd rather not be simpleminded about it , but my instinct tells me that people are uncomfortable with their own desires . bisexuality kind of ... why ? because they're insecure in their own thoughts ; they need to rely on scriptures that they believe to be inherently true . did i touch a sore spot ? people are clearly not proud of the fact that they don't believe in god ; theist aren't proud of believing in god either . the pride is in the implications of the belief , ... ignorance breeds contentment with mediocrity . the very premise of this post is simply obnoxious and unnecessary . the better question is : why is anyone proud of anything ? i can say for myself that the closest i am to being proud of anything ... example : my oldest sister's name is darla jean . they all have very southern sounding names . ha ! that reminds me of the fact that my friend's cousin is named moonshine . i dunno . i'm the only sibling without a white-trash name and i'm probably going to be the most successful . i'm always paranoid about sharing my name on the internet because it's quite an uncommon ... truer words have never been spoken . an isfp once developed a really strong crush on me . honestly , i had momentary considerations of dating him , but then he would be mopey and sweet and just ... i think i speak for all entps when i say , we're not a people with the tolerance to respect authority . i'll take my cues from someone who has proven themselves worthy of being followed , but ... yeah . those bitches be cray . naturally , i'll have to preface my two cents with : it will always depend on the person . but on the whole , this is not a combination i prefer . there's a pretty strong ... i refuse to speak for all entp women , but i'm personally rather simpleminded when it comes to romance . whether the occasion be a formal dinner or a beer pong tournament , there is no fiber of my being ... took the sat again and improved my results : critical reading : 730 mathematics : 570 writing : 750 ( with a perfect 12 on the essay ! ) total : 2050 not perfect , but at least they went up . 1 ) the first thing that comes in your mind - shoes . 2 ) the first person that comes in your mind - boyfriend . 3 ) what do you actually like doing ? - eating . 4 ) what are your favorite types to ... if you intjs want another type to gauge your results against , i'm an entp and i got 12/20 . pretty average ? rather like others who posted , i abhor bullies , but i'm one of the biggest teasers i know . i'm kind of like a protective mama bear and an obnoxious older brother all rolled into one . my boyfriend ... your proposal is difficult to comprehend . are you suggesting that you take on a persona when trying to intuitively explain things ? my enfp mother thinks i'm occasionally heartless . my intj friend thinks i'm too sympathetic . it's all a matter of perspective . '