' i can't share my existential crisis with my so because she takes my happiness status personally . i knew she was the jealous type but i had no it'd be this bad . the practical elements of our ... sort of an existential crisis : there are no circumstances that justify the struggle to bring them about . seems like just a downer phrase uttered by someone depressed , viewing the world through a ... atamagasuita you're right but some food for thought : proof of anything being real in the physical world has always required multiple levels of analysis . taste and smell take chemical samples , ... about dr . jp specifically , he casually uses dark satire that is easily misinterpreted as intolerant , and often makes no effort to soften clinical references . especially for neurotic types , being ... i've identified as liberal for a long time and absorbing the content of jp's lectures has been trying ( at least ) but always stimulating , and pretty educational . i'm conflicted and fearful that ... mender i'd like to add to that something i heard a psychologist mention : jungian psychology falls flat on non-creative types ; it's not in their language and isn't effective as a tool in therapy with ... i haven't had many lucid dreams , but last night i had one and a pattern is emerging that i'm going to try to modify ... telling someone near me that we are in a dream . last night , upon becoming ... i can't see how any path i can take doesn't ultimately lead to more misery . the journey is not it's own fucking reward for me and i've tried for a long time to find some way to create just one ... paladinroland you allude to many concepts , one that interests me most is sampling : fluctuations in pitch and volume recorded as variance in voltage and amplitude from a microphone - thousands of ... word of advice to people with a mental illness seeking treatment in the us public health care system : everybody that graduated at the bottom of their class needed to find a job somewhere , but this ... any in the us on medicaid have a working strategy to finding a good therapist ? i'm tired of complaining and just need a pointer on how to look for one , as the referrals i've gotten don't reflect ... i would quit smoking pot , but it's hard to find a night that i don't need to sleep . oh wait how about tonight since i'm all out . for about the last year , my only participation in this forum has been to vent about very negative feelings . i'm conflicted over whether an apology is necessary , but i want to regardless . here i ... this is literally making me sick . final words and images of my corpse in various crime scenes dominate my thoughts , and it's a big fucking secret , for everyone's protection . i'm blessed to have ... yeah he says infp's ( paraphrasing ) are interested in human values and infj's are interested in those values and how to implement them . so infj's are like infp's , but better ? despite trying to ... policy of truth ? first waking thoughts are wanting to die , i take a deep breath and can feel the dead-face on me like a wooden helmet . my phone has been blown up with good morning cuteness from my ... skip if you're not in the mood for whining because i'm lost . ( another ) new therapist today , and i liked him a lot and don't feel any barriers to being direct with him ( huge relief ) ... and he knows ... i hope we can overcome the shadow of our parents . in some cases , maybe despite them . i've been diagnosed bipolar ii , so my problems may not correlate strongly to yours , but here's this anyways : ... i can't figure out a way to word my request for a different therapist without feeling like an asshole . am i a horrible person for considering telling the office staff it's because i'm afraid of ... my gf and i are in ld mode for a few months , its a long story . i feel selfish taxing her empathy with updates on how crappy i feel , but i die a little when i minimize or dismiss my pain in ... brightflashes i would love to have an infp mental health pro to talk to . i didn't know that's what you do , and simply by virtue of you being here i'd exclude you as i casually hose individuals in ... it's difficult to find motivation to alter my circumstances when i know they have no affect on how i feel . wait until you find yourself in front of an inflexible shrink that can only do their job ... depression and appetite loss compounded so many times over ... not buying food because i just end up staring at it . feels like basic mechanics of my survival instincts have been breaking down my ... trying to get help . started therapy ... therapy as an adult sucks . i remember as a teen i could view them as a sort of parental figure and the social contract between us was simple . as an ... dear ms . infp 4w5 , in my experience as infp 4w5 , there are no conclusions or realizations to solve certain cognitive loops , no feeling or paradigm shift that works perfectly as a vaccine . at ... couple things ... give the op a break , its an emotional rant , and it doesn't parade as something else ... imo that's fine . especially since its pretty representative of unhealthy ( or developing ? ) infp ... npr . to live in the present , and not make resolutions . to avoid all-or-nothing thinking traps , such as resolving not make any resolutions . see i'm off to a good start . find your own , personal definition of the phrase , relative perfection . i start things because they are interesting , and once i can speculate with some confidence on how it will turn out , i lose interest , as if my curiosity is appeased at that point . continuing once i ... i've been threatening myself with the same thing - some sort of public video journal . a vlog i guess . do it even if your only reason is to the effect of personal journalling . move those ideas from ... and ( ime ) more importantly - it saves a ton of battery life turning off ar i started keeping the app running in batt saver mode upside down on my desk all day for the free egg-walking ... buggy gps ... i asked some of my students age 8-14 if they were playing : 2 said they have zero friends who aren't playing 1 said he won't play because his dad is always playing it so i started playing for the ... oh i'm still shy . i'm just opting to ride the impulses i've always had slightly more often , saying the first thing that comes to mind more often , even if it might be stupid as hell or i mumble and ... the older you get , the more you become the attitudes you hold and the thoughts you relish . you're literally giving them more time to saturate your mind , and they'll become a premise to your ... camous the only thing that works immediately after meeting someone afaik is humor . the only other ways i know how to relate to someone directly are through serious conversation and exposure to ... i'm weirdly vigilant about avoiding being friend-zoned ... lately i've been keeping the flirting as immediate and as sexual as i can be comfortable with . 549978 maybe its tasteless to share but i'm ... i was moved by this idea : ( paraphrasing ) about motivation - i've spent the better part of my life trying to understand and muster it to get ahead , as opposed to indulging in some escapism . the ... like some others here , i used to act relatively clingy but now i'm kind of vigilant about not making people feel imposed upon by me . i identify my clinginess as a sort of attraction to being ... i'm having a si flashback after an uneventful group conversation yesterday and now i'm feeling kinda horrible . angry , betrayed , and hopeless even . should i be glad i didn't feel like this at the ... 547114 silicon valley is funny af most social experiments with a hidden-camera ... and the ones i spontaneously fantasize about performing myself completely out of context perv jokes ... at the end of every day , i relive and cringe at every awkward thing i've said . even if i have a rico swave day and say / do all the right things , my si will still replay whatever is regrettable or ... talking to someone i may be interested in dating , and after some conservative flirting from me and some jokes about being a gentleman , they tell me i have nothing to worry about . this validation ... i remember sobbing all the way to the car after seeing little mermaid in the theaters as a young boy xd i really enjoy putting the beauty of things into words . it feels like i'm in some cut scene while i'm talking , joyfully churning ideas through a metaphor machine , and gravity ceases to exist around ... you know that mythbuster-style show where magician's secrets are revealed ? if i am a professional magician , i'm the one they hired for that show . i practice and admire the mystique of the medium , ... i have nothing specific to rant about and feel like it nonetheless so here i am . this is probably good evidence that i'm suffering some deficiency in the ne department . i'm working on faith that i ... infp with a demanding intp father . my solutions to problems and how i go about ordinary tasks are ( much ) less efficient than they could be . he is quick to judge a situation ( or people ) based ... like people are saying we can't put infp's in a box , and when they do go out , it's often for some form of exploration , as opposed to just hanging out and soaking up the atmosphere somewhere . besides ... this is interesting , i don't know if i've ever compared my general idealism with willpower . if i consider them as the same for a moment , willpower does seem insane , or at least paradoxical . both ... '