' yea also kant was an esfp as the show goes on , light loses his i don't care of myself attitude and gets driven exclusively by his thirst for power . considering his first motivation , i'd say the only effective criticism is ... extjs are the types you normally wouldn't call extravert unless you are used to the mbti in my opinion entj when my speculative reasoning gets interrupted ... yes they are lol i'm 22 and i get on well with every intjs i know . i love intj-infj relation . you may be right , there are some contrasts from time to time but i'd call it a positive debate ; if the intj is quite a ... i sometimes wish i was a p ( maybe an extp ) but no way i'd like to be an infp lol infj : i am very good at sports . and ... nothing else lol it's funny when you hear from one side of the party oh look at those girls or bring me alcohol , while from the other side you hear : as i said , dual aspect monism seems reasonable ... xd hard problem of consciousness : ninja : this is quite infjish as a purpose . infjs might not be physics itself lovers , but infjs generally like every subject when that digresses into the philosophical side ( which means you may be keen on ... if i were you i'd focus on te / ti difference . when some intj friends of mine and i argue the different functioning of our thinking appears pretty clear . when you try to build up a system , do you ... music first ( i am schopenhauerian ehehe ) , logical / mathematical second . zosio 913 intps might be enojying trolling people trying to figure out their types . tests suck ; that said , if an actual enfp tests as intj ( which happened a couple of times in my experience ) , i don't ... yes , mbti tests are well known for their reliability ... tractatus logico-philosophicus of wittgenstein i think you might be right : taki may be an istp and mitsuha an enfj . i actually agree with the extraversion of mitsuha but i still have doubts about taki ; he seems quite a sociable guy and yes , as i ... i am especially interested in typing the two main characters . as far as taki is concerned , i am pretty sure he is an estp . he is definitely extraverted and he has a perceptive attitude towards the ... in my personal experience intj first , enfj second . then probably isfj or infp but they are both really different to us infj . i don't think that's a sufficient reason to be sure of your introversion lol annals of tacitus ( 15.44 ) einstein according to jung the psychological type is innate and cannot change over time ( if he does , he causes some kind of mental disorder ) . while the weakest functions are hard to spot in childhood as they ... i am 21 years old . my birthday is on january 3rd :) when i was drunk i acted like an estp x ) as an infj i am usually attracted to : entj intj blue / light blue :) it's the type i get along worst with . i have a couple of isfj friends though and i like them :) i think iq tests are generally more suitable to intps rather than intuitive dom types : that's becacause tests measure mainly deductive logical reasoning skills , but not for example the ability to ... death note , code geass and steins gate are the best i ever watched . yes i 100 % agree . ( i think this is one of the difference between infjs and infps ) it's more about likelihood . there are more chances for me ( as an infj ) to get on well with an intj rather than with an isxj . i generally prefer relationships with estp than esfp . one of my best ... stachan i like that song :) i usually listen to piano version of anime themes . hi infjs , i really love instrumental music . whenever i decide to download a song i look for the instrumental version . i am curious to know if it's just me or an infj trait . i find it weird because ... we appear kind of disconnected even if we are in an enjoyable situation . ok i am not alone . i guess this is somehow related to the introverted intuition and thinking .. my intj best friend is a philosopher and he doesn't like science at all . he'd rather study history or psychology . he doesn't like mathes too . well , i actually don't agree with a few points of mbti , as a type indicator which has a strong cognitivist build . jung theory is a pshychoanalitic theory , therefore it's much more dynamic than mbti ... uhhh , what makes you wonder whether you are an entp or not ? yes i do . i only had trouble in identifying more with fe or fi . in jung's description fi is said to be deeper , so the introverted feeler should be more sensitive ( jung referred to xxfj vs xxfp ... i actually think this isn't the best way to list them . i'd rather write : n ( i > e ) f ( e > i ) t ( i > e ) s ( e > i ) i know this looks a little bit weird , but in my opinion it's the best way to ... jamaia i think it's wrong to completely separate functions . i mean , we don't have two different intuitions or two different thinking , we just have one of each functions , which are mainly object ... tests are an option but they aren't always accurate ( i guess introspection is the best way to find it out ) . speaking for myself , i really have to put much effort to be aware of the external ... the order of the cognitive functions determines a preference for using them . inferior and repressed functions need a bigger conscious effort to be used . we have plato and schopenhauer 526418 yes i was really keen on mbti too and as soon as i found it i started reading jung and then gifts differing ( isabel bryggs myers ) . here in italy introversion / estroversion definitions are ... wait , you are telling me you are italian too ? how did you get into mbti ? : happy : i come from italy . i even have no idea how i got into mbti . i think in my country literally noone knows what mbti is ( i even asked to my general psychology professor ) . i am a feeler and indeed i prefer thinker females , i don't know whether is just a personal thing or not . '