eminem is an isfp , where he could be used as a poster boy for such . and it all goes out , as he's triple reactive , being 6w5 core , with 4 and 8 fixes . i started wondering what dr . dre was , more so ... blaine from izombie . not sure of his type though . possibly extroverted gamma or estp . edit : i consulted , and he's estp . first of all , i don't think there is a straight and easy response to this , as human mating rituals are rather organic : laughing : however , i like the cat and mouse thing . i like to be proactive , and ... i don't understand why you would have to hide being intellectual . was it not appreciated ? what about isfjs ? they're nice people , but hold no interest for me . i don't value fe . at all . i don't care ... actually , i am not intellectual in that sense of the word . i'm very down to earth , and like whatever i discuss to have a practical application , or an implication for me directly . however , i am ... i don't think there's a science to it . i am extremely awkward , when it comes to that sort of things , and i rarely get into relationships , and have very long dry spells in between . of course i talk to ... yes . it used to happen more in the past , now i seem to be more aware of people's intentions . mostly it was my naivety . i grew up a tomboy , and all my friends were guys , so even making new friends , i ... enneagram 1w2 maybe , for no reason in particular , except for being so anal . it's a while since i read it . as to mbti , i don't know . not at all . i am not religious , and i live in one of the two or three most atheist countries in the world , so i don't have to face outside judgment whatever i decide to do . it's just how i'm built . it gets better , at times . i'm somewhat more social than i was at this particular moment , and probably will be until my football season is over again . but , i'm on the broke side of things again , so ... cersei focuses on how society perceives her and women , and power for the status of it . she's focused on how she is perceived , and wants power not for the purpose of doing anything specific , but for ... has anyone seen this movie , and typed the characters ? i can spot the se-doms , but i'm not sure about the rest . bats seems like an estp cp 6 , as well as being batshit . baby is very clearly ... cersei is esfj , or possibly enfj . jaime is estp . and i could see euron being one too , possibly . daenerys is infj , i think , jon is isfp , theon is esfp , sansa is isfj ... last movie watched : wonder woman last series watched : american gods a load of people were bullied and abused , and haven't decided to do that selfish act . they were assholes , but no one is to blame for suicide , except for the person who does it . a bit ot , as it doesn't reference an enfp character , but that's not necessarily so . sensors have an intuitive function too , it's just not primary . therefore , an esfj would have tertiary ne , which ... he also places aesthetics and environment before all else , and was a phenomenal dancer . as well as there being other indicators of se . he focused on the present , and disregarded answering questions ... there is literally nothing about him that shows ne or ti about him . where do you take that from ? a little less conversation , a little more action ! - so self-explanatory : laughing : se to the max . esfp . if i have to , i will argue my case , but just take my word for it ;) it's not normal after every breakup , some won't mean anything to you . but there are those that cause this . when my first bf cheated on me , i lost 7kg in 3 days , because i wasn't able to eat , and ... as ' helpful ' as that will be - what you describe is natural fallout of a breakup . nothing makes sense , nothing interests you , you see no one else you could possibly be there . it feels like no one can ... if anyone is curious to delve more into him , here's a rather extensive article interview with him : kurt russell will never go out of style | gq i'm pretty damn certain about being se dominant ... hm ... i'll have to revisit this some day . so far i'm pretty sure about the esfp , but no idea about the enneagram . i'll listen to some interviews . where do you see ne ? : shocked : goldie is the esfp poster girl , apparently , though , i haven't typed her for myself , but apparently , she tops the celebrity esfp lists most times . i wouldn't put it past two esfps to be together . i've ... i can't stop laughing https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bh_KP01IIqY i love what you did with the last one . gotta agree with your typing of groot . any new developments on this ? from the quotes he has on imbb , and he's all over the place . some of them seem almost si , but then there's one where it's all se : then there's this that i can't pin ... it's a while now since i watched it , but i agree , the characterization wasn't too clear . with the exception of danny and joy . danny i am absolutely sure is sfp , and i am more in favor of isfp . ... i meant nebula of course , thanks for spotting it ! if i can , i'll edit in the original post . no thoughts on mantis . feeler of some sort . just saw the second movie too . i'll start with the one that i'm positive about : yondu - estp as for the rest : peter quill - esfp ( possibly an enfp ) . fi user for sure . however , he is xx / so or ... she was talking about phoebe from charmed , not phoebe from friends . you are obviously correct about phoebe buffet though , she is an enfp . what exactly is the purpose of this page , that is different from all the other tumblr pages typing people ? also , brad pitt is isfp . chris evans an intj ? doesn't seem too likely ... from what i read everywhere , luky is isfp . intp tmlt actually enjoy small talk ? this made me laugh : laughing : my cat tolerates me learning the guitar . she lives through my music taste , and doesn't mind the beastie boys , or anything else i come up with . she even suffered ... ^ ^ this right here sounds like a major red flag to me ! is he with you because if he can't have her , he'll be with someone sort of kinda like her , but can't fall in love , because it's not the same ? or ... https://img-9gag-fun.9cache.com/photo/a5bDovg_700b_v1.jpg i'd try to explain , but i'd be treading on thin ice , because i struggle with formulating thoughts verbally , and there is high chance that things will come out wrong , and meaning something other than ... i'm not an entj , but i imagine , that any gamma parents would work well , if healthy ( not just physically , but mentally ) . that means entj , intj , esfp , isfp . entj's polr function is si , therefore i ... thank you , i have read the post , and will politely agree to disagree . i would say se is the preference for direct , real-time observation and exploration , as well as leveraging immediately arising opportunities . however , that's just me trying to put into words how i ... you know the p and j only indicate the function , that is extroverted , and basically tell you whether it's ni + te or ne + ti , right ? p means extroverted perceiving , j means extroverted judging . thus , ... i would say my experiences with all intps are distinctly different than with all intjs . therefore , i disagree . because they are grandly different . and each sensing function pairs with an intuitive function . se supports ni and vice versa . therefore , ni people will probably be able to communicate well , and ... i am developing a pet peeve on people looking at the s and n divide , instead of looking at the functions . se and si aren't alike , so which one are you dissing ? ni and ne are nothing alike , so which ... sales might be a sensor thing , and yes , sensors are still doing that . however , business is becoming more and more digital , and if you're not in it , you can't win it . it involves prediction , ideas , ... a lot of what i wanted to say , wild already put into words pretty nicely . thanks for some of your kind words , but i will dare disagree on the excerpt above . the most growing , best paid , most job ... to be honest , the only thing that i can think of that you can do for anyone but yourself is for your younger brother . make sure he's okay , and that he doesn't let your psycho brother affect him to ...