' interestingly enough , the same could be said of psychedelics ... can you describe in exactly what ways ? this is true , but i would say its more because of se intensity . its the same reason ni-se users can seem more forceful in general , this is especially true of esxps , who can fill up a space with their ... intjs think . alot . now , i know as much as any of you that this can be as problematic as it can useful . personally , i tend to be an anxious over thinker , what if this happens ? , what if that ... you misspelled esfj . they're the types which come off as fake and overly dramatic with all that dominant fe of theirs hey there , i've been using this forum since i was like 15 ( though just not very actively ) , i'm 18 now . in my personal experience , i tend to attract i_f_s , mainly people i think are introverted feeling dominants ( isfp / infp ) . does anyone else notice any tends on the specific ( suspected ) mbti types of ... both types can be quite absent minded . i'd imagine intjs as giving off a more spacey aura , similar to the infj because of doninant ni . on the other hand , the intp has no se in their top 4 function ... the best answer here . itachi is a pretty obvious intj theoretically , what type / s cannot deal with intjs ? time to pull out your fi guys , : confused : my question for the intj forum is when with family / friends / s . o , how do the intjs on here express their love ? okay , so teen intjs i have a lil ' questionnaire for you . answer in not more than 3 lines . 1 . why do you think you are intj ? i generally have tested myself , read up on the cog functions and ... i once swallowed a penny . don't ask me how . what are your satire nicknames for the different mbti types ? i'll start : nts intj - the socially dysfunctional hacker intp - the annoying hipster entp - the loudmouth troll entj - grumpy ... thanks : 3 thread where we get to poke fun at nts in general including ourselves , not intended to attack any type in particular . i'll do the bashing by as colourful an expression as i can atm * clears throat * ... i should buy a boat well , yes sort of . i use a notebook to keep my thought in order , so it acts sort of like a drawing board , where i can consider things or just kill time with in class . i prefer to call it a ... i just don't care . it doesn't change anything about my interactions , i'm quite apathetic about that really . though if you want to make something of it , it's really amazing isn't it ? how evolution ... no problem with ocd here . i've found that being surrounded by e__ps has made me much more adaptable than most other intjs . well , i currently am a student and instead of writing a whole paragraph i can round up my general outlook on school so far in one sentence . - if it doesn't interest me / isn't useful in my mind , ... as friends , intps + intjs are quite solid . one of my best friends is an intp , and i tend to find that they are good company and can carry interesting conversation . my particular intp so close to ... ne complements ni in the way it brings up things we never thought of , so : ni : * brooding deeply over difficult science bs * dammit ! , i can't figure this out , it's impossible ! ne : * walks ... if you're interested , you can read through a previous thread that was derailed by this very subject from my noob days : ... light yagami is an intj with wild fi . just because you're not an emotional mess all day , it doesn't make you a sociopath . yes , i agree with you about conspiracy theories often just being wishful thinking , however this thread was made just to hear novel and interesting theories and perspectives different users have . it's ... thread for passing around interesting conspiracy theories intjs may have . now , i know that conspiracy theories are said to be an infj thing , i thought it still maybe interesting to post here . do ... hello , could you please change my username to flawlesserror . thank you . that last one made me shudder and feel terrible , then i remembered that i'm supposed to be an intj ... : blushed : even though the setting is futuristic and somewhat betrays the original setting of 17th century france , starting in a later portion of the book and moreover , the animation seems 2 - d and ... well , true . however , i found death note to be a brilliant dub ( especially l's performance ) , and code geass to be also an exceptional dub , which they obviously had worked hard to make . all the ... yes , for all we know , op is just overworking and these symptoms are a result of sleep deprivation of stress . it's possible . sure thing . subbed or dubbed ? . awww beat me to it ! : frustrating : favorite anime : death note , code geass , clannad ( closest i've ever got to crying in an anime ) , gankutsou : the count of monte cristo ( underrated gem of awesomeness ) favorite manga : bakuman , ... this explains so much : shocked : well , judging from that long text you've written , you seem more capable than most of the users on this forum . have you considered that you may have an attention deficit disorder ? because it seems to ... i think intjs tend to procrastinate over things that they are confident they can accomplish under tight circumstances , it's like that time that i had a religious education exam , and didn't study a ... in my case , i usually don't mind if someone writes using commonly known acronyms , for the sake of quick and efficient writing . of course , people making up acronyms i don't even understand , would lead ... i listen to classical music , but it's usually in soundtrack form . i think that it's always best to stretch out and try new things that you wouldn't normally , as a result my playlist is 40 % rock , 30 % ... : crying : i wish i had a playstation : sad : this is the opposite thread to the , ' you know you're an intj when ... ? ' thread , for the instances you doubt your intj-ness . what things have you done or do , which have contrasted the popular ... i'd say that's more reminiscent of some intp attitudes . what's a ' sparky ' ? well whatever it is , it certainly doesn't sound like a counter argument . nope , you're overcomplicating things . it's just because it's as obvious hitchens is an intj , as einstein is an intp . not to demolish your glee , but * see post above * . well , it's not really the same thing because hitchens is a person with a certain personality , and is not an unexplored earth . this is based upon the mbti theory , which makes it quite straightforward ... it's already common knowledge that hitchins is an intj . '