' just getting divorced from one after 19 years . i was ready to swallow a gun . she still proves why she's my ex all the time , just can't fathom logic . i thought it was a insightful look a what a huge waste of time and bandwidth social media can be . face piles and piles of trials with smiles it riles them to believe that you perceive the web they weave and keep on thinking free - moody blues in the beginning you , you little poo disturber , dragging the tough guys in . let me read through the pages and weigh in soon . in one day last week when i was particularly chatty i was told by three different people to shut the f * ck up , i was the reason someone drove slowly to work and could someone wire my jaw shut ! so ... use your intuitiveness to see what people are interested in and talk about that . for instance if a customer always has a sports teams jersey on ask him about the team . people want to talk about what ... and they don't know who they are . snatch it's really quite easy . you're on the set of inception 2 . pics or ban nope , no balls . he's got to have all his followers to do all his dirty work . never shows up to confront problems , just lurks out of sight in the back . chickenshit . sucks to be you . if you were an entp you would never have got in this predicament to start with . but being an i you were too busy looking in than out and bamm you got blindsided . i get along great with her , she's dead . the first half of the red queen is basically a biology lesson , the second half picks up . richard dawkins , the magic of reality is good as well as , the god delusion . christopher hitchens , how ... unpradictable . i skipped over all the ones without me in them . what sort of loser would just find this thread now 65 pages in ? origially england but now canada . lol , my type : entp . funny story , well now not at the time , i went down to mcdonald's with my boy , aged 11 or 12 at the time , to get supper and bring it home . usually i would nip down by myself and ... alas , entp's are heartless bastards so size it is , i'm still a little more tham 3/4 of the man you're looking for . but beggers can't be chosers so tough luck . : cool : incorrect no , unintelligent , only to the unenlightened . immature , quite possibly . fixed it for you . and yes intelligence is knowing your so is wrong on something they're saying , wisdom is not telling them . double post this is an interesting question . depending on where you are in life and what you have accomplished , or not , would affect your answer . i've done many things so far , some have gotten me recognition , a ... the only video i have is a video resume and i'm not sure i want to post it here . well , since we are full of it but have it contained the smell isn't coming from us but from other people that are coming here throwing it around and talking it . we're an ocean of knowledge that has ... simple logical deduction would tell you never since we're all full of shit . 8/ 10 simple yet not so simple . correct . two syllables , no silent h , gray-ham . mayhem , spelt mayham to rhyme , as hem and ham do not rhyme . some people pronounce it gram but i don't . got it unny bunny . ;) no . i'd rather be 3/4 a man than 1/2 a man . : rolleyes : are there any questions that don't involve 8 toys ? i'm feeling a little uncomfortable . one last option then we'll move on to more important topics . would you take half a 16 ? um ... wood ( sic ) you take 4 twice ? i'm 51 and i still act like a ten year old . i need my brain , i can't give it away . maybe i could loan it to you multiple times thou ... i guess we would have had to acknowledge that you existed to start with ... try reposting this in the ask a question get a sarcastic answer thread just for fun . roswell , baby . it's payback time ! i was a serious amateur for years . worked at a few motor sport racetracks taking pictures for the drivers and occasional magazine articles . did a couple of weddings , a poster , a newspaper ad and some ... i've been trying to read freud ’ s dook on dreams for 25 years but it's as dry as hell . i have dreams that foreshadow the future on a regular basis . the problem is i don't know which ones show the ... the great canadian tv show host red green once said , well actually he said it every show , if they don't find you handsome , they better find you handy . well let me tell you i'm plenty handy . now i ... er ... sex on your mind ? no , they're too unstable and unsuitable for relationships . handed the entp a piece of paper with an impossible problem written on it . the entp threw the paper down , yelling this is a lie , there are no impossible problems only ... entp . having lived with the complete opposite of my type for the last 18 years then having meet an entp girl a couple of years back i'm sold . i'm so tired of saying in my mind a completely normal ... don't believe it , it's more likely a sugar coated insult designed to lure you in for the kill . why aren't more people asking the deep probing questions that we can really make smart ass answers to ? 1 ) it would be the same as the fifth element only without the hot chick in orange . 2 ) all old movies are remade sooner or later , we just have to wait . yes '