' i'm planning on double majoring in philosophy and psychology and minoring in creative writing . then i'm going to use my major in psychology to become an adolescent therapist . :) i'm actually currently watching 21 jump street . it's freaking hilarious ! their love for conflict and their disregard of other's feelings . http://youtu.be/n_S8M5R01NM you're too young to be worrying about finding your true love . now get back to studying ! 53126 i look so young . t ^ t http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aSluRcBkhAE one of my friends happens to be an estj and we get along famously . beware , though , when things get sour run ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fjDojEOiMcE i'm not an estp but this seems like an interesting thread . what happened ? i was underage at the time and was stupid enough to try to smoke cigars . i ended up getting very hooked on them . soon ... i love being in relationships with sf's , esfps to be exact . i love their simplicity and joyfulness in the small things . it really cheers me up when i'm down , and their child-like , pure happiness is ... maturity isn't something you can simply gain over night . it takes going through a lot of different challenges , bumps in the road , pain , and experience in order to gain that more cultivated state of ... it's very natural to feel self-conscious and very awkward around someone you have your eye on , especially if you're not sure whether or not they're got their eye on you . before i learned how to deal ... well , istj forums are really interesting if you'd like to check them out . ^ . ^ i've never played ezio before . what's that like ? thank you very much . ^ _ ^ username : u200b my username is actually a reference to my favorite band's song king for a day . one of their lyrics is you need a martyr ; i'll be one and it has stuck with me since i first heard the ... as an extrovert , i love to communicate any way i can , however i prefer face-to-face communication so i can observe their nonverbal communication ( facial expressions , hand movements , posture . etc . ) . i ... as a proud bookworm , i absolutely love to read . but as of lately i've been a tad bit low on reading material . any suggestions ? i'm very open-minded and can get into anything really . :) thanks , hon ! :) hello one and all ! as you can tell from the title , i'm a new enfp here and am curious as to what advice you experienced members have for a piece of fresh meat such as myself . i'm more than happy to ... as of lately , i've been feeling as though there's a hole inside me that just can't be filled no matter how hard i try . it's been driving me up the walls and making me stress . i can't think ... i have ocd , depression , adhd , and anxiety , and therapy has really helped with my problems . i used to be very uptight , distant , unfeeling , and just like a cold clam that refused to open . therapy has ... i hate not being able to have a decent , intellectual conversation with anyone my age . it seems as though they're too focused on how the guy in their english class has a cute butt , or how drop-dead ... i've been feeling like quite the sourpuss lately and i think it might be due to a lack of an emotional connection with someone . i'm not referring to a romantic emotional connection ( although , i ... thanks to my adhd , about fifty trillion different things are currently going through my head ( mostly personal things that associate with my life ) , but the thought that keeps bothering me is : why have ... dear esfps , i seriously love being in a relationship with your type ! you guys are so fun and bubbly . :) sincerely , enfp while my friends were performing a play at the theater i work at , my adhd-infested mind was tremendously bored and dying for some entertainment . an idea suddenly popped in my head . i was wearing the ... damn you look good and i'm drunk by cobra starship . it's a catchy song . assassin's creed , ftw ! :D second chance summer sorry , i'm too lazy to get up and check who the author is . xd don't be sad , hon . in fact , my upraising is mostly the reason why i'm so friendly and encouraging with others . i know what it's like to be neglected and put down so i try my very best to make sure ... sadly , it was the first thing to pop in my head ! xd i think my struggle with a lack of self esteem comes from the way i was raised . i come from a family that never really encouraged me , let alone paid much attention to me , so i constantly put myself ... i'm not sure about all you other enfps but i , for one , tend to argue with myself a lot , especially when it comes to whether or not i should work on an assignment that's due next week or wait until ... you know you're an enfp when your istj mother is your best friend and your biggest headache . xd i am an enfp and i love it when you call me big poppa . i have very horrible abandonment issues . i've been struggling with them for a while , and i think they're the reason why i distance myself from those i know , especially when i'm in a relationship ... i never really thought as myself as drop-dead gorgeous but i know i'm not the most unattractive thing around . it just depends on my mood that day , really . '