' this made me remind the days when i played dodgeball ( considered a sport too , here , don't know about the us ) . even with me being younger than the other players ( considering i'm a guy , and during ... epicness galore . well , i've taken it around 10 time over the course of 4 years or such . on the first year , it said i was an infp , but i grew to really doubt it . enfp hit the sweet spot , however recently my active ... the small talk stuff already blows it all . i loathe small talk and have found many other extraverts who do , too . plus , the superiority complex loke already pointed out . and not only introverts have ... i'm good at flirting apparently . i just don't do it . ( at least consciously . ) attalaia ? i think it means sentinel in portuguese , it's somewhat of an old term . : laughing : the first one that came to mind for you was arete . : laughing : but it's short . try nyarlathotepinne , lol . nyarlathotep is the messenger between the worlds , the sombre leader , the chaos-bringer ... post your stories of awesome and jollies . yes , that rhymed and no , as much as the title may be misleading , this isn't a game thread . enfps seem to like sharing stuff that happens with them . so ... i can relate and have been called serious too . maybe it springs from my humour being typically dark and subdued at some times , annoying and provoking at others , and quite politically incorrect in ... was agreeing and taking my hat off to everything until this pearl of wisdom : still hoping that's just rhetoric , because besides cruelty being an individual trait independently of whatever ... i related to him in ways that left me shocked . he isn't humble in the least . his ideas are presented only roughly there , and i agree with enough of them to say that i generally agree with him . iq is ... okay , now , there's a paulo type . i'm paulo . the paulo type people ( beyond an apparent narcissism , as it shows ) are : puedo hablar un poco de español , pero no mucho : laughing : es que soy de brasil y estos argentinos y uruguayos ... lo sé intuitivamente algunas cosas y tuve q aprender algo más para viajar por lo ... being an enfp with a huge n and a 7 ... i can sort of confirm the relation to people that the enfp has . i for once : i'll try to act as polarizing , i'll draw people closer and engage them in whatever ... keep the enfps comin ' oooh looord keep em coming welcome : happy : i usually catch myself thinking , daydreaming , about meeting people , talking to them , hugging them even . but it never stems out of nowhere , or towards someone ideal / imaginary ... the people there are , ... of course enfp . erm , i'm sure there's someone somewhere ... who's an enfp pessimist . not this one however : laughing : welcome little grasshopper . i'll give my two cents , i have a very good isfj friend . i have fallen for her one time , and she fell for me , but at different times . so it was a no-go , lol . but we're friends nonetheless . what i get ... well , for almost a year after discovering mbti , i * thought * i was an infp . no way . in analysing my true , constant self , however , there had always been a very strong enfp connotation to everything ... the win is just too much . i must say i found hilarious , the underlying thread one could perceive here : laughing : no , this isn't an actual renting service for types , you capitalists * shakes fist * : crazy : aaaalright , my 2 cents : mark - enfp roger - infj tom - entp angel - esfp mimi - isfp maureen - ... there is a soft landscape within those stone walls , a trope looking for justice and peace for the world . infj . ok , my numbers add to 23 so that would be life path 5 ? just read on it , sounds very much accurate . you played my weak spot there andrew : laughing : i'm a metal fan , including this sort of power metal . edit : here goes my own challenge within the same musical genre ... or alizée talking about one of these threads . my entj friend sometimes describes me in a way i particularly like ... i saw paulo and he seemed mysterious and intriguing to me . but open . like a person you would fear . then i really got to know ... does compute when they get defensive about shit i don't find worthy of being defensive about , and when they are hopeless pessimists . welcome to the club : wink : it all sounded distinctly enfp for me really . you probably have a high n , and a more balanced f / t , it seems to be case with many of us , me included ( at least the ones in ... italian , portuguese and native brazilian confirmed , maybe spanish , southern french and african . i have a mediterranean demeanour : tongue : by that i mean , traits that are appreciated by many in that ... she sounds like me . we need to be ourselves , and not stereotypes of ourselves as defined through anything else . i completely second that . don't have much more to add . it leaves me in a good position to envision new eros-love relationships , because as much as it may seem that i love my friends as much as ... the love is too much . o hai thar . well , that's something . to boot i think one of the cubes i have is broken , one face is stuck . so when i casually pick it up , i'm reminded of that and think well , there's not really a point in ... rubik cubes drain my patience and make me enter serial killer mode . freedom , desire , drive , capacity , fuck yeah . enfps are here ~ ~ welcome to the forum , young padawan . i always did well in school without making an effort , my iq isn't on the stompingly high standard , it's always around 130 . if i feel like putting out a natural smile , yes . completely not a fan of fake , show-every-tooth-you've-got smiles . i'm happy because i'm happy without a clear reason . being able to do that makes me happy . i'm more of a balance between neutral and offensive . intpfemme , i wondered when would you start this thread . : wink : my first contributions , fantastic casa milá : http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/00/Casa_mila_ag1.jpg and the museum ... omfg someone , moar , moaaarr that's normal for me because i live in a town that's hotter than parts of the sahara ( i looked at the climate charts ) . still annoying , still eerie : makes you wonder when will the endless chaser in ... '