' alright , i'm going to argue for makishima as an intj rather than an entp ( spoilers obviously abound ): makishima has a love of humanity , as he says it it may be hard to believe , but i like you ... didn't martin say his closest character was tyrion ? in that case , along with the gardener quote , i'm still going with martin as an intp . i've noticed subconsciously when i create stories , my ... you seem like an ixfp leaning towards isfp . i'm curious as how you you get te as your highest function when it is only partially mentioned in your questionnaire . most of your answers focus on your ... you cancelled your netflix over a show you weren't forced to watch ... ? http://static.comicvine.com/uploads/original/1117/11171941/4416531-7562053115-lPm9H.gif anyway imo will : isfj sun : ... alright . bear is just like ... the most fe user ever . ever word she writes is imbued with very essence of fe and objective ethics . she constantly focuses on the idea of emotional consensus and waries ... well screw you guys , i love brushing / flossing my teeth hype train well that then don't make no sense . well isn't sfj already one of the most popular groups in this thread ? what browser are you using ? if you are using chrome don't get adblock get ublock origin . it's much more sleek . estp if we are typing george rr martin , here's an interesting quote he's said about himself as an author : “ i think there are two types of writers , the architects and the gardeners . the architects plan ... wanting to share emotion in the way you describe does sound very fe . when i write , i don't care if people misunderstand my work and dislike it because that's their view and i have my own view of ... well of course that's reasonable that you would find a different view of literature . infps and enfjs are contrary types ( introverted / extroverted function switch ) . as for his looseness , i sort of see ... i don't know , i agree with greene that the book ultimately is a relationship between the reader and piece itself . greene doesn't need to explain shit about his interpretation of the story , and it ... well of course his stories are fantasy , they're fiction novels . augustus spending his make-a-wish on a random girl he has barely known ? come on . greene identifies as an infp and his writing etc ... tine although this question is not limited to just her since you're like the only istp i know online . something i ( lovingly ) make fun of my sister online is that on mbti websites , everything ... hey ! can i have my name changed to rebel sheep ? i live in calgary aka the city with the world's shittiest weather . one day its 32 degrees celcius ( 90 degrees f for you non-metric people :d ry : ) and then the next day we get hail . the weather here ... kagami as an introvert and akashi as an extrovert ? i think kagami is an estp while akashi is an intj other than that i agree with pretty much everything on the list , murisakaribara needs more of ... i love bernie sanders . i feel like he is an enfp but that's just a rough low-ball guess ; i do think he is an extroverted feeler though . meh . i lied about basically all of my ib cas hours , and you still have school ! ? ? ? is it bad i don't want to fund them because the situation in greece is an untapped economics case study ? nah man . if all the ips die , who are going to write our epic fantasy novels ? true , i often wonder how accurate are the statistics on mbti . how about the numbers coming from the myers-briggs organization , i wonder if they're an accurate assessment of numbers as well ... you know i've always questioned some mbti statistics , such as the probability of intj's being 1 % . it seems to come up at such a frequent rate , which is partially due to people mistyping themselves as ... zack , zachary , zane , zeke , zero ? i don't know if you guys can take much solace in having more political freedom than north korea but i guess you take what victories you can . our government recently passed a bill that would cause ... i remember that your prime minister is abbott and i laugh and feel bad at the same time . remember everyone : mississippi is now more progressive than australia . you guys all fail kitchen safety 101 shame shame ding ding you should never leave your kitchen unattended when cooking something ... that's like the number one cause of house fires :P i don't know , i see her as an overwhelming fi-dom , atleast a confident one . if there's one thing i remember from her character , its her incessant hyper-individualism to what she believes . it wasn't ... i feel an intp would be a lot more logical than luna . she's basically an introverted cloudcuckoolander . just finished fate / zero , such a great show . kiritsugu : 351522 screwed up intj , i think he is an introvert who shows a lot of ni-fi with a strong te as well . his values don't necessarily relate to ... that has always perplexed me . why do you read the asoif series little bear when you know its all about the depths of human depravity . it never seemed like your cup of tea . ableism in hamlet ? would you mind explaining that ? also , if i remember correctly , the majority of the sexism is hamlet with ophelia right ? i never really saw it as sexism since him being rude to ... actually researching it , there are actually only a few isfp characters , at least compared to other types in fiction . can anyone even name an isfp villain ? lots of great isfp characters like harry potter , fry , the dude ... i think shirou is an example of an isfp but i don't know your opinion on him ( and speaking of f / s n , i've been addicted to that ... yeah an esfp wouldn't surprise me unless you have some objection with being an sfp . do you have an inner infj ? i always saw you as some sort of exxp . i lean towards exfp . definitely not an ni-dom though . communism according to marx is very different from how it was applied in reality . in perfect communism , everyone would be working hard for the greater good of humanity . everyone's wealth would be ... idealism without pragmatism is useless . thinking you can make the world perfect in the sense that absolutely everyone will be kind to one another is pointless idealism . you're only going to waste ... also we need to realize something about equality . in my own high school , gsm people are taken with a sense of interest but they're not bullied or aggresed upon by the vast majority of people . this is ... yeah , there is a need for rectification of a lot of social problems . i'm fine with social justice but oftentimes sjw take these issues to the extreme that they belittle actual social problems . when ... i disagree with the idea that a minority group will be targeted . the advent of the internet allows for the greatest exchange in history , and it has allowed for people to be informed of other cultures ... my opinion on social justice , especially tumblr social justice is that the more sensible people get grouped into a very crazy vocal minority . although a lot of people who follow social justices ... is ni an advice giving function ? i just know i like giving long , over complicated methaphorical speeches to people because i love doing so ( also because i am smarter and always right damn it ) how i feel preparing to read 100 + pages of this thread http://i4.photobucket.com/albums/y145/MoonlightStorm/gifs/gifbilboimgoingonanadventure_zpsec9cc099.gif this is the most extp ever . ... somewhat off topic , telepathicgoose , i notice that you're an infp 3w4 ... that's pretty interesting , can you explain why you think you're a 3 ? it's a pretty rare combination so i'm curious to see how ... so many changes and revelations . someone should keep track of all the type changes that have happened throughout this thread ... are you referring to the methaphorical concepts of good and evil or are you talking about light and darkness as physical concepts ? if we define darkness as the absence of light , then i would say ... '