' likes : 1 . extremely intelligent and well educated 2 . physically affectionate 3 . aims high and doesn't give up until he succeeds 4 . commands respect and is well-liked 5 . honest dislikes : so in my relationship i'm the entp and my boyfriend is the intj . so it's kind of a gender swap on your relationship . have you considered that he might be enfp ? i've noticed people don't tend to ... first thing , i would phrase all of these in terms of concern , otherwise there not really parallel descriptions . or choose a different term than concern . in fact , for your purposes , i would ... hi infj ! you sound a lot like my best friend , who is also an infj , and beats himself up a lot internally for not being logical enough , to which he attributes not getting this grade on that , not ... i appreciate the response . [ [ i just have to say that i don't think any studies in neuropsych / neuroscience have refuted jung's theory to date though , no ? the issue is more a lack of any real studies ... well plan a - - i don't let myself get dragged to parties if it's obviously foreseeable that i would have a terrible time . also , i resist being friends / girlfriend of people who would drag me to ... i think the above is quite true . i've got a large circle of childhood friends ( small town , small school , everyone knows everyone ) and of the people we've typed , everyone's childhood best friend was ... thank you so much for this advice ! ! this is what i'll do - - i'll ask my mom questions to try to help her realize what she should do for herself - - i know from experience she's not convinced by my ... i tend to be up for anything with my good friends , but i'm not up for anything with anyone . e . g . , if co-workers i don't like invite me out for lunch , i'll only go if i feel like i have to , not ... ~ accidental duplicate post ~ my enfj ( former ) best friend was as you describe . later though i realized neither of us is perfect , and i can admit i had probably done some things to incite this sort of stuff from her - - for ... my enfj ( former ) best friend was as you describe . later though i realized neither of us is perfect , and i can admit i had probably done some things to incite this sort of stuff from her - - for ... really useful post - - thank you . i need to constantly remind myself to be supportive - - sometimes complimenting someone in detail makes me feel like i'm insulting their intelligence , ( like they don't ... thanks for your reply , and sorry for my delayed response ( i was away over the weekend . ) the part in bold i think is interesting - - i didn't know that . do i need to emphasize how she / the other ... i really think it is . to me this is as simple as asserting myself and making the other person apologize / act differently , or else break ties with them , but my mom just can't seem to , even though ... thank you guys both ! ! ! so specifically these comments really stand out to me : while i can't relate to this instinct , this makes my mom's defenses of her friend seem to make somewhat more ... hi infps , i tend to have somewhat strained relationships with you guys , but my mom is an infp so i really want to make an effort as she is going through a rough time currently , and i find myself ... you definitely need to move around - - i take my lunch break every day and go to a barre class and then sometimes after work will go spinning if i really feel restless . sitting all day is unbearable ... haha wow . mbti , socionics , etc . continue to amaze me with their accuracy . i consider entjs kindred spirits , with some very stark differences however . here are a few standout examples : one of my close family friends , is a raging hard entj , harvard mba , the works . he is ... thanks for your response , though i don't think i agree with you on most ( any ) points . starting off , i don't agree with you that when you use ti as entp , you're just becoming an intp . it's not ... so i've recently had kind of a breakthrough when it comes to understanding myself ( particularly my ne ) - - partly from re-reading chapter 10 in jung's psychological types , and partly because i've ... i've always not gotten along with estps . they're extremely superficial and when they're nice to you / other people it's because they're hoping to use you / them in some completely obvious way . i think of ... i'm sure this has already been said , but i can't read through all of these posts . the entp is not an entp at all . everything you said to the entp is exactly what i would think / would say to ... thanks - - if you read my other replies , you can see this is exactly what i've realized . it might seem obvious , but it actually took me a while to figure out . i don't think i like the idea that people ... thanks so much for your response - - i think you're very right that i have difficulty seeing things from other peoples ' perspectives if it comes to relationships / emotional reactions . ( similarly , i ... i think i'm intp vs . entp because i'm pretty sure my ne is subservient to ti . i comb my environment for useful parallels and relationships that could support or contradict a series of rules about ... thanks for the response - - i completely understand that mutual friends can't all be mine . i would never ever be upset that she is still close with our mutual friends from home - - those are ... i used to think i was an entp , sometimes i'm still on the fence about it . i'm not invigorated by being with other people , but novel experiences that i can do by myself , i am all for . in fact , i ... i have grown apart from one of my hometown friends , who is an enfj . we used to get along as kids because i think for the most part , few people out there are truly n , and she had a terrible home life ... i completely get wanting to be part of an intellectual community . however , if i understand you correctly , you're saying that you also worry you can't do it on your own , so you need an artistic love ... i've just been thinking about why i have a tendency to sometimes overanalyze relationships that have ended with me being rejected in some way - - especially when the relationship in question wasn't ... i'm an intp . the entj in my life is my long time family friend ( we have banged in the past but i now have a significant other , he at the time did also , but it did not matter to him because we go way ... terrible tamada - - i think those are some swell random thoughts . americans do overvalue capitalism and equate it with free market - - when truly , you can have the free market without capitalism . class ... this is totally a thing . my worst trait is that when i'm reading someone else's book / paper / article , whatever , i think about what i would do better instead of actually intaking the material . which ... clean , efficient , safe , highest standard of living in the world and you can tell because ervyone there is so pleasant and genuine , i was a lot in the north ( like bergen to hammerfest , alta etc . ) and ... welcome ! ! ! i love intj's and also norway / norwegians ! i went to norway the frist time a few months ago and it's the best country i've ever seen . basically congratualtions on being from there ! i concur with your conclusions sir . thanks and sorry about that , for some reason i assumed it was a romantic relationship thing . i would still give more or less the same advice just change the pronouns ; and i mean you also don't have ... that was so long , sorry to get right down to it : ( 1 ) yes i've realized i've been in complete denial before , and in particular recently because of a realization about my extroverted intuition . i can give the small but ... ^ ^ ^ this . i think the extremely human , and enduring belief in god ( s ) , the supernatural , and the paranormal all do something to satisfy some part of our brains that has difficulty dealing with the ... i replied to you a few posts back but didn't quote it - sorry ! but yea , even when i talk to another person i see the words they say instead of an image of whatever they may be describing . then i see ... so you know how you have an internal monologue when you read something to yourself , ( for example , these words right now ) - - - that's kind of how my thinking always is . i think in sentences as if i'm ... hmmm ... this whole i can't disprove it , so i guess i have to accept it may be real argument could be used to rationalize into existence basically anything . an idea that i will toss into the ... he sounds like he could be an intp or probably more likely an entp ... unless i missed it in your litany of things though , you seemed to have not commented on the most determining factor for intp ... i read a shit-ton as a kid , almost always fiction until middle school / high school , where i got really really into historical fiction , and then just straight up history books / or books from ... no global 5 : sloan rluei ; sloan + xxu | e | i ; primary egocentric ; r ( 52 % ) l ( 52 % ) u ( 70 % ) e ( 74 % ) i ( 72 % ) avoidant , withdrawn , not usually happy , does not believe in human goodness , loner , moody , avoids crowds , ... i have thought these things . especially the second thing . i even wrote him a letter to the effect of the 2nd thing because he had written me several things and i had always promised i would try to ... '