' dear r , i know you'll probably never read this , and surprisingly i'm okay with that . i don't regard you as my father . father's are supposed to care about their children , and nurture them to be ... shino aburame and choji akimichi ( naruto ) i think both of them are hot as hell . kyo sohma tuxedo mask ( i've has a crush on him since childhood . ) bruce wayne / batman ( it's the mask that makes ... : hugs ! : i honestly thought i was strange for not liking the really girly things like press-on nails , tans , and make-up . when people think i'm stupid , just because some things people say fly over my head . or if i say huh ? ' , when asked a question ... they feel the need to snicker at my expense . hey , it's not because i ... i have their cd . my favorite song by them is ' the scientist ' i haven't written anything ( story wise ) in about three years . the imagination and creativity is there , it's just everytime i write .. i ball up that piece of paper and throw it away . not because i'm ... i want to sleep with you . how many drinks have you had today ? can i borrow a cigarette ? nice rack . i didn't know you could bend like that . you're a party animal ! please rise for the infp national anthem ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_VjPRDDXCz4 sure , i'd love to be friends . : crazy : lol . anyway , to answer the thread ... i get along well with some girls . maybe i'm just too outspoken about my ideas and opinions . : shrugs : also , i find some ... 1 . small talk . 2 . people who ask why are you so quiet ? when i'm enjoying ' alone time ' in my head . 3 . people texting when i'm trying to have a serious conversation . that's just plain rude . 4 ... i'll be honest . i hate making small-talk . i think it ( like flirting ) is a waste of time and energy . screw the weather . screw the latest football game . screw details about your latest family outing . i ... why i'm single ? i work at a fast-food joint , and i'm still trying to figure what i want to do as a career after i go back to community college to finish getting my communications associates . ( i'm ... where would you live ? in paris or germany what would you live in ? a small brick-house with a big fireplace and large windows to let that good old sunshine in . whatx 92s your transportation ? ... when i'm upset or stressed i have mental snaps where i just lash out at people . i've started doing it to people close to me and even my own mother when just pushed to the breaking point . i have a ... i only have one close friend that i tell everything . she's currently out of state , so basically i keep most of my feelings bottled up . tuck everlasting , bud not buddy , stuck in neutral , the great gilly hopkins , their eyes were watching god , speak , the learning tree , the great gatsby , a doll's house ( it's actually a play , not a book ) , ... i wish we could just ship racist / close-minded people off to some uncharted island with no technology or cellphone reception . : wink : just banish them from society . homophobic christian redneck <--- basically describes 55 % of the population that lives in my neck of the woods . or as i like to call them hillbilly hermits . : tongue : how old were you when you started getting facial hair ? o . o a hell pit . if it wasn't for the small group of three real friends that i had , then i can honestly tell you that i would be an asylum right now . i'm glad it's over .. but , to quote bowling for soup : ... dear god , i got a 40 . ( used to a 38 , but i skipped a question ) . > _ < what was up with the did you cut a worm into pieces as a kid to see what would happen question ? o . o i'm 22 and i have never been in a serious relationship or a relationship of any kind . there have been many crushes , but none of the feelings were reciprocated on their end . :( i've only had two guys ... :P acks bags and heads off to asia : aw , that stinks ! : gives you giant spine-crushing hug : honestly , your ' friends ' can take their club-hopping holiday and go screw themselves with it or shove it up their butts . whichever comes ... that's the thing about infps : we are nice and friendly , but when you back us up into a corner .. we come out swinging ! ;) you're better off without her in my opinion . my mother is an estj . so , i can ... wait ! wouldn't two laidback people cancel each other out ? i would need someone who is a bit more motivated than me . i'll admit that i can't smile on command . i've tried ... it ended up looking like i had a face full of botox . : shocked : mind games don't appeal to me . be upfront and honest , don't pretend to be ... blame it on my a . d . d by sail all you wanted by michelle branch you're gonna go far , kid by the offspring the scientist by coldplay it's not over by daughtry the flash . hands down . xd https://encrypted-tbn1.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRiPEbmJfouxUMzQkYdS1pyaGN2G4F6CO31W354EMDMjlfpRgz4eQ @ kito : hahahahaha ! that's exactly how i am . my rule of life : screw me over once , shame on me . screw me over twice , i'm done . some people might say this is harsh , but i have a history of giving people the benefit of the doubt over and over and ... : grabs beer and takes a long swig : to jangofett 890 : all , i can say is move on . friendships grow and sometimes friendships dissolve . people change , and turn into someone else . they sound like ... 1 . relationships ( i'm a huge skeptic of love at first sight and i've had a lot of good friendships end over the ' getting a girlfriend / boyfriend ' thing . i don't like being a third wheel ... ) 2 ... my emotions are pretty much a pendulum . one moment i can watch a cheesy romantic / family-oriented movie and be bawling my eyes out . the next ( how i'm currently feeling ) , i'll be thinking that ... i dislike terms of endearment . it's awkward and annoying . i'm not ' pookie-pie ' , ' sweetie ' , ' baby ' , or ' cuddle-cakes ' . > _ < yuck , i'm wincing as i type this . i see people in relationships call their ... ugh , i can't stand racism . i'm not saying this just as a black woman , i'm saying that i hate all forms racism . it's disgusting . i'm still trying to understand my father's side of the family and their ... i can't stand twilight . edward is a controlling dirt-bag and bella is a whiny mary-sue . enough said . no ! please , please please don't say that you are done . you have a purpose in this life . there is something amazingly spectacular about every personality type . it takes all types of people to make the ... i loved gargoyles . such clever writing and i loved how they flipped the script , making goliath ( the giant ) the hero and made david xanatos ( i swear that man had more back-up plans than batman . heh . ) ... https://encrypted-tbn1.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcSwLGktEGg3JtTv4aBFCoS6s5Xa8BpvqRXpUgQ4kXUTdTYbEiN7 i don't understand this i'll fix him or i'll be her savior / knight in shining armor if their significant other is involved in a destructive habit / lifestyle . i don't mean to sound like a wise-ass , ... just be yourself . cool ! you have douchebag / super shrew radar , too ? i'll never understand why some males and females go for complete jerks . not , everyone is like that ... but the few couples i see in my ... my family's love language is gift giving and acts of service . my mother would usually buy me a necklace or some other trinket . my response : uh ... thank-you ? words of affirmation is my love ... honestly , i wish i could put up a force field everytime someone gets too close to me . - ___ - even seeing other people's pda freaks me out . muy caliente avatar pic you've got going on there . xd is that korra and mako ? rofl ! my response : i can do air hugs and air kisses . yep , that's about it . it drives me crazy when people bump into me . forget about doing skits ! how do you do it ? i would have to drop out of the class . * _ * i'm also ticklish to the extreme . what really ticks me off is ... lol ! join the club . we have jackets . xd same here . in front if the wife ? * _ * '