' dear exfj mom , when i come to you with body image issues because i've been stress eating and too busy to go to the gym when i would like to , your job is to make me feel better about myself . you ... i have an anxiety disorder and panic attacks , so i guess yeah , i react very strongly and very badly to stress . for me the panic attacks usually include speeding pulse , sweating , nausea , ... my sentiments exactly . this was the precise reason why i always hated group work when i was in school . * commiserating * there are very few things that piss me off the way incompetence does . i have always been drawn to octopi . they are so intelligent and versatile but also fundamentally introverted and kind of loners . plus they can change color and cloak themselves in ink for protection , ... superdooper is right ... if you feel like there is something you need to discuss with her , it is better to go ahead and do it and just keep reaffirming your love for her throughout the whole process ... eating and driving : that's about as handy as skiing and doing your taxes . - watts ( mary stuart masterson's character in some kind of wonderful for some reason i love this quote even though i ... dear friend , so here we are , in a little bit of an awkward place . i want us to be more than friends , and you don't . or at least that's what you've told our mutual friend , who i had to get ... i definitely relate to this , lady nurture . people don't always tell me that i am intimidating , but it comes through in how they act ( or don't act ) around me , and i think it must be more a function of ... sometimes i believe in as many as six impossible things before breakfast . - alice in wonderland ( lewis carroll ) i measure my life by the music i listen to , the movies i see , and the books that i read . but then again , the music , movies , and books end up shaping my life , too , so perhaps they are not the measure ... wow . much as i am loathe to admit it , this describes my mo entirely . however , i think of this as being more the reaction that some of us infjs have to conflict rather than a sign of unhealthiness . rhapsody on a theme of paganini - sergei rachmaninov waiting in vain - the original is by bob marley , but i've always related more to the cover version by annie lennox . and right now it pretty much fits me to a tee . beauty without intelligence is a masterpiece painted on a napkin . i have no idea who originally said this but i stumbled upon it one day on instagram and it has been one of my favorite quotes ... dear friend , i'm right here , just waiting for you to make a move . i know we both have a lot going on in our lives right now and getting into a relationship probably wouldn't be the wisest thing ... my crush ( who i'm hoping might soon be more ? ) told me i have beautiful hair that reminds him of california ( where he's from ) . and one of my mom's friends told me that i'm a good example of how to be ... generally speaking , slanted to the right and a definite blend of cursive and print . but it changes with my mood , too . go for it , for both of your sakes . i am an infj female , currently crushing on one of my guy friends ( i don't know his type ) and am trying to signal my interest in him in the exact same ways that this ... ... when you first meet someone and immediately think this is the male version of me and become instant buddies . more than a year later you finally ask him if he's ever been personality typed . his ... this is exactly the same way i feel . as an infj who has an anxiety disorder concurrent with specific phobias and being in the ocd spectrum , i find that i have fits of irrationality fairly often . the ... [ accidentally double posted ] the other night i had a nightmare - - like , a real wake-yourself-up-screaming nightmare - - for the first time in a really long time . usually my dreams are trippy , not scary , and i don't feel the need to ... help ! i'm an infj female , and i would like to take my relationship with one of my male friends to the next level but am unsure about how he sees me ( i . e . friend or more than friend ) . or , rather , i ... i drive a 1999 nissan altima who has been totaled twice and was actually a salvage car . but we rescued her , and got her painted a unique ( but not obnoxious ) color , and now we are about five years ... this sounds exactly like me ( an infj ) and my intp sister . i've always done really well on multiple choice exams without doing much studying because i narrow the possibilities and then go with my gut , ... i'm the oldest of three . some of my favorite words of wisdom from movies : happiness isn't happiness without a violin-playing goat . ( notting hill ) sometimes i believe in as many as six impossible things before ... sooo true ... i'm not sure i can make one unified list of 10 ... my list completely changes depending on the mood i am in . for instance , here are two top 10s - - one is for when i am sad / angry , and the other is ... the only other confirmed infj i know is the person who introduced me to the test ... he was this amazing teacher i had in high school , but who i looked at more as a friend and mentor than as a ... i actually exhibit all of them except 6 and 7 , depending on how bad the stress is and what it is related to . but overall , i would say 3 and 5 , with 1 as a close third . i love sooo many of the things already mentioned ... i guess if i had ever had any doubts about my infj-ness , they would be gone now . not that i did . here's a few that i don't think i saw on any of ... this particular infj is currently dealing with it by completely overanalyzing everything and obsessing about something that i know i have essentially no control over , but still cannot seem to stop ... dear world in general , just because i am a college student , that doesn't mean that every conversation i have with a non-college student has to be about school ! ! ! i am a good student , yes , and ... i noticed the first time i took it that different cards ( cards that hadn't been an option in the first set ) appeared after i clicked on the blinking eye ... but i went ahead and took it again just to ... top 5 albums ... wow that's really hard . i love sooo much music and have sooo many albums ... but as far as 5 whole albums that i can listen to over and over again and never ever get tired of ... ... if you're into kind of experimental , new-wave french film , you've got to watch breathless ( au bout de souffle ) mon oncle is another new-wave one , but a lot lighter than breathless belle du jour ... wow ... that is even more scary-accurate ... but i wouldn't have had any idea how to articulate it that well . well ... when it's put like that , it doesn't sound very good at all ... but i'm gonna have to admit that it describes me quite accurately ... uncomfortably so , even . i wouldn't have used the term ... i have this dream all the time and it is awful every time . topless , completely naked sometimes , or wearing clothes but they are entirely see-through . at school , walking around my neighborhood , out ... chocolatlover 16 millionyearsago sentient light nessofbeing i am a tapestry of what was left , of woolen warp and silken weft embroidered fine with mismatched threads , but moth-eaten and left for dead 1 ) what's your taste in music like ? what are some albums or artists that you enjoy ? in a word , eclectic . for classical , i love rachmaninov , tchaikovsky , debussy , beethoven , chopin . i listen to some ... dear prospective friend , please be the friend i have been looking for . please don't be scared away by my odd intensity and emotionality . please don't let me go all enneagram type 4 on you like i ... what is your personal style and how might you relate that to your type ? my style is very much dependent on how i am feeling and how i want people to perceive me . i love comfort , but i also like to ... thought of more ... 5 . having to make more than one trip , either when i am leaving my house and need to put things in my car , or when i am returning home and need to take things back into my ... i'm an infj , and i know i've done that to people before ( and about almost the exact same topics , too ... weird ) ... but i always saw it more as being a function of my enneagram type than my mbti type , ... i usually only tell people who are really close to me or if it happens to come up in conversation because of something i've read and inadvertantly let slip . a lot of times i share it with my ... don't judge , just write let the words flow from the endless chasm of the mind . feel the paper , smell the ink breathe it in through your pores 1 . people saying nuke-uler instead of nuclear ; most other cases of blatant mispronounciation . 2 . people leaving dirty dishwater in the sink ; also , when i am washing the dishes , people throwing ... '