' alright ... she was an enfj . most likely a type 4 enneagram ... possibly an enfp , estj , or a intj . :) just let us know when you get it finished : happy : . looking forward to re-reading it . would you care to elaborate how on how dysfunctional it was and how you finally managed to let go of someone you obviously cared for ? so i've been reading socionics theory and according to gulenko's cognitive styles ( what we would loosely call a thinking style ) enfj's fall under dialectical-algorithmic cognition style ( rather wordy ... sounds like it came from his heart . thanks for sharing you are more than welcome . you're right when it comes to society not wanting to have to deal with the unpleasant realities of life . we get old , and some people are ill and need constant attention . ... dear lord jesus , i lift up this mother who is deeply concerned for her child's well being . i ask lord that you would give her your peace . the peace you promise to give to those who ask it ... if i had to choose a good quality it would be there desire to serve ( or give ) . at their healthiest they have the beautiful quality of wanting to meet people's needs and desires in special ways . it pains me to admit it but i have broken a heart on occasion . yes , it seems like something infj's unintentionally do from time to time . after my last heartbreaking encounter i've endeavored to be ... you wrote this a little over two years ago but it's so edifying for me to read this . my best friend is an intj and the fact that we're both male results in us arguing all the time about politics , ... where have you been in life or where do you live that infj's are plentiful enough that you can spot them ? : happy : this is the opposite of selfless : wink : don't you feel at a least a little bit guilty that you're dating someone right now and yet you'd rather be with the infj ? it seems a bit unfair to your intp . : happy : something has happened in the last two weeks that i never thought would . a relationship with an sj and an esfj at that . i have an esfj mom and two esfj sisters . i love them but they're definitely ... you sound like an nf . what other type inspired such passion in your nt soul ? i have to agree with you about esfj's and estjs . i could see it would be hard for an entp to get along with both of those but especially an estj . you don't have te in your functional stack . i'm starting to theorize that the reason inj's are attracted to esps is because there se is so apparent . while for entps the si ( and your need for si ) is not something that is easily visible or ... according to the myers briggs foundation ( my mbti personality type - my mbti results - how frequent is my type ? ) the top five types in terms of frequency / percentage are : 1 . isfj - 13.85 % 2 . esfj ... i'm assuming this is directed to me and the op . i think you're spot on when it comes lost possibilities . the only exception i'd take to to your post is where you say there was a lack of tangibles . ... there's nothing i , or anyone , can really say when someone's dealing with heartache . if i knew you well and was near you i'd put my arms around you and hold you . it's enough to know that others care ... your post makes me wonder if this is more geared toward male infjs . all rules are meant to be broken but in general it's men that make the first move romantically . culturally conditioned ? the stigma where everyone is suspected of having wrong intentions when hugging a child . i guess i should clarify a little . it wasn't just a gift : happy : . i really liked her and wanted to take the relationship to the next level . i'm not in the habit of just kissing anyone , but as i've ... i'm sure someone has done a thread similar to this , but nonetheless i've been thinking a lot lately about how much i enjoy giving physical affection . when physical affection hasn't happened yet ... to be fair to her she didn't know that she was going to break up with me . half way through our make out session i told her that i wanted our relationship to continue and i asked how she felt . she ... in an ideal world where i had the ability to decide such things i would have preferred to have that conversation in person . we live in neighboring states and i had just returned from staying with ... you're not alone ... and yes i do think it's magnified somewhat by being an infj . our ability to empathize and care deeply has it's downside . i'd agree . i guess that my situation got me thinking about closure in general and particularly when it comes to us as infj's or even just as nf's . what are your feelings on closure and ... i'm mourning a relationship right now and only recently have come to the bottom of why it bothers me so much . the short answer : the way it ended . namely , a thoughtful email from her telling me that ... dear katie , i know you think that it won't work out and that i'm not who you really want ... but you let me love you . i wish you'd let me continue to love on you . don't take this as ... i've had relationship experience with both entps and esfps . the esfp romance was intense , passionate , and made me feel more alive than any other relationship i've ever had . the entp relationship ... you're absolutely right and i would never do that . i have nothing but respect for the way she was so upfront and honest which is a major credit to her character . after i got the email i knew it was ... yes , i'm definitely an infj and she was 100 % entp . we were both into psychology and self-growth although she was more into enneagram . i think the biggest problem was the life stage differences . ... do female entp's ever reconsider their former exes ? a 2 and half month month relationship with a 30 year old entp has come to an end . she admitted to me that she'd self-sabotaged relationships in ... feeling wounded right now . i thought maybe other infj's could understand . i'm 24 with a lot of work experience in the service and manufacturing industry and a little university under my belt . i ... sounds hot : happy : . how does one become mentally stimulated during sex ? is it an eroticism based on the partners intelligence ? anyways , i found this quote . female nts , in particular , are apt to have their ... i guess the important question for me is what are those ends ? interesting . what does it mean ? so i've seen a variation of these quotes and i'm trying to understand what they mean . if this description resonates with any of you entps could you explain what it means . maybe it doesn't and it's ... ? :) yes , i'm sure a lot of mothers have problem when it comes to letting there children become adults . esfj mothers probably more so than some . i'm always like mom , i'm 24 you don't have tell me things ... just looking for feedback . trying to start conversation : happy : . i recently had a thread about the lack of connection i have with estjs . which got me thinking that there have to be lot of infjs out there who like me have an esfj mother . i'm not knocking her for ... i'm curious to know how you became married to begin with ? there must have been some attraction from the start . thanks me too . i'm worried about her right now . haven't talked to her for a couple days and she's in the part of spain where they just had that bad train crash . i recently noticed that the type that i just can't seem to get along with or relate to are estjs . they always come across as cold , bossy , and fake . my best friends dad is an estj and i have never ... we got an infj love fest going on :) . '