' i have been avoided since the dawn of time . this , in turn , has forced me to adapt to using aggressive methods if i ever need to converse or befriend others . no one will approach me , so i must ... overthinking is usually the root of such things for me . everything would be considerably more pleasant if my brain had an ' off ' switch . ask them questions about themselves . everyone enjoys talking about themselves . you'll get them talking and you can glide into smile and nod mode until hopefully you find something you can ... not going to lie , i definitely would highly enjoy and find great satisfaction in it , but i won't actively seek revenge . personally , it's because i'm a bit of a sadist and find the eye for an eye ... definitely library or graveyard hours . i'd assume being a delivery driver of some sort would also fit the bill . i personally would go for an animal-related job . √ 441 . : confused : improving self in every manner . i like to be the best . at everything . i assure you i don't mean to appear condescending . i am quite affectionate towards istjs because of my friend . i have a certain bias towards them . oh , say something good of istjs ? nevermind . only joking . my best friend as an istj . just recently she came over to visit ; she stayed the night at my place as she lives out of town . one of the ... no , i don't ' lose ' things unless i intend to . i also don't fall in love very easily for this to even become a possibility . most of my teachers in middle and high school had been utter shit because of their failure to teach even remotely properly . i remember teaching myself most everything and learning only a thing or two ... a random lg . my previous phone was a blackberry but its incompetence made me homicidal . no . in the end i'm just paying for a scrap of paper . painfully heterosexual but open and contemplative . i don't discriminate ; i generally hate both genders . i have an entj mother ; my father is irrelevant . my brother is istj but his personal passivity isn't worth mentioning as his personality , actions , and opinions have always been smothered by our ... this is irrelevant towards my intentions . i simply asked for personal experiences . i agree . it feels as if weddings are massive money pits - pedestals to prop one's self upon to be fawned over for an entire day . you're bribing guests to attend with food and alcohol while expecting ... omigosh i am totes gonna do my nails like this ! so sugoi ! ! : kitteh : http://i.imgur.com/Q99Om.jpg if i'm horny and it's convincing , yes . otherwise it's laughable and becomes comedic instead . i do only what is common sense and simple decency such as opening doors for others , picking up trash , etc . however , i don't feel these are selfless acts , but basic manners towards others and the ... and what if the problem isn't fixable ? ocd ? i don't believe mbti and disorders directly correlate . if anything , i am the antichrist to those who do have ocd . i've been curious about the personal feelings of istjs on this forum regarding failing to meet a goal or simply failing in general . when you do fail a task , how do you feel ? defeated ? worthless ? ... i thoroughly research people that catch my eye , yes . i have no qualms about snooping or being an undeniable creeper . i don't necessarily want to know them or even be remotely associated with them , ... agreed with jayde's sentiments - i have an unhealthy habit of hopping upon multiple new things until my interest is skewed to another . i have a wide array of skills but not a single one is mastered ... entire time was spent baffled by my own personality and how i felt mentally matured far above my peers . facades were in place and i kept to my corners while being an entirely different person to the ... it sounds as if you're catching pokemon . i hang out on route 120 in hoenn . pokerface reporting in . although i feel delighted , i do not regularly smile and will only do so when attempting to maintain the correct vibe of the situation at hand or in attempt to experimentally ... these words are foreign to my mouth , so it is definitely an awkward affair for me to say if i truly mean it . however , i think the difficulty mostly lies in my limited experience of admitting it . .. crooop ... they look so much more devious that way . a little cuddle-bunny-demon . in both the places i live i have too many pets or else i'd get a doberman almost right off the bat . you should get ... http://i.imgur.com/ozatb.jpg also , one last image of my kitty before i fly out to my second home later today where i have a new set of pets . : mellow : oh yes , i adore their aesthetics . they have high intelligence and high aggression towards strangers , but are utter cuddle-bunnies to their masters . i looove that about them . i was playing ... all the celebrities i adore aren't american . but as for american actors : russell crowe james franco brad pitt meryl streep will smith johnny depp reasons ? their acting . so delicious . i ... my best friend is an infj , also . not only are we polar opposites , but we piss each other off almost daily . it's very difficult not to irritate or anger her and we've known each other for a long time . i don't . luckily i can't murder with my eyes . yet . gladiator . i've seen it at least twenty times by now , though . it's always on tv . doesn't make me love it any less . .. physics . ... touche . why thank you good sir . her narcissistic self much appreciates any admiration directed her way . napoleptic i used to simply find them irritating and not my cup of tea .. until i was forced to ... i'm a bit of a violence and gore lover , so .. monster , darker than black , ergo proxy .. and of course elfen lied , cowboy bebop , death note , ghost in the shell , lain . on the plain blood and violence ... before i travel i tend to blindly pick out a book from a bookstore to discover something new . always fiction , however . slytherin . just because . : mellow : i usually only use dead or plotting . i , personally , would much enjoy a homicidal mood , though . http://i.imgur.com/RRsTe.jpg miiine . i love both cats and dogs given the dog breed is of the larger variety . i generally and irrationally hate small dogs with a burning passion . i've always ... i dance exquisitely . i used to be a choreographer before i fell ill . perhaps so . like many others . but this is a stereotype-themed thread . intuitive holds most prominent . there have been two nts in my family who've committed suicide .. in the most crude manner possible . there were no clues or even obvious reasons , we still don't really know why . at the time , they were ... i actually forced my parents to take numerous tests to figure this out as i don't get along with either of them even mildly . my mother is a blatant entj and my father is an estj . needless to say i ... i was a bit disturbed there was an entire labeled group similar to myself . '