then you didn't read my op . go back and read why i wrote this in the intj forum . i think you had a gut reaction without evaluating the actual content of my words . i feel like high fiving the two with 1-5 people . restraint ! well done ! not all visual communication has to be the exaggerated example i gave . i just used the extremes for the purposes of demonstration . there is such a thing as subtlety and tact . i grew up with an ... i'm sorry if i came off that way , that wasn't my intention . i didn't say even once that this was exclusively or mostly an intj problem . i think you need to go back and read it . you've read ... i have my close circle of friends and don't have many friends outside of that circle . i get that . i'm not popular . but i have tons of acquaintances / connections that i can call on for favors at any ... the way you talk about this , it sounds like you think sensors are just intuitives without intuition and intuitives have everything sensors have + intuition . what's your take ? not all ... by handicap , i mean it takes longer and more effort to deal with people day to day using words . i guess if you're only used to using words with the general public , it's boring , mundane and time ... i used the extremes to make my point . not all visual cues need to be broadcast at full blast , that would be the equivalent of being visually tone deaf . my fault for not realizing this was implicitly ... by deep connection , i don't mean soul mates . brief , passing but purposeful connections . the sort of connections that will get you into the backstage at a concert or your professor to help you ... i think this ^ is a better way of looking at the world . there are so many ways of communicating and even if i'm not immediately a fan of how someone expresses themselves , i will adapt to it . i think ... i didn't say faces always have to show emotion or be friendly . obviously a blank face can be another visual communication form . i'm referring to the number of inxx's complaining about social ... not sure why you feel the need to mock me or why you're reacting defensively . there are enough inxx's complaining about struggling to socialize in society and talking about social isolation that ... if most of the population are sensors , wouldn't it help to avoid things like this by expanding your communication tools to include a wider visual communication vocabulary ? maybe it's not a problem you deal with but i am seeing enough inxx's describing issues that suggest they're not communicating effectively with a significant portion of the population that they're ... i'm not hard wired to express thoughts and ideas using language . doesn't mean i can't learn it and haven't worked on it . if you need to communicate on some level with a dog or a toddler , do you ... that's not what i mean . visually expressive does not mean ditz or over playing it at all times . your description of the ditz is someone who isn't effectively expressing themselves visually . visual ... this reminds me that i wanted to get motion sensor lights in my dorm . otherwise , i didn't see it do anything that i'm not fine doing myself . and what of quality of connection ? when you need to convince people who aren't particularly rational and not able to see things objectively , how do you reach them ? because there are a lot of ... i see a pattern with inxx's saying they lack facial expression . does that have anything to do with the disdain i see on here from some toward those who rely heavily on visual cues to express ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xmap94TcDNs i feel like playing but it's bed time . they don't make all of them nf's . there's too often a bias in the people typing that regardless of the characters strength , if they show universally human traits , they must be nf's . have you experienced this at the college level as well ? still not ready to put those claws away , honey . takes you way too long to cool off . i don't door slam . i speak up for myself and don't need to get that mad . you're so much nicer than me . i probably would've asked him if the ground was cold when he crawled out of it this morning . the question wasn't about who is coolest . the question is who cares the most about being cool . that has never been my goal and i don't see it as the goal of estp's . we're content to make enemies and ... when he wouldn't work with me , i asked if he wanted to go to the ta and get a new lab partner if he thinks i suck so badly that he can't work with me . not sure how he'd come to that conclusion given ... can't remember exact wording , but i did my best to word it non-blackmail-y . :p roud : i've worked on this for months , he should be smart enough to see this coming anyway . nope . i've got confirmation that he opened it . you keep coming back for me and saying i'm the one that doesn't drop shit . cry me a river . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UKp2CrfmVfw depends on who it is . if i like and respect a person and they don't like me , i want to understand why . if i don't like them , i'd sooner jam a pencil in my eye and swirl it around real good than try ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KO_3Qgib6RQ you're presuming my grades aren't good ? i already addressed this in my posts . the point is for students to learn to work together and the material . not how efficiently it gets done . he has the option of getting a new lab partner if he thinks i can't do it . but he's failing to ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b-I2s5zRbHg of course the esxp's care most about being cool . except wait .. the ones on here trying to convince people they're cool are ... entp's . i argued my point . you guys got your panties in a twist , took your ball and went home . hadn't realized dp was so delicate . i've never tried beating the shit out of anyone . sounds like fun . do what everyone else does and steal shit or make it up . he's more entertaining left flying in the dark . he's articulated himself well enough that i'm comfortable passing that up . thanks . blow me . a . oh no ! my world will crumble now . b . i've said it before . if i'm annoying , you don't have to keep coming back here . i don't appreciate complete strangers pulling my tale repeatedly and i don't put up with it . if i'd seen indication that he was joking back and forth with someone , it wouldn't have bugged me . i don't ... do you only make a point or disagree with people when you're butt hurt ? you attribute a lot of things to me that i haven't said , thought or felt in your posts . i haven't felt disrespected by ... not expecting a babysitter . you've said he's up to this shit all the time . so you're aware of it . but his behavior hasn't changed . it would appear as it is , things have been ineffectual . i'm a ... i didn't think it was specifically about me and never did . i think we're missing each other . that type of humor only works if you already have a relationship with someone . if it was just a sense of ... are you sure they like it though ? if the forum is particularly inactive , i'd suspect they don't like it . they just pass it up .