' i wish i could focus on tasks i find boring without getting distracted . things would be a lot easier . just a picture of my cat's shadow on the wall while she was looking out the window . : 3 i didn't have that many pictures on my computer so i choose it , i like it . one time in high school during an assembly in the gym i was staring blankly into the bleachers full of people preoccupied with various unrelated thoughts . but then some kid saw me and waved to get my ... marry me ? whoops , i mean ... uhg , hi ? yeah that one . hi . :) i get pretty hungry before i cave in and finally get up to find something to eat . eating is terrible and gross . :'( i know i'll get used to it someday ... run ins with highly confrontational superiors and the vast meaninglessness of the universe . :'( my guess is most types ' roles in society were more important before modern technology and the population boom of the past century . i think the average infp excels at befriending amazing people , and ... a lot more now than i used to be . the universe will do what it's here to do , no one can change those rules . i've recently discovered it's usually more rewarding to learn how to enjoy things instead ... my only certainty is my uncertainty . * edit * actually , i'll humor you and give it a go , because i got nothing else to do right now . i am certain that whatever i tell myself to believe is what ... yeah , if someone comes up on me out of the blue ( even people i know ) i tend to freeze up while frantically searching for an appropriate response . usually it's something sarcastic to say / do , mostly to ... i refuse to ever choose 7 in a 1-10 guess . not since i read multiple sources stating it's the most common choice . i am different ! :P i will however , predict most intps will pick c except for a few ... yes , i do that all the time . everyone defines words so differently it's difficult to tell exactly what a person means sometimes . not only that , but some people are heavily influenced by the ... i haven't had any explosive anger in front of someone in a long time . when i'm angry around people i try to be by myself . then i explode . sometimes i break things . i try to go outside when i'm like ... talking to myself helps me figure out how i feel about certain things . i also keep a journal . i think it's really important to understand myself . generally by how respectful , considerate , and friendly they are . roughly in that order . the only way time travel interests me is if i could rewind it . undo things , try different paths . save at different points to go back to later . slowly build upon thousands and thousands of lives ... i don't think you need to be a female to have those feelings . it's always disheartening when someone tries to talk to me but i can tell they're getting bored with my lack of input . but i think if i ... give it time , try to look for the positives instead of negatives . talk to someone if you have to . just keep in mind you will find answers where ever you look for them , bright side or dark side . i guess i still haven't found a way to explain this without creating misunderstandings . words are stupid , i need a new language . objectivity can only be implemented within a system of rules . there are only two types of rules in the universe with which to create objective facts . one is the fundamental laws of the nature ; math , ... depends on my mood , the object of enthusiasm , and the enthusiast . on average i lean slightly towards disapproving . i can get enthusiastic over somethings , but not many . i mostly just disprove of ... i spend time in home , but i consider it more like spending time in my thoughts . holes and chipped paint . :D someone tell me how to insert spoilers and i'll edit this post to put them in . - why did you choose type xxx to be with ? for me it's a close call between infj and intp . i only have a small ... i have it hard enough trying to find one girl . xd i used to occasionally feel lonely , but never to a degree i needed to do something about . then i fell in love with a girl who wasn't prepared to love back . it left the hole , a need for a companion ... people compliment my looks just rarely enough that i can't tell if they are serious or making fun of me . :( personally i don't think i look bad , but i'm certainly not gorgeous . lol i started getting into typing around the same time i started getting into weed and alcohol , so it was really hard to determine for a while . thought i was intj at first , but te felt too conservative ... i think it could be a learned behavior in order to avoid conflict . the freedom to be myself without worry of random external interference . i have to know how much of myself i can reveal without conflict . it's a lot of focus without room for creativity . it's ... right now ; super smash bros 4 , play guitar , let myself be dragged to places ( and occasional parties ) by friends , smoking , ponder the universe , write in my journal , and ... lots of porn ... horaay ! ! the other day i was thinking about not smoking for a month , just to make sure i can . i have a much more detrimental addiction that would probably be easier to kick if i wasn't stoned all the time . i don't like cooking , but i don't like food either . i'm going to gene splice plants ' ability to photosynthesize into my dna using a modified virus . i might turn green , but i'll never need to waste ... it would be if i were desperate for intimacy ( beggars can't be choosers , amiright ? ) . i want it , but i don't need it , let alone need it right now . i believe if i can stay strong and open to new ... it's to attract the adorable nf types . :D i've also found female intps to be quite adorable . sometimes i rage and get violent with inanimate objects , sometimes i cry and feel sorry for myself . depends on my energy level and what caused me to get so worked up ( usually myself ) . if i dated people for practice i would feel like i was wasting their time . though it brings up a point ; i could actually try and consider the failures learning opportunities . i'm just weary of ... eh , i'm not so special that no one will love me . i'm just very aware of how much effort a relationship takes , less aware of how much love there needs to be to balance it . i want someone i'm willing ... i can party with good friends , but i don't like to drink anymore . drinking has had an adverse effect on my mental health . unsurprisingly , i'm still a virgin . i want someone that will care about me and won't abandon me after i inevitably get weird . brain dead activities are the safest and easiest not to * * * up . it also gives me a chance to day dream . mentally stimulating work , while fun , is unpredictable and energy intensive . it's a lot of ... oh man . communication is important , but the infj can get overwhelmed when the intp finally opens up . intps can be hurt if the infj ignores them . like most relationships , it depends on how much effort ... i'm intimately aware that life is all about what you make it . so i'll just say , for me , i am struggling to find meaning in most things . i'm scared of making choices because it's safer not to be ... i like my ability to simplify problems and assess them with little to no bais . i like seeing things in ways myself or others haven't . i dislike my lack of general awareness to reality . i ... i can't do one on one small talk . i'm better at it if there are two others there talking . that way i can listen and occasionally chime in when they finally say something interesting . you guys wanna go do something outside ? hahahahahahahha yeah right you sir , are a gentleman and a scholar . oh god . well ... at least i'm not angry bird . no way , i have absolutely no sense of direction . also , i don't poop on people's stuff . i'm like , erhmm ... about ten times classier than a pigeon . idk , i used to be able to sympathize with cats or owls , but now i think i'm too friendly to be either of those . i'm some kind of bird , i think . the kind that does most of it's communication with long ... '