' 1 . guys who have lots of power so that they triumph over their rivals , but are completely inept when it comes to the opposite sex - kip from the lightbringer trilogy - the main character from the ... intp , option 1 current obsessions include but are not limited to : - watching markiplier's playthrough of five nights at freddy's 4 - drafting magic origins online - organizing boardgame playgroups , and deciding ... i got clothes and thats it . i did not get one thing off my christmas list , so what was the point in asking for it ? if you're not going to give me something that i'm actually going to look forward to ... june 19th ... intp age 19 you can find me in classes , eating out , or at the local game store . nakama > fisher king > dominion > road eternal i would love to have such a bounty of friends , even though i would unknowingly lose 1 every reincarnation , i would probably have to commit suicide on that ... i'd prefer to be the best racquetball player in the world , as that will probably come up to be more than 65 dollars . i'd take animals here as it is currently impossible , unlike speaking another ... consent given i dreamed of an upheaval where i was betrayed and tossed into a pool with my girlfriend . a grate was opened and a shark was released , and i was bleeding . the shark had the lower half of me in his ... there's only one question in there , there isn't any second question to compare answers to . or am i missing something ? i may need this to be explained to me . question 1 to god a : do you speak randomly ? ask google times , da everytime . ( t = n , f = y ) question 2 to god b : do you speak truthfully ? ask google times , mixed answers of da and ja question 3 to god ... that reminds me , i got a gameboy color for christmas from my aunt one year , with either red or blue , and i played it for almost the rest of the night . i eventually got gameboy advanced , along with ... i'm feeling really nostalgic after reading a thread about how people got into civilization . i was sad because i just got into civ recently and felt that i missed out , so i want to post a story where ... what do you isfps think about us intps ? it's mostly a background process , so it may not be as apparent when you use it . isfp fi because of how you often take things personally se because of how you described wanting to go to that first picture , rather than describing it or thinking about it , you wanted to ... infj ni - how descriptive and in depth you went on those pictures is pretty stunning fe - youmentioned in your values that you didn't want to burden anyone ever , and i saw a lot of other things ... intp responding here and relating to what you posted . - very open minded . yes - believe everything can be improved yes - notice pattern where others may not . big yes here - love new ideas yes ... i would say infp . your introspectiveness comes from being introverted , and you kept talking about distancing yourself from stressing things . n is the reason you're always thinking , especially with ... this post basically perfectly described me as an intp , therefore intp . i would say istp i and t look nailed down from his testing results . s over n because of his response to number 8 . p because : this is p type behavior as they will draw internal conclusions ... on the the division e3 stage demo encounter , if i was a theoretical 4th person i would either : - be the guy that uses his teammates as a distraction to get behind and stealthily take out my enemies ... say you're playing a coop game or something pve focused online with other players such as borderlands , wow , the division , etc . what is your role / class / specialty in the group ? or rather , what does ... intps what has been your favorite job that you've had ? i'm just getting my first job now at cutco , and the flexible hours and pay rate sound really appealing , but it doesn't pay enough or ... 1 . to continue the family line and have someone to pass down all my family's history to . 2 . i want a daughter just to see what a female version of me would look like . i to e i have an entp best friend that's just amazing and such a role model . i have an annoying touchy istp friend so not that . thought i actually was infp at first , but i much prefer being ... - well you should almost be done with college now , unless you decide to go for a phd . you better have collected a multitude of new experiences and be a bit closer to settling down for good , you should ... i don't care about money , when i say this people assume i don't want lots of it . quite the opposite , i dont want money to ever be an issue , i want to get what i want because i want it , not because ... i have the opposite of this , i don't hear sounds i don't like , such as the phone ringing . i'll be right next to it , and won't even hear it . scratch that , i can't stand the sound of pencils , i ... i actually really don't like that picture , makes me feel cold and alone just looking at it , of course i am an intp , but i think something sexy , secluded , and warm would be better to look at . either ... my favorite villians are the ones that kill their underlings for not sticking to the plan , like raping some girl when they shouldn't have , or killed someone unnecessarily . ... baby don't hurt me , don't hurt me , no more . my eye color is my avatar , it appears that i'm not the only intp obssessed over eye colour . some cross of gray green and blue . i voted for both gray and green , as my eyes are gray-green it seems that it hasn't yet been updated for 1.5 ... to those of us who play minecraft , what are some favorite servers of you to go on ? i'm curious if any fellow minecraft players would be willing to host a server for the members of perc to gather on and experience the game together . i'd run one , but the only server i've ran needed ... i couldn't really tell you how i felt about something if my life depended on it . i could lie and make you believe it , but that is beside the point . i wish felt more emotion , positive emotion at ... this is kind of like the question , what did / do you want to be when you grow up ? but without so much focus on professions . more like a lifetime want in the sims 3 , basically what you orient your ... subjects in school that i like : - geneology - statistics , mainly probability - psychology some dreams i have : - build a human dna library , complete with search functions and family trees _be the ... watching this video in english class http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g7_lx5mjaxQ as the first guy starts singing this girl in my class said that if i were a singer , i would sing like him . i wasn't ... doublerainbows for the mutually exclusive part , when i'm spending time with my girlfriend we always do things together . most oftenly watching movies , being physical , and her trying her hand at video ... well the friday after christmas i got civilization v and now i have over 120 hours on it , making it my top played game ever , aside from world of warcraft . others : call of duty series ( i don't ... well i'd act like him if i saw that a possible end to a relationship was in the making to allow my partner to make educated , rational decisions . i want you to stay with me because you want to , not ... friendships ? men , any women i spent too much time with , i would develope a crush on , well not now , but my girlfriend is also my friend . what were your teen years like ? i'm still in my senior year of my high school , and basically i hate being bothered by my family while at home . during my freshmen and sophomore years i would forego ... it's alternate history , that japan thing you see is actually california separated from the rest of america by earthquakes . the world is also colder and the ice caps have grown , reducing the water ... http://fc06.deviantart.com/fs47/i/2009/240/7/e/Fantasy_Map___Second_Gold_War_by_Sapiento.pnghttp://www.roadandtrack.com/var/ezflow_site/storage_RT_NEW/storage/images/future-cars/first/2014-ferrari-f12 ... spyker c8 spyder http://gomotors.net/pics/Spyker/spyker-c8-spyder-t-05.jpg camaro / lambo hybrid http://www.topgear.com/uk/assets/cms/00ee328e-28ed-4001-bd0d-3c1de1ae9045/Large%20Image.jpg so ... i love and hate winter for varying reasons . hate it because of the ball shrinking cold and inability to drive my camaro and not being able to go swimming outdoors . i like it because of the ... '