' i get 4-6 hours during the week without caffeine . sometimes naps . the naps i take are short . i sit in a chair , hold something ( a pencil / utensil ) over something solid on the ground ( a ... depends on the day . if i'm thoroughly wiped , maybe 10-15 minutes . otherwise , it could take hours . i can't clear my head or i get bored just lying there . it drives me insane . sort of . i get them if too much negative stimuli piles up at once . ( i think it's a stress + se thing . ) if i get them , i get them very suddenly ; i'll be fine one moment , and then someone will be ... - intimidating - both intense and the chillest person i know ( idk ) - shut up - - we don't need your cynicism . - you're like a robot - too smart for your own good - do you ever talk ? ... productivity . no plans , but it might happen . i can't think of anything that i'd want to permanently put on my body . coding . art , acting , writing , music , reading . pursuing random curiosities . alas , that's not the case . i was doing something mildly illegal and made a lot of people online angry . they figured out where i was and started coming for me , so i had to pack some bags and run . i ended up taking a series of ... the other day i watched only lovers left alive . doesn't necessarily appeal to an intj ( / not very mentally stimulating ) . it's probably a better nf movie . in any case , it was a good movie for what it ... toast . it's less to get down and far more compact . cereal is inefficient . i'm closest with an infj . generally , infjs and intps provide the best relationships , but i love working with entps . it's like not being too weird but still being a little weird ( because there's always something to make you different ) . it makes everyone else very abnormal , though - - i can be surprised by things ... i'm gonna be real : dropping hints is a really ineffective way of communicating [ with an intj ] . he may think he's reading things wrong . he may be missing them entirely . it's terrifying to say things ... my family only eats at restaurants occasionally , and we usually return to the same ones . i stick with the same dish every time - - why risk being disappointed with an expensive dinner ? in any case , i ... i don't usually get insecure with people that are smarter than i . if i'm not interested in their area of intelligence , i'll just respect them from a distance ( if i care at all ) . if i am , i'll ... not to interrupt the proud parent group , but : i'm happy when i've improved something to make it more efficient . some time ago , my class was given an activity that involved using a spreadsheet . it ... close . father is fairly laid-back and willing to let his children do as they will , but very traditional and conservative in beliefs . dislikes authority and new things . not particularly emotional , ... these types of threads always weird me out a little because they don't really address the real problem : that certain traits are associated with gender due to such a rigid divide within society ... crackers and hummus . i'm not hungry but it's healthy to eat , so ... if it's very apparent , i'm sure it would benefit the slower members of the forum if you explained your reasoning . without a valid explanation ( that is more descriptive than so obvious ) , you ... the problem with attempting to type people by reading profiles in general is that they tend to describe behaviors rather than mental processes . even in reading this one , i can't see harry as an ... if it isn't something serious , i try to give people a second chance . in general , i'm friendly acquaintances with plenty of people i don't like , some of whom have caused personal offense . while i'd ... i ( intj ) never got into chess because my older brother ( intp ) was good at it before i was , and i didn't really want to compete . so i'm not very good . however , another intj ( my age , competition-level ... my older brother is an intp . we both stay in our rooms the majority of the time but will walk across the house to talk to each other or if we need something . me : i need money . him : for ? me : ... keep in mind that she is probably deeply affected by this ( she's deflected your attempts at conversation about it ) . intjs in general prefer to lick their emotional wounds in private . i don't go to ... i usually don't observe my emotions ... not really a conscious thing , i just don't think about doing it . one day i realized that i was a pretty unhappy person . ( at least with the situation i'm ... in spanish class , with my teacher ( from spain ) trying to translate something to english : him : he ... dro - - drooned . me : ( from the back of the classroom ) drowned . he gave me a somewhat surprised ... i need alone time . after i rest , i plan everything that i'm going to do . then i do it . put everything on hold for a bit . it'll wait , and you won't do it ( or you ) much good if you're in unhealthy ... what are your favorite works written by british authors ? why ? personally , i like aldous huxley's brave new world . i'm primarily drawn by his diction and what the book creates in my head , but . i have one to keep my vague network . it's also pretty convenient as a student , though i don't necessarily need it . and my relationship with some people is maintained exclusively through online ... here's a list of hobbies and things you could try out . i watched 12 episodes of this instead of working yesterday . i hope you're happy . a definite intp . i'd hazard mason as an nfp , betty as an nfj , and rube an etj . trying to sleep . i'm almost delirious but can't sleep . genius : the life and science of richard feynman - by james gleick an infj , but i sometimes doubt how close we are . i think we're drifting . my brother is an intp but we don't talk as much as we used to . i have a few isps that like to follow me around , but ... there are a lot of people who feel the same way - - it's a multiracial thing , feeling lost and torn between cultures and expectations . i don't have much useful advice to give because i'm not hit with ... warning : do not touch without permission . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d85YyEDTBMU i think i was caught off-guard . still not finished with high school , but ... my freshman year teacher was fantastic and gave me more appreciation for things that i probably wouldn't have been big on previously . favorites : much ... usually , the least social in the social setting . includes just sitting and watching people or being completely checked out . glares are also a good indicator - - intense faces and solitude in ... loki from the marvel movies is debatably an infj ( though is often typed as intj because people can't imagine an f who's good at planning and genocide . wait , that's hitler ) . what you said reminded me ... my friend broke up with her first partner and she's distraught . how do i comfort ? what do i say ? do ? ( forgive my t . ) actually , some people aren't born with distinctly male or female parts - - called intersex . also , to get some terminology straight : ( dunno how much has been said before . i got bored reading the ... i'd probably be surprised , but wouldn't laugh . the past has passed ; it's the future you can change . that you're working to learn is respectable . and use the internet to your advantage - - i haven't ... well , i suppose it's worth noting that i do enjoy the trust , or the confirmation thereofr . i don't know about your intp . i just don't enjoy the actual practice . i do both , but i think i'm a ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q3JjlkfX5Gk i like the drastic changes , though it does get repetitive . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q3JjlkfX5Gk so , i filled out a survey . thanks for taking the time to read , if you do - - i'd like to know what you think . 1 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a ... not my thing . disturbing with the title . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nuCK_HhYHnM i like the energy / beat and the video's pretty entertaining . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aommAoyyR5Y&feature=kp '