' actually , that's exactly right . how you've been treated in the past combined with how you've learned to cope with that treatment , good or bad , dictates how you act in the present . it's not just the ... not quite , but almost . like i said , freudian psychology . you're on the right track to an extent , how you were treated earlier on did lead to who you are today . it stands for most people as long as ... depending on what you mean by that , yes ... i'll buy freudian psychology to an extent . conversely , i can explain a few ways in which i interact with the world and how i think impacts my appearance ... depends on the reason . if the job is a bad fit for you and you know about this , you're being preemptive . if it's because you can't stand the people you work with , that's petty . if you have time to ... thank you for putting it in a creative writing format , i appreciate that immensely , but i cannot force myself to read all of that . i read a bit of it though , the teleporter bit . personally believe ... i've got an infp buddy . he's cool , suave , a real pal , but we can't speak close to the same language . depending on what's going on , one of us will be the slowone . if me and my intj friend are going ... i like realistic science fiction , one that follows the basic laws of physics or has some kind of reasoning behind it . science fiction like the alien series , minority report , irobot , and that can ... yep , all the physical stereotypes fit here . i've got the slanted posture , the stone-dead face that doesn't change unless i'm actively trying , the soulless eyes , the wiry frame , you name it . i'm ... heh , doin ' that right now ! i'm in a moral dilemma because i've always considered myself to be neutral , living in a world of gray instead of black and white . i'm a walking contradiction , a hardest ... it means be happy that you're an intp or intj unless you happen to be a condescending , heartless prick . admittedly , it's not my cup of tea , but it's quite good and enjoyable to listen to . i'm more of an alternative rock kind of guy , but i'd recommend it to others . so intj's ... arethe majority of you workaholics ? all the intjs i know will work themselves to sickness if they feel even the tiniest shred of responsibility for a task . this only pertains to the ... my best friend is an estp and he does some artwork , but not that much . he's drawn out all the tattoos he's had , but i'd say he creates situations . i'd say that the song there's one in every crowd ... step 1 : roll fruit roll-up into ball . step 2 : shove entire thing in mouth . step 3 : poorly attempt to chew while slobbering like an idiot and experiencing the bliss that comes between opening your ... i'm not a flake . i don't know what you're talking about . i'm perfectly reliable all the time for any reason . i don't have a problem . * darts eyes about room while casually sipping sodau 200b * yep . at the end of the day , when all is said and done , the only one i'll have to rely on is myself , and if i can't do that what kind of man am i ? most everyone i have ever met and the majority of ... intp , because of love expressed through mathematics . heh , thanks for stroking my ego ! ... i still think it looks kind of dumb , though . used to look like this : 83226 until the barber cut my hair shorter on top without asking and trimmed the front so it ... anyone in need of a clinically insane intp a . k . a . a run-of-the-mill intp to talk to for any reason ? i'm interested , but i'm too apathetic to set something up . also my timezone is fucked up , so ... pretty straightforward , what trait do you posses that you would think is closely associated with the intp personality ? blunt honesty , analytic nature , highly logical mental process , social ... i'll give you that , that's true . no , i don't know everything for certain , but then again no one does . hell , i'm a bit of a solipsist , so i can relate just a tad . but i'll further justify myself that ... dawilliams , thank you for your sentiment . you have some truth to your insight , but i get along with istps just fine ( i know many of them . my father , brother , and several friends and acquaintances ) , ... brush your teeth and keep your body moving . drink water often and sit awkwardly to maintain discomfort and make it impossible for you to fall asleep . if you smoke or chew tobacco , do that . get a lot ... it's already dead and has been transformed into a food source , and if you don't buy it and eat it someone else will , so why even bother with the guilt ? it's not like you can stop the farming of ... i have an istj associate that i could only accurately describe as my rival at this point . we can get along in a neutral environment outside of work and we have a lot in common , but it's the same ... i blank out so often i've become infamous among the people i know for having the worst short term memory on the planet . i often get flak at work for setting my energy drink down somewhere and ... books won't really help that much . a lot of that comes from experience and reflection . i'll tell you a few things that works for me , i'm a pretty social intp . first , use your social ... hate to double-post like this , but the barber shop jacked up my haircut so i'm putting up a new photo to reflect change . i think it looks pretty stupid compared to my last one , but here's the way i ... it is the condition of not knowing , or being unaware . you don't know or notice something if you are oblivious to it . - - - i would call it a little of both a blessing and a curse . it's a curse ... that , you are one phat cat . true dat . who do i have to kill to get fantastic skin like that ? :) no seriously , you draw that yourself ? pretty interesting . i like the ink work on the clothing ... sorry guys , i don't think he's changing his mind . look , 2fast , i'll try to convey the point i think everyone is trying to show you as clearly and objectively as i'm able . i think what most people ... that ... was one of the dumbest videos i'll see all week . question aside , the video basically boiled down to people use symbolism ! they use it to subtly influence you ! , which is painfully obvious in ... new guy just moved in with me , and he's an alright guy . likes computers , bit of a script kiddie , but i work in it so he'll ask my professional opinion a lot . he's conscientious and everything , an all ... entj , because you're avatar mentions budget cuts . well that's interesting . so far i've got a couple nays , a few yays , and a truckload of fuck nos . trends i'm seeing are as follows : - i've noticed a trend in having breathing / asthma issues enough ... you bring up a good point , but i thought a simple do or do not would suffice , as in current day . i'm reading the posts and not just taking the polls , so the poll isn't that serious . it's good insight ... i'm going to play devil's advocate here . i read that post , and i know nothing of the previous posts , but it sounds like tumblr justice to me . that is , someone feeling slighted when they honestly ... hmm . interesting . at least i'm gathering data , aren't i ? can't ignore results . i'll admit , i smoke . i've rationalized it , and it's not all good , but i'll put it here for any of those who would ... i've got what you've got , which is what i've come to assume the majority of intps have . but i'm getting better at it , and i have advice ! i don't know how well this might work , considering ... i read in a book somewhere ( the secret lives of intps i believe ) that intps are the myers-briggs personality type most likely to smoke . and not only that , but a large margin . so i'm curious , how ... intj - critical , brutally honest , with a hint of disdain and callousness . when you start a conversation about that new burger place you went to and end it talking about the prospective uses of quantum computing . ignore the typo in the title . not intentional , but a mistake nonetheless . hey there istj forum . the question is in the title of course , so i'll cut to the chase . i've been interested in the ... technically that's true . it would take a super computer or a god to calculate the massive amounts of data at all , and it would need to be done faster than time . realistically , impossible ... i'm not a huge fan of anime ( i enjoy the art styles , but am nowhere near otaku level . frankly , i find much of it inane and a lot of the culture turns me offgives me the creeps ) , but i do enjoy some ... it's an intp thingy to act very take it or leave it for most things so people like us normally wouldn't care , and i'll agree with that to an extent . although , when i discovered solipsism i was ... i chose to be a villain . not because i'm evil or dream of being evil , far from it . being the hero generally means following society's generally accepted views of good and lawful ... whether or ... i second that notion ... except for chemistry . for whatever reason , i do phenomenal at science and math but when you combine the two you might as well be speaking swahili . as no surprise to many , i ... father : istp brother : istp mother : estj being the only intuitive of my immediate family , i'm generally seen as the oddball with a screw loose , but they appreciate my different form of thinking ... i've invented solipsism . and laplace's demon . that last one was during the nfl draft pick earlier this year . currently , i'm working on ( i . e . theorizing about and mentally constructing ) military ... '