' they will make the time to spend quality time with you and will go to great lengths to ensure you are well taken care of . :) i found that i clicked with nfs best though this is no guarantee the relationship will last if both parties aren't willing to put in any effort . it also depends on what stage you are in life , what ... there's a post on raptitude.com ( don't remember the title ) but it's related to this post . basically , the reason why other people see our problems more clearly than we do is because they are detached ... ditto . once infjs like you and the feeling is mutual , they will make sure you're well taken care of . this includes asking what you've been up to or if there's anything we can do to keep you happy . hey rezo , is that avatar of yours from ff xiv ? yeah to each their own . it depends on what people want to achieve . i'm sure you know the feeling of turning on a game console / pc at 6 pm and then ... but online games like mmorpgs can be quite addictive and thus making certain people unable to experience real-life interaction to due spending a disproportionate amount of time in front of the ... hey , i don't see the need to view crying as a struggle . it's a coping skills , more like a healthy one if done in moderation . in fact , bottling it all up inside is detrimental . ever noticed the relief ... i can't even let go of my ipod nano that i bought in july 2007 ... though there's the occasional need to restart it still works like a charm . i'm thinking how hard that would be to part ways with ... hey man , hope you don't find this offensive ( it's actually a compliment ) , but you're way stronger than you think . give yourself a credit . i don't usually see entps all of a sudden going emotional ... that you do not have to do what you have always been told . the more enfp + infj memes the better yeah i know this is an old thread as well . so old but my undying flames to enfps never wither ... when you realize silence is not always golden . when you over-analyze everything . yeah been there done that . one thing i learned was that i could never please everyone . ^ + 1 hey jenecis , simply put it , salvation is earned by grace through the confirmation of faith . going through life , however , means having to learn what it takes to survive , which is a never ending ... noted . chess pieces ? are you thinking of pawning them all ;) ? yeah the mbti can be a double-edged sword . so how to get out of the self-defeating box that you described in order to improve ? ix92ve been here for a while , but this is probably going to be my first thread ( aside from the comments / replies in othersx 92 ) . if itx 92s not apparent already , the world is dominated by s , t , or st ... introverts can reserved or shy . i personally have been experienced both modes , but when i suddenly act like an extravert , the look on people's faces , their dismay , their astonishment ... priceless .  ... “ the point was to learn what it was we feared more : being misunderstood or being betrayed . ” ― adam levin , the instructions doing the same mundane stuff over and over , and over “ never allow someone to be your priority while allowing yourself to be their option ” ( unknown ) . i've been treated this way as well . it's just the way humans are . and i'm sure i'll encounter this ... i'm all ears . enfps are always welcome here . right , even research has shown that lack of sleep interferes with performance and causes a rise in cortisol , which leads to more stress . the link between physical / mental stress and insufficient rest ... glad to hear that . your post reminded me of a quote by plato : be kind , for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle . yes , one should treat others in the way he / she would like to be treated . but let's look at this case scenario . i'm the one who expects my closest relatives to care about me but cannot , or i should ... there was a post in our forum telling that all types , infjs included , long to be understood . this could be the root cause of all of the chaotic events in the world as empathy is rarely found these ... some of the ways to cope with difficult situations : - increasing physical activity - seeking support from friends , family members , or relatives - spirituality the biggest misconception that people make is that if that unconditional love is truly the one , then i don't have to do any work . then when a problem surfaces , i mistakenly think this is not the ... hanging around people that i'm not familiar with drains my energy quickly . sometimes this situation is unavoidable ; best to keep the guard up . when you welcome yourself , either voluntarily or involuntarily , to the world of indifference where nobody cares about you unless you have something to offer . the infj actors ( from the many faces ... those calling us selfish either : - have barely uncovered the first layer of the onion - judge us from our dispassionate facial expressions frankly speaking , we all have our selfish moments ( it's ... very well-said . i might add that projecting fe not only makes others uncomfortable , but us infjs as well . showing our vulnerable side in public is probably the last , if not the last , thing we ever ... + 1 as eyes are the window to the soul , the infamous infj death stare may have a serious repelling effect to those who have limited experience with ni-fe users . i have learned that miracles can happen if i have faith and put 100 % + work . i was about to mention that , but you said it perfectly . a better approach would be to find a healthier way to express negative emotions , and then figure out ways to tackle our issues with or without the help of others . listening to people's problems is ... when your professors and parents give you that attitude , how do you respond ? how do you cope in the long-term if it's something you have to face on a regular basis ? yeah i was just making a ... i know what you mean . if someone's venting out , i won't respond by telling them how great my day was . i'll listen and try to avoid talking about me . but most of the time , when it's my turn , they ... people are just too selfish . what bothers me is that the next thing you know , infjs are accused of being selfish self-centered individualistic egoists , which is not true at all . being socially ... being perfectionist means striving to be a better version of yourself , not by comparing to others . is that superiority complex or inferiority complex ? neither . about working in low-paying jobs ... from the nature vs . nurture debate , personality is a product of genetics and ultimately shaped by the environment in which the person grows up . the hereditary properties have existed since the said ... empathy is also possessed by thinkers ; they just don't choose to use it that often . sometimes people just can't be open about what they want . quasi-identical relationships as defined by socionics are characterized by major misunderstanding . so there's an infj living in toowoomba as well as an enfp in brisbane qld . no , it is not . for instance , no matter how giving and selfless a mother is to her son , even though she says she never expects anything back , she will still be grateful if her son at least shows her ... '