' i need all of you to watch this right now http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vridzzySNkc#t=24 do you ever feel like you're incredibly stupid ; like you're the one in the room who just doesn't get it ? i feel this way all the time , and i think its taken a humongous toll on my psyche . like , the ... this thread is amazing and i can not begin to explain how much i relate to all of this . for the past few years , friends and family have suspected me to have some kind of mental illness , whether ... i become almost mute , usually only talking low and monotone when it is completely unavoidable , laying my head down whenever possible . now that i think about it , this has been happening a lot lately . my dog spot ( holy shit , this movie tho ) the odd life of timothy green les miserables the curious case of benjamin button a very tigger movie forrest gump up i think the meaning of life is different for each person . mine is to be happy . i know this is a personal issue and i should just work it out on my own , but whatever . i am so jealous of my bestfriend . she is just so pretty and social . she has perfect everything . when we go ... i'm almost positive that is at the oklahoma art museum . i have been there a few times and there is a hallway that looks exactly like this . i'm having the hardest time making a name for her . its very bothersome because i do not have a name to put in my novel , and have to put ( the girl ) in the places a name would go . help me name her ? ... do you ever just not want to talk ? sometimes when i'm asked a question or something that would usually require an answer , i just do not want to talk . my family gets mad at me all the time , thinking ... i feel like everyone is like me an doesn't even listen to the other peoples songs . oh well . :) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uf7Z_JXQq1o ' the weird girl ' is my official title to almost anyone who knows of me . i wanted to be a zoologist or an astronaut . i used to try and memorize everything about every kind of animal i heard about so i would be a good zoologist . :P yes . uncontrollable socialistic behavior jumps me and steals all my happys , causing me to deflate and become anti-social again . 46321 i always squint when i smile :( i feel if i'm myself , people will reject and hate me . many avoid me already , and it makes me so sad . i try so hard to be a person people would like but there is always someone who dislikes me ... i use humor too , i don't even try to . i also avoid awkward / rejection / bad situations / people like the plague ; like telling someone you like them , or raising your hand in class . man oh man does this situation sound painfully familiar . i just let my relationship drift more when mine ignored me . i still don't know if it was a good decision , but what can you do . maybe he's just ... we are ... slimes ? gross and green and gooey ? cool . why must it be a real name , i like the name boop for a little green slime with no gender . ( that is what i'm imagining in my head when i think ... i don't think i'm going to list them all but some of the most important ones are - treat every living thing with kindness and understanding . ( including flies ... ) - don't be selfish , think of other ... after a person explains something complicated to me the second time - oh , ok . that makes sense . in my head , ' um ... what ? no comprende . nod nod , look smart . maybe if i asked them one more time ... no ... i would give up everything in my life to be an astronaut . the first ocean city dweller , a world traveling vagabond , time traveler , an engineer who makes space cities ... and many many more fanciful ... longing for a boy named brady to sing me a lullaby . he has the perfect voice for it . ( i sound like a creep :) cussing makes me feel dirty , like i just said something horrible . i know this is silly , because it is just a word . i don't normally cuss , and when i do , its only for emphasis , and never around adults . my grandma died today . i saw her take her last breath , and felt her heart stop . i don't know how to deal with this pain . she has been here all my life and helped raise me . now i feel as if this is ... thank you . most of my stories are in my mind ... its just so hard to write things out , y'know ? i will have to think long and hard about those darn twins ! i also love the name phoenix . :) something ... what are your characters like ? the main ones usually share mostly the same thought patters as me , since most of them are in first person . i once made a very angry main character , but i just made it ... sideburns <3 i like stubble more than a full beard , though if shaved right , yes it is attractive . i'm actually amazing in science , but math is my kryptonite . though if you leave me alone with anything long enough , i'll figure it out by myself . i remember when i was 8 and my mom left me home alone ... oh , i'm sorry ... i didn't mean to mess up the game ... ( i just realized i did it wrong ... im such a dummy ! ignore my post please . ) gee willikers , i've never been mentioned for anything like this before ! it makes me feel special . :) i think im a little younger than most of you so my stuff might not be exactly like yours : happy : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W928muwER5E http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lkkD3TLaOfA yes . :) deadpool is my favorite super hero . :) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oDpXu4j7ibM&feature=player_embedded# ! ( 4:22 is when it really starts , so skip to that unless you like lots and lots of ... you are a genius . its perfect ! : shocked : i thanked you with a thank , but i didn't feel it was thankful enough , so thanks . :) touch my nose , wiggle my toes , being me is ok i suppose . i'm not good at poetry . ^ ^ when walking past my bathroom , i sometimes glance at the mirror . sometimes , i get the strong realization that ' i am a physical person , this thing im looking at is me . ' i guess most of the time , since ... 1 . what sort of activities / clubs / sports do you participate in ? i swim in my backyard , go to work , and stay the night at my friends houses . i used to be in this weird sport called color guard , but ... i munch on things one after the other . mainly to fill the ' hole ' . : unsure : ( im almost always in some kind of depressed mood , hence my weight problem . t . t ) i hate being a infp five ! im always anxious and never content with myself , and im so emotional and it makes everything feel worse . i am an infinite loop of confusion and contradiction ! i want to be ... wow ! thanks so much ! that helped a lot ! so i thought i was positive that i was an infp . i have taken multiple tests several times ( i know they are not concrete , or necessarily accurate ) and have scored infp on almost every one except a few ... yay ! im so excited to get to know you ! im also excited for everyone else and wish you all the best of luck with your new penpals ! so many exclamation marks ! :D i like things being clean but the process isn't always very fun , though i have been forced since as long as i can remember to clean , so its not hard . my room tends to be a little messywith canvas , ... so something i have always done is associate numbers with personalities and genders . such as 1 and 2 are best friends and are both guys . everybody likes 1 because he's so cool and , 5 is a bossy ... ' respect me ' , spacificly from my dictator of a step dad . feet hurt badly . oh yeah , you could also use the whole infp penpal thing and email someone all you want :) infp girls do give pretty good advice huh ? lol , whatever the problem , we are all willing to listen to your troubles . :) '