' we - of the other 15 mbti types - have surely noticed the predominance of entj avatars featuring big cats like tigers , lions , pumas , ocelots , etc . what i am driven to wonder is : why do you guys ... inspiration keeps me up . at nighttime , i sometimes am able to solve problems that i couldn't think of a solution to for hours , days , or even months . i come up with a slew of creative new ideas , ... ... ok , this is officially the strangest mbti test i've ever seen ! that said , it did type me as an enfp ... but i know that's because they were asking for each of the mbti dichotomies and i put e , ... if it leaps out at me , i type them ( or at least narrow it down ) . otherwise i don't get so caught up in all that unless they really intrigue me or i seek a close friendship with them . i was ... seems very isfp to me ! your type : enfp extravert ( 44 % ) intuitive ( 62 % ) feeling ( 50 % ) perceiving ( 22 % ) wow ... i guess i already am who i want to be . i expected the answers i put in to yield results that differed by at ... just because we're not deliberate , doesn't mean we're not analytical . just because we're chatty , doesn't mean we're not actually quite thoughtful . just because we tend to smile , doesn't mean ... your perception is accurate . people socially construct reality based on norms , since it is all humanity has as a guideline for operation . without knowledge of a comprehensive universal truth , ... as an enfp , i get this . a lot . : frustrating : but the best remedy is to say it anyway until you find someone else who shares your interests . people are like sand on the beach . you gotta sift ... well , she was a stranger back then . then it became something more ! and then i had to move to another place , and the love fizzled out . it's a shame . while i don't agree with the terms of what you said , i do agree with the basis of it . this topic already has instances where instead of saying type xxx has certain traits that go against how i ... enfp - 9/10 . i was literally just being myself , and everyone knew me and i was respected by all . i think it's because of my infectious charisma , good cheer , and kindness to everyone . also , my ... some sort of exfp , for sure . she's got strange beliefs and gets intuitive premonitions ( that tend to be right ) , but she's also somehow closeminded at the same time and takes in a lot of stimuli from ... ah , i remember that fateful day . i had already known about the mbti from my intj father , but one day i just decided to test myself all on my own rather than accepting what he assumed i was . after ... 1 ) what is your mbti type ? - enfp ! :p roud : 2 ) what is your gender ? - slightly male . 3 ) what type ( s ) do you admire / respect the most ? ( why ? ) - intjs , primarily . they are the perfect mix of ... so much frustration in this topic . : sad : oc ( though i'm used to the term tc ) used chess pieces to illustrate a sociological concept involving mbti types . people ( mostly sensors ) got offended ... my father is an intj , and he taught me to use critical thinking and intuition to make decisions . the way he raised me , i grew to analyze the actions of myself and others rather than simply following ... now this is just beautiful ! you should make sure to get it out there so people see it ! :p roud : to speak for my own type box , i like that enfp has a dolphin in it . it's very fitting , just like the ... the sound , primarily . that sells the song for me . the vocals usually are an important complement , although they sometimes ruin / smother the song . the lyrics don't factor into my enjoyment , though if ... you - [ enfp ] your spouse - [ isfp ] one child - [ infj ] three good friends - [ istj ] [ esfp ] [ infp ] one business partner - [ entj ] one person you employ - [ isfj ] one person who looks after your ... the username sends a message of independence that is most likely meant to complement the fluttershy pic of your avatar . i'd say intx . i think all enfps are ambiverts , to some degree . the balancing act between people and ideas is one that all enfps must perform . i'm a big fan of catalan . not only does it sound beautiful , but my ancestors are from that area ( catalonia , an area now belonging to spain and france ) . i'm definitely going to learn it someday ... my best friend ( a male istj , you know they can be gruff ) told me just yesterday that he admires , and even was jealous of at times , my self-confidence and charisma . he says that it's amazing how i can ... chaos which you must order - mostly nj ? chaos which you must traverse - philosophical stance , not really a type thing order which you must experience - mostly sj ? order which you must destroy - ... i believe it's more than just a case of introversion or extroversion . i think their cognitive functions play more into this than the letters themselves . it's all about what they focus on ( e . g . se or ... around ages 10-12 is a good place to start . there's no harm in re-administering the test every year or so until then , and using your own judgment of his traits to help him out if he thinks his type ... i don't know if any true correlations can be discovered , but perhaps there are types that are predisposed to either stay in one place or travel around . whether the person follows suit is up to them , ... i don't know if this is because i'm an enfp , or just a personal thing , but i'm quite eager to show the world what i've got . it makes no sense to me not to . so i readily put my best self out there ; ... common reaction to me , as a male enfp : aww , he's so cute ! ( not that i mind ) enfp - squirrel rocket raccoon ( particularly from the recent guardians of the galaxy movie ; i've never read his comics ): estj . rover mishiranu neko ( from animal crossing ): based off how he is in-game , i'd say ... if it was wontlookdown , it'd be estx . but as it is , without full capitalization , it sounds more like the lyrics to a song , and i'd say entp . do you mean that in general , or in terms of this forum ? i see no reason why you couldn't suggest another term , if you're focused on perc . i'm an enfp who is mainly a sanguine , though i suspect that i also have a bit of choleric in me . i used to be quite depressed , but i never did cry very much . whenever i did , it hurt . it felt rough , or like an ever-so-slight burning sensation . i would just keep my mind clouded and in darkness , ... * hugs you * don't worry , we've all been there before . if you want to share your story , i'd be happy to listen . no matter what , though , just remember that what happened was temporary , and life goes ... i used to be too nice . now i'm just nice , because i learned how to assert myself against those who would try to direct my kindness against my own judgment . sometimes the kindest thing you can ... back when i was all anxious and depressed , i used to be obsessed with the thought of nuking the planet so that no single living thing would survive in it . i would do this in order to ensure that no ... isfj . i have often wished it and thought deeply about it . i don't know why it's so significant to me , but some things about being a girl really jive with me . my gender , in general , is a really ... happiest : normal enfp saddest : depressed enfp as an enfp , i've been called smiley due to my huge tendency to smile . i'm very excitable , so smiles are something that are inevitable in my life ! :p roud : i'm sensing a theme here , when it comes to you and main antagonists ... ( jk ) i don't know if jontron ( jon jafari ) has been done yet , but i'd pin him for an enxp . most people say entp , but i could also see enfp . btw , james rolfe ( avgn ) when not in his nerd persona is a ... enxp - you're not only fun and free-spirited , but you're thoughtful , too ! i am also a person who thanks the people . but seriously though , haven't had anything but smooth sailing here on perc so far , so props ! also , thanks to regular members for being so nice and ... i never go incognito like that . i see no point in keeping everything a secret . secrets give way to curiosity , you know , which just drives the very breaches of privacy that people fear . let me stop you right there , because this is the crux of the issue . you don't have a healthy perception of what it means to be an introvert versus an extrovert . introverts do get lonely . everyone ... sorry i took a bit to get back to you ! life and stuff , you know . first off , let me just say that these two characters are the ones that i am least sure of in terms of their type . for my ... '