' i don't get nervous as much as i did when first starting to drive . but i still hate it as much as i did back then and avoid doing it whenever possible . it was actually my parents who convinced me ... in my room . i don't like going out alone just due to shyness and i guess when i do go out with friends i'm too absorbed in their company to be approachable . c + + is very useful and pretty accessible , from what i remember . programming languages in general take some getting used to , but once you know one the others come easily . it's definitely a good ... i just read a few pages and wow , there are some really beautiful things here ! i've always been envious of those talented in the visual arts . i wish i had a talent for translating mental images into ... i've tried catching my default expression in the mirror and it seems pretty neutral . some people have said i looked sad when i wasn't , but more often people tend to see me as emotionless due to the ... from those i've actually given a test and asked if they agreed with the result : - esfp sister - esfj mother - esfj friend - estp friend - istp friend i wouldn't try guessing the types of other ... it's always easier for an infj to tell other to put themselves first , but harder for an infj to tell himself to put himself first . that is the curse of fe . i think common sense is poorly defined no matter how you try to look at it , and too many people try using it to justify their own laziness to acquiring knowledge , in my opinion . but i don't think ... thanks for all the replies . they've sparked another question that i should have probably asked earlier : do you feel others hold you to a higher standard due to their initial perceptions of you ? ... i've known some immature esfjs . i think fe and si can be a deadly combo in the wrong person . si is linked with routine and tradition , while fe promotes harmony and supports others . i think in some ... then you might want to start by asking yourself why you like him . there is obviously a large gap between your type and his , so i would start by reading a bit more about his type and maybe talking ... do others treat you as being pure and innocent or is that just me ? i come off as kind and i don't swear , so this somehow translates into innocence in the eyes of some . do any of you experience this ? ... i know i posted recently , but i thought i should share joanna newsom . i love this album , and this may be my favorite track . it feels like something some infjs might appreciate . to set the mood : it's ... the less realistic , the better . but i am a sucker for a good secondary character . i think ' s post is rather accurate . the only two things i'll add : 1 . i don't think it's typical for an infj ( or anyone with a dominating fe ) to try to fix anyone else's belief system . this ... good question ! first time i ever took one of these tests , it was a poorly written one that tries to analyze the four letters instead of the eight cognitive functions , but i still got infj . i ... short answer : kind of . long answer : no . i recently made a post regarding this on the intj board . not enough sites describe the negative aspects of infjs / ni to make people feel all right knowing it's not their strong point . there is a thread on the infj board about revealing the true type of some users . i don't really go in that thread , but perhaps you could create a similar version here ? here's the thread . the badge ( the crowre revisiting some vg music . i highly recommend the following even if you've never played metroid . it's so peaceful ... http://youtu.be/aMPkiO9bKbo anonymously and through writing if possible . though i suppose it'd be difficult to give an anonymous criticism in person . i guess i have a reason to buy a darth vader mask now . ignore them , i suppose . you should be good at this by now . although it might be tricky with your mother ... i've noticed some posts where people use the socionics acronyms to describe mbti types , and i just wanted to check if people were aware of the subtle differences between some of them . if you read a ... i wish i had the time to read through all 40 pages of posts ( maybe i'll go back and read some more later ) . but i'd like to try to offer some solutions . sorry if it becomes repetitive with anything ... inxj types would be the last i'd suspect of being illogical . from what i understand , ni is all about asking why and figuring out the true nature of things . call me biased , but i think it's the ... i read every post on this page , and each time i scrolled down i thought , this is surely going to be the most clever and fitting response for me here . then i kept reading . i guess i have no ... some people mistype themselves , but i don't really care about his own diagnosis . if he wants to join the lonely club that's his choice . one thing i would advise against is going behind his back ... the all or nothing thing is certainly typical , but usually only internalized , i . e . i'll spend a lot of time wondering whether people really like me , and whether or not i should bother annoying ... trust , physical affection , and openness . violence , lying , and irresponsibility ( for one's own actions ) . i would say i'm most introverted out of all of my immediate family members , and perhaps even say that all five of them are extroverts who can't imagine why anyone would want to be introverted . so ... it depends on the friend . perhaps this sounds stupid , but i'd treat this completely differently based on not just how close i am with someone , but also what kind of relationship we have . from some ... i guess no one can ever be sure of their true personality type , because no one fits a description perfectly . everyone is different . as mentioned , i guess infjs tend to have a reputation of ... i guess this is a general thread for things people try to do for you that they think are nice , but are actually incredibly terrible for you . my example is blind dates . people have tried to set me ... to the friends i have mistakenly left behind , please do not forget me . i haven't forgotten you . love , when people have the volume of movies / tv / videos / etc . way too loud , which is all the time . i don't really understand it . i never hear anyone when they talk , but they always have to blast everything ... ... when your only superpower wish , above flying or invisibility or anything else , is to have the ability to shapeshift in whomever or whatever you want . turquoise hexagon sun by boards of canada . wow , this is me perfectly , except for liking it . :P i mean , i like trying to form closer relationships , but it seems like my friends don't see friendship the way i do - they don't think of really ... just platonic . and neither of us like coffee . :P there's a guy who has a lot of common interests with me . i want to form a friendship with him , but ... well , i guess i'm not exactly sure how to do it . as you all know , it takes a lot of energy just ... i have a little social anxiety , which i know isn't too uncommon for us . a lot of times i end up tripping over my words as i speak since my mind is always ahead of my mouth . anyone who's experienced ... it's difficult to imagine an infj in physical combat . all of those emotions kept hidden from everyone else - they must go somewhere , right ? into storage , with the rest of them . under the right ... i know exactly how you feel . after talking to someone for a little , i get a feeling as to whether or not i can trust them . i don't know what it is , but there's some people who are just naturally ... not to sound arrogant , but i love this quote . i agree with it completely . wow , you're lucky to be so popular . :P i think i'd be nervous about asking to go out and feel embarressed when i don't get any replies because then everyone would see ... one thing i dislike about ... i don't know why i do this to myself , but i usually keep facebook up in a tab and check in on it every 15 minutes or so while i do other things online . sure , many people might think , but facebook ... you know you're an infj when you wish you could be a cat for a day . : happy : i'll try to keep my story short . i'm an infj , and my friend is an istp . we've been friends for over 5 years . he quickly became my closest friend , but unfortunately he has moved multiple times ... hi everyone . i haven't posted here in a long time , but this seemed like the only place i could talk about something like this . i have a friend . it's one of those really close best friend types of ... when around other people , do you find yourself acting more like them ? for example , when with one of my closest friends ( tested as istp ) , i find myself acting a lot more like him ( though not ... '