' watch the social network and see if you relate to justin timberlake's character ( sean parker ) . a great representation of an entp capitalist . there are 2 parts to exercising will power : 1 ) showing presence-of-mind . 2 ) tolerating discomfort . you seem to be struggling with the latter . the , most ' intp ' way of dealing with this is ... motivated by spite ? strikes me as an easy way to waste a lot of time . omg no wtf lol : crazy : turnitin is now going to crawl this website and flag those sentences as plagiarized . : kitteh : i also lean more towards materialism . i like it . this is fairly reflective of my experience , being one of the brighter ones in my class ( but sadly also one of the most lazy and disorganised ) . it's been right round the corner for 50 years . don't believe everything you read on zerohedge . intp 5w4 here . i concur with the naive experience of emotion , rather like many of the intps on here . but i seem to have reconciled myself with the situation and as such i don't feel the least bit ... well thanks i guess . it's weird but these goals have kinda always been there , but only recently have i been consciously aware of them . ot but you can quote more than one message per post ya know ... cleaner ? i did that for a couple of summers during uni . i was working at a hospital at the time and ended up sterilizing surgical instruments . plenty of part-time work and much of it will be evenings ... i'm a scientist . i wouldn't be as happy doing anything else . however , why can i only have just the one ? my other goals are : good husband . happy father . decent person . anything that is both rationally true and also horribly counterintuitive : i've been debating the idea that we have no free will on this site . the idea that there is no such thing a the continuous ... our best physical theories ( qm ) indicate that random chance really is an intrinsic property of the universe . this connects to macroscopic effects as described by chaos theory . for instance : your ... those times when you have nothing in is what pizza delivery is for . if you buy a big one , it'll do tomorrow as well . i have some experience with this . : sad : one thing that might work is : just being there . abandon thoughts of prying feelings out of someone - it's just going to alienate them . don't act with ... poetic . i like it . the search for truth and a commitment to try and live in truth . i never feel entitled to it . the truth often comes at a price . and i am far from perfect at it as well , we all fall prey to ... exactly , though i agree with the functional stack one , simply because that is an intp by definition . semper veritas is , however , a personal value of mine . the best cure for presentation nerves is to know more about your subject than anyone else in the room . then you're laughing . failing that , practise , practise , practise . get a coursemate to watch ... lol . gotta love the intp forum . i got shot yesterday . wow . what kind of gun did they use ? in answer to the op : the situation you describe is common in the world of work . trying to convince ... less and less critical all the time . i used to be more suspicious the dogma that underpins the modern scientific method , but increasingly see it as a least-worst option for understanding the ... come on guys , you know the routine .  ... ad fades from black . plinky-plonky melancholy music . slow motion black and white images of either a crying african child or a sad-looking dog . this is x ... it's more polite to make out that you are struggling to follow what someone is saying than it is to tell them that what they're saying is so boring that your mind wandered . if you said something ... i do this . though only occasionally because of exasperation with someone i think is being intellectually lazy . most of the time i do it because solving problems is fun , and i wouldn't like to deny ... in the uk : hard work . whenever anything goes wrong : because of an insufficiency of hard work . working 24 hours a day and still failed ? should have worked 26 . never mind trying to actually think ... the whole trilogy is a mediation on free will . how is our free will limited by our environment / perception ? how is it limited by our natural abilities ? how is it limited by the machinations of people ... people who post controversial opinions that they don't believe , simply for the sake of offending people are idiots . people who post self-referential opinions are even worse . i'm right . you're mistaken . they're crazy / evil . cliffs ? for those of us who don't fancy wading through it . edit : i think i got it . it would be the specialness vs love distinction , ch24 ... one of the reasons i like it is because it pisses on the continuity-fascism that plagues most of sci-fi . and so it must , in order to resolve all the temporal-paradoxes that would result from going ... not plagued . now starting to think i'm the freak ha ha . i do come to conclusions tentatively , but the universe is a complicated place and in my experience it's usually better to have an answer ... it's a wonderful life intjs read all the scientific literature , digest it and come to a considered conclusion , intps don't bother and survive on fuzzy inferences about systems and rapidly iterating logical deductions . to ... if you are mentally ill , to some , everything you say is suspect . that is why i frequently accompany my partner to medical consultations and advocate for her as vigorously as possible . a ' rustlers ' microwave cheese and bacon burger . blah . vimto is far superior to ribena . there , i said it ! entj . but then i know an entj in work ( he did the test and everything ) and he is nothing like i'd expect an entj to be like . : unsure : i hate ' shopping ' and everything it stands for . in order to exercise my willpower i need to be well rested , well hydrated and have eaten fairly recently . once you've got the basics out of the way it comes down to practice . using willpower is ... i have spend that last few months working on my willpower , with some success . stoic spiritual practice is my weapon of choice . i have come to the conclusion that willpower - the ability to for ... from what i gathered in my web research , bupropion is the king of antidepressants - it doesn't damage your libido or cause you to put on weight , and stops you wanting to smoke ( smoking is almost ... these rules build upon one another , in order of importance : 1 ) follow the rules . show up on time , follow procedure , do what is expected of you , cover your ass . 2 ) don't be an asshole . if everyone ... in school i was a smart-ass slacker . doing just enough work to get straight a's . used to leave my homework till the last minute then burn through it ( often first thing in the morning before the class ... reading moby dick is an allegory for a whaling voyage : brief instances of excitement punctuating long periods of boredom . i think it's a ( relative ) preference for introverted perceiving and extraverted judging that comes through : si hard work and tried and true methods , and ni mysticism both seem stronger in asian ... it isn't , it's good manners . deliberate , underhanded / deceitful methods of advancing the manipulator's own self interest . that is manipulation . intp chameleoning : unconscious , empathetic ( driven ... not a paleontologist , but my best friend in uni was a geology student . from what i gathered at the time , geology is a prerequisite for paleontology . you may find that your geology course has modules ... ah yes , i've heard of this but not met anyone who has done one of these courses at the start of their phd's , so i'm afraid i can't help you there . good luck whichever direction you choose . anon what field is your phd in ? i thought all phds in the uk were research-based . certainly of all the science phd students i have dealt with , none of them have had assignments or exams that ... '