' so guys , i am here again . everything is going rather smoothly with my enfj , but for the last week he has been super busy and stressed about everything . well , i've just tagged along and endured it - ... ^ & thirdarcade thank you , guys . :) you really soothed my feelings and everything went fine . you enfj-people are seriously amazing . ♥ the enfj i mentioned earlier is now officially my boyfriend . :) i am so thankful and happy . tomorrow the holiday will start , i'll get to see my family and everything is pretty well overall . so ! i am now the happy girlfriend of an enfj . we spent an amazing night together a couple of days ago and everything was fantastic and i was really , really happy . before we did anything we talked ... my crush told me yesterday he had thought about holding my hand during our evening together . well , that is not as good as the actual thing , but hey , he has thought about it at least . hmm . so . i've been messaging this enfj guy now for three weeks straight and things are going rather well . we both initiate conversations , we message each other pretty much constantly , he asks lots ... well , actually this sounds pretty cool . :) i think it will work out a step by step - so thank you ! ^ _ ^ so guys . last week i spent some amazing quality time with an enfj guy . we had fun , we talked together , we worked together . i made a nice surprise gift for him before he left the city for the ... so , here we go ... i've had a crush on an infj-guy for ten years . i have had relationships during that time , but every single time my life brings me to see him everyone else seems vague and i've ... thank you for your answer , it cleared my mind out a bit . he might not be kissing me because i've been too clingy and he has so many other worries , too - because he still wants to have sex with me ... okay , so . i've been with my istp for half a year now - first 5 months were quite happy , although sometimes he was more distant for a week or maybe even for two , and then he came back and ... http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m18jt0zi9v1rp32b4o1_500.png http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m4y3k0wkFv1rvm063o1_500.jpg http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mcp6qtpXu31r42qyuo1_500.gif ... i usually love mornings , but sometimes i have to do evening shifts at work , so i won't get bed early . today has been a great morning , though , so maybe the day will be good as well . aww . :/ get ... you could tryscheduling your work . i don't mean scheduling as in deadlines , but more like deciding forehand when you want to have little breaks and when you are going to work . for example , when you ... i should read for my exams ( it seems i should be doing that every time i visit perc ) , but instead i've played dota 2 for the whole morning , had a nice shower and relaxed . i had a though evening at ... memories . i just ordered three lovely corsets , so i'd love to get them already . then again , international shipping seems to take quite long time , so i'll just have to wait . freedom . should you do something but you don't seem to be able to start ? are you lazily reading perc instead of reading for those exams or going to gym ? are you stuck with a project and avoid even thinking ... i'd recommend tarsem's the fall , it is glorious . visually stunning , the plot is carefully designed and in a way it is a lighter version of pan's labyrinth , which i didn't like as much , though . the ... i like sad endings , too . but mostly i love endings that are complicated the way the life is complicated , for example in the hunger games ( won't spoil it , though ) and trainspotting , for example . the ... yup , this is in general the best advice i've got , i think . instead of waiting and worrying i should continue my life and trust him to do the same and when we are together again , enjoy that time and ... i've had that greener pasture problem as well , but now that i've been together with nine different boys during the last nine years it seems i'm starting to get over it . i know what i want ( and ... well , i kind of understand that , because what is the point of giving gifts if you don't really think about whether they are suitable or not ? okay , sometimes birthday gifts and things like that are ... red as the fall and the leaves she burned : you left after summer and never returned . ( i know it quite isn't an adjective , but you can use it as one . ) i'm straight in the middle of infp and enfp , so this shouldn't be too difficult for me , but still - i don't think i had more fun if i pretended to be someone else than i am . okay , sometimes i'd love ... oh , i've had 9 boyfriends in my life and not a single break-up has been easy or easily forgettable , even though the last two have been particularly bad : earlier , because i finally thought i had found ... he is coming back next thursday already . ^ _ ^ of course he'll leave again , but for now i couldn't be happier . my seafarer was supposed to be at sea for 4 more weeks , but he is coming back to me next thursday already . ^ _ ^ 66786 66787 66788 66789 o / i wish you have a better day in general . :) i don't really want to go to work ( though my workday is only four hours today ) , and getting out of bed was really , really difficult , but now i'm ... in finland we don't generally have small talk at all . ... have been feeling a bit down for the last four days . oh give me a break already , i want to be bright and happy and creative already again . i got istp and luckily my beloved is istp . ^ _ ^ so yay . that's an interesting way of seeing it . :) i don't quite understand it ( as i'm thinking completely differently ) , but i can respect your opinion anyway as it is the way you feel / think . why ? ( no need to tell if you don't feel like you'd want to , though . ) i'm feeling lonely and a bit down in the dumps , but maybe it would pass if i'd start writing instead of procrastinating ... um , geisha balls , but just because my friend asked how to use those and i really didn't have any idea what to tell her . - a nice , warm bath . - a big cup of good tea . - time to read something else than books for my exams . - inspiration . - most of all i'd love to be able to curl up next to my boyfriend and sleep ... mine is here , it's mostly full of little details and beautiful quotes and things i find inspirating with a dash of my personal thoughts and ideas . i'm an xnfp . oh yes ! all of those are things i've considered for my istp as well ( for christmas i gave him a gift card with various options containing megazone , catapult jumping , bungee jumping and so on so he ... why don't you ? ( if there is no reason , that's okay too , but i'd like to know . ) http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=JvxHPtEsmFc i found this from the infj porn thread and started crying , so i had to share it here as well . hi guys ! you have a topic for giving gifts , but what kind of gifts do you like to receive ? my boyfriend is coming back from the sea after four weeks and i'd like to get something nice for him , so ... i would like to write a novel for camp nanowrimo , but i don't seem to able to get an idea . :/ i have a few threads i could follow but none of them seems to be interesting enough and i need real ... i'm borderline enfp / infp and i'm definitely a hufflepuff . and proud of it . ( in a modest way . um . ) having a day-off from work , spending time with my siblings , sunny weather , messages from my beloved seafarer , beginning of camp nanowrimo and good big cup of coffee . your advice made me laugh , so it worked fantastically . ♥ thank you ! and i love cookies and beautiful loneliness and kidnapping ( oops ! ) , so this was a perfect thing . awesome . ♥ in true enfp fashion , i feel like giving you a cup of hot chocolate , taking you to the cinema and sending you encouraging words . you will survive and everything is going to get better . first of all , what a lovely signature you've got ! :) but yeah , you are right - talking to him is essential . luckily we've done quite a lot of that during the last days ( only in face and via sms ... pet would be great , but currently i'm living in a small apartment with two other girls , so it would be a bit difficult to have one . we are going to get a dog in the future , though , so maybe it helps ... '