' i guess i've been experiencing the opposite a bit recently . i've definitely been assumed to be a girl on a few occasions , like you i don't correct them . in the bathroom i've gotten a lot more looks ... i found that the only way i can communicate with my mom is through hypotheticals and metaphors ( idk what type she is ) otherwise i would never be able to explain myself when talking about study ... you're making me wonder if i'm a sensor :P reminds me of something my xntp family members would prefer to do . except probably unlike the s's , somehow theres always too many or too little parts and ... my favorite mood is more of a contented and i like thinking ot myself . or when seeing particularly cool looking art or hearing specific music which is also relatively internal and its just like my ... i've been told that and i guess it could be considered true . i think to the point of causing myself unneeded stress . there is certainly a benefit to ignorance but i see it as an excuse . i'd rather ... i do that when reading books i like to read . then i have to go back and reread a page or two ... disappointed that phoenix tear pie isn't a thing :( ( yeah i had to check . if dragonfruit is a real thing , why couldn't phoenix tears be ? ) dad : easy istj mom : ummm ... i'm thinking estj but not quite sure sister 1 : istj sister 2 : esfp i know what you mean there . though i'd say more of don't understand more than don't get along ... vermont i like chess but am relatively bad . basically my three problems are not liking to lose any pieces , thinking too far ahead so i can only follow a couple of possibilities and me not liking to learn ... just looked some of his quotes up and i agree . pretty funny . ( and also am not very into standup ) i wish i knew ... sometimes when something's barely funny i just start laughing and laughing ... most times i don't laugh at anything , just smile . my friend punching me in the stomach made me ... don't you ever find the experience amusing or enjoyable ? i find my entj friend quite interesting and he feels the same about me . its really interesting how we often reach the same conclusion using ... i find it much less personal than text for some reason . its like a voice without a face doesn't give a full story . also if you don't talk then you aren't doing your job unlike writing and one to ... i'm not really sure and i'll never exactly be sure but it sounded nice / fairly right and that type of reasoning makes me think i'm infp :D ( seriously though ( not that that wasn't . it was but not ... nah she'd still be the best in my opinion but it just didn't fit me to lead right off with that . it was more of a christmas after a couple months type of thing instead of a hike or something that i ... well you are supposed to be the best you can be even if its better than you are . i'd like to come forward and say i have social anxiety so i will probably be uncomfortable in a lot of ... i end up with this in interviews and speeches etc . it usually works so i just go with it some girls think my nervousness , awkward and shyness is cute . i've been told i seem genuine and i get the feeling that the fact that they have to do a little extra work to get me to open up makes ... one of the easier social things to do for me . might be because i've only done internship interviews and haven't had any particular ones that i tried all that hard to get . still nervous but not ... i was once called pretentious for criticizing the annoying buzzwords that they repeatedly use in sports broadcasting . i have yet to hear the word used in a constructive way and and it normally ... sort of confused what you mean by implying that its hard to find feelers who aren't manipulative and controlling ... ( maybe i'm reading it improperly because the negative things seem to be related ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iuv6aehPnbA i have quite the selective memory . i'm very good at trivia but not memorizing facts . i don't remember names dates or numbers . i can remember stuff that i feel like is important to someone ... when my family starts a diet , i eat too much . when i don't watch what i eat ( and i'm not stressed ) i eat a good amount . stinks that my familly is always trying to diet i don't normally bump threads but there's a new movie that's coming out that looks pretty good from this . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QD6cy4PBQPI i just read the short story because i ... depends on what i'm wearing . somewhere between grey , blue , and green 21 still not yet . i don't really see sex as romantic . i plan to wait till i want to have kids but i want to at least understand why other people do it and i realize that if i understood then i might ... exactly . at one point i let my little sister take the blame for a speaker that i accidentally broke cause my dad was yelling and i knew he wouldn't blame her as much ( despite the fact that it wasn't ... hataraku maou-sama mao : enfj ? don't know if i know any irl enfjs but his need to help everyone that he sees as a sentient being along with other stuff makes me guess it emi : estj boring and ... i get the feeling that other types would respond more positively to negative reinforcement . personally i feel the same way that you did from it and i tend to not tell my parents stuff cause they ... i hate getting in a shower and i hate getting out of a shower :D baths are nicer until i realize that all the dirt from my body is now in the water and i immediately want to get out . one thing ... rain and clouds are incredible . :) rainy days actually give me energy i also like streams and waves crashing on rocks ( beaches are hit or miss for me . i like them better when its breezy / cloudy and ... you are most similar to : allison ( the basketcase ) brian ( the brain ) pam timothy mcgee chandler bing this is with meg removed in probably about 6 hours i did 30 drawings of pittsburgh penguins hockey players for a game day thread on hfboards . i went with more or less a adventure time styled theme ( partially limited by my ... i really like your style . is there anywhere else where you have an album or something of your art on the internet ? i've been trying to come up with a relatively unique cartoony ... so i'm thinking 9w1 7w6 3w4 which i sort of said in my last post . agree ? disagree ? lack of info ? apparently i forgot to post a response to the first question . i guess i'm not really sure ... i'm convinced that maturity is a complete fabrication . when i was young i always thought adults as different and being naturally responsible and knowing and stuff . now that i'm grown up , i realized ... yep . i was asked to prom by a girl . said yes . still not sure if it was friends or if she liked me . she seemed quite excited when i said yes so ... dunno . in 4th through 6th grade i had been asked ... some combination of 7w6 , 9w1 , and 3w4 sounds pretty good for the triad . what would determine the order ? ( if thats the right way to say it ) also is there anything else to consider ? i apologize if ... hmmm after reading up on 7 , i'm thinking 7w6 possibly ? it seems to say that 7s are pleasure seeking and social-able . i guess i'm neither at first glance but i get really excited about certain ... prerequisites what age range are you in ? 21 any disorders or conditions we should know about ? social anxiety i guess . main questions actually i was thinking the opposite :D he seems not particularly talkative . i don't know any intjs in real life but i know an entj . it was more or less a whimsical feeling that said hey those ... infp : #cccff ( to be improved ) a soft blueish grey . something that would remind you of a quiet afternoon in new england , probably maine . ( mysterious calm ) infj : #e6e6fa ( to be improved ) lavender ... i think thats what i feel in speeches and in other occasional situations . it actually helps me in speeches cause it doesn't feel like i'm actually doing the speech but off in my own little world ... i can relate and i think that's pretty much what i'm going through right now , well at least the fallout from being bad at it . i've been forcing myself to do things for school because my parents say ... like i said i was only confident with the first two . i completely guessed on kougami and yayoi ( black haired girl who used to be in a band ) . though i'm sure i got some of the letters but not ... i'll take a stab at it akane tsunemori : infp nobuchika ginzoa : istj shinya kougami : intp tomomi masaoka : entp solid color polo shirt . khaki pants ( or jeans ) . brown laceless ll bean shoes . i dislike bright colors , graphics , and logos . when i lose weight , i'll try to put more effort into it . one of my best friends is an entj . he's the only person besides my dad who can make me really frustrated by asking the question why ? . i suppose attracted is a good way to put it as to how i relate ... '