' warning : contents under pressure ! http://youtu.be/GuKV2Z3eYTY that's because the logic of a time lord is beyond human comprehension . i've been fan of doctor who since i was a kid during the tom baker years , i enjoy the new series and look forward to seeing ... some people do their best work under stress , i only do work at the last minute , which can be stressful . the day of the doctor is almost here ! yes i like sci fi i dreamed that my college roommate and i went to a rolling stones concert and managed to sneak into the vip section for front row seats next to george costanza , and jerry sienfield . costanza knocked ... i learned that when doing laundry check pants pockets for spools of dental floss , in addition to coins and wallets . i started with an atari 2600 and space invaders 8007580076 my first thought 80074 is that why your avatar is a picture of a hand ? : laughing : sorry i couldn't resist the opportunity ! : laughing : i have plenty of nights where i may physically exhausted but mentally wide awake , so i just lay there too tired to move while countless random thoughts race through my mind i'm currently in the raleigh area , i went to school at ecu in the mid 90 ' s and the beds were terrible . the dorm mattresses had the same comfort as a concrete slab . intp's we can be rather inept at dealing with emotions , it's not that we don't have emotions , it's just that we are easily overwhelmed by them . what most people would consider normal emotions can be ... to me the box and the surrounding areas outside of the box are all included within the big picture . i guess it all relative to the size of your box , and the size of your picture . i thought i had something important to say , but then i lost it . nevermind , move along nothing to see here it's not that i like being in charge , but more that i can't stand for someone else being in charge telling me what to do and especially how to do it . i absolutely can not stand to work for or even ... narcissism 27 % 60 % unconventionality 100 % 64 % cognitive process level of development ( preference , skill and frequency of use ) extraverted sensing ( se ) * * * ( 13.4 ) unused introverted sensing ( si ) infatuation or indigestion , i always get those two confused as an intp i am a compulsive problem solver and when i run into a problem that i just can't solve when i've seriously have put time time and effort into solving , it just about drives me insane . ... what does not kill me , makes me stronger . nietzschi pain can break us down , but to persevere and overcome it becomes a new strength no not phantom menace ! : angry : episode iv a new hope released may 25 1977 , which was my 4th birthday . phantom menace was episode i released may 19 1999 . i agree that empire strikes back was the ... what are your interests and hobbies ? scuba diving , photography , horseback riding , motorcycles , muscle cars , racing rc cars , and many more that i've lost interest in and forgot about . what ... the fact that i live in a world where there are people that would accept ancient books of fiction as truth , over current scientific data just makes me want to slam my head into a brick wall out of ... can we just do this procrastination thread sometime next week , or maybe the month after ? ? 51733 an original carroll shelby competition cobra 51736 1981 yenko stage ii turbo z28 , it wasn't all that fast for a turbo car but it was the last of the don yenko special edition cars , and ... i once forgot that it was my birthday , i didn't realize it until the next morning i logged on to facebook read all the birthday wishes from the previous day . in college i went to the library to ... i had all four of my wisdom teeth surgically removed when i was about 14 . between the anesthesia and pain killers i mostly slept for three days , and with a mouthful of cotton no one could understand ... i've been on prozac for about two years now and for me it has been a huge improvement in my life . i had resisted taking pills , but my depression , anxiety , and insomnia became so bad that i couldn't ... my list of of recomended tv series doctor who dexter hell on wheels samurai jack the black donnellys supernatural the venture brothers babylon 5 neon genesis evangelion 1 : logical / mathematical 2 : visual / spatial 3 : intrapersonal i have a degree in visual arts and have been working as graphic designer for the past 12 years . now i'm seriously considering going back ... when someone ask me what are you thinking ? my whole thought process instantly shuts down like throwing a monkey wrench in the works . sometimes , if it's with someone i know well i'll just throw ... in high school and college as long as i knew that i knew the information that was good enough for me . i absolutely hated all the repetitive homework , to me it was a waste of time doing hours of ... i'm the same way , i have a horrible short term memory but a great long term memory . so if i need to remember something that had just happened i'll have to wait a few weeks . i had something else to ... these two lines from your post are about as anti intp as you can get . intp's doubt and question everything , especially ourselves , and we are generally too involved with our own internal introverted ... in most parts of america a minimum wage job of $ 7.25 per hour 40 hours per week you would not be able to afford as much . a cheap 1 bedroom apt would take about half of your salary and a nice 1 ... when in a heated debate with an irrational , and it's reached the point that you realize that further debate is completely useless , just stare them directly in the eyes and say to them robble robble ... it doesn't matter how exhausted tired and groggy i am when drag / fall out of bed in the morning for work i'm wide awake by the time i need to be going to bed . it's so annoying having to force myself ... i'm somewhat certain that i absolutely never speak in absolutes . i totally forgot about it yesterday ! ! that reminds me of the kekkô kamen keko mask movie keiko mask reviews & ratings - imdb i'm an atheist and don't believe in any supernatural beings . there is no factual evidence to the ... the illuminati do not exist . this message has been endorsed by the illuminati yeah , uhuh , really ? , i know , that sucks , uhuh , really ? , great job ! , you're the lucky dog ! , but you don't want to look like a bozo , why can't you just do things like everyone else the ramones suck , but dave mathews is an awesome band ( someone commenting about my ramones shirt , i fracking hate dave mathews band , even ... act like a dumbass and they will treat you as an equal - book of the subgenius when i misplace things car keys tv remote , important documents at work , they usually somehow end up in the nearest refrigerator ? i really hate it when i waste time looking for something only to ... just dispose of any evidence and witnesses and make sure it never happens again . i think i just made a bad judgement call by offering horribly inappropriate advice , ... time to start the disposal ... for me strong emotions of any kind either positive or negative = anxiety attack ! so i try to stay emotionally neutral or disappear into seclusion for a few days when have to deal with overwhelming ... i guess it's time for me to finally get away from my computer and go out and do something important for the world . monday - solve world hunger tuesday - create world peace wednesday - world ... i spent easter screen printing t-shirts . i was so busy trying to get the order finished i forgot that was easter . i missed out on marshmallow bunny peeps . i love ripping their ears off on the ... '