' aurly , i think , intjs are not adept at reading the emotions of others . i don't notice this with my real-life intj friends . as for jung , even in the field of science , he seems to have been more ... it's not an fi thing , i mean it is but i'm not talking about feelings getting hurt when criticized . with intjs from what i've observed , they can handle criticism well compared with an infp or an enfp ... it doesn't make me uncomfortable at all . in fact , being about to recognize people is what make me comfortable . when i can't do that , ( like with istjs , i don't know why ) then i become somewhat ... is this when you are under stress ? i think it's ore se being unhealthy . when i'm under a lot of stress , i become obsessively focused on external data . it's almost as i notice too many things . i read ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XfaRsfqADg carl jung interview some of you may have already seen this , i just thought of sharing it anyway . it's an amazing video . i can clearly recognize him as ... i feel you . my father was impossible to be with and on top of it all , he was the parent i could easily relate to . trying to love him left me with a lot of emotional bruises and i too struggled with ... i like the question but it brings too many horrible memories which i have learned to let go . sharing them means , i'm reliving them . however , just to mention casually , i'd say a combination of ... not really . i loved biology , especially the plant and animal ones because of the drawings and pictures . i loved ( still do ) astronomy because it captured my imagination and because of the sense of ... i can relate to some areas of ' signs of vestibular dysfunction ' section . childhood was pretty hard for me . at least , this explains some confusions i had . my mother have said , when i was little , i ... food art anyone ? https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/50/ac/1e/50ac1e255f582b8da87c4a64b1a2f4f5.jpg ... https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/e6/01/56/e60156a68f4c9e3bddab03e0940a0ec0.jpg it's interesting to hear about the intj / infj confusion . rather than focusing on cognitive functions , go with your gut feeling for infjs it's much accurate than dissecting functions . for an ... i enjoy watching sports . really like watching soccer , tennis . when i was younger ( before 12 ) , playground was my life . i was pretty athletic . as a teenager i dreaded having to do them in school ... http://diaryofamadcow.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/som01.jpg i'm going to agree with everything you've mentioned . as for tutoring , i also love it . i hate pta because i don't like the parents i meet . i know it sounds rude but it is what it is . some mothers ... looking back at it , i was the same as a teenager , quiet , shy but was an inspiring speaker . i always got singled out among my peers . i was like ' a teacher ' , sometimes it made me uncomfortable . as ... i'm a teacher . during the first 2 years as a teacher , i struggled to find my very own style in teaching . i couldn't apply the styles of the majority of my seniors . then i found my mentor , an enfj ... i'm extremely sensitive to caffeine . it triggers migraine . i don't touch the stuff . i don't believe in the god in the holy writ . i stopped doing that a long time ago . i guess , i'm a cultural catholic . i do attend funerals and weddings . the bible is not the ultimate truth . it's a ... are you comfortable with sharing your personal information with a group of people you have never even met ? specially with the part ask anything . don't get me wrong , i'm not criticizing you or ... did this happen recently ? how long has it been , weeks .. months ? i experienced a severe betrayal one and a half years ago . it was pretty ugly . emotionally raped a great term to define it . you ... i've met one infj for sure . he was a lecturer when i was in college . he was a great teacher and it was easier to speak with him . he loved art and shakespeare ! i felt so comfortable around him but at ... was it a panic attack ? it sounds a lot like that . if you had a panic attack at night , that means your system is overloaded . too much stress can create anxiety episodes especially when your body ... extreme rage is common to all of us but i think we are ( mostly ) passively aggressive . in most cases , i can solve the problem in my head by looking at things from the other person's point of view , ... one of my closest friends is an intp and we definitely date without sex . we always bring out the best in each other . whenever we see each other , we can go hours trying to figure out something ... oh , sorry . i was being sarcastic . i should use emoticons more often ;) my growing years were horrible . not only they couldn't understand me but also they couldn't relate to each other . home was a ... sorry , istj . this : http://eroelectronic.net/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/atomic-bomb-explosion-ww2.jpg my parents . ( mom - intj , dad - entp ) it's was the perfect environment for their infj daughter . true . fmri testing has confirmed that highly sensitive people's brain activity is greater . hsps ' brain function make them more conscious of their settings . i think , the physiological components ... lilysocks actually , i like you now :) the way you give your views . this is what i like about intj personality , you guys are direct , honest and precise . i just don't like personal attacks .  ... try something like this : 1st letter - ( where you spend your energy ? ) in the internal world and need time alone to re-energize . i ... yes , of course . my frustration at not being understood can force out explosions . my outbursts usually come after a long period of holding my feelings back . sometimes they come with major life ... lilysocks thank you . i'm glad you shared your very accurate poor opinion of me . you told how my sensitivity is a weakness and ridiculous and i'm telling random things in my posts . that i'm ... what ? there's a series ! thanks for letting me know :) i've read the storyteller's daughter . loved it . if you haven't read so far , read daughter of the forest by juliet marillier . i just wish ... thanks for giving some valuable insight . i already handled the situation , i just forgot to visit the thread . thanks for the suggestion . i think the thread can rest now . are you a teacher or have you been a one ? because with your manner of dealing with things will only work for robots . i work with people who are still young . i don't have to explain myself to you , ... yes , men and women can definitely be just friends . but this might depends on the personalities of the two parties . i am always making friends with enfps . my best friend is an enfp , and i never get ... http://33.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m0pp4owsDd1qjlunc.gif you do know that we notice symbolism is almost everything , right ? it appears to me as a female pony with pigtails ( i think ) ' flirting ' with ... what are you implying ? have you read lolita ? i'm assuming you are aware that humbert humbert is an unreliable narrator . hebephile is not so different than a pedephile . he purposefully mislead the ... an infj troll ? madonnari by edgar müller ( german street artist ) his arts move me for the same reason they move you . http://blog.lulus.com/images/blog/edgar-mueller-street-art-1.jpg ... i love fairytale retellings ! ! i love robin mckinley , donna jo napoli , cameron dokey , jane yolen ... i also love historical novels . jean plaidy , sarah dunant and elizabeth kostova are some of ... what if the two criteria come together ? you might like the teacher more but that's it , right ? i'm recognizing a pattern . this is exactly how they usually behave . i really don't pay attention to such things . perhaps some ends misinterpreting as i've mentioned on dabbling . only once before ... hmm , may be this is the problem . i always pay attention to everyone . i pay even more attention to the shy ones , the loners , slow learners , dyslexic students . is it possible that my extra attention ... yes , they are . :) it was surprising but not in a good way though . because the poem was about me and it was a love poem and writing poetry is not part of the syllabus . recently he has being very shy around me . one time i showed some problems in one of his answers ... ignoring is what i mostly do , that's why some of them try to get attention in such expressive ways . the boy who wrote the poem is not interested in poems at all , but all my students know i love ... my responses change depending on the situation . this boy showed me the poem when i was checking homework . it wasn't a part of homework , but i did a lesson on robert browning's meeting at night ... hello , i'm an infj teacher and the only one in my school . i teach english and literature to students of age 15-16 years . i have a good rapport with all my students . i'm known as a kind , caring ... '