' loyalty is a better word , yes . that doesn't require me to feel anything . sentimentality would mean i have to feel something and again , i'm usually detached , so no . i can totally get behind ... what does it look like when you bring out that fi side of istjs ? anyway , i'm not particularly sentimental , no . it's very rare that i get feelings like that . i'm detached by default and i don't ... why is it so short , do you not try to keep up the convo ? but yes , if he initiates everyday with you and not typically with others that does definitely mean something . haha you've said everything i could have said about estps vs myself . :p : laughing : btw i was busy with life , that was part of why i disappeared . wow , 3 years of trying to find type , ok , that's serious . glad if my suggestion helped . :) what you write about fe ... is that inferior se ? i don't relate to this , i have fine focus always . i do sometimes get stuck in my head but easily get out of it whenever needed . simplicity : yes and no . yes , in terms of not overcomplicating things by speculation or overworrying things with whatif's but simply seeing what needs to be done and achieving that . no , in terms of ... actually i hear from everyone that their istjs friends / family members / etc procrastinate on some stuff . is xnfp an uncommon type for an istj to be friends with ? i noticed i do have trouble ... oh i don't know if you again downplayed the intuition when going through the ni descriptions as here you sound like weak sensing again . i don't think i can give more input here as your ... no worries . i don't see why you would agree with strong fe if you underline things like showing care through actions and don't underline things like compromising in the fe way and make others feel ... ok , this and the other posts you've made now show low ne , i agree with kitty 23 . i would say you're either an isfp who's a bit too in their head and possibly an enneagram 4 to account for the ... hm this is weird to me . you are basically saying you are good at finding an interesting topic , generate ideas , create a parody of it , all of it real quick and nice , so this sounds like your strength ; ... ok , i'll be curious to see where that gets you . i think you didn't see this question of mine - how well do you understand ne ? do you only have trouble with understanding ni ? ah , sure , i'm much better off writing than speaking . at least , if i have to speak about my thoughts at length , i'll have to go into my head a lot to pull my thoughts together and put them into words ... what sort of cool ? i do care about some cool things in a material sense . i don't seek popularity however if that's what's meant by it . yeah it would be weird to just declare i'm so cool and interesting ! . i can handle compliments by just saying an automatic thanks and adding an equally automatic smile . but i can't say i feel very ... i wouldn't know how to answer that , that's not something i focus on by default . for example , if you were asking me what cool achievements i've done so far , i'd be able to answer that but not this ... sounds fi > fe because you look at people as individuals over the group harmony . you would be strong in both fi and fe but preferring fi . not sure why kitty 23 thinks this is aux fe . everywhere i read ... : laughing : i see inferior ti was already discussed ... but i was more thinking about inferior te . do you relate to this ? how te acts in all 4 positions - funky mbti in fiction haha that sounds funny about the video game . i don't have anything going on in my head when in general moving incl . driving . i just constantly scan like you but i don't perceive that as being in my ... well , how did you see this in your twenties ? that's cool . nah , i would see through it . it happened before that someone tried to use excessive flattery on me or they just wanted me to do things and they themselves hardly bothered . i don't let myself be taken ... oblivion 7 not to worry , you haven't faded into oblivion :D so , i'd like to hear more on how you treat logic / logical facts and reasoning , ti , te , to see if that's more likely your inferior or se ... ok , how does se see the pond ? yeah , it's pretty concrete and logical . when i say concrete , i mean literal ; it's somewhat abstract in the sense of being an overall framework in the mind and ... looking at the test kitty 23 linked out of curiosity .. question 14 seems ti with ne , rather than just ti , with the word games and riddles part . ( 14 . i am energized by wit , word games , puzzles , ... hmm well if you aren't even comfortable in your body that's a strong cue for intuition . ok you asked , what i will recall is a specific picture of the object but i often don't know where i saw it or if i even saw it . ( sometimes i do know where i saw it . ) it does look very realistic ... how i see it ; if she doesn't care about you , if you are not the first for her too , then she's not the one for you . for me that's part of the criteria ; i won't take anything seriously until there is ... sounds cool . what is parasite psychology ? did she have to pay for the initial college correspondence courses that the parents didn't know about ? with the attitude you have here , i don't find it likely this will work out again with you two . my pov , anyway . lol uh , my idea is most decidedly * not * watching netflix until things break down . that's not at all what i meant by learning about relationships and people . i meant active learning from experience ... my current suggestion is try on fi-dom for a while and see if that works ... if it does , great , if not , you'll still have learned something about yourself . and continue investigating then . i say ... wouldn't know if this is enneagram or ... ? doesn't sound like this is typical for you though if taking into account all the other ( n-ish ) statements about you . np :) no , enneagram and mbti don't have such a direct connection . you could certainly be an ambiverted infp sx-first too , you could look at mbti step ii too if you want more help with ... if you only thought of it because you forced yourself , i don't think that really counts . what makes you think it's an introverted perception ? and was this forced too ... for your typing , ... ok i don't really have questions left at this moment . thanks for all the help to everyone ; and of course if anyone still has any comments , i'm glad to hear them . lol , is it typical of my type , how ? well , all i can say at this point is , with you definitely sounding like ixfx , investigate fi vs fe . hmm that sounds like some si / te problem actually for the latter one . the former sounds ... you must be mixing me up with someone else . i never typed as istp . i do have a typing thread but istp was not specifically discussed as an option . now , to be quite honest , i don't like how you ... i don't see those as specific enough to functions . any individual may care about these things . np :) do you relate specifically to fi and ne ? i'm pretty sure you are sx-first though . you mean in a test or you mean this is the type you picked in socionics ? i myself do have a problem with the idea of marriage as a forced symbol of things . i don't at all have a problem with the practical side of it or with the commitment . cool :) ah , so they type themselves istj in mbti and istj in socionics ? ok so if this helps you somehow .. i don't mind . i've been typed istj and i find it working . i find the following questions too speculative or just plain random or pointless because nothing will be ... enfp ? you seem real random and that is before i even read your answers . and a lot of feeling values . sx-dom for your instinct , no question . oh heh :) i'm not too used to seeing or hearing about people similar to me , this forum is cool . that sounds good too . you sound s to me from this . strong ni would be not this poor at connecting similar ideas , let alone strong ne . fi vaguely makes sense too . i'll stick to the isfp typing . hm , what i see is , i observe the whole scene in one , with a sort of structure imposed over , then after orienting myself via that ( very very quickly ) , i look at the objects inside it , a cursory glance ... ok . what is your point ? this was already quoted in the thread btw . '