' i like that you can see where i am coming from and that i'm not trying to belittle isfj's . it is quite difficult for intj's and isfj's to have discussions about this topic because in describing the ... well friendships between intj's and isfj's are certainly not impossible . i have a fairly close male isfj friend and we have never had any issues or found that he has bothered me in the least . but ... they are the opposite cognitive function as us . meaning just about everything we stand for will be unimportant and unappealing to isfj's and vice versa . my stepmom is an isfj and we clash on ... ha , well he sort of combines a few different theories when trying to describe ethical egoism so that video is not completely accurate . he also tries to loosely define it in terms of goals where i ... the reason i ask is because the ethical theory ayn rand articulates is psychopathic . ethical egoism : what's morally right is to do whatever is in your own self-interest with no regard for the ... well , you've basically validated the point i was making with respect to the op . the reason people probably tend to think intj's are assholes is because most seem to have a complete lack of concern ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t1JhjugqB0U yes it does . clearly you have a misunderstanding about what love is . love is wanting to see another person happy . attachment involves biased emotions of longing or desire to obtain something or ... i put her though a lot . she tried to hangout with me and i was just self-sabotaging and would act weird when she came to things i invited her to . then i told her that i liked her and wanted to get to ... i am talking specifically about her ethical theory . people often overlook the specifics of it because ayn rands entire theory of objectivism incorporates multiple different theories into a worldview , ... shea thanks for the honest response . i think you are misunderstanding my intentions though . i'm not trying to romantically re-pursue her . i genuinely want to be friends with her because i really care ... no . i would not want immortality . i think it would be a living hell . the universe is set up the way it is for a reason . self conscious creatures can live at their happiest only in a finite existence ... ya , certainly not all intj's are like that . it probably comes from the fact that quite a lot of intj's have sort of f * * * ed up ethical views that make them come off as heartless . nietzsche and ayn ... infj's are known for being able to forgive people . in my case it's not really a matter of forgiveness since i didn't do anything to intentionally hurt this girl . i basically told her that i loved her ... of course unconditional love exists . this kind of love was referred to as agape by the ancient greeks . i understand it as essentially synonymous with altruism . i define it as something like having ... i never said men are immune to feeling attached after intercourse . i was just saying that biologically women are more susceptible . that's just a scientific fact about their biological makeup . there ... why wouldn't you just wear a condom ? it's not that hard for women . just lower your standards , go to a bar and go along with the guys who are hitting on you . they will basically do all the ... søren kierkegaard happens to be my favorite philosopher . i've studied him extensively . he is mainly an existentialist philosopher and a theologian . as far as his ethical theory , he is essentially a ... umm , well first off i wasn't even addressing kathy kane . if you go back to the part where i said that , it was in a response to sapeience where we had just been discussing the distinction between ... well , actually philosophy is one of the most common pre-law majors because you study argumentation and learn about logical fallacies ... like ad hominem : confused : good question . so compassion is generally understood to represent acting out of a motive of concern for the wellbeing of others . compassion in its common form however relies on empathy . it is an ... divine command theory , which is a religious based ethical theory , is considered deontological . the ten commandments , for instance , would be deontological in nature . deontology is just opposed to ... even though i provided the standard legal definition for murder , i am not arguing from a legal standpoint but from a moral one . in arguing that murder can never be morally justified kathy kane ... not at all . it depends on how you define injustice and what is considered justifying an action . as a most basic starter , justification and justice / injustice are two separate things . only certain ... well , i don't really care . morality is about finding the actual criteria for right action . the principle as you stated it does not describe the actual criteria or reason for an action being wrong . if ... well , to be more specific i hold compassion to be a prerequisite for moral action . compassion meaning concern for reducing the suffering or harm done to others . i also separate compassion into a ... if there's no rational basis for the disagreement then i could care less if they disagree . they haven't provided any support for their position and so there is no reason for anyone to take it ... murder is killing an innocent person with malicious intent . that would not necessarily suffice . if the person only turned the track to kill the one out of a benevolent intention to save five ... no . there are many principles that find a way of justifying the trolley car example , consequentialism , doctrine of double effect , principle of permissible harm ... huh ? i never said they are ... can you provide a case where murder is right ? if not then the claim murder is wrong stands as the logical conclusion based on common sense ... amoral means not concerned with notions of right and wrong or whether ones behavior is right or wrong . this is not equivalent to moral relativism . it's more commonly associated with moral nihilism ... well , thank you for bringing up the issue of god . as for the issue of god , the following statement is unavoidably true : god either exists or does not ; this statement is true by necessity , and is ... in the field of ethics it is structured and consistent , which is what we're talking about here , ethical reflection . to say that different people hold different moral views within societies and ... well , i don't know that morals are so obvious that there is no point discussing them . certainly their are very absurd ethical positions that some people follow that could be strengthened by ... oh great . am i gunna have to define every one of these terms for you . complex ideas when speaking about them in terms of a requirement of rational animals refer to the ability to understand ... a lot of intj's here have used this argument . that they don't like morality because every time they discuss it with other people they get judged poorly , therefore it is dumb and a waste of time ... if there were no empathy it would not be wrong to torture someone ? that person still feels pain don't they ? and plus there are already people with no empathy , sociopaths . i don't think the fact that ... what about a jewish prisoner in a concentration camp stealing food from the nazi store house to feed his fellow inmates ? what about the case of euthanasia where you kill a terminally ill ... people created science too , in the sense that we articulated these concepts in words . doesn't mean that they don't speak to a deeper objective truth about the universe , just as it doesn't mean that ... you just have to find one that doesn't allow for fucked up shit . if someone can't provide a convincing counter-example to why a certain ethical theory is faulty or goes against most people's moral ... this is a very simple definition . a rational animal is an animal with the ability to reason and form / articulate complex ideas . on our planet we are the only rational animals but the point i am making ... the thing about ethics is that if you find a flaw in a moral system all you have to do is investigate the cause of that flaw and either present a different ethical theory that you believe does not ... he doesn't sound like an enfp at all to me . they are probably the biggest initiators aside from esfp's of all the personality types . if he was an enfp he would be taking complete charge of the ... they are very different from each other . considering that enfp's are always pursuing me and i'm always pursuing infj's , they are probably the two types i've had the most experience with . here are ... you can do small acts of kindness everyday to help the people around you . that is enough . if everyone did that , it would make a difference . you sound a little like a kantian . a theory i hold to as well . kant described morality according to a categorical imperative ( meaning there are certain things that are right or wrong regardless of ... there's a really good harvard ethics course available online for free . harvard professor michael sandel ( author of what money can't buy ) taped one of his lectures over an entire semester of what is ... you don't need to be knowledgeable about philosophy to be able to say whether you're for or against something like female genital mutilation . at any rate , i see that this is all just over your head ... i'm curious what the moral views of infj's are like . do you have a moral code or certain principles that you live by ? and if so , can you describe what they are ? i was just saying that they might not start out knowing the formal arguments for and against positions like moral relativism . but just because they don't have a degree in ethics does not mean they ... '