' http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EDOuWEniNHI just got home from work , eating dinner and posting here before i dive into some final fantasy 14 for the evening . :) 5 taco's . :) eh hard to say . i'm always a mixed bag of emotions and thoughts . last day of vacation though , so that's a bit sad . but feeling positive for the future , so that's good . :) league of legends hearthstone hex rust final fantasy 14 marvel heroes hamburgers . funny thing is that last time i posted most of my food was from a box , and well it's not changed that much . but i do attempt to make food such as hamburgers now . :) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ak_ujxsRG1I#t=67 creative , and amazing work . :) 1 ) robotech , yes the english version . enjoyed it much more than the macross japanese version . 2 ) toradora ! , best romantic / comedy ever . 3 ) love hina , again a good romantic / comedy 4 ) ranma 1/2 , ... aubbs i always knew you were a robot ... now it's official . :) https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=0nlJuwO0GDs i really like the song that was created for this new champion in league of legends . i hope to see more content like this . this season : golden time tends to be the title i'll focus on this season as it's created by the creator of toradora ! . if anyone is planning on getting final fantasy 14 and is looking for a free company / guild to join feel free to message me . i don't know how strong the gaming community is for an mmo but for those ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t0m_nA4iOKw http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t0m_nA4iOKw a great song , filled with spoilers for those that watch the show and know who they are referring to . :) dragon's prophet , skyrim and like 20 other titles . 3 soft tacos with sour cream and extra cheese from del taco . :) well i guess this sums up my day https://sphotos-a.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-prn1/45261_10100266065055797_463662923_n.jpg hit the 1000 ticket jackpot on one of the new machines at dave and busters ... happy 10,000 posts . lord that is a lot of posting . :) too many titles to really focus on just one . - evoland - bleed - skyrim : legendary edition - wow - shadowrun returns - payday 2 - dust : an elysian tail - van helsing ah well i'm ok i suppose . many new folks have joined from the last time i really was able to be active here so it's nice to see so many new faces . overall work is work . i had a small love life but ... i'm surfing the web , getting ready to eat something , and debating what to do for the rest of the evening . as someone who works overnights and tomorrow is my first night back , i'll stay up all night ... pot roast meal with a slice of bread . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5t99bpilCKw this seems to be on the local radio a lot as of late , but i will always know it as the opening song for borderlands i rewatched super troopers then avengers last night . :) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xuUHksO-Qdw sometimes i enjoy playing through older titles and i find that some titles that have been out for awhile still hold up today . dragon quest 8 for the ps2 holds up for the music . i still can't get ... i'm hoping in the next testing cycle or the one after they allow people to stream gameplay . i'd love to stream the gameplay . i can't really say that the screenshots don't do justice to the overall ... well just finished taking part in the 48 hour final fantasy 14 phase 3 beta , pc version . i hate to repost my thoughts so i'll copy and paste my facebook post and some forums posts i used to describe ... chrono trigger will always be a classic , as well as the soundtrack from suikoden 2 . i'm doing well . i've been really busy with work so i've not posted here as much as i used to . my ex and kids moved to texas so i'm living in colorado till i decide to move somewhere else where i can ... a burrito and two taco's from del taco . picked up breakfast for a friend and myself . watching masterchef on hulu.com . trying to catch up on tv that i've missed . see i'm always playing games , so it's hard to keep my list up to date . - tomb raider - hotline miami - ragnarok online 2 - magic the gathering 2013 - sonic and all-stars racing transformed ... hamburger helper and some cookies with milk . :) iron man 3 : it was alright , in perspective it was well done for what it was . someone said on another board it answered the question that was posed in the avengers by captain america . when you take ... eating cookies and drinking some milk while watching the series copper on netflix . a cop series set in 1865 in the new york 5 points area . :) i'm tired , a lot of things going on right now in my life . part of the reason i've not been around these boards as of late . but i felt that i should post here as i have enjoyed my time here . :) ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aMmAsqtGRmk might be old , but man it's great ! you know i really enjoy smite . i've been playing for a long time and stopped for awhile . a friend picked up 2012 and 2013 convention skins as well that i used and now i've been spending more time in ... 4 soft tacos , extra cheese , sour cream from del taco . :) i work nights so getting something hot that i don't need to make after working for 12-14 hours is hard here . either subway or del taco for ... ore no imouto ga konnani kawaii wake ga nai new season started . lots of great series coming back for this spring season . :) i've been playing assassin's creed 3 on the pc . was able to pick up the deluxe edition for 39.99 awhile ago and it really does shine on the pc with the graphics . great game so far . ... well if you were not just staring at connor from ac 3 perhaps you could make time to play . =p finished bioshock infinite . total time was just shy of 15 hours on hard . great game , first game i've really enjoyed in sometime . i could care less for the gameplay and spend more time just in the ... the hobbit , yeah late to the party i know . :) watching breaking bad and getting ready to dive back into bioshock infinite . bioshock infinite , first game i've really , really enjoyed in the last year . pc version with ultra settings . so pretty . assassin's creed 3 , picked up deluxe edition on the cheap for the pc . need ... this season seems like their should be a number of good titles . :) you know , i really don't mind the issues i suppose . from what i have played of the game it's a fun , enjoyable title . the drm issues , and online connection , and the general problems they are having ... simcity . i am interested in getting a number of perc folks together and making a region of just perc community members . i think the biggest region can hold up to 16 players . the social aspects are ... '