' 1 . if you could anthropomorphize yourself into an animal , would animal would represent you ? a chimpanzee . at least then i'd be the second most human animal on earth :P 2 . name an accomplishment ... i . love . dogs ! i , however , have learned to keep my distance from cats . i used to be a cat person but i developed an allergy to cat dander in elementary school and now i can't even enter a house with ... i almost never have long-term crushes . i get really giddy about it and even if i wasn't planning to ask the person out , they usually figure me out in a few days and are either creeped out or ... the point of love and compassion is to keep the human species going for as long as possible . love makes us more likely to support each other instead of being detrimental . it's what keeps the father ... http://www.commerce.gov/sites/default/files/images/2011/june/shuttle_piggyback.jpgIIn the end , all the lonely space shuttle needed was a piggyback ride from a friend : wink : oh yeah . dem feels . : 3 but really , i am like that sometimes , but when i'm really upset , it's hard to maintain . sometimes i just wanna make someone's day a little brighter . other times i just feel that i should . :p roud : i am a very animated person , and i feel a lot , and when i feel it , i just get the feels all over everyone . yoohoo larry i'm sorry you don't like emotions : unsure : https://fbcdn-sphotos-b-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-ash4/p480x480/998216_637194162968265_29923941_n.jpg get it ? ha ha . ha ha ha . ha . : happy : : shocked : but i just went shoe shopping ! alas , poor self esteem , i knew it well . now people have to judge me for my personality , things can only get more interesting from here : tongue : hello , lovely istjs . - hugs - : crazy : i'm back ! ( it's yourebffjill ) but anyway : , i would like my ideal partner to : - like and get along with my family and friends - love dogs - love children and want ... i have never dated somebody twice before . i feel like if i ever did , it would have to be 10 years later , or some other long amount of time . enough time for both of us to change enough to be ... i'm an engineering major , looking to switch to physics . you aren't alone at all , dear . and , there would be a very famous enfj physicist out there right now too , named neil degrasse tyson . you should ... 1 ) maximizer : people strong in the maximizer theme focus on strengths as a way to stimulate personal and group excellence . they seek to transform something strong into something superb . 91 ... i'm sure you can restrain yourself : tongue : i wanna do it ! ! : happy : i'm on a leave of absence from work because i broke my hand and i need something to do and i don't start college until the fall . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umDr0mPuyQc really though , i think the result was inaccurate because i may be driven , but i'm definitely not driven by the need for power : tongue : oh and i forgot ... mine came up red ... : unsure : http://www.colorcode.com/media/piecharts/piechart-nFUJWzQg.png olivia . :D that sounds way too creepy . he just met you and he's coming on way too strong . i think he has ulterior motives and i think you should drop it like it's hot . ( skip over 1:30- 2:01 ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UR_byRbXxvs hey guys , settle down , please . she's new and she didn't know about the other threads ( i dont see any on the first page myself ) . alittleflower it's nice to see you taking initiative and creating a ... ways to get out of my house ( i currently live in the country without my own car ) . also , ways to convince my work to let me be a cashier with my injured hand . unfortunately , both have been unfruitful ... so here's what i've observed about myself throughout my high school years : either people loved me to pieces , or they absolutely hated me beyond repair , despite the rarity of myself having malicious ... step 1 :P ut stuff away where you know it should go ( spices in spice drawer , etc ) . step 2 : throw stuff out that you don't need ( or donate it ) . step 2 : buy containers + put similar things in those ... i just happen to have every stuffed animal that was ever given to me , so i'd say so . mom : enfp dad : istj brother 1 : entj brother 2 : infp brother 3 : intp grandma : infp aunt : esfp step grandmother : isfj i'm upset because i'm 17 and just out of highschool and i've never been to a party , tried alcohol , or used drugs of any sort and everyone else has . right now , my boyfriend is at his friend's party ... i suppose so i want to win the argument even if i'm wrong . sometimes it takes me longer to realize i'm wrong though . most of my arguments are more based on my opinions than on fact . today i had an argument over ... thank you for replying :) i question whether or not i'm xnfj because i am incredibly stubborn and competitive , even when i know i'm completely wrong and sometimes i choose to be in the dark so as to ... hey guys , i've done one of these before but i was in a mood and i dont think i was completely myself about it . so how about we try this again ? :) 1 . is there anything that may affect the way you ... lol at the one upping people at company luncheons thing . i actually do that a lot . oh we get to bring food ? - prepares most complicated , delicious dish possible - http://www.myfacewhen.net/uploads/4316-sunglasses.gif i'm choleric . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SK1wyLJVKog there's an ask us anything thread but i assume you want a bigger audience focusing on your post , sooo . what are your interests and hobbies ? i like to go out whenever i can ( with friends of ... usually if it is misinterpreted , it is misinterpreted as flirting . i rarely have any other issues with it , but it's hard to be myself around guys especially when they all think i'm a huge flirt and ... haha same for me , except even seeing one is better than like 10 thanks . :) let's talk about the best feelings in the world . i'll start : - when someone tells me they like being around me / i'm considerate / cheer them up , etc . - running a couple miles , then jumping in a pool ... i can't even bear to read / watch that and i'm a girl . eew . :P - sees posts - so this is why my name hasn't been changed as fast as the people who posted the day before me ... xd now to try to remember who has all these new names so i don't get extremely confused ... please change my username to ' perpetual iridescence ' . thank you :) i was homeschooled when i was younger , so i didn't have much of a chance to be popular , with few peers and fewer chances to make friends . and when i left homeschool , it took me some time to get used ... as long as it's interesting or someone needs me to read it and give advice or even to listen . but if it's extremely long and boring , i'll still skim it . greencoyote you should give us a story ! i ... cookie_thief i love you for posting this . keep the suggestions coming , guys . grilled cheese sounds good and nachos are where it's at . : kitteh : well i'm being forced to attend family dinner . i say forced because my parents wont allow me to leave the table when i'm done eating and insist that i stay and listen to my brothers fight about ... hmm . this topic is udderly amoosing . https://encrypted-tbn1.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcTe3xrgrzF6iYDUuMbljhFQvbJgkFABfPGU_-citp3_snjeiq74 sorry , i'm really milking the puns . i could sit here all day watching the morphing vegetables in your signature . : crazy : that being said , i have nothing to contribute to this conversation . :D violet , yellow , sensitive tan . :) and i'm a type 2w3 . i just didn't get blue as a result . well , since i like in america , 2.4 babies ... '