hmm ... my dad mentioned something about people working in healthcare where they come in with a degree and specialise . i kind of figured that psychology itself isn't that reliable of a field without ... i am currently a freshman in university majoring in cognitive psychology with a ( built-in ) minor of philosophy and a plan to minor in ( possibly ) biology or spanish . it is my understanding that ... most happy - there's a plate of cookies on my stove and since my roommate's gone for the weekend they're all mine most unhappy - i only have 2 friends ; one of which is in another timezone and the ... short story : i normally never study and so now i'm suffering because of it . up until now i've been able to get by through paying attention in class and doing my assignments ; but right now i've just ... i went and found another quiz that was gender neutral since i'm a straight female and got omega . when i was younger i used to have night terrors , sleep paralysis , and sometimes i'd wake up from a nightmare but whatever was scaring me would still be there as i woke up ( almost like a half-dream ... exercise i try to exercise on on tuesday and thursday nights . i typically exercise outside because i'm not really in shape i'm kind of intimidated by people in gyms . with others . large amounts of ... welcome ! i guess , i've always been better with subjects like art , psychology , humanities , literature and history classes than with math and programming and stuff like that . my all time favourite is hellsing . ellen lied was really good . i like higurashi no nako koto ni , one piece , attack on titan , wolfs rain , black butler , and a few others . i never got around to ... i typically read philosophical or fantasy . more recently i've been ready a lot of psychological books . crime stories are good and i also like ghost stories and whatnot . hi ! welcome ! i like anime too , and reading ? what genres do you read ? welcome , it's nice to meet you ! i notice we have similar interests . more specifically : anime , slacking , and singing . i can't play guitar though ... wish i could . dreams are very interesting things too . welcome ! because these sorts of things aren't exact , they're just a generalisation , i think things like this will happen . for me i would test multiple times and often get isfp instead of infp . it could have ... ok . let's start with my room i guess . i'm kind of messy so i have my stuff everywhere , but i'm still clean ( if that makes sense ) like , i'm not really organized , but things aren't disgusting or ... is there anything else ( specific ) that you would like to know ? or should i just run on about random habits and stuff xd i don't necessarily contradict myself , but i tend to kind of jump around when i'm trying to tell someone something which might include me saying something contradictory without necessarily meaning ... welcome ! hi there ! welcome ! welcome ! maybe do a bit of research on the place you're going to see if there's anything of interest to you . hi there ! welcome ! hi there ! welcome ! to answer the title question , no ( in my opinion ) . however , family is not exclusively the one you were born into . to be honest , there are people that i have known for a little less than a year that i ... 1 . i donx 92t remember exactly when i realized that there was evil , but sometime between 2nd and 4th grade i was kind of aware of it . it was something i kind of saw in these boys at my school . we had ... hi there ! hi there ! nice to meet you ! welcome ! hi there ! you step on your laptop because you were too lazy to put it away before going to sleep . hi there ! the smiths francoise hardy i the mighty anberlin chvrches coyote theory sublime franz ferdinand hellogoodbye rise against that's good , i can probably learn from this because i've never been good at telling people how i feel about them . also , i find your story rather odd because i've had a similar experience with an intj ... this happens to me all the time , but i have no idea why . part of me thinks that it has something to do with the way i come across to other people , but then i think maybe it's just a lack of ... although i dislike not having control over the situation sometimes , i realized that i'm not always going to be able to and sometimes i'm more comfortable with that . the outcome will usually depend on ... i'm not sure where i am as far as religion goes . i used to be very religious until i moved , but then when i saw more of the world i began to question what i was taught as a kid and my perspective ... in general , i think labels can be ok providing that people don't look to far into them and begin using them as an excuse to only understand what they can see ... if that makes sense . for example , i ... hello , welcome ! hi ! yeah ... i don't think that the procrastination goes away . however for me , i've recently started to make lists of things that i have to get done in order to get the larger project done . eventually ... my mother is estj and my dad is entp . my relationship with my mum ... eh ... there's often a lot of misunderstandings but we get along for the most part . she kind of stresses me out though but i think ... i guess my dream world would be very peaceful for the most part , the landscape would be more dramatic . maybe brighter colors , really tall mountains , maybe some surreal things too like floating ... i used to do stuff like that but with bugs and lizards xd welcome ! i used to do that . i remember my favorite museum was a converted prison and asylum in kansas . they had a history of different treatments and torture methods and stuff . as a child , did anyone else have interests or obsessions that teachers or classmates think made you weird ? when i was a kid i had this absolute obsession with the dead , mummies , ancient sacrifices , ... haha , i probably need that sort of motivation . slagathor last year i had a similar routine , but since i'm graduating in a couple of months , i've been hit with this wave of laziness and i've been putting my homework off to the last minute , also i ...