' your score was 98 of 100 . this puts you in the category of the high machs , people who do not belive in the goodness of the world and that because that it must be manipulated , people who ... my brother spoke this gold yesterday : if i wasn't myself , i would be someone else . 25 % while your political outlook may share a few ( or even quite a few ) of fascism's fundamental doctrines , it is overall safe to say that your political orientation is * not * a fascist one . now , you ... 29800 . top 0,16 % . pretty good for not being my native language . http://i1076.photobucket.com/albums/w451/staale86/1911849-h1QeHf-m_zpsbjuvgzh5.jpg not sure if i'm infj or intj , but i post here anyway . most big cities were founded centuries ago and often close to the ocean , a river or a big lake . topography alone makes building a circular city very inconvenient . cities built in a rectangular ... self-checkout lanes are for idiots . my strategy for picking the lane that gets me fastest out is to pick the one with the least customers even if those customers might have more groceries than ... i go in with a mental list , based on what i would like to eat the next week . no need to write anything down , because i rarely / never forget the stuff i need . the only occasion i might bring a list , is ... i guess most of them are in asia . get ready to fight back . he'll be very sorry for picking a fight with me . tell him the facts , then tell him to fuck off . if he persists , i will continue eating while staring him down . the ... norwegian infj here . o_0 first of all : it is more correct to call it germanic tribes or norse tribes rather than viking tribes . viking is a profession , and most people in the norse society were farmers or tradesmen rather ... i wouldn't do that . it's just rude . i would still have conversations with girls who are into me , but unless i like them back , i would try my best not to flirt excessively during our ... nothing , except for family and friends being upset by you not living . it would be awesome if technology got to a point where you could upload your brain to a computer and live forever , but i doubt ... mostly : i agree to the terms and conditions i like fish fingers better than cookies and cakes , and i don't like fish fingers very much . never understood people's fascination with cookies and cakes . they're not that good . a chocolate chip ... you can buy toothpaste that whiten your teeth . it takes a couple of weeks before you notice a difference tough , but they will gradually whiten if you use it properly . my dentist recommends brushing ... no . it's stupid . i have a really dark sense of humor , so you might not like the same stuff i like , but here it is . web pages : go away run by australian humorist david thorne . lots of funny stuff there , but i ... that annoyed me too . so i set the speed to 2.0 , which was closer to how fast a normal person speak , but his voice started sounding like a terminator . pretty cool , if you ignore all his crazy talk . ... i got 151 i swear a lot more than most people i know . often i have to edit out swear words in my head before writing or talking . i don't think it has much to do with type though . it's more to do with where ... exactly . i don't see why myers briggs should uncritically support parts of a different personality system . is it really that important for you that someone put it down on paper that two people of certain types could date successfully ? nobody have their personality type tatooed in their forehead , so ... here's the cat i had three years ago : 4511704512 02 due to my current job situation with a lot of traveling i can't have any pets . norway . this is very accurate : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=acNnq8pwbC4 no . most people wouldn't , except for other people with hiv i guess . i'm an atheist , so no . i don't believe he exist . if life sucks i pull myself together and do my best to improve the situation i might be in . it's often my own fault if life doesn't go my way . i remember once when on a flight that i bought some items from the flight attendant and i got twice as much change back as i should . i called him back to give back the money i owed , and he implied ... it doesn't bug me much in day to day life , because i live in europe where the week starts on monday , like it should . it doesn't make sense to start the week in the middle of the weekend . but i ... giant anteaters have been my favorites since around fourth grade . they look silly as fuck , but are pretty badass : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9DZofnZWM9k the anteater is like : yeah , keep ... i don't think renaming sensors will help much . it's not the name that's the problem , it's the stereotypes . maybe we should just treat people like individuals instead of reading too much into ... i usually buy 0,5 or 0,7 % fat , but i don't buy it unless i need it for cooking , because i don't drink milk very often . for me it's just the right amount of fat . not too little and not too much . ... i like meat . i usually buy one with several of these ( if not all ): beef , ham , meatballs , bacon , pepperoni , salami and onion . maybe jalapenos and champignons . i usually use tabasco sauce if it's ... q1 ) do you push the villain onto the tracks ? why ? yes . because he's a mustache-twirling cunt . q2 ) do you pull the lever ? why ? yes . i'd rather save five people than one . what are all these people ... my profile says i'm an infj , but i am currently considering the possibility that i might be an intj . sj : if i have to pick one , i'd choose the isfjs . it might be because i'm a ni dom , but i ... eww ... paris ... there's plenty of places i'd rather live , than in a city famous for it's smell of piss . it sounds rather nice to live in florence or switzerland , but even if money wasn't an ... no . letting this asshole die in agony , sounds like a way better deal than wasting sweet precious medicine on him . later , i'll make a deal with a pharmaceutical company to find out how to make more of ... firstly : your cat looks awesome . love the facial expression . i've had several norwegian forest cats ( or normal cat as we call them in norway ) , which is a cat breed very similar to the maine coon ... english is my second language . my first language is norwegian and i also speak swedish and danish on a near native level . for sneakiness : crazy : . i follow most of the recipe and add extra ingredients ( both more of the stuff already in the recipe and ingredients not in the recipe ) . some recipes i've made so many times that i know them in my ... ugh . this is something humanity can do without ! i have a feeling that these are the same kind of people who hang the toilet paper roll the wrong way and put ketchup on pizza . of course i eat it ... yes . my brain decides that activities i already enjoy doing , are even more fun to do if i do them after 1am . another thing i've noticed is how much more productive i can be at night . i feel like ... everything you wrote is exactly how i was in school as a kid . by the way , most of my teachers were fucking idiots . there was only a select few i actually respected . to be honest , teachers demanding ... 195 cm male . that's about 6 ' 5 for the americans . a mimic octopus : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t-LTWFnGmeg first name : steel in old norse . there's also an e at the end just to make it look cooler . it's a euphemism for sword or weapon . last name : holy hill in proto-norse . agnostic atheist as far back as i can remember . i'm a member since birth of the church of norway , but i've never believed in god or jesus . i see no reason to believe in something there is no ... infj 7,5 / 10 , maybe 8/ 10 in addition to being the funniest guy in class i were also one of the smartest , which is probably why many people liked me . that , and the fact i weren't a dickhead to ... introvert with three brothers . the two younger of them are extroverts . i don't think it have any effect on if people become introverted or extroverted . i think that's pretty much decided from ... '