' that makes perfect sense ! i was thinking about haru being an enfp but after reading what you said , i can understand why it would definitely be fe and not fi for him . it's also really interesting for ... i've been watching a few episodes of super lovers recently and i'm really interested as to what you guys think the types of ren and haru are ! i personally don't have much of a guess except that ren ... thank you ! that honestly sounds like it is perfectly right . she does have a very large self esteem issue and she is very insecure about her relationships . this makes her constantly lie because 1 ... also gonna share these ones that i found ~ gifts differing : understanding personality type ( isabel briggs myers ) | used books from thrift books please understand me : character and temperament ... barnes & noble / ebay / amazon seem to be good places . i've done something similar to people that i've been in romantic relationships for over a year now . we kinda let it settle to make sure that we don't get enticed by a better option , we have to ... this is killing me . i've been searching for books on mbti for almost an hour now , and no author has an individual book for every single type ! i want a single book on enfps . another on entps , etc . for ... this is killing me . i've been searching for books on mbti for almost an hour now , and no author has an individual book for every single type ! i want a single book on enfps . another on entps , etc . for ... why am i sitting here ? i could be learning , breeding information in my mind . i could be full of cheer , at the mere sight of learning . i'm yearning for it ... but i can't keep track . i should go so ... yeah , i definitely think that . try not to beat yourself up but you didn't really notice hey . he has a thing going on ... i should do something about it . probably because you most likely avoid ... i still wanna hear ! ! ! because we are ! hi mr . estj . i've never met an estj in my life and know nothing about them . wanna talk about yourself a little ? how are you with feelings ? do you enjoy people ? ~ hm . alright . do you guys tend to sympathize or empathize ? do you guys like to ? do you use feelings often ? why are you guys loyal ? ~ all questions i have for you guys <3 your lack of organizing based on type severely bothers me ... lol . my best of friends are always intj and infj . i have a good intp friend and a former friend was isfp before he decided he didn't ... you need some socialization and a good friend . get outside and do stuff as soon as possible , even a nice walk . try to get that motivation back . try your absolute hardest to look on the brighter ... this is a really really tough read . i only have your perspective and not conversations or anything ( don't share those though ~ ) . it feels like he had a lot of interest in you , but you kinda blew him ... i find it very fun that you guys are all so focused on what isn't needed to be focused on . i included the four types because they're my four favorite . i've never known inxps really and right now have ... isfj mom and istp dad . mom loved me but didn't show it the way i needed it , so it was ignored . dad loved me and brought me up on this platform saying i was amazing , but every mistake i made was a big ... i know a few isfjs who seem to talk to nts for the sole fact of learning a different method of working . they sometimes seem to idolize their ability to just not care in certain situations . maybe ... every infj , intj , enfp and entp , just post here and say hi , i thought it'd be really cool to see how many other types are lurking on this thread because of their interest in us ~ describe yourself ... i have never actively looked into efficient methods , wanna help ? ~ enxps are like ... the daily coffee for inxjs . while infjs prefer enfps and intjs prefer entps , they interchange often . my best friend in the world is an infj . my partner is an intj . i can't get enough ... welcome back ! more new users like myself is all that i would know is new . it's nice to see someone returning to personality cafe ! ! <3 no interest personally , i just don't find anything overly fun about it . i like being myself too much i guess <3 you didn't tell us your interests , every enfp is different . i like computer programming and tech support , you might like baking fancy cakes for all i know . but general advice : work . with . people ... male here but yeah , i can't wait to have children . simply because of the challenge it'll bring and the ability to work as a team with my partner . plus it could turn out like me and have ... i actively want to gain weight and complain about wanting to gain weight , but fail to eat 3 meals a day . because i have a tiny stomach and don't want to spend all day eating . what if people started realizing that mbti is science and not just theory , and everyone started using it to better their entire lives and improve upon themselves . we could have courses like ... i'll start off ~ <3 how many people does it take to change a light bulb ? two . one extrovert to actually change the light bulb , and one introvert to beg them to keep the darkness . i forgot to clarify ! i was thinking professional games such as : league of legends , dota 2 , cod , starcraft 2 , etc . games that require both strategy and quick thinking . intuitives rule at chess , ... a diary of a young girl by anne frank . an enfp ~ hah . i caught your eye with the words theoretical and debate ! my fellow enfps , i have noticed that most of the time , sensors are much better at physical tasks . they tend to keep in shape , like ... more often than i realize . i do it to hold counters for when i can't do basic math ( 7 + 8) . that's about it ~ we look the happiest ! but don't worry sweetie , we aren't ! ~ <3 so many responses . thank you all so much . you're all so nice and have improved my views on isfjs so heavily . she is 16 and has taken the test , she got infj with a < 5 % n . she does not act like an ... i know an isfj that lies compulsively . if she has a conflict coming she'll lie . if she wants to sound more interesting she'll lie . if a story isn't cool enough , she'll lie . and if she's caught in ... alright ~ remember that i said if they all act like that , i wouldn't know , though . that's because i've only met one isfj who now that you prove it , might be another type . she took the test and ... as with what was said earlier , i would definitely remember . people don't see you differently , you see yourself differently ! what i personally do is find a trait about myself and i admire it like ... christian . it brings hope , so why not ? ~ i know an isfj .. she's a heavily compulsive liar and i can not staaand her . she focuses on drama and she needs to experience all of these feelings that just aren't needed . i could never have a ... i would definitely recommend being there for her first off . she may rely on your feeling very heavily and be prepared for that . try your hardest to remind her with what she wants to hear you don't ... i'm really sorry ! really ... i was on my phone and it told me that i couldn't send pms yet due to being a new user ... so i have to post it here . i'd definitely say she has interest in you , keep on ... of course an intj thinks so ~ ;) my intj can not stand esfps . she hates every single sensor in the world and can't appreciate any of them , she hates it when i talk to sensors . she loves her books though . she also hates it when i get ... i was going to say yes because well you get everything that you want from your partner ! but then i remember how many times i needed an infj or intj to calm me down because i had a breakdown for ... adhd , 100 % every day of my life : do you have adhd ? i literally can't wait to see my intj in 26 minutes so i can tell her about an enfp x intj couple i found online so i can hear her die of laughter as i quote them . i personally have found that most people aren't ... bad people , just stupid . i guess i do believe in people because every time i've ever disliked someone , i said to myself they just don't ... i would say that since you don't know if he was making fun of you , reside in that . regardless of how you actually look , you should see how you view yourself and find small positives about your looks ... '