' it annoys me lol . i know that we've got fame for being adaptable because we relish in improvisation , however what kind of job would entps suck total ass at ? k . i send my fire scissors back and i send out my professor plum . firey scissors drops to 75 % hp . firey scissors use scissors beat paper * appropiate music * hyphen sends out firey scissors ! you're not intj , you are uknown personality [ / caps ] why does this thread have more pages than what do you love about entps ? i gotta make a brand of chocolate bars with the sales pitch i know you better than you know yourself . hey . enfps . i know you better than you know yourself . k , i said it . what happens now ? question : hey . yo . ' sup ? omfg its true ! i did long await this thread ! and i thought intps where laid back ... he hehe i like this thread . so , genes have nothing to do with personality ? or i've just presented a bad example ? i've noticed there are no 2wx xwx xwx in the list . bunch of 7s though . k . so , by average , there should be a % of nuture , and a % of nature then . 50 50 perhaps ? i dunno . but interesting . so , if parents are a important factor , could a pattern be drawn ? like for ... there is 0 % bullshit in this post . emotive , conceptual , surreal ... i friggin love infj art . i generally like n-based art than s-based art , but infjs just stand out within the n-art area for me . so , you avoid all guys unless you like them ? neon signs and loudspeakers would be really helpful . because thier eyebrows are shaped as axes if someone with a mental deficiency can understand this easily , i approve . well , i was just blindly assuming the permises of op , i don't really understand it well myself . but . wolfs : violent as shwits or something . some breeds of dogs : calm and nice . considering dogs ... that they appear to be more frecuent doesn't give me clues about why there are intps nowadays . why are are lots of pigeons ? because there are more and more everyday . or i'm understanding wrong ... uh , just a pointer but : i think the quesiton is : why are intps sexy ? they might be useful as witch doctors and all that , but are they prone to be chosen as potencial mates due to thier ... 7w6 , 4w5 , 9w8 . susumu hirasawa i like ponies . yes , it works ! and now it doesnt ! very . i'm a hug-oholic . i have the koala syndrome and i love to be wrapped around those i love , or be the one wrapped by others . kisses also apply . whatever its called , i am seldomly not in the ... http://emotibot.net/pix/255.jpg ^ same here , heavenly shit ! i gotta do my chemistry study ! gaaah sheisstellar 1 . film - we're talking non-blockbuster : oh yes . i love films where the protagonist is mentally ill / different than the rest . k-pax , i'm a cyborg , but that's ok , adam . all ... justice , from guilty gear . http://img7.imageshack.us/img7/2492/dibujonds.png if you can read peoples expressions ( that face makes me know that he is sad , that face makes me know he is ... sluei . teh creepshits , i sound like some kind of sociopath : laid on my back and with certain thoughts in mind : one metre . http://emotibot.net/pix/2409.png http://img84.imageshack.us/img84/626/aliensh.png thier lack of superpowers . what i hate about entps is that we don't have superpowers . i hate that . when others attempt to brainwash you , you end up brainwashing them . no more werewolves or vampires ! well , i suppose . i have the science laid out , but not the carisma . still , i personally don't see why this experiment would be wrong though . but if the intjs and infjs aren't going to answer the ... seeking coorelation between data ? geez . btw , guise . this is good info , i'll wait for some more time ( more entps to give info , etc ) , then make the list and the poll . for those in doubt , the poll ... yes 10char . * gives you this post * tough one . he has high n ( high ne ) , but i have feeling he is more enfp than entp . just me . http://personalitycafe.com/nts-temperament-forum-intellects/78598-how-center-yourself.html where did your tertiary fe go ? for the kicks . 1 . ) 40 living at home in their parents basement : not yet - 2 . ) 40 year old virgin : perhaps . 3 . ) socially deprived : no . 4 . ) game addicts : yes . 5 . ) atheist : yes . 6 . ) geniuses : i ... for the kicks : 1 . ) bossy : no 2 . ) mean : no . 3 . ) cocky : no . 4 . ) narcissistic : a bit . 5 . ) bitchy : no . 6 . ) jerks : no . 7 . ) power hungry : no . 8 . ) perfectionist : no . '