' just impulse bought 2x 4k monitors on sale ... there goes $ 900 :( if you haven't seen the movie ' logan ' yet , don't read the spoiler ! after logan buries charles , he can't muster up the right words to say to a dear friend . the pain , grief , and frustration gets to ... layers , my friend . layers . nothing a toque , facemask , and baselayers to prevent the cold from getting in . and if it does get hot you can always open up vents in your jacket ( assuming you've got the ... snowboarding for me has been the most effective way of getting out of that mental rut and lack of stimulation . you're able to challenge yourself up on the mountain with no one to make excuses to ... hey fellow istps , thoughts on dating an enfp ? i've read quite a bit of other threads on this pairing and i just wanted more input from istp rather than from the enfp perspective . so the motif that you're trying to convey here is that istp are the outliers that are nurtured instead of being ' born ' a certain type in the mbti system ? to a degree , yes , some patterns in my life ... i really have a problem with one idiot in my group of friends . he's the most opinionated of the bunch and he's always complaining like a little bitch when it comes to actually planning outdoorsy ... - ones that can supplement my lack of knowledge in topics , but also be open to discussing anything . - willing to be as active as i am in the winter and summer time with snowboarding and kayaking . - ... diploma in aircraft maintenance engineering , ' m ' category in canada . the job market is literally at a stand still right now for any companies to take on apprentices . talk to him in person about it . and don't just beat around the bush , get to the point . if you want to make this work , communication is always key . you don't know what's on his mind , he doesn't ... not so much fixing , rather , assembling . some time ago , my family bought a new dining table set . at the time , i was studying aircraft maintenance . i decided to start with the chairs first after i ... 1 ) do you think it would be fun or would it drain on you ? did it once . never again . maybe if i was still younger and less experienced , i would do it again but just thinking about it now already ... i played pokemon from the first generation to the fourth . now i've stopped because just as tetsu said , it's repetitive . https://soundcloud.com/sparsic started out with trance / house , spent a year making sample-based hip hop . now i've got no time to make anything cause of school . why do asswipes make plans if they're not going to bother following through with it ? fucking despicable . waste of my time . i've got an esfj friend who's dealing with her sadness about a lost opportunity on a love interest . this has also coincided with her menstrual cycle . i was giving her advice on the first couple ... i feel so bad for the people suffering the current disaster at fort mcmurray and surrounding areas ... i get irked by the apathy that my friends have who comment on how tragic this whole ordeal has ... when it comes to the all the nuances and mechanics that go into making an aircraft , car , or machine in general work ? yes , my brain goes into orgasm mode . is this feeling ever sexual in nature ? ... so this girl i've been talking to recently at school revealed to me that she's a lesbian . it's kinda funny in a sense , but also a relief that she doesn't have a boyfriend or is ever going to go out ... ' you never know what you can do until you try . ' or do you mean , meaningful 1 worded values ? integrity . man , watching guys go after a girl is just ridiculous . especially in my aircraft maintenance campus . eeesh . leave the girl alone you horny fucks . okay that sort of sounds like me . but let me tell you from my perspective . ( hopefully i can relate to him ) i'm currently in school monday-friday , 8-3 studying aircraft maintenance and this has ... you know what really grinds my gears ? when you're talking to someone who doesn't even know who elon musk , spacex , tesla , or paypal is ; even though they follow the news and current events . i ... honestly , it's the field that i'm studying in . gotta maintain a certain physique to be able to handle heavy components . ( aircraft maintenance ) but also because i've got a few classmates that are ... i have an isfp friend . they definitely brighten the mood in conversations but aren't very thick-skinned . the one i know is a tad uneducated but may be attributed to her upbringing / early life ... this will sound crazy and hilarious to you . but as a kid i wanted to build a real gundam . yes , the mecha robot anime one . i'm now in school for aircraft maintenance . next best thing , right ? i'm 3/4 done my schooling for aircraft maintenance . ( bcit : happy :) although i'm not actually in the workforce yet ... the job is about carrying out repairs , overhauls , or inspections done in ... how i handled my life 3 years ago was definitely a wake up call on how much of a drag i was on for those i was leaning on . sometimes i feel like reverting back to the old shell i crawled out of 3 years ago , but then i always realize that the old me was a loser . are istps known for their responsibilities or is it just ... i was in the same exact shoes as yourself . i lost all my drive after high school after being pressured to go into post-secondary by my parents . i was also somewhat intimidated that i had 3 ... although i'm not in high school anymore , nor a female ; i've noticed a cutthroat trend amongst adolescent students that want to ' stand out ' . this is mainly fueled by social media . there really ... the way i see it , he's looking for signs that you're interested in him as well . in a way , he's mirroring the vibe you give off as to not offend you with kissing , cuddling , etc . so if you want to ... thanks for the solid advice haha , guess i needed a little pep talk to get me in the zone . : cool : yeah we see each other pretty often during our lunch break or before tests , but we're in different classes . i'm always eating with my classmates and she's eating with hers . i just don't know how ... this song perfectly describes how i feel about a girl i'm crushing on ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t7nM-IAH0oE i'm an istp if that helps . we're both in an aircraft maintenance program . i'm about 8 months into the program where as she just started the program 2 months ago . i can't really put into words ... this new group called grey supposedly consisting of singularity and an unknown newcomer under the guise ' getyoursnackon ' have been releasing top-quality remixes . these songs have been on repeat ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UalQIM8QMi8 although this song may be long and lack any intrinsic value to you , it has meaning for me . gone are the days when music was all about painting a journey , a vision , a story for the listener . i loved ... i've never had any pets . but whenever i encounter my friend's dog , or random dogs in the street they love to come up to me with a wagging tail and trying to play with me . i've always found that ... first of all , those are some very interesting and insightful answers ! i really appreciate it . your main point being the newer generation will be less inclined to learn the origins and the work ... i was going to say the same . but the thing is , these people come to us for help and aren't willing to learn or understand . i feel like my help is gone to waste . food for thought : what happens ... i'm a 90 ' s kid and yes i agree that we did have the luxury of being balanced with a connected and disconnected life . i still find myself fascinated with more hands-on tech than the actual software ... okay , maybe not all aspects of technology like hardware and coding . but i'm talking about those who are unwilling to adapt and learn . that's what pisses me off the most . the i'm too old for this ... i don't know what i'm doing on okcupid again . desperation ? curiosity ? maybe a bit of both ... i actually mustered up the courage to put 1 picture up there this time . albeit really reluctant the first ... yeah , according to my own mother i have a way of breaking bad news in the most abrasive way possible . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N9ss6tRnjhU 1 . i'm a lazy person . really lazy . 2 . i'm an amateur music producer . ( trance , dnb , hip-hop ) shameless plug : https://soundcloud.com/sparsic 3 . pretty ocd about things ... my itunes library , computer ... oooh , thanks i'm gunna read up on samsui women and indian culture now ! :) it's all about how much emphasis they put onto attaining a good socioeconomic status . if you're in a career that is regarded as a high-paying , respectable job then you'll be respected among the older ... '