' i personally see jesus as having been an infj . i think in modern interpretations of the time , we like to see him as a social butterfly . it wasn't his social skills though what drew people to him , it ... hello ! welcome to the website ! :) i love infps too . :P i found out that i've only ever dated infp's . :P enfj's , i hope all of you are doing well . i'm writing to you today because i would like to know how enfj's have handled choosing their careers , which ones they tend to learn towards ( what kind of ... hey guys , the date didn't happen right now . thanks for all the advice , i'll keep it in mind for the future . i'm saddened by the lack of enfj's in this thread . :P anyway , i'm going to contribute to that and say that i feel my natural partner is the infp . though , i could see life being very enjoyable ... i feel like as nf's , we tend to do just that . we tend to read into words and allow them to consume us emotionally . personally , to an istp , the words love and bff have very different meanings , ... thanks everyone for the help . the date is tomorrow , we'll see how it goes . i'll most definitely update you all . i really like this individual , i'm hoping it becomes reciprocated . i agree , simply proceed at this point and kind of go with the flow . i wouldn't even be against simply asking , though it make take some of the romance away from it all for the enfj . while i hate cats , the cuddling and cuteness of the photo is most definitely apparent . :P yeah , i've been told that i have this amazing way to grab a crowd and focus them . :P i most definitely delete everything for a fresh start . i have my own memories and recollections of the events . for me , getting over it means removing all reminders that aren't mental , and achieving ... thanks everyone for all your help . so far i've gathered some tips and i'm going to be : confident in myself . honest unforceful about conversations .. it's better to have no conversation than ... i personally would really like to know what people think ralph's personality is . enfj ? harry - isfj ron - esfp hermione - isfp dumbledore - infj voldermort - intj snape - intj malfoy - istj professor mcgonnogal ( sp ? ) - enfj hagrid - esfj luna - infp we've had conversations . we're going out on a date soon . i'm just worried about keeping his interest . i have never dated someone that wasn't an nf , i'm wondering if there's something i should do to ... what kind of things would i tell him i'm good at ? i feel like community service , teaching , and psychology aren't exactly intriguing to an intj . :/ they're very ... enfjish topics . though i try to talk ... hello intj board members , firstly , i would like to thank you all for reading my post . i'm slightly nervous about this post , so please bear with me . i think i'm really beginning to like this ... hey guys , so , i was organizing my computer today , choosing my wallpaper , and i was wondering if enfj's had certain tendencies to choose certain types of wallpaper . and even if not , i was still ... i don't see anything about the accompanying book , i could just be blind though . the book sounds great and i'll definitely add it to my wishlist . thanks so much ! chris thanks for this , i found some really interesting stuff . i'm going to attempt to see if i can't get my current job to fork over the money to get me certified so i can bring back what i gather to the ... well , to be honest , i'm hoping to get involved with criminalistics . i'm currently aiming towards a bachelors of science in criminal sciences with a depth focus in criminal theory , microbiology ... i've been thinking here lately about double-majoring at my university through their liberal arts program . through this program , i would be able to formulate my own depth study , eventually becoming my ... welcome to the forum . i'm also a gay enfj , and i definitely think that a lot of your issues come with the bullying . i suggest you go out and find your community . having people you can identify ... yep i am ! :P and thanks kali . damn , i'm left out . o_o what about the other token gay enfj ? * hint : me ! * :P i'm definitely seeing this happen with my immediate ex . :/ it's sad to see sometimes . while it's not a sad concept to have fun with some alcohol , he's becoming someone who he isn't , and he's ... i'm gay , i'm cuban ( but i look and speak like a complete whitey ) , i like to eat , i have a passion for nutrition and exercise , i love law and medicine , i'm a hopeless romantic , and i will save the ... the library ( or starbucks ) , with coffee and some headphones in ( with low playing classical music ) gets me into the productive zone . either that or adderall . :P my current job is moreso in the marketing area , and then i have another in the medical field . at this point i'm thinking law school and med school . and while doing the first one , i'll teach biology ... i hope you're ready with a relationship with an enfj . we're no joke when it comes to love . :P i can't speak for us as a whole , but for me , a relationship becomes who i am . not physically or ... welcome to the forum ! i'm an enfj , it's my job to bring you out of your shell . :P glad you're here ! i'm sorry you're feeling that way . my natural reaction to any infp that is feeling alone is to go to their aid , ( you all are my weakness ) but , my private message inbox is definitely open to you .  ... i'm not an infp , but i thought i'd throw it in here anyway since i'm always glancing through the infp section . :P my home would be modern , stylish , but at enough of a distance from society to be ... thanks for all the advice guys . i'm not sure about the whole being good at moving on thing , but , i'm working on piecing my life together again . the pain is intense , but i try not to talk about it ... i'm the community service outreach coordinator for my university . i give lectures and am in charge of outreach for community service events sponsored through the university . i'm still in school ... my ex fiance just got into another relationship . we broke up three months ago . we got back together three weeks ago . he left me a week after we got back together . and now he's with someone ... i'm wondering if anyone else is like this : before deciding on establishing a relationship with someone , i think about what it could be , if i could see myself with the individual , etc . i ... maybe i'm different , but , i'm not like that at all . it's been three months and i'm progressing at the pace of the dsl turtles on the comcast commercials . beer - bud light vodka - only if it's all that's around . i know , i'm a horrible gay guy . no fruity martini's for me . enfj april taurus does anyone know of where i might be able to buy some novelty items and whatnot that displays my type ? i've trying googling , although i'm not good at it . by novelty items i mean things like ... welcome to the forum ! infp's are amazing people . a few i know self-loathe a ton , however , to me they are the most amazing people out there . value yourselves , you guys are the heart of my life . i'm in class , posting on here when i shouldn't be . marry me <3 welcome ( and re-welcome ) andrew . i'm glad to call you by the name you feel most comfortable with . welcome to the forum ! i have no idea what's going on with me today . i'm normally pretty good about these sort of things . earlier i spelled shut as shit and now invest as incest . fml if i had the money , i would invest in another macbook , except the pro . right now i don't have the money for that though . i'm going to need to use my macbook as much as i can . i could buy an extra ... thanks . this along with the diet stuff that was mentioned earlier all seem like some good tools to help me get back on track . '