it could be pyroluria .. you know .. it is an ongoing tension inside of you . love is when other people think that your man is a garbage , idiot , and dumb , ugly , bad , mean in your eyes he is still your trophy well then , how we will show others our existence ? hi i just want to ask if other infjs have the guts to dominate or if no chance be submissive to others . in my case im always on the submissive side as if i have no chance to control myself or others darnit baby ! i want to show myself to others but cant . i want to show my talents . hahahaha . but too shy to do so . and im so afraid of getting rejected .. i dont know what to do . i feel incomplete , i dont feel emotionally connected and i always change every time and then . im tired being surrounded by these people who dominates me and handling my life ... why are we so kind individual ? i mean why do we always want to help ? i think its because we want to be notice . i want to feel that i belong in this world too . is that so wrong ? grrr . i would like to be alone than dealing with people who judge me easily . i enjoy being alone , like this surfing the net , being independent and not relying and bothering other people . hm . in my case i always feel like im inside the shell :( ( maybe they were just hurt for judging the child personality i always daydreaming about me . i am a singer in a concert and the crowds are clapping and enjoying their time listening to my voice . they look like they are really having fun :) ) ) rofl i always feel that i never did anything good . darn . dont worry guys ! im here for you :) ) ) darn . its the same with me . people dont really listen ! hate it ! around people ? you mean when we are not around of people we can be free ? or we dont let ourselves to get out of this box im feeling . we cant be who really are because of people judging us . hey everyone ! have you felt that you are inside the box and hiding ? i mean im there and im around people but why i feel so invisible as if no one really see me . mine is : perlasjean i cry when people keeps saying i did not good enough where as i did give my best . and when they blame me on their own mistakes :( hahaha ! you are happy ? lol well i'd love to join a nude party ! wooohhh ! hahaha ! you are happy ? lol well i'd love to join a nude party ! wooohhh ! hahahaha ! maybe i could try living in beaches :) ) lol when i do task im really afraid that i might do something stupid . i felt embarassed when i do it uncorrectly and my body is just shaking . have you ever felt this way ? or it just happen this past few ... hm . well i think im a good person enough . and i choose choices between what is right or wrong . of course i follow the right things . hehehe . i feel the same way . i dont talk to people i know well . i find them boring or even senseless to talk to . i want to be alone and do what keeps me happy . people will just leave , i think they ... hm . yeah . i think i change a lot . i dont know its just im being so nice and giving to people whom i really care , yet they dont know how to appreciate me . i think you should leave the house . hehehe . you dont need your family if they dont understand you or even listen to you . there are thousands of people and you are not alone . just get a life you know ... you infps are always self pitying . yehey ! you agree with me ! yes its nudity but not trying to seduce them . yeah i think they should not look . what ? you think its hot ? my parents are telling me to put on clothes . but i really dislike it ! do you think its okay to walk around the house nude ? hi everyone ! do you wear clothes ? me , i dont like wearing clothes i feel uncomfortable with clothes that i wear even if they look good on me . i just hate wearing clothes . and i dont wear clothes when ... woah estps vulnerable ? really ? you guys have a good body which i really admire . maybe you are strong outside but vulnerable inside are you 594 ? hehehe . im 459 . glad to meet you :) ) have you ever experience that people laugh at us so / sx's ? uh . i hate it ! im walking doing my own thing and the people around are smiling and laughing . yeah we should all be put to a fucking death i guess i find myself talking differently . i mean how i pronounce them . why ? do you hate us that much ? im so / sx . how do you guys see us ? are we acting different ? a fucking senseless person . i do the same thing . im an escapist ! and i really dont want to be on the spotlight . what a face ! lol of course not ! you're enneagram type 2 . i really have a huge attraction with enneagram 2 people :D you said you're a type 2 right ? well i've seen some 2s really afraid of people and as i observe them they really are very very awkward . sx / so so / sx sx / sp sp / sx sp / so so / sp and what stacking do you love and hate the most ? hi fellow isfps . do you find yourself lately difficult to deal with the crowd ? : confused : i really love you guys when it comes to clothing ! :d hahahaha ! the main purpose why people live is to find god and have faith in him we are disappearing and we are not the crowds favorite anymoree :( . hahaha ! well yeah you're right . i live in the philippines . our country is just copying the culture style of korea . isfps here are becoming more rare . hahaha ! well yeah you're right . i live in the philippines . our country is just copying the culture style of korea . isfps here are becoming more rare .