' don't try to memorize the material . try to understand it . memorization will only work on certain types of problems and will only get you so far . on the other hand , if you can understand what's going ... if you want to go into academia , you should at the very least tolerate teaching , writing proposals , and occasionally presenting at conferences . also , the stereotype of the absentminded professor is ... depends on what you mean by superior . i think both are good in terms of job placement . what will really help is if you get an internship . depends on the university . i'm guessing both ... engineering is a good bet . the pay for college graduates is relatively good , and it's pretty easy to find a job from what i've heard . something like mechanical engineering or civil engineering is a ... i agree that you shouldn't let your family dictate your career . if you love a particular career path , go for it . also , don't be scared to move if you get the chance . i've moved a couple of times for ... take a bunch of introductory classes and find out which subject you're most interested in . college is different from high school , so you may actually end up liking the classes you hated and hating ... if you're going to switch , do it early . there's nothing worse than finishing your junior year and realizing that your major is wrong for you . i've had friends go through that experience , and it's not ... i like math / science / engineering , but i like literature as well . out of the 200 + books i own , the vast majority are fiction / poetry . so i can easily see how an intp would prefer literature , history , ... data from star trek : the next generation with a bit of walter white sprinkled in . ok , that's probably wishful thinking . maybe a more accurate answer is malcolm from malcolm in the middle . trust me , i know the feeling . i read mostly general fiction , so that's what i would write . some of the contemporary writers i like include cormac mccarthy , ian mcewan , and haruki murakami . so i ... welcome ! what sort of writing do you do ? i've always wanted to be a novelist . maybe one day ... iq tests are meaningless for several reasons . they don't measure creativity and tend to favor people in stem fields because they primarily test pattern recognition . also , if you get the right answer ... you need to ask yourself whether paying for another degree is a good idea . student debt is a bitch . my advice is to find whatever job you can at the moment and then transition to another position at ... a love poem words can't describe how much you mean to me , so i'm ending this poem right here . so basically , an introvert is like a cat . i took a few upper level english classes as well . the most upper level class i took was the one with the short quizzes . outside of reading , there was no actual homework we had to turn in . i also ... i wasn't an english major , but i took enough english classes to know how it works . for english and a lot of the humanities , you have a lot of reading . for some classes , we had class discussions , and ... pshaw . everyone knows that single malt scotch is the best . like a friends with benefits type of thing . one night stands = no . casual sex = sign me up . is there a used book store around where you live ? that's where i do most of my book shopping . you can get amazing deals there , and you can find some real gems that you won't find anywhere else . i second catch - 22 and brave new world . while i'm at it , i'll recommend nineteen eighty-four as well . if you want comedy , pick up anything by flann o'brien . white light is a mixture of mostly visible light . so if white light exists , so does blue light , red light , yellow light , etc . all objects emit light because all objects have a temperature . the ... anything having to do with physics , math , philosophy ( especially philosophy of science ) , and literature . bookstore for sure . i could spend hours in a bookstore . my field is thermal / fluids , but my work is more thermodynamics / heat transfer . i rarely use fluid mechanics ( i still had to study it , though ) . in engineering , a lot of the fluids research that's being ... it depends . some engineers professors do more theoretical stuff . i'm an engineering student , and my research is all theoretical . also , one benefit of being a professor is that you can focus on the ... it's not that bad . i just learned today that a well-known campus in the northeast is going to be recruiting a lot of engineering professors over the next two years . so it depends on the field . i hear ... have you thought about getting a phd ? that's really the only practical solution i can think of , and you would be able to work on more theoretical stuff by yourself ( depending on funding and assuming ... i play basketball , though it's not competitive . i just play for fun . i've taken up running recently as well . i think getting some sort of physical exercise is good . even going for a walk can do ... thanks for the welcome , everyone . mechanical engineering . hi all , i've been lurking for some time now and decided to join . this seems like a great community , and i look forward to participating and getting to know some of you . i'll keep this short since ... '