a curse , aye ? awww , the good old bargaining with your alarm clock trick ... do you , guys , feel like these thoughts are plaguing your mind only because you have to sleep or ... is it like ... do you guys tend to suffer from sleeping problems ? what are your thoughts prior to sleeping ? does your mind wander to different problem ? do you have an issue ' shutting down ' your mind ? do you tend ... dunno ... it did happen to me a couple of times . and when it did , i had no idea what was going on . and it was sad , because they were people whom , i was kind to because i wanted to be helpful , never ... yes , devil's advocate is fitting . my friends got really frustrated with me , when i defended various points one day and their polar opposites the other . i didn't do it to annoy either ... i sort of ... the staring is not the problem . the problem is when others notice that i stare . the usual ' what are you looking at ? ' and ' stop looking ! i can't stand your eyes on me ' following are not nice . but i ... the princess bride by william goldman . you have a hard time , aye ? i don't find it myself too easy . in my encounters i always end up as a sort of reflector of how others feel . and ultimately , it is very tiring . it takes alot of patience ... just don't overdo it . imagine people starting to criticize you to please you , lol . yeah , yeah . reminds me of my gran's advice : don't speak up and never say your opinion . don't get noticed ... i do not think that is exactly true . people may not forget , but they may shift how the thing that happened to them shape their lives . that is healing . wounds don't disappear , of course they cannot be ... people define good with bad , because that is how we rationalize it . doesn't necessarily mean it should be thus defined . there is lots of points in fantasizing , because that can be the craddle of ... impassioned message ? maybe there is a serious fault in communication . maybe they misunderstood you . that is the cause of many many problems between people . however , if it is so , i find it best that ... hm ... that is terrible , this means you practically didn't even have a proper closure . i don't mean to be forward , but have you thought about finding them and confronting them ? as i understand they ... only the thought makes you itch with allergy , aye ? have you thought about apologizing ? or clearing things up ? i am sorry for your losses . can i ask if they stopped talking to you after a particular fight , or they got more colder gradually , before parting ways ? also , i understand now that this is a ... i think the best way would be to hang around people with developped ni ? interpersonal skills are best learned through mocking and assimilation , i think . so try to find people that seem genuinely ... with the cave allegory thingy ... well , you have to take into account that people's souls are full of fear . exiting your comfort zone to explore something that is new to you is not exactly easy , even ... i think i actually find that intriguing . at least when you show that you do care , i don't know ... it seems less phony . albeit can be percieved as unbelievable . besides i think it is fine , it can be ... * coughs incredibly loud * should i take that seriously ? i mean i gather that it's true that you may not connect with anyone / everyone . but come ooon , you guys can charm your way through the most ... oh but i agree . if things were perfect i'd have no work to do . but fantasy is just that , aye ? i deeply envy you for your intuitive gran . do they succeed in standing up to the ... ahem ' master ' at his own game ? i used to be awfully suspicious about that . especially as altruism not being one of you guys ' priorities . but then again i am awfully suspicious about anything that breathes ... and nowadays , somehow ... about a potential unideal world . ^ _ ^ so it's all about equal exchange ... i feared as much , hah . i kid i kid ... aye . i noticed that entps have a knack for making people uncomfortable and pushing just the right buttons . so this is were ... oh , i see why it's important to be inspired by nf . though being an nf is no guarantee that ones interpersonal skills are apt , or inspireable for that . but i find that nts can be inspiring to me as ... that seems fair . on a bigger level , i believe this is how most people come to get attached to certain things . i think ' feeling fake ' should be disconsidered for some people , as it tends to sound to ... heaven help you yo not have a crush on someone who has bieber fever ... hm ... doesn't that make you feel regretful afterwards ? i don't mean the part of trying to please and woo the other person , but the part about morphing into someone else . then again you are talking ... thank you for your input . i am deeply sorry for your friend . what is wrong with being you ? i believe thinkers are very much likeable . why do you think nfs are ' seriously likeable ' ? i ... weeell thanks for letting me drain you with my question . i will keep in mind what you said . won't . ask.irrelevant.question . do you like icecream ? that made me laugh really hard . it is good to know . thanks ! ^ _ ^ do you hold in high regards people you are asking advice from ? are you very selective about those ? do you usually seek advice from firends , or someone you percieve as a higher authority in the ... apparently i am a masochist . enjoy me while i last . yes , yes lots of questioning involved . however , doesn't that appeal in the least to your narcisstic side ? hm , yes this was what i was afraid of . being percieved as a judge of the soul . thank you for your insight , it pointed out things that i have been willingy neglecting . kudos for emotional manipulation . in an ideal world people would have the willingness to be genuinely kind and willing to solve problems cooperating in harmony . also , as a rule , icecream would be freely distributed . tell me about ... i am sure many people would appreciate your talents . sadly , norm life is just that a big bs . how wonderful would be a life without being forced to change your inner nature . just one , really , but that lightbulb must deserve change . i do inadvertedly change to please others , not so much for a need to be accepted or loved , but for a need to not be in the spotlight . i do not really care about people who have a problem with me or ... schmucks , i cannot believe i am here again ... and researching the infj-entp dynamic at that ... anyhow , i have this question : how do you entps feel about being on ' therapy ' with an infj ? infj tend ... oh , i agree that an emotional involvement furthers your role as a helper . of course you cannot be apt in helping people without a fair share of empathy , which will enable you to understand things on ... i think the key to your dilemma is in the fact that this place , discussing about emotiona among other things , naturally has as a conclusion people opening up . as well as you have to keep in mind that ... does it matter ... i do not know ... that is what i am trying to figure out ... i know in certain situation people are feeling comfortable with me on an advanced level , but sometimes i fell like my ... awww , you little scrooge . do you really think it is manipulation ? this leaves no room for genuine emotional interaction in my opinion . perhaps having to deal with the emotional side of things tends ... i don't know ... like the fact that we have firm beliefs of right and wrong ? or that in many cases we can be stubborn and uptight if we deal with something we morally care about ... that is the main ... i doubt it would occur to anyone else to do it ... usually i have no interest in distinguishing between counselling and befriending someone . the lines are very clear . when i listen to someone i don't care about emotional attachment , as my only goal ... lol , what kind of delusions ? what you talking about , good sir ? now , excuse me i have to go and feed my unicorns now . i cannot argue with that point , people do let themselves to be jerked around alot , but then again everyone is just trying to live and cope as best as they can . of course that fighting for my ...