so what if you do both ? look up information on toasters to understand it , while taking apart the toaster and comparing and testing out the information you searched up on toasters ? i don't get it ... you should do what's best rather than what's different . of course , walking another path to reach the same destination in a shorter amount of time is best ! fear makes people lose reason . and fear also drives people mad . why would you keep a social schedule haha . if you feel like going out , do so . if you don't , don't . replying to texts only take a few seconds . if i have missed calls , i text the person first to see if ... well , it's true that there aren't many career paths if you choose to take psychology ... but seriously , just google the kinds of careers a person with a major in psychology can go down , and out of ... your mu's a feeler , so while logic does work when she's calm , if she gets some unhappy emotions she would probably spiral out of control for a bit . it's likely she feels that you don't understand her ... i love sports . i've also always been pretty athletic too - i think it's because both my fathers and older brother had athletic genes , so i naturally excelled at sports . and when you're good at ... i trained myself to do that whenever i talk to people . it's respectful to do it . if i don't do it the person in front will start having all these misconceptions and dislike with me , and i think ... i was once alienated and empty too . it's hard to describe the experience , so you'll have to experience it yourself . but i will say this : if you're alienated and empty , that probably means you're ... life never goes the way we want it to . all we have is a blind faith that as long as we try out best , eventually , everything will work out for the best ! and we must always have the courage to face the ... hmmm i don't know if what i'm saying is true , but i personally believe that to get over someone , you need to become good friends with them once again , while making sure it doesn't move into love ... analysis , however in-depth , don't fully reflect the real world . you may not even know how much you really enjoy doing something unless you've tried it . you psycho ... : p just joking around . yea , it's cool . i think it's called a bitter laugh or something along those lines . * salivating * japanese food is perfect for bad moments . btw , exercise and chocolates makes people more happy too ... something about it making you release endorphins . but i guess that's common knowledge . hahah it's fine to be like that when you first get to do something you've never done before . just calm down a bit and it'll be fine . if it's a problem with attention seeking , you'll have to learn to ... just make sure you have enough practice before you take the test and it shouldn't be that hard . on the test date be relaxed but attentive to your surroundings , and you should pass . nervousness may ... really surprised that i got 32/36 . i looked at the muscles around the eyes , and also angle of the face to determine the emotion . somehow i did well , even though i grew up in an asian location . you need a goal , a motivation . what kind of person do you want to become ? do your best to become that person , and don't be scared of failing , because the process of going through things will teach ... or maybe art is allowing you to express your subconscious emotions . what are other people's impression of you ? for example , if you do really well in school , and have decent looks , other girls might be rather jealous . or maybe you give the impression that you want ... well , when i'm really busy and for some reason someone keeps coming up to me and asking for attention for a specific reason . lie on your bed and fantasize . maybe drink something along with it , and take a nap haha well , one of the most effective ways is to speak out your thoughts . for example , if the question is : do you think this law should be approved ? you would reply right away not by saying yes or no , or ... oh , so you're saying the capital conquered everything except one university ? hmmm however impossible the case , i'd say store the knowledge somewhere that cannot be accessed by the capital . ie , get ... well , i'm pretty sure there would be discontentment with how such a regime only leaves one university open and close so many universities around the world . no system is foolproof , especially as time ... i can imagine it . walking out the door , * turns * , ' oh by the way ... ' , * quick about turn * , * runs away * blogs on topics i find interesting a great - that means i don't have to waste time searching for the new updates if someone amasses all the updates on various similar topics in one single blog . ... yea ... the reason i did it was because i figured i would rather be free and did not want to always feel like i'm being controlled . of course , back then , i always felt like an faker in church and i ... assassination is something that shouldn't be too difficult . a bullet to the head and that'd be it for the key members of this capital you speak of . i'm sure someone inside the capital will be against ... oh gosh haha . i'm agnostic , and my parents are religious . i told them i wasn't interested in church during my teen years and chaos ensued for a bit ! hmmm ... i don't really need validation from someone else ... i mean , for things like habits , sleeping late is obviously not good because the liver recovers during 12am to 2am ( correct me if i'm ... don't let things pile up too much ... it's a bad habit of ours i think darkmuffin is a bit comedic though ... darkrain more like chaos and sadness haha [ / size ] 74972 ... i don't think an intp needs an intp role model , and i wouldn't want one . the reason is that the similarities would not cause my view of the world , or my personality and understanding of others to ... same opinion here . [ / size ] [ / size ] [ / size ] [ / size ] [ / size ] [ / size ] [ / size ] [ / size ] lol ! i'm having a similar problem , but i'm planning to be a lot more outgoing next year . joining a few clubs and working together with others might be a good chance to make friends . also , don't be scared ... i plan everything out , but i always revise the plans ( because i hardly follow them ) . however , when i am under a lot of pressure and know i need to do it or i'll fail , then i'll be able to execute ... i confirmed my personality by thinking how i was a few years back . for a while i thought i was intj , but then i realized both my older brother and mother was a j , so they tended to be very organized ... life ! absolutely made up . how can you love someone if you don't even know their personality ? it's funny that some of you guys find it annoying . it happens all the time with me , and i actually love the experience , because it makes me learn from my mistakes , and not repeat them again . it can ... have faith in others . sure , out of 5 people , 3 or 4 might not like what you say , but that 1 person is worth the risk ! it is that one person's opinion that matters the most ! a realization triggered by something i guess ... something that you learn of , which causes an idea to pop into your head based on that something . reality is different for every single person , because how every single perceives the world is slightly different however similar they are . truth are the undeniable facts , not interpreted by ... living a dream i loove jap food . raw salmon + soy sauce and wasabi = heaven baked salmon head + lemon juice = heaven i don't like fishing for salmon though - i'd rather buy it : d i think intps are entirely capable of thinking out strategic plans - just that they can't properly carry them out . these plans can sometimes be too unrealistic though , so intps probably have some ... she's not selfish . she's full of herself . she probably believes that she is the best at singing , and so she should sing the most etc . to her , your opinions may not matter much , because she believes ...