' every time a guy reminds me why i dont even try . granted this one was far fetched . two kids , 8 years older . we had awesome chemistry . should've stopped at work bae . its funny ... guys love calling you ... things have progressed with the enfp i have been seeing and very interested in ... its weird . now i feel like someone is in my space . after hanging out with him for one day i definitely feel more ... i tried the same thing for a while . got boring . dont kill yourself though ; i hope you fail . :p roud : when i replied , seeing how it goes sounds dangerous just because of wasted time / feelings . that sounds dangerous too , lol . please speak up and tell her that its concerning you . dont let jealousy destroy what's not there . p . s . fuck snapchat lol i masturbate with rose quartz whys there so much to say about women but less about men ? i fall in love with unavailable hearts for fun in order to shield myself from being lassoed by penetrating strings that disorient my seams . it'll never work out between us ; i dont think . pretty ... everyone told me i was mean . i use to pinch people . i cried alot , very active . naughty ... lol impala 39 they're extroverted feeling and lead with their feelings ... we're not as strong and tend to think about why we have those feelings or if they're appropriate to allow to flourish . my sister is an enfj she speeds up relationships as well . seems serious . are you ready ? if not you should express your apprehension i just came to accept that my bestfriend and i are growing apart . ive realized this long ago , but it took me a while to accept this . now i dont care which feels good . tired of trying with people who ... getting thristier as i age . all i see are cute faces :/ my crush : wish me luck me : you're welcome lol fml . so . i'm not sure exactly what defines success . ive been hating the fact that people ask about my art show and they ask if i sold anything ... lol no . this is my 4th show and i havent sold anything . im ... thank you phil ! : cheers 2 : : yeah : thanks i needed that this week has been very busy . i've been preparing for move in and showcasing for an art show and my birthday is tomorrow . my enfj sister keeps asking me what's wrong . don't even feel like talking ... yes i am the last one to turn in my exam ( usually get the one of the highest : cool :) you hit the nail on the head . i definitely have to feel like im going to do xyz before i actually want to . its ... at least 1/3 of the pictures on my phone are quotes sounds fun-ish . being with family tends to be fulfilling . what religion do you practice , if you dont mind me asking ? something special ? update : : rolleyes :: unsure : my imagination is always better than reality . where i always get warped in with guys is talking to them more than an hour so now i know for sure that i can't do that ... only if you say i love radiohead three times haha . wow sir and you call yourself a fan in the office . thinking about office bae ... ugh * rolls eyes * why did i do this . we spent maybe 3 hours on the phone . just talking .. wish yall could see my face as i type this . blushing but ... is there such thing as too much empathy in your opinion ? love this thanks for sharing . alot of my art ideas kind of touch on this . i look at creativity and death as one because usually following death something is manifested . death of masses inspire art to ... i knew it . ugh i miss listening to this high as hell trying to figure out my feelings . feels like home sounds like a song ... what is perfect in your eyes ? i remember him having heart problems before ... or was that the undertaker ? who passed ? edit : wtf no rick . there isnt a day that goes by that i randomly scream rick flair wooo . steve irwin also lingers in my brain from time to time . the guy i work in the office with is very cute ... we went out the other night with another coworker and we had drinks . we exchanged numbers but i thought we woudn't communicate . he immediately texted ... hate watching the news . i feel awful . so i took a nap & hs still hasn't responded . thought the nap would've made me feel better .. but no . https://instagram.com/p/BXohOFUFn74/ so yet again the esfp has let me down . atleast when i can't meet up i tell him in advance but yet he's not courteous enough to say i can't make it . we've literally been doing this dance for more than ... have you looked into your stacking functionality what are you thinking about , whats making you feel powerless ? hello , my name is dramatic , & i confess without a text message back i will imagine all of the things that you may or may or not be doing . i can't help my neediness . i wont even verbalize my ... facing disappointment at the moment . it always starts with high of curiosity then just disperse itself into nothingness . feel like i'm always wasting my time but im accepting that its apart of the ... i feel you , welcome back lol . yes if you consider the things i pointed out . if you compare the two america is a very capitalistic centered country . america focuses more on wealth and image and comparison to places such as africa ... there's alot of factors to consider when looking at this map for instance , the current economic state of each country ( their yearly consumption , exports , imports ) their lifestyle ( their ... feeling disappointed and hopeless . so therefor i'm going to distract myself and do something constructive which will be productive anger and determination . yeah im completely over all of the guys ive been talking to . * shuffles deck of cards * i'm kinda of sad but w / e . i told the entj two days ago that i was uninterested especially after he said that he ... @ me though :) haha okay same , sometimes i use that method . but for the most part i like to be taken seriously . your way is less hostile , i will admit . thanks , ill try to implement that in my next group project .  ... ... im very jealous , lol . ugh memories ... humor can be a motivator but i find it annoying to implement that as a strategy to motivate people . annoying because youd have to choose between being cool or being stern . in order to get things done ... '