' i understood it , you just said it vaguely . animals are delicious . why would i not eat them ? you can't put depression into criteria like that :P it's not a mental illness . if you have it you know you do , and it's unique from person to person . yes , and i appreciate that . most other people on here think they have me figured out when they haven't the slightest clue who i am . i appreciate your positive attitude :P yes , and i appreciate that . most other people on here think they have me figured out when they haven't the slightest clue who i am . i appreciate your positive attitude :P what do you mean by that ? you sir have it wrong :P omg wtf bro no , but if that same person was going through intense physical pain i would . eigenlicht get your efficiency out of here ! this is my username i don't like the texture of the organs so ... velasquez neither do i unfortunately :/ logics of worlds i've always had a taste or the pineal gland personally , theatrical as i am it's like eating their soul . this is my username i am most certainly picky ! i wont eat the liver or any nasty organs , muscles are delicious though . omg wtf bro the only empathy i feel is for others in physical or emotional pain , though it's not because i care about them . word dispenser the insanity and trypophobia are self diagnosed yes , i am fairly convinced on the both of them though :P logics of worlds it takes a certain level of awareness / complacency to be depressed as a sociopath . then again it does all depend on the person , not all are alike . miki 83 sometimes if i look at my skin closely i do , or notice all the little lines and holes . i try to just ignore it though . pessimisterious i enjoy having a large vocabulary , i apologize if it seems like i'm a tryhard :P i also enjoy slapping labels on things soo .. hello , i am taking a poll to find out how many other intp's are like me . i'm going to list all of my issues that i can think of and just vomit out information about me . i have misophonia , ... this is true , but the typical ion thruster won't supply nearly enough thrust . i see your point though . what is the most feasible type of energy that can be used to achieve lightspeed ? i know chemical is out of the question , as is potential and kinetic of course , and unfortunately elastic as well :/ ... ew ! never ! i wouldn't dare involve myself with the likes of them : cool : edit : oh wait i have to , they're my relationship match . _ . my plan was originally to become the president , then use the military to force congress to pass a bill which gave me ultimate control . that has to many possibilities to go wrong though , so i agree ... who needs powers when you have flying robots with lasers ? inevitably the power of the world will be thrown around until the end of time , so as one will rise to power eventually they will fall . in all seriousness the trick to controlling the world is to ... i love olde irish's avatar :P or umm , build lots of nukes . i'll start buying smoke detectors ! numbersix that's crazy o_o in my opinion intp's would be great at taking over the world , at least for the planning part . we are brilliant ! hours of every day are spent running scenarios and thinking , we are inherently good ... what is your guys ' method of reading other peoples minds ? i still have unanswered questions . do you guys ever consider cheating in a relationship ? how do you feel about the military ? what are some of your occupational interests ? do you prefer cats or dogs ? ... presisely . lollicat that's what i was fearing . ah well , i learned a lot and despite the fact that i screwed up i have no regrets . it taught me not to screw up with the people i care about most . she will always ... yup ! leave ! turn in your uniform and your sheriffs badge . msbossypants , you're a bitch . i also need to test something , this may be offensive . thank you rhe , a straightforward answer is appreciated ! oh i forgot to mention the other intp's decided that it would be best to steal your guys ' ideas and take over the world ourselves ! plot = twisted hello ! would any of you be willing to share your plans for world domination with me ? i asked other intp's and we only got as far as to decide that every chalkboard purchase should include chalk and ... absentminded it's .. it's brilliant ! to the intj forums ! tom soy sauce lmao sounds like a good days work ! mr canis ! i do believe i've seen you before . i believe in god . i'm not a legalist of a christian though , i still curse and live how i please for the most part . my logical argument is that our universe spans millions of lightyears , it is ... hello fellow intps ! i have a question to ask of you . if you were to take over the world , how would you do it ? knight 93 i did . as more than a friend . she showed me what love is , a sociopath intp and i can't thank her enough for that :) she got through my shallow asshole of a person and woke me up to what ... i've noticed entj's can be quite sarcastic .. hmmm . mean too :/ . not very thorough or straightforward either , the best post i've gotten so far is from aphinion , thank's aphinion . wiarumas haha , someone who's attentive :P no i'm not looking for a date on personality cafe xd lorddarthmoominkirby i know it was for me . quite the wake up call to what the world is and what it can feel like . love ? it's hard for me to come to love , but once i'm there i'm there . i feel it quite strongly . it isn't anything like the other emotions i feel , and i don't feel it for family or friends , only my ... knight 93 yes , idk , i'll write her a really mushy letter and turn on my feelings for it and be very honest and not pushy , like yah i fucked up , yah i'm sorry , and if we become friends again it won't ... thank you curiously ! i'll write her a letter , possibly even a poem . she's always liked expression through heartfelt words . i've been so happy being her friend , but she wasn't very happy being mine ... hello ! i'm looking to learn things about entj's . i have some questions to ask and would be very appreciative if you would be so kind as to answer them :P these questions are going to be focused ... oh dear , i'm a 10/11 xd i manipulate but not out of an expressed need i guess ? like i don't say hey i want that let's manipulate him for it i say hey i want that and then end up manipulating him ... '