' ( please excuse if it's rough around the edges , it just came out of me and i wrote it this last hour ) when i look out in the world to find someone i'd like to be with , of course there's little ... for me ne is very funny and fun . someone will be talking to me and something happens , let's just say theres a rock on the floor , i kick it and then jump to the rolling stones , and then start ... first off for anyone that reads his original post , though it may sound preachy it isn't his intentions and he is just sharing his experiences . keep in mind op , when you follow faith and a higher ... i meant peter pan as an example not as a reflection of maturity , that my life seems glamorous to everyone and those around me , and i do enjoy it and love it , it's my passion , but to never be able to ... to explain further recently i have gone through traumatic incidents but was able to stay strong and take the steps necessary to heal everyone and remedy it , there's still a greater and much harder ... she won't see a therapist , and i've talked to her about this many times . she says she wants my father back that won't give it a chance ( i've talked to him asking to give a chance and says he doesn't ... i came out just in time my mom was hanging herself and dangling , i was able to lift her up and get her down this happened last night , and i am so terrified and no one will help . my father just keeps ... at first i was so conflicted to do so i just have never felt so weak before . if this makes any sense if i feel i'm not strong enough for myself i can not be strong enough for anyone else , if i can't ... [ quote = yippy ; 107449 ] now i am going to be very direct and perhaps a bit blunt . stop this . you are destroying yourself . essentially you are being too strong for your own good and in the long run this ... right now i'm having a hard time i'm always the one to be able to stay strong , never complain , and ever need help . i've become a very emotionally independent person over my life and this is the 2nd ... so here are just a few example was curious if anyone else has this problem . lately it has been happening more and more and there is two types i have and just wonder if anyone can relate to them ... so me and this girl just reconnected again . we've known eachother for a really long time . we keep falling out of eachothers lives then reconnecting . we always have fun , i get all tied up and can't ... measureyour score relationship avoidance : 75.5 relationship anxiety : 72.5 attachment style : fearful and shy at this stage of your development in romantic relationships , you tend to be ... 95 % of the time i just let it go and accept what happens never really cared about school didn't see it that important but if i was in your position and needed to control it ( good chances i'd just let ... wouldn't want to be any other way i love me and all who i am ups and downs , must suck needing a reason for everything and being all normal . 😉 😂 also remember that's my point of view on it , doesn't ... that right there is your problem , she is thinking a relationship is what you're after because of that . we build relationships off of people we connect with , the above post is a classic move i do ... no , through my pain and suffering is when i appreciate the happiness . it's when i learn , it's a feeling i embrace and love depression is something i need to be happy . i also think i could never ... for me it's the following . shallow ( what i find pretty on first sight ) - blonde - green / blue eyes - slim ( not skinny , but not big , bigger girls give me the impression they just don't care ... benny and joon blow big fish eternal sunshine for the spotless mind a knights tale legends of the fall meet joe black troy se7en now same thing if you guys don't mind , i gave it a bit before responding , keep in mind i'm not trying to cross any boundaries and i'm being sincere in the questions i'm about to ask . if you don't ... i love it , and yes sort of i mostly wanted to see how other people explained their days and what they highlighted if they were positive or negative things , if they realized that they were making ... now if you guys don't mind , i gave it a bit before responding , keep in mind i'm not trying to cross any boundaries and i'm being sincere in the questions i'm about to ask . if you don't want to answer ... awesome to see other people's point of views , we are the same yet because of fi we are so different i love it . thanks for that bit of more info . don't worry you have stances , i think because you're extroverted you just adapt a little and don't get all jumpy about it . and don't worry about being aimless , life is an open sea and goals are ... so i am doing something and bear with me as i want to try something out . so my day began early , i had a stressful call from my boss saying that i am now promoted as the last person had quit , ... i guess what i take from this the most is the whole friendship / companionship thing . i would love to have more connections with people , i feel alone a lot of the time which is okay but sometimes it ... i welcome it , but never really initiate it . if it happens i'll be happy and accept it , but i'm not looking for it . change is something that is always happening for me without noticing it and i'm ... hope the answers above helped if you got anymore questions don't hesitate if i can some how help , i'd love to . well i think everyone's fi works differently , because of what they hold dear to them . me personally i don't show emotion , i may show the occasional smile or laugh but that is the extent of it . i ... apathy is when you have finally get what you wanted . loneliness . thankfully i've been blessed with persevearance and the strength to fight my demons . i'm sorry for your circumstances , could never begin to understand your struggle , but i am ecstatic that you're ... i'm sorry for that , i live in the real world to nothing but people stabbing each other in the back to get ahead of one another . i must admit , i admire you for being able to be open to a therapist ... you're an infp , you most of all should know that it is impossible to truly understand a person . you can understand enough to get an outline of everyone ( even those more guarded ) but you will never ... pulling from what i just posted over on a different thread , hope you guys love them as much as i love them . such a beautiful song if i may be so bold could i just say something come and make me my day the clouds around your soul don't gather there for nothing but i can chase them all away why ... that right there , all of that . and be prepared if you have an ounce of sympathy . i've gone through a relationship where i was consistently being texted she wanted to be with me but i never asked ... 100 % fully agree , the internet has been turned into what the real world used to be , people being open , talking to each other , interested in each other , because on the internet you can find a place ... oh man i admire your friends , i couldn't further pursue school , just couldn't do it . feels useless paying a lot of money for a useless class i'll never need . that's why i just took an internship and ... guess might be me looking for the best in people , maybe i'm just to close minded . i don't think i've ever not had a goal to strive for , or something about myself i can make better . i guess that is ... oh jeeze guilty i'll try my best to explain what happens to me . we are all talking in a group ( except me usually just listening and chiming in every once in a while ) someone says oh my ... i can 100 % relate to this without a doubt , a lot of my anguish was from actually believing the best in people instead of just seeing the possibility and their potential , leading to me hurting myself ... when i have an upcoming major event i definitely rethink of any and everything relating to it that has happened to me in the past . i think it's the best way to learn how to deal with situations ... just really depends on the type of failure . if me barely passing classes is considered a failure to others , it's an achievement for me . i am not great at school and don't see it's use after 5-6 th ... so i always had these grand dreams , i still do in fact but i look at it in a different light i guess ? i used to be optimistic all the time i still see the best in people but i have a different way to ... i am the one who : has 20 ( unrelated ) tabs open on my internet and will go through a quarter of the article of whatever till i look up and see another tab's title then get lost into why i had that ... man thankfully i never really got caught up in my goals and achievements . of course i have goals it's just i figure i'll get there just give me a minute as i go run off 3 miles in the furthest ... how i could see myself doing it if i was to ever trust someone enough to divulge would be to bring up surface hints about it , if they seem intrigued and want to know more i'll dip in another toe very ... i just started and deleted how i started like 6 times so i'm just going to go right into it . first and foremost for my happy future is to get married . to someone who i can truly feel i trust a ... it's hard to take everything on your own i know i've done it all my life and will never change in that fact , you will figure it out and get past it . you always have before , i know it is hard when you ... i usually don't trust anyone with my worries because of so heavy they are on me i couldn't imagine placing it on my friend , not only for fear of it being told to others , or scaring them away , or ... '