' he ain't slender , but he always gets his man . she ain't a man , but she sure as hell is slender . john goodman plays adam slender , a renegade cop who doesn't play by the rules , with joely richardson ... i don't subcribe to any organised or codified spiritual doctrine and i don't believe in the supernatural , which is usually what people mean when they talk about religion . whether or not i am ... nonsense , but terrifying nonsense . :P like alien visitors , i read about it , scoff and dismiss it as a load of rubbish , but i'm still looking over my shoulder nervously for an hour or so afterwards . :P i love animals . better than people . i get on naturally well with most animals , particularly dogs . particularly big dogs , or any big animal . a lot of animals seem quick to trust me . small animals , i ... : i think there's a case to be made that the pharmaceutical industry is guilty of inventing epidemics - not on purpose , i think , but they've exploited a situation . but i think there's a ... unusual : i've been on a few things . without wanting to sound like a spokesperson of the pharmaceutical industry , i think it's a matter of finding the drug that works for you . that's easy if ... that's not what i'm getting at at all . just that different purposes require different approaches . i wouldn't dare make an appeal to my own authority ; i'm only a student . i think i would go pretty much everywhere . if i could go forward , i'd go far enough that i could be made immortal , then go back very , very far and just live through it all . and then go back again to ... the song monkey & bear by joanna newsom . deep in the night shone a weak and miserly light , where the monkey shouldered his lamp . someone had told him the bear'd been wandering a fair piece ... i appreciate the anticapitalist sentiment , but i don't think they are right . i think self-regulating systems defy the laws of physics : the third law of thermodynamics dictates that the system must ... sarcastic , surrealist , sometimes dark . the hardest i've ever laughed at someone just speaking was someone parodying comments on the website of the daily mail ; he was so spot-on and biting , and his ... no , i suppose it wasn't very spiritually grounded . i suppose because i still have no idea what that means . it could mean forcing an oppressive , hierarchical religion and possibly the most toxic ... i disagree strongly with it being destructive , if he's talking about culture . i believe the exact opposite . nature is cruel . if you're born weak , you die ; if you're born strong , you live and prosper ... that's 200,000 years before present , with behavioural modernity at roughly 50,000 years before present , not 10,000 years . the first permanent settlements already existed 10,000 years ago , inhabited ... i just find the notion of ' spiritual charity ' for the ungrateful brats of billionaires when there are people vomiting blood because their drinking water's filthy as a direct result of the ... i think the spiritual suffering of the super rich ( and besides , they can afford enough headshrinking to get a scrip for happy pills if they're that upset with their opulent luxury ) pales into ... poor little ceos , how terrible is their suffering . that doesn't change the fact that whynd's speaking about a nonexistent society . who lived in peace with nature ? find me an anthropologist who would use that description of any culture that's ever ... : certainly , there are workable generalisations . it depends largely on what you want one for . what i'm concerned about is making restrictive , false generalisations - creating ... hunter-gathering isn't all dancing , chanting and sleeping , you know . there's also a great deal of dying of easily curable illnesses and injuries involved . it is true that in hunter-gatherer cultures , ... i think someone who's experienced both would , aside from not really having experienced one or the other in the same way as anyone who's only experienced one , still only understand an individual ... is it the same thing if it can change ? teiresias , who lived alternate lives as a man and as a woman , might have been able to compare them fairly . then again , having known one as well as the other ... what is a group other than the average of the wills of a number of individuals ? one need not submit to the will of a group , one need only share one's will with a group . this doesn't constitute ... no one has experienced both , so no one can fairly compare the two . i get something like limerence for people i've just met , sometimes , if something about them stands out - usually about their personality ; if they're attractive i just fancy them , and it's different ... i had a dream where i was in some sort of ' 70s - decorated psychological laboratory as part of a group of test subjects . we did psychometric tests , ran on treadmills with electrodes on our heads , that ... my gran is a very matriarchal esfj and manipulates people without even thinking about it . to combat it , i just bluntly ask her what her hidden motive is to show that i know what she's doing and it's ... i personally think you should steer clear of religion altogether lest you find priests breathing down your neck , or if you really need one , just do what comes to you intuitively rather than reading ... that's interesting . i went to a shrink when i was younger who lamented that my rational and irrational sides seemed to be totally out of touch with one another , like they existed indepedently of one ... being gay , i'm sort of excluded from the manliness contest that seems to be constantly going on between all straight men . i don't really understand why anyone would want to feel or be ' more manly ' ... that was sylvia plath , surely ? then again , she was very possibly an infp . i can be transparent or i can be totally opaque . if i'm properly upset about something , i try not to show the slightest ... since the first thing i did when i got up this morning was make a politically charged post here ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kYiKdJoSsb8 with our present means , the elimination of suffering does seem impossible yes . that said , 40,000 years ago we could cross rivers and chennels , but it seemed impossible to cross the sea , yet we ... there is such a thing as workplace organisation that a lot of people seem to have given up on . unions are supposed to unite workers to give them leverage to make transitional demands , yet a lot of ... i also consider it to be true that my morals are my own . unfortunately , i don't exist in a vacuum . i'm surrounded by people whose actions have consequences . it is within my power to influence those ... proving people wrong gives me no pleasure , either . i do find pleasure , however , in disabusing people of beliefs that lead them to harmful and destructive behaviour . there is pleasure , for me , to be ... i'm speculating here ; i'm not a marine biologist . :P it's also possible that they don't possess empathy , as we understand it . they may confuse us with other dolphins . they may be acting tactically to ... if our morals aren't the ultimate factor in our decision making , this does not impede us from striving that they should be . as far as i'm aware , dolphins are not known to have sufficiently ... the great white shark is not a moral agent ; you and i , on the other hand , are . we didn't ask to be moral agents . if your preferences are being superseded by others ' wills , then you're being treated ... they're exempt because they're incapable of preference , like sand or the moon or a baseball bat . the only things that need to be taken into moral consideration are those which are capable of being ... of course it is , and neither do i mean to dispute your right to hold it nor do i mean anything personal by challenging it . but no one has a right not to be disagreed with , and if i see something ... well , you might not have managed to express your motives , convincingly , at least . but i don't think i correctly apportion blame to myself , it's just a strategy to keep me from becoming frustrated ... my dad seems to be an infp , too . i'm male and gay , incidentally . i rated our relationship a 5 . he's supportive , but not in an overbearing , intrusive way . i was depressed for a few years , and when i ... again , though , there are numerous aspects of nature - both of our own nature and of nature in general - that we would certainly reject as wrong . that something is natural does not make it right any ... an arguing infp is an interesting thing , because you never know quite where the line beyond which reason is no longer applicable lies . :P it's not totally healthy ( according to the shrink i had a couple of years ago , at least ... > < ) but i tend to blame myself for being misunderstood : there is a way to communicate with this person that ... because you're more intelligent by orders of magnitude and possess cognitive abilities to which they don't even have an equivalent , like the ability to conceive of the future , self-awareness and ... i internalise it as much as i can . i do get rather short with people ; i snap , i tut , i scowl , i'm rude when usually i'm almost sycophantically polite . inside my head , i'm promising a million ... i sort of resent the fact that i have necessary bodily functions , anyway , so i couldn't really care less about my food as long as it does its basic job of keeping me alive . if i'm going to eat ... i don't find the health aspect relevant . in the absence of alternatives , i would turn to meat no quicker than i would turn to cannibalism , which is to say that i'd starve first . to say that it's ... '