' dating in eyes wide shut for dummies : do you want to know how to get a man , a man who belongs to a secret powerful society , a man who pulls the strings of the global order ? as we all know , masked ... this thread reminds me of nietzsche's line : “ i ’ m not upset that you lied to me , i ’ m upset that from now on i can ’ t believe you . i ( my ego ) might take an offense personally , depending on its ... how do you think social media sites ( existent or in the future ) will evolve regarding : 1 . privacy , in how users reveal themselves online , how the data of their content is used , how the meanings of ... there's a covert message in this thread title . i'm on to you ! seradade is an anagram for read sade . sade is marquis de sade , who wrote about libertine sexuality , where the term sado-masochism ... i laugh like a rhinoceros getting a rectal exam from a trumpet . while inside , i am dead . what does truth mean ? is there such as a thing as truth ? what does it mean when something is said to be true ? by what standards is something considered true or false ? are those standards ... my intentions are pure if somebody asks me a straightforward question . i'll answer directly , unless i'm being playful , making up fake stories for entertainment or humor . i will , however , withhold ... i live in a nudist colony but wear a scarf because i'm a rebel . i'm not saying where i wear the scarf either . 1 . can you give me an example of a time when you used ne ? ne is a cognitive function that doesn't happen alone . it works in conjunction with the other functions . it's an intuitive process ... i'm usually a ghost to begin with . sometimes i go for months without contacting my friends . if i do talk to them , it's when i'm organizing a group event ( like a hike or a camping trip ) . but i ... are there any intp musicians here ? i'm 29 and i've become obsessed with music this past year . i started playing the blues harmonica and the flute . i can spend hours reading sheet music , ... the more self-conscious i am of being judged , the more miserable i am . fear of what others think withers my heart . it contracts me . i then feel like a hunchbacked creature , deformed into the shape of ... these mbti descriptions help us to better understand ourselves . they're tools for our self-awareness and growth . they're not fortune tellers or prescriptive formulas . if you use being an intp as the ... i've been in infatuation . i've been in ego . never have i been in love . it's strange how one pretends to be the other . i definitely relate . when i'm psychologically unhealthy , i tend to fall into the extremes of isolation or socializing until burn out . usually , though , i have more internal capacity to be around ... within this year , some memorable books are : the hero within , carol s . peterson quantum psychology , raw buddhism : plain and simple , steve hagen down and out in paris and london , orwell start ... on social media , these likes ( external validation ) are very consciously designed to keep you addicted and distracted . you're positively reinforced for posting favorable idea x ( with recognition from ... [ reads topic , feels a strong urge to criticize the idea of slogans ] [ attempts to write a slogan on a bumper sticker ; instead , crams a treatise on 3 x 11.5 inches . ] [ writes three more slogans , ... https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/43/ef/a5/43efa513904089679a71f8978bd36515--pink-flowers-flowers-for-you.jpg i was diagnosed with adhd as a teenager . i took a non-stimulant norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor for a while . it was called strattera . it centered my mind for drudgery work but removed all my ... my going rate is 25 dollars ( or six boxes of s'mores pop-tarts ) an hour . i accept cash , credit , your eternal soul , and checks . if i drop a red paint bucket from a ladder , and it splatters on ... * eats cake * * drinks tequila * * drinks more tequila * * stands over the pool , swaying * * pees in the pool * i need a good twenty-one hours of sleep or i won't function properly . from recent studies , sleeping upside down is the best way to sleep for your brain . i often hang like a bat inside my closet , arms ... i'm physically fit , but because i exercise too much ( doing extreme sports ) and don't rest enough , i get injured often . just today , i rolled my ankle when skateboarding on some stairs . a few months ... this thread topic reminds me of the emo philips joke : “ i used to think that the brain was the most wonderful organ in my body . then i realized who was telling me this . ” it feels so natural , at ... my camshaft part , in the engine . yes , * sigh * i am a car . i'm probably the most annoying person to myself . i'm stuck in here ( echo : here , here , here ) . i feel claustrophobic in this brain . get ... i've never been in love , but i did watch highlander once . that immortal drifts through time , accessorizing in different fashions of the century . he watches as all his loved ones wither away . then ... i got this . what does it mean ? i listen to podcasts frequently , and audiobooks sometimes , but physical / ebooks are what i mostly read . with a physical book , especially for non-fiction , i underline key points in different colors of ... yesss ... happy birthday , mother . http://cdn3-www.comingsoon.net/assets/uploads/gallery/mamas-boys/mama9.jpg * mimics mother * why , thank you , dear . i'm honest when i talk ( sometimes to the point of being unintentionally blunt ) , but i can withhold a lot of information when it's not relevant or will take too long to explain . i'll choose what's ... they're uninspired suburban sayings , vomited on living room walls above the family portraits and yankee candles . they're trendy with the overweight housewife and grandmother demographic , often pasted ... colorless red balloons float down , screaming furiously . some people are jealous of others for their social status , financial success , relationships , and so on . because they're jealous , they assume i'm jealous with them . they even compliment the friends ... i don't care if my partner can memorize a hundred numbers in pi or lecture me on the history of salt . they could be a hyper-intelligent beating-a-computer-on-jeopardy type of mechanical philosopher , ... i'm isolated in an absurd society , so i've removed myself as much as possible , while still being technically in it . i'm learning who i am more , but my future is uncertain . by going my own way , i'm ... it's even interesting in the type of value that people , depending on their community , culture , and so on , place on the work that is done . it feels so fickle . i have done all types of jobs , everything ... i have been known to disco , as you kids say . https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/55/84/bd/5584bd8c76db38340dce35ec2114850e.gif the key is to groove , daddy-o . feel the beat with your ... i blow steam off a cup of black coffee , wonder about how my civilization will self-implode , look around my room , notice the hundred year old wooden floors , glance outside the window , breathe out , ... ne is a splatter of rainbow-paint on the cosmos . ne is the connection of elmer fudd in a pink bra with leondardo da vinci's anatomical drawings of man . ne is the future , what an idea could be , ... like a walking leaf insect that can mimic its surroundings until being camouflaged , there should be a book-insect . they're small , in the shape of a book mark , and can mimic their surroundings ( by ... 1 . on a scale of 1-10 how committed are you to the idea of having a life partner ? if 1 is i'm hoping to die alone ! hooray ! and 10 is omg will this endless waiting ever be over ? it's all i think ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mcixldqDIEQ 667969 the people in the streets are plucked up like radishes from dark earth , heads beat the purplish-red of ripeness . the women lead the ... rain-hiking , coffee or chinese , meat or tofu or nye , world , saves timer set for 5 minutes . unedited rambling : nutella / peanut butter sandwich , chewed on , swallowed , dissolved in stomach acid , passed through the intestines . eating a sandwich after a symphony ... i want to create things with my mind . or breed an army of genetically mutated children with telekinesis , who will mind-read the secrets of every ceo , know the access codes to nuclear weapons , ... i don't need validation from other people . i do need a small cash deposit to my paypal account for a charity . and by charity , i mean myself . and by myself , i mean an elaborate blue meth ... i'm only attached to an one-eyed growth that peers out of my shoulder blade . her name is ulga and i feed her cold meatballs . normally , though , i'm so absorbed in what i'm doing that i forget ... i'm good at bragging about how i don't brag about what i'm good at , which is bragging about how i don't brag about what i'm good at , which is ... wasting my time ( leading me on instead of being honest , only calling when you need something , flaking , etc . ) . being too clingy or not putting any effort into our relationship . not challenging ... '