' turquoise 680170 i don't have a job yet , but next year im going to study biomedical laboratory research and im pretty excited about it ! first year at highschool , the main insults were jokes implying i was a girl , it didn't bother me that much ; the three main guys were much more effeminate than me , so i figured they were just ... infp whale ... could someone explain wether fi ( and infphood ) is about morality or emotion ? some say it's about the xxfp's emotions while others say it's about their morals and values ... you can't change a psychopath's mind ; they don't care about others and can't feel guilt , without the ability to feel guilt , they can't better their ways . plus , they love to feign guilt , so even if ... i got dolphin , though i think wolf fits me better ... trump — by process of elemination ... maybe he's isfp ? they're similiar to us but are a bit more in the here and now , i guess . it's still very possible he's infp , tho : not everyone has all the typical characteristics of their type and ... yeah , it's kinda strange how types with ti and fe have much greater gender gaps than types with fi and te ... http://personalitycafe.com/infj-forum-protectors/894674-keys2cognition-test-results.html try the test from this thread , it's pretty good . nice test ! i got these results : cognitive processlevel of development ( preference , skill and frequency of use ) extraverted sensing ( se ) * * * ( 19.7 ) limited use introverted ... i am good at it , as long as there is no strict time limit to it . only about bad people , like isis members ... both at the same time . the two would offset the others negative traits , only leaving the positive ones . plus , cool sky effects like rainbows can happen when this occurs . don't worry ; enfp's are known as the most introverted extroverts personally , it usually leaves me cold wether or not someone from outside a certain situation i'm in understands me , but it ofcourse has ocurred to me that someone doesn't treat me as well as i them . ... the kind who lives by the law an eye for an eye , an ass for an ass i didn't mean we should just accept discrimination , i meant that dividing everyone for certain traits is not the right answer to it ! whats next ? white / black only cities ? muslim / christian / atheist only cities ? straight / gay only cities ? ? ? no ! we can't just divide us like that ! we are all born on this planet and we need to ... there probably is a female version of you who sees guys in a similiar way as you see girls , you should find her yeah ? well , i'm the personality type of the multiverse ;p it's ... a way of life ... either infp or infj no ! allowing others to make use of you won't be rewarded , it will only make things worse ! imagine if the allied forces would just stand at the sidelines , the world would probably be a nazi dystopia ... i know this is incredibly hard , but you need to ignore your guilt feelings when you haven't done an actual bad thing , the purpose of guilt is to prevent you from doing something bad again , but if you ... nps , intjs and isfps usually the good guy , i treat game characters almost like real humans . but when i play tf2 and become the spy , i turn into an absolute villain , enjoying the rage of my victims and being flattered ... i have no real experience but i chose isfp , becuase that type seems most ideal to me . finny is right , you should learn about cognitive functions . nt doesn't say much because intp and entj , for example , are very different . to understand these differences you should look at the ... to have the ability to rewind time 14 alot of famous / rich people commit suicide , i think it is because they got all the fame and money they were after and then had no more goals left to accomplish , and once that happens , life becomes ... lack of empathy and critical thinking i don't see the point of it ; if you're going to lose your memory after death and have different characteristics , than it is the same as if you don't leave anything behind after death ... nope all i can think of is high jump , it does involve some running tho , but without running it will be very hard to lose weight through sport . simple ; listen to the advice and see if it makes sense to you . if it does , follow it . if it doesn't , don't . i remember a few years ago i was in my illuminati phase : laughing : you should plan better things cannot always go according to your plans ... aaaand the j-cycle continues ... disagree : you can have children because you want to make them happy . also , maybe you'd want children because your spouse wants one . i don't mind someone else being called something like good , i do mind someone or a group being called something like better than me or a group i identify with ( when i'm positive that's not the ... . coast mesas the feeling function of infps is introverted which causes us often times to be uncomfortable with sharing feelings . our intuitive and thinking functions are extraverted which causes us to rather ... half south asian . live in europe , though . nobody i personally know cares about mbti :( someone with some messed up ideals which he / she wants the world to follow . torquoise , but any light blue-light green combo will do ... i just think it's really pretty , it looks happy and calm at the same time . you can also have genuine connections with people that are completely different from you ; one of my two best friends is an estj ( opposite type of mine ) ! '