' seralya for 20 years ! such strong resolve ! :p roud : tyty you made me almost tear up ! : happy : by the way ( i meant tear as in cry , just in case ) and then i thought this person has to be a woman , and then i scroll down to see that you've quoted ... strangestdude i did , believe me ! i treated like a novel experience . it was fun , once . but not anymore . ;) it's like one of albee's plays ! absolutely no center ! exhausts you ! arranged ... infinnacage distraction works . just be occupied with something else w / o fixating , of course ! ;) it worked tonight . out with family , just got back home , and relieved ! i should remember this . ... perfect , like you said , internal . others will have no clue , not even the person i share my cubicle with , at work . but what do you mean when you say , into negative feelings ? and how do you control ... thank you bromide ! this has been the best news in the whole of today . ( lousy day at work . ) i am researching limerence . it is such a relief to know that these feelings can brew up involuntarily ... mostly , and a good majority has been women . i wouldn't limit this to relationships / companionship . it's the intensity that scares me ! hello , i am posting this message here because i can't seem to find information on the topic ( infps and attachment issues ) anywhere on the internet . i have noticed a few things about my behaviour ... that is what came to my mind too ! it kinds of shatters the illusion of being perfect ; which by now , to me , is a relief . i think i can empathize with my nature better after reading that , and also make ... i came across this webpage just a little while ago . i was wondering what you fellow infps thought of it . infp - geniuses of the heart let me know ! calvin perhaps ? from calvin and hobbes . calvin perhaps ? from calvin and hobbes . you couldn't be more right ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g_haZtxNvF8 my brother introduced this song , and now i can't stop listening . ok , a question to all you lovely people ! do you find yourself forgetting things - normal , everyday small things - like , a word in a written sentence . or , using a whitener to rub out a word and ... very true as for being proactive , i was being proactive today , but it just didn't feel right . so much like refugee said , i am beginning to ignore the popular values / behaviour pattern , ... i can relate to that ! kind of laid back and calm . or , totally disoriented and spaced out ? i am not sure , but i am floating around , and feeling vaguely pleased and happy . nice feeling . like being here , and not being ... i was reading this . two sentences in and i thought wait . what ? are we such different infps ? and then i notice your name and type - not infp . hehe ! the basic animal instinct , on finding something ... i wouldn't say i have add . but i have always had trouble completing whatever i started . that's an infp trait . three-fourths into whatever i am doing i'll lose interest . it's not a good thing , esp ... i am not sure what to say about your situation , because i haven't had a baby . but i think i react almost the same way . i have been told to stop myself from reading too much into people's actions ... son of a gun we'll have big fun on the bayou ! pick guitar , fill fruit jar and be gay-o ! jambolaya , craw fish pie fillet gumbo ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=endscreen&v=-4o86juvMEE&NR=1 tell me about it ! and it's not just a romantic interest . i have found myself being obsessive about people old enough to be my grandmother ! ( i am a girl by the way , and no , it was not romantic at ... twist and shout ( twist and shout ) c'mon c'mon c'mon c'mon baby now . - the beatles http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MDIHcMg7GT4&feature=related amelie well , this is my first job . but i am going to focus on being burned out . at work - like somebody else also mentioned , the need to constantly socialize throws me off balance . it is sometimes all i ... 22 :) i don't hate people as such , but i have observed a few personality traits that seem to bring out the worst behaviour in me . a . people who act overfamiliar with me . like they say things only very ... que sera sera by doris day . so comforting . esp if you are an angry and hurt infp . i ended up watching the story of ichabod and the toad ! i couldn't have put it better . this is exacty where i am right now ! it is maddenning to just sit there and let people trample you , make you feel suffocated and angry . but the problem , i think , is ... this is insane ! this is exactly what i am doing ! ! ! wellsy so is it really healthy to be just open with our anger ? but being passive aggressive in itself is hard , i could muster enough energy to be openly rude ! i certainly relate more to fictional characters than actual people . it is so much easier , because they exist in your imagination , and when they exist in your imagination , there are certain parts of ... offtopic - i realise , but seriously , are we passive aggressive people ? and why is that such a bad thing ? other people are rude openly - we are sensitive and when we flip , we become ... you know you are an infp when , being angry and upset can slow you down physically . annoyed and apprehensive . i am dreading going to work because it is full of loud people who aren't thinking about the damage they maybe doing to other people . long is the way , and hard , that out of hell leads up to light . - john milton , paradise lost dear inverseknight , i just got out of an obsession / crush . it is hard to let go , although we know we have to . i prayed . really hard , because a part of me was not sincere when i was asking for freedom from the obsession ... confused . i think i expressed too much interest in somebody . i like him too . but we work at a conservative place , and i don't date . but i like him , and i let him know that i like him , i am now ... that is me to a t . oh my goodness ! * huge bear hugs * the core values are my strength . i am usually very passive and forgiving , but when it comes to violation of my core values or disrespect being constantly dished out to somebody - i become very very ... this is so true . i am going through the exact same thing . i am an introvert ( obviously ) , and i am very very conservative when it comes to dating / relationships and i usually take my time deciding or ... competition brings out the most aggressive side of a person , and most of the times , the focus shifts from the task at hand to winning . i don't find it pleasant because someone gets left out . and if ... when you believe in the universe , and spend hours stargazing . when you are deeply offended , almost violated , when people behave in a very rude manner . when you can't stand seeing a child ... i would have to say , water hyacinth by robert pinsky . the poem is hard to find online , but it's a wonderful read . this is so true ! and so weird - i did almost the same things together today . well , i haven't found my mobile in a week . and i got into the wrong bus and did not realise i was going the opposite ... just pleasantly excited and happy . also a little guilty about being so happy after reading the forum . but you know as the tailor says in fiddler on the roof even a poor tailor is entitled to some ... jd_ so true ! that is one of my major concerns . i like to write and paint . and i def do want to be a writer . and so true about the job things also . and , true about the multiple interests . i ... wow ! thank you so much ! we've planned to spend a day together and discuss all of this in earnest before tying the proverbial knot . and i like men nearing thirty because i seem to connect more with ... '