' causal sex sounds fantastic ! ! ! how do i find a cause ? :-D do you mean beer in american or british english ? to never be first , follow the crowd . first that comes to my mind is lost in translation . any others ? noteworthy : right after i had voted , neither entp nor istp had had no votes yet . in fact , istp's are my favourite s-stype so no surprise there ... i've always been comfortable with numbers but i got an important affirmation of my skills from my current employer's test when they contemplated of hiring me a few years back . in math skills i scored ... i don't know but this question made me think : there are four manifestations of ne and si forming a progression from ne---si to si---ne : ne---si ( enxp ) - ne-si - ( inxp ) - si-ne - ( esxj ) si---ne ... to be nowhere first , follow the crowd . what's the difference ? : tongue : ditto ( to anything posted by other entp's before or after this article ) . technically yes but practically not - - i often eat breakfast straight from the cereal box ... : tongue : yes to both questions . when i think , at work i walk aimlessly in the aisles with earphones on my ears , and at home i walk between living room and kitchen , stepping on the same specific floor tiles ... been there done that [ with enfj ] : laughing : the downside is you'll be 10 years older and 50 pounds larger when you're suddenly forced to date again ... this summer i spent five days in a foreign country having dialog only within my head , and with random local people who did not know me beforehand and whom i'll never meet again . it was incredibly ... fe is the lure . fe + se is the trap . you know you're entp when the first step of cooking dinner is wash the dishes . asking the entps about reationships is like asking the penguins about flying ... : laughing : i counted 24 varieties in the article . is this some sort of intp humor i just don't get ? mind boggles ... how did you know i don't travel in space but in time ... ? : unsure : my friends at work wonder why i regularly park on visitor spots . should i tell them i'm only visiting this planet ? very true ! this is how i feel when discussing with any n-dominant person ( enxp | inxj ) . it feels like telepathy but it really is just that our thought processes are resonant . mainly the fact that i'm an entp . sorry could not resist . it's not because i'd fear feeling bad myself , it's because i do not want others feel bad because of something i'd have said or done . when non-communication conveys ( sp ? ) a negative message better than ... at least for me personally this could indeed be difficult to say . i suspect it's because of the fe relatively high in the entp function stack = > highly reluctant to disappoint others . in my experience , generally all exxj's rub entp's the wrong way , more or less . entj's are great as intellectual sparring partners ( heck , one of my best friends at work is an entj guy ) but i'd have ... none - - we got divorced in november . if one positive thing needs to be mentioned it's that we have been ( and probably will be ) able to retain a friendly relationship . i'd be hard pushed to ever marry another enfj again . one was quite enough for me . silicon valley is not bad . you know , the chain of cities on san francisco peninsula between san mateo-hayward bridge and san jose . sf itself is also cool and laid back , as well as many other places ... well , to get out of any entp friend zone , all you need to be is boring , illogical , and overly emotional ... : laughing : statistical reasons . by being ( probably ) the most non-judgemental type of all we generally attract and become friends with people in all personality types , some of which aren't mutually as ... entp's are quick and original thinkers and communicators , and yet , i'd guess every entp is used to - no , tired of - being misunderstood ( or understood slowly ) by others . therefore a discussion with ... my very best friends are infj ( x2 ) , enfp , and intj . i recently divorced an enfj ( she's nice , but she's totally incompatible with me ) and i am currently , i dunno , maybe somewhat dating an ixtp . i ... we have a handful of infj appreciation threads already . what more do we need ? i do not quite agree . none of the criteria are exclusive to entp's , and a few are actually against typical entp traits : they live the present moment to the fullest . - - entp live in future enjoy ... how ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=THNPmhBl-8I hmmm ... an entp , when they hear that sentence , would think oh , yes it can and just go an do it . maybe you could somehow materialize this idea so that the things you procrastinate about , are the ... i believe in telekinesis . for instance : i approach a bus stop where there is a bus already waiting . i walk towards the bus stop in my normal pace thinking that i'm too far to catch it . but the bus ... <sigh> good try , i guess ( for both of us ) :d ry : the poster below kills babies and eats them for breakfast . yuck ! : frustrating : i'm mostly driving my friends nuts ... : tongue : on the second thought , there's nothing entp won't say if they can deliver it with sarcasm . how's my hair ? mirrors don't flip left-right nor up-down . mirrors flip only front-back . i do not test for squareness . i generate candidates , square them , and detect if the result is a potential match to a given n . the generator can eliminate large families of binary patterns ... well ... the key is , like i said , next , express the n + ki in base ( - 1 + i ) [ every gaussian integer has a unique expression in this number base ] and start applying some known binary-pattern-based square ... integer factorization is an old tough nut problem in math . factoring a number n means finding non-trivial x and y so that n = xy . non-trivial x and y are both integers greater than 1 ( e . g . greater or ... my education is some college , and i'm an information technology professional since nearly 30 years ago . dare i say that despite having very little formal education i have been incredible lucky in ... i think , coth i can't thwim . how ... do ... you ... know ? ! ? ! ? : tongue : '