' to me , casual sex is as meaningless and boring as small talk . if busting a nut is all i want , i'd might as well watch porn . i really appreciate and enjoy sex if i know i can connect with the person ... don't watch too much television but breaking bad is the greatest piece of motion picture i've ever seen ( even among movies and t . v . series ) . there were some parts i didn't like but overall , it was ... hello . i've recently come across this girl esfp girl whom i have a suspicion that she likes me . i'd like to know if any esfps out there can make a judgement call based off of the following info ... because a lot of them tend to think that they are somehow owed credit for the works of some historically influential intjs , like newton , for example . they think that just because they shared the same ... as of late , i've been reassessing whether i am a thinker or a feeler . the main reason for this is because - most of the time - i am relatively passive , even when i am annoyed or irritated ... well , she said she didn't have the time to study yet was out drinking with some friends the night before a test ( not that she as going to pass ) but i guess that would just fall under poor time ... sorry , but could you put the hedging bets meaning into an example for her situation ? ( doesn't necessarily have to be true , i just want to understand what you mean by this ) . and i've done this ... i understand . but still , if not an a , at least get a c so you can receive credit . but it is what it is . maybe she just had a lot in her life going on ( i'm sure she did ) but i think deliberately ... yep . which is why i couldn't believe the results . i still dont see her as an intj . her character is somewhat compatible but she doesn't seem to share that sharp distaste for mediocrity . we were ... what exactly do you mean by hedging the bets ? i think i know what you mean but i'm not 100 % sure . yes , she has withdrawn a little . but , then again , we text a lot during her job hours so she ... what's your reaction to someone , whom you've known for a bit and get along with good and know he likes you , who asks you a question like what i asked her ( about why she isn't looking for a ... minor correction : she's an intj . i got her to take the test . if you believe she is toying with me , what could be a possible reason for preserving a relationship ? the very first mbti test i took gave two results : a primary personality type and a secondary personality type . my primary type was intj and my second as infj . i've never been able to find the test ... just behave and don't post overly offensive material like that guy snapple did . perhaps i shouldn't have generalized but the intjs i've seen do . they don't seem to be able to adapt or blend in with different social environments . maybe its because they aren't mature enough or ... well , she's had to work a lot ( she texted me that she had worked 11 hours while still at work ) so we still haven't gotten together . she has two upcoming days off and i mentioned to her that i bike ... funny how life is . turns out you were right . she actually is an intj . i got her to take the test . i was stunned to say the least . by the way , from at movie is that gif ? i know it's from a japanese anime film about demons or spirits of nature but i can't remember . the point of this thread is too subjective . the point of this thread was to try and get inside her head . she did . ill pm you then how did she guess that i liked her ? what makes you think i haven't been aggressive ? just a curious thought ... thank you . see , i have friends and acquaintances that carry that mindset and don't get me wrong , they get lots of sex . but that's all they get . i'm not interested in just sex . i've been around whores and sluts ... is it possible that you've surrounded yourself with whores and sluts for such a long time that you've come to the conclusion that all women are like this ? i'm not arguing against the alpha male ... tell me - do you prefer a meaningful relationship or cheap sex with a rotation of women ( that you are ' friends ' with ) with the exception of the occasional girl from the other side of town ? i want ... what intellectual pursuits are you referring to ? no , i didn't think you were joking . i've met your type before . a pussy ? how so ? who is they ? are you generalizing women again or are you referring to a certain personality type ? woah , i had no idea you guys were chatting it up like is in here . okay hornet , then how could ( or would ) i have made myself more attractive to her , according to you ? i also don't think of her as being number so-and-so out of three billion . i understand what you mean . but , she is entirely unique unto herself and i'm not looking for just any woman . if that were the ... like i said , i won't be keeping my hopes up . nor is my intention , now , to somehow conquer her by trying to be her best friend or something . i know how to put emotions behind me . i want to stay in ... i definitely won't give up hope , even though i don't have my hopes up and i will be neutral to whatever decision she may make in the future ( whether she wants to stay friends or explore a different ... i want to let everyone know that i finally decided to let her know how i feel . i pretty much just texted her and told her that i liked her and that i wanted to know how she felt about me , and that i ... i see . i asked because you give good advice and i like how you advice , and some of your explanations , seem to fit . i say that not because i'm in some sort of self-denial due to the possibility that ... thanks ! by the way , i can't help but ask : how do you know her so well ( aside from being an infp ) ? the affirmative-ness of your answers catches my attention . for some reason my intuition tells me ... [ disregard this post ; i hadn't seen your previous one ] thanks ! i really appreciate your advice . though , just one question , do you think if i go about 3 weeks without texting ( our main way of communication ) and decide to text her a week prior to the ... thank you , larac . that was very informative and calmed my anxieties a bit . so far , i haven't confessed to her . to confess to her my feelings would mean that i've given up on her and have decided to ... i know what the op feels like . i enjoy the gifts that come with being an intj , but there are times when it feels like a curse . i can compare it to having superpowers . much like a superhero has a ... you spend 24 hours a day weighing and evaluating the chances that a peer , of which you like , might like you back . right . so what is it that makes you think she doesnt want a relationship with me ? i mean , what details make you sway more towards thinking that she isnt interested as opposed to taking a neutral ... one last thing , in the unlikely event that she does set something up , should i mention my feelings for her then and there or should i try to get to know her a bit better and facilitate another ... thanks for your kind words :) i will give her approximately a few more days . i wont text her until then . if she doesnt bring up the bike ride , i think it is best if i text her about it because she ... thanks . this sucks on so many levels but i guess it is something that needs to be done . i highly appreciate everyone's help ! i see . so when i do tell her , what do i do afterwards ? do i still stay her friend or is it best to just move on and forget her ( assuming she doesnt like me ) ? wait , nevermind my post . you already did :) thank you for the words of encouragement . btw , could you have a look at what believes about her ? not because i want you to convenience her that she likes me or something ( in an attempt to ... the thing is that i didnt say anything mean or hurt her feelings . im 100 % sure of it . we have never talked about any truly political subjects that could potentially create a tear in our relationship ... '