' oooh ! this sounds like just my thing . my parents sometimes calls me little grandma because i really like old things x ) i'm going to assume old books have already been mentioned , so i'll skip that ... have you told him how you feel about your health and stress ? because if you have , then he has no excuse to act the way he is . listen , i'm a lazy person , okay ? i am incredibly lazy . i will not ... yeah , i'd say that covers it almost perfectly . i have like two other infp friends and they're just like that . one's a bit more shy , the other's a bit more assertive , but they all share the same vibe ... * sobs * my phone is too old :( i can't afford a new one . all my friends have the game , i want it too D: i love writing fantasy stories . right now i've written 112 pages on my book ^ ^ i also love writing essays . just putting everything together and watching it form a pleasing whole is so great . i'm starting uni soon . i'm going to be studying writing & english literature . good career choice ? probably not , but anything else i've tried have made me miserable . i had a year where i tried to ... i got about 20k too ! high five ! - - - native language : swedish ( hej på er , smått folk ) learned : english ( extensive knowledge , i've immersed myself in it for years and years . it's just really ... i always fall asleep in fetal position , and then i helicopter around in my sleep ( to the great annoyance of anyone who might have to sleep next to me ) . unless my cat is next to me , then i somehow ... i don't think men being sensitive is that much of an issue . are there girls who will turn you down because of it ? yeah . just like there's girls who will turn you down because you have some trait that ... mom : infp ( step ) dad : xstx ( biological father : enfp ) my mom being an infp is awesome . we have some mutual weak points , which can get annoying because if we're in a situation where the weak point ... i am super duper cuddly ! :D ... with close friends or my family . but i do love cuddles . i like cuddles . my idea of being social with my mom is mostly to pass her on the way in and out of my room ... no . no i would not . when i break up with someone , it's not a sudden decision . i've taken it into consideration , examined every angle , and determined that the pain from breaking up is a better ... i love snuggling ! i like to cuddle up next to my mom ( yes , still . i don't care . mom's still soft and nice to cuddle up to ) or my cat or my friends , and ... i would cuddle up to a special ... in 8th grade everyone in our school had to go camping for one night . i was not looking forward to it , but figured that if everyone worked in a team then it'd be fine . i ended up with the two most ... this actually seems fun . the biggest problem with exercise for me has always been immersion . i get bored doing anything if i just do it for the purpose of physical exercise but if i can pretend ... i guess i look feminine ? i have long hair and stuff . however , it's probably more in a grandma type of way than a modern feminine lady or whatever . i don't wear make-up , in fact i know very ... joy , for sure . i think i've always been rather optimistic and happy . when things are bad they're bad , but some part of me is always looking on the bright side of things . even when i'm sad it's ... i think feelings vary from place to place depending on the feeling , for everyone . i don't think it's an indication of fe or fi really . all my bad feelings go in my gut . shock , fear , dread , grief ... i tend to be slow to commit , but not out of fear for the future . it's rather that until i'm certain that it is in fact a relationship ( and not just general dating stuff ) and such then i hold off a ... the internet is kinda shitty towards sensors . it sucks and i'm sorry about that . personally i like sensors . one of my best friends is an isfp and more often than not he's more creative than me . i ... i accepted the inevitability of death back when i was 16 so whatever . red pill . i don't care about living a long life as long as it's a good one ^ ^ of course dying young wouldn't be all that ... yeah , i think soulmates exist . maybe not in the whole wham bam relationship way ? at least i've never seen that happen . for me a soulmate is someone you feel really close to . beyond close ... she doesn't sound like she'd be upset or scared from her response . it sounds like she just was caught off guard and is a bit unsure about how to respond , but not upset or whatever . i'd suggest ... i'm mostly an emotional infp . very goofy with friends ( but only with friends ) and such ^ ^ i will go into an estj flip in an emergency though . like if someone gets seriously hurt or such . it's ... i actually withdraw , oddly enough . i still act friendly and stuff , but i start questioning myself a whole lot so i become more quiet and seek out contact less . i don't touch the person at all ... i would consider myself rather friendly and talkative , but my enfp friend is like 10x more than me . i'm like wow i managed to talk to a stranger today and i was polite :'D i'm getting pretty good ... i only ever talk about negative feelings if they are rather small ( annoyances ) or if they're old enough to not be as painful anymore . so most of the time i do rants to my friends . mostly those rants ... it's not a big deal if i never get married . but i wouldn't mind it if i got married either . as long as you find a decent partner then it's whatever , you know ? the partner is more important than ... welcome :D personally i don't mind in the slightest being cute : 3 it's my whole thing . the puppy eyes work wonders on everyone ( and by everyone i mean my parents ) , and older people tend to be very protective ... eh . i get angry sometimes , mostly when someone i care about gets mistreated ( if it also happens to be one of my cats then i can be sent into a bit of a rage because nobody hurts my babies and gets ... i tend to like and forgive everyone , but there is this one person who i just can't do that with . i don't like him . i don't want to forgive him . he's an absolute ass . he was cruel to my cat ... hahahahaha , nope ! :D 518842 or well , it depends on the subject . when it comes to life in general i'm very laid back . i don't take hardships too seriously , i tend to just tell myself that ... i mean i would show you guys a serious picture of my eyes but i don't have a single picture of myself where i'm not making a goofy face . it seems to just be my natural response to getting my picture ... enp sounds really accurate for me when i was a child . mom told me i was always charming strangers and seemed to be full of endless happy energy . i did that already as a baby . i was probably a ... i don't know about anyone else , but i know that the only reason my mind jumps there right away is because i've been there . i was lucky and got away , but it makes you very paranoid and on guard at ... * shrug * it's from the very first sims family i ever made . i made a mom and a dad and triplet toddlers ( a wonderful idea for a total noob except not really ) . one of the triplets was named ... yeah , i'm not all that great with communicating with anyone if they're far away . < . < it's not that i don't care . i do care , a whole lot . right now my very best friend is an entire ocean away . we ... the infps i know / have known irl ( including me ) does not appreciate that type of playing . they're also super oblivious to hidden compliments . i know i am , and so are my friends . we just don't ... i hope it's okay to post more pictures of your pets because i'm totally doing that now xd here is sarah being upset at me for not giving her instant attention 517850  5178 58 she was given ... december 12th ( it's easy to remember because it's two 12 ' s no matter which order you put them in x3 ) you know , that actually kind of works . maybe not in a work environment , but say if some guys is being creepy to you in a public place . random crying makes other people react and notice what's going ... aah , creepy guys . always making things hard for people . depending on the level of creepiness he is displaying ( like is he pushing you up against walls and / or talking about showing up in your house ... oh i can't tell when someone is flirting with me worth a damn . i'm very affectionate towards my friends . i hug them , i call them cute , i have a habit of kissing a few of them on the cheeks ( only ... infp-infp relationships can be great . :D ... or they can be an absolute hellscape . i ended up in the latter , so here's some advice on how to avoid that : 1 . agree early on to always be open and ... i must come from a country where charm bracelets aren't a thing , because i can't say i've ever really heard about them . so i can't make any statement there . tattoos , however . i can talk about ... i don't know if i can help much , but i'll try . i think that the easiest way to start a relationship is through friendship . that's probably me being a bit biased , because i don't really get the ... i don't know D: my friends say my patronus would be a crazy cat , but that's probably because they think about the crazy cat i had , so maybe they're being biased . it'd be something very derpy ... you just gotta tell her off when she's being stupid , really . in a not-too-rude way , of course , but still . if she keeps just pushing things onto you and being stupid , then it is perfectly acceptable ... i give advice / tips to my friend when i feel like she needs it , or if we talk about a subject i know stuff about . for example how to avoid creeps or what to do if someone is acting very creepy or ... '