' do you suppose that charlie is an istj ? http://youtu.be/CsGYh8AacgY yogurt , i hate yogurt ! even with strawberries ! http://i722.photobucket.com/albums/ww226/redhades/SpaceballsDarkHelmerDesertCostume.jpg inspecting mirrors is a job i could see myself doing . i think there are two possibilities for what is going on here . one may be that he is not getting upset or worried about the situation since there is no benefit to doing so . it would only create drama ... the character of aaron hotchner in criminal minds sounds like its the inverter board that going bad . if you do a google or ebay search on your laptop brand and model with the term inverter , you should be able to find something . typically , they ... i vote for games ! 1 ) yes , to some degree . mostly i'm having imaginary conversations with real people . 2 ) yes , especially with what i would consider a simple mistake . ( i'm better than this . why did i miss something ... tired of this job ; tired of this house ; tired of this town . seriously thinking about a new career , moving out of state . * sigh * went to change the screen protector on my phone only to find that i had originally put it on over another screen protector . i feel as bright as a nightlight bulb . according to xkcd , give it a couple years and it won't be creepy : http://imgs.xkcd.com/comics/dating_pools.png you'd probably not be up for a game of calvinball . calvinball rules - the wonderful world of calvin & hobbes http://mysite.verizon.net/res1dkgl/RuleChangesP-2.gif threaten to put their dirty dishes in their beds if they don't clean them . when they fail to clean them , then put them in their beds . they'll learn not to do that again . : tongue : hmm ... i've been called all four of those . but dork is my favorite . people call me that after i've annoyed them , laughed , and walked away . get burned bad enough and you'll never go back . dear intj , we've been good friends these last ten years , and i'm just now able to figure out what you are talking about when you start a conversation in the middle of your own thought process . you ... reminded me of this news article : woman in water-drinking contest dies - us news - life - msnbc.com i often say this about drivers , esp . those who don't follow the rules of the road . sounds like me . i like being comfortable . i agree . my conscious wouldn't let me sleep if i did that . and i like my sleep . is it worth advancing one's career at the expense of others ? our own worst critic is ourselves . for our annual performance review , my supervisor evaluates me and i also do a self-evaluation . the choices are below expectations , meets expectations , and above ... double thanks on that . we thank you for not trying to physically dissect us . forgive my ignorance , but what is a 360 ? always make sure all the cards are there . don't want to play with a set of card that are incomplete . what do you mean by fullest ? what is she not doing that you think she should be doing ? i think its also important to note that once you have a goal set , and a plan to follow , and are striving toward that goal , remember to occasionally stop and smell the roses . spend times with friends ... rave : got along with people today and i don't know why . rave : three-day weekend . rant : been irritated with people all week and i don't know why . according to snopes.com , no one in the nissan survived . snopes.com : russia crash this coming from a man who just recently was ranting about having to delete pages and pages of pms . oh , btw , i'm thinking about tacos . second that . i see it ! the dog is smiling . :) rave : a friend is giving me a smartphone that will work on my plan . no more 10 key texting ! : happy : rant : i have so few friends to text . : sad : rave : kc bbq is a tasty way to fill an empty tummy ! ... we speak our minds and are direct about it . we don't say things unless they're worth saying . what fun is it to be serious all the time ? : happy : it makes perfect sense what you're thinking . he may not realize that his inattention is causing you this heartache . but i'm sure if he knew how you felt about it , he would do something about it , even ... i found its very easy for a relationship , even with friends , to drift quickly when physically separated . its easy to get caught up in activities and lose track of people . as we istjs are more ... 21,600 for a 35 year old . : sad : but here's a fun way to increase your vocab ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OxoUUbMii7Q over my lifetime , i've received a plethora of cards thanking me for doing such and such or this and that . i realize that for the one sending the card they considered what i did to be special , out of ... agreed . if i can see the goal and know how to accomplish it , i will forge ahead no matter what . otherwise , its overwhelming , melancholy , depressive ... a while back i was voicing to my boss my irritation of his starting a project , then handing it off to me midway through , instead of just giving the project to me from the start . his response : what ... i hadn't heard much about ows in the news as of late , so i googled it only to find that they are about to run out of money . so the real question here is : why are we discussing a ( pretty much ) dead ... i wasn't trying to imply that ; i was trying to say it outright . x93there are dreamers and there are realists in this world . you think the dreamers would find the dreamers and the realists would find the realists , but more often than not , the opposite is true . see , ... http://mgsrvr.com/d9c465ec54c1c86df2ce11501edc5010.gif + 1 feign interest in what they are saying , subtly direct them out to the hallway , and quickly shut the door . at least that's the way i play it over and over in my head as what i would like to do . i did this once with a friend who was talking smack to me before a racquetball game . but i later learned that if i played every shot off the ceiling , he would get so mad that he would whiff the ball ... ^ said the woman ... : wink : http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/frontsquare/e5a7_canned_unicorn_meat.jpg thinkgeek :: canned unicorn meat its what i always wanted . '