' yes . i can carry conversations . just this underlying tension . i feel like they're barely tolerating me and if i say one thing wrong they'll hate me . it could be my hypersensitivity though . edit : ... except i'm a really genuine person . i'm in relationships with these people , but i don't want there to be so much tension . i've moved around a lot , i've lost count . also , i live with my dad who is really intj . i'm just counting the people that flaunt it . it's part of my personality . i mean we're friends and all , but ... how can i get an intjs approval ? i know this sounds so ridiculous , but i'm an infj and i clash soo badly with intjs . i just want to know what i can do to get them to at least like me as a human ... i think it's a western idea to be able to care for people too much it hurts me sometimes , but i'm usually into self sacrifice . i make sure i don't go too far because if i do i crumble i feel the same way . i want to actually perform my piano playing for more outcasted people my life is one long awkward moment . like one time when i was in second grade i had to pee , and i was in the woods with my friends . they convinced me it was cool to go commando or whatever , so i did ... sexy pensive :p you are all soo pretty ! ! ! i'm super average :/ this has probably been asked a million times , but am i the only infj that feels profoundly alienated from other people ? this could be a bipolar thing . i used to go onto these forums a lot , i grew ... my dad and brother are , they are very intelligent people . but not very understanding or empathetic . 3839538393 38394hai guise these are just some pictures of me :) i think i posted something but i don't kn ow i feel you brother . only tv characters ? these people have obviously not seen supernatural story of my life hahah yes . i know that . it's lame , but i use these things of being a girl to my advantage . haha i have been really busy - moving around - but now i'm posting a little bit more . i'm doing great ! how are you ? me neither . i got rid of facebook and myspace . prefer real relationships . i figure pc ... i never do it for creepy reasons . and i've actually stopped because i've stopped using facebook / myspace . no i don't use it as a substitute ever . i actually have excellent social skills , strangely ... you're fat . me too . but he's a man , so i forgave him . even though that's a pretty lame reason . i also really like goethe's faust . that's kind of hard to read though . even for me . 21 balloons is a kids book but i ... i am . i love shopping . i love buying stuff . it's something i love to do . i actually , normally buy for other people . but it's an instant gratification for me . dante : the divine comedy any reading is really good with me . i liked the count of monte cristo by dumas this is a fantastic idea . maybe i'll open a little infj - thought based cafe one day . actually that's a pretty good idea . hum . hear hear . yo , it's the environment shaping us . it is a rare person whom society reflects , and refuses to be a mirror of society . the expression of art . and art is everything , so i love everything . the end . come on , who really cares ? it's just an internal need to eventually reproduce . move past that . love for the sake of loving . who cares about kissing ? it really just makes you seem kind of whiny . i ... fuck yes . / all classical . rachmaninoff , scriabin , cui , chopin , liszt , mozart ... bach , beethoven , hummel ... ohh , too many to list . i can listen to anything , but it doesn't mean much to me ... and to ... yes . and i love sunflowers . :) i know everyone has their moods . but i have the gift of having many personalities ... the most obvious , are two . a . kind , loving , benevolent ; same words . you get the idea . i'll be forgiving ... yes > i want to be a piano teacher ! :) hey - i'll miss you too . hope to see you around . female infj ! this is random - but i didn't respond to that one post--i've not been on in like ... 2 years ... 2 weeks more like ... but i wasn't ignoring you ! as always , i enjoy your posts and can relate ... i don't really find it all that depressing . i think it's stating the obvious . i should probably get over it . it depends on the day . like right now ... it's like ... why do i have to be me ? i'm from ... nothing . i do everything that i want to do . mine is lame , i don't write too often , but there are lots of pictures : it's just me isn't it ? my dad is an intj , my brother is an intj , a friend i know is an , intj . idk . you haven't known her for long . to be honest , i've never really seen that kind of relationship that works well . there's ... myself . that's the most consistent problem with being ... me i guess that's infj wow , i'm really tired , you can just ignore this post . i mostly listen to classical . i love pinkly smooth , the mars volta , at the drive in , and ... muse ... sort of . i love pinkly smooth though . wonder woman something like this , and i am too lazy to type out my long winding beliefs . playing music and getting everything organized in that anal way that i do . then sitting down in my ridiculously clean room and thinking this is going to look like shit in about 3 days then i'll ... i don't appreciate sympathy , if anything it annoys me . empathy is much more valued in my heart . i find dark humor , sarcasm , sardonics , irony all very funny . and outright toilet humor , along with crude stuff . i have a very wide range of affable things . i don't even know what affable means . i ... i hate socializing , because people like to hear me talk , to they'll like invite me into the conversation . what they don't understand , is that i spend a lot of time thinking of the perfect way to ... they lead themselves on . i think they were kidding ... how about , if you give an infj a cookie ? anyone heard those ? '