' i read through some of these descriptors of unhealthy behavior in the infp , and i would like to say a few things about myself - i will not say i am an unhealthy infp for certain , because the ... see which of us could make the other cry first . i used to binge drink by myself and post very short stories on forums , or respond to all posts in verse . i was very happy . i find writing and all creativity to be a joyless experience now that i ... i don't think i've ever lived with silence . i have been getting used to silence in the last week or two , and it is very disturbing , i am on edge , waiting for a sudden unwanted sound to shatter the ... part of the reason i liked it so much was because it was broad . it could apply to anyone , it was not only a list for infps , but for anyone interesting in meaningful connections with others , but in ... i have a facebook account i use to search for people with , people that i know in the real world . i print out their pictures and keep them in a box . sometimes i feel excited when i open it and go to ... i dislike pure silence . i began putting a clip-on fan next to my pillow as a kid , falling asleep to the endless thrummm vibrating around me . as an adult , i find silence to be intolerable , and am ... using a bathroom that isn't in my own home , without my own self alone ( no guests ) . this is a major problem , and impacts my life to a degree i can't stress properly . if i know i am going somewhere with ... i appreciate that you made a point of letting us and op know you didn't mean to speak for everyone as a whole , that we all behave individually despite our similarities . i try to do the same myself , ... perhaps in her mind she is not eavesdropping , but trying to grasp the flow of a conversation , wishing to enter it , but feeling inept . i prefer to dip my hands into multiple social circles as well , ... ( im ) patience for something or someone interesting to cross paths with me 6620166202 6620366204 66205 i enjoy looking at photos and videos of gore . beheadings , necropsy , torture , live incinerations , car accidents , morgue shots , and mexico's daily feast of human offerings . a side of humanity i would ... 6619466195 6619666197 just cuddlin n stuff . my brother has always been a cruel to me , quick to anger and lash out , physically violent throughout my childhood . i would describe him as needlessly critical , almost obsessive about my nature : why ... i walk past a piece of frayed nylon rope flying from a chainlink fence every night . it's split into three even lengths and i am finding it harder and harder to resist the urge to braid them together ... you're so nice , everybody likes you . < speaking for you , in your presence , praising your art / music / whatever > - stop it , mom . when you map out a particular facial expression in the void of your mind an instant before displaying it across your face . when an expression is sometimes a conscious effort , even practiced . when ... i can tell a lie , but i can't cover it up once it's exposed . i can't cover a lie with a lie , the way you ought to . i think that i could maybe and am for some reason embarrassed to try . i am very good ... i dream of feelings , and anticipation . blurry , watercolor-y dreams . i dream often of being surrounded by strange people in innumerable instances where we must flee , or move , and i am too slow to ... sometimes late at night , i lean into my neighbor's wall ( for our walls are thin ) , and i listen for the faintest of sounds ! by these sounds or lack of , i decide whether or not to cross the hall and ... i like to think about words like awesome , or terrible , where their meaning has been watered down in modern usage . one might've only referred to the sun or the moon or the tides or the strength of ... is there any way you guys could say all of these things but in english ? i do not know what any of you are saying ... fi ( dom sci-fi loops ... i thank you for reading it , but i do not know what you're ... oh , yeah , i agree with both you and liquidlight . i did not mean to speak for the entire board . in fact , i believe the ' mis-typed ' people are the ones who make a reference to their types in nearly ... i've lurked on this website for some years , and i notice a hive mind that develops among the type-specific boards . a usage of we - we do this , but we don't do that . there seems to be a decrease ... you know that people are tools and deserve to be manipulated by yourself for the greater good . the grid took some figuring out for me . i ended up with ' generous thinker . ' hey , samarra . relationships are something i find myself thinking of a lot , i'm uneasy as well . i know that when i do sniff out a person who i feel like sharing myself with , i will wish to share all ... the other day , my mother's friendly christian neighbor invited my younger brother to come over and do a job with her children . what job ? he asks.oh , just a job , she says . while my brother runs ... i have turned my back on many confrontations , physical and verbal . coward , pussy , nothing to say ? , yeah , that's what i thought is the normal response i get . have you ever felt an overwhelming ... perhaps i am of the forever alone club , having not even kissed in my life . hi . the periods in my username make me unable to see my own notifications or user profile , or so i've been told is the reasoning . i am instead linked to another user's . could you please take the ... thanks . how do i change my username without re-registering ? edit : lots of weird stuff is happening , i was getting notifications about other people's conversations in the e-mail . do you think of your friend as infp and yourself as entp ? is this figuring into how you approach him ? does he consider himself infp ? i have hurt someone in my life , who remains in my life , and ... notifications : 6 if i click the box , it drops down , gives me information . if i click to see what it is someone responded to , i am sent to user 5h4m5 ' s activity page , not my own ? i was detailed , i am only giving this one shot , so i thought i would use as much honest as i was able and to be myself . apparently this means many words . 0 . is there anything that may affect the ... a citywide power-failure . did you mean what you said , what you did ? what if your friend forgives you , hears your sincerity , but still feels burned ? that whatever happened is unresolved . he forgives , but he is disturbed that ... i failed 8th grade , but was moved to 9th , and then left for ever . steinmann , what does it feel like to be caught by another person in the middle of maneuvering in your pockets or your shoes or your coat sleeves ? to realize you were being observed ? hello . when i feel lonely , i sometimes google for information or testimonies about avoidant personality disorder . it is somehow comforting for me to read these eerily accurate descriptions of my ... cash register : how are you ? hello - good . every time . hygiene is unimportant , but i must make certain my hair looks good enough for other people to draw the correct conclusions about me if i go out into the real world . they must believe the things i ... '