' edit : double post . i'm not going anywhere . i feel like i've done enough traveling for the time being - i think i've used travel in the past as a type of distraction from building my own life . so i think i'm going to ... i've had these issues too . in fact , i was recently talking to a long time friend whom i have known for 10 years ( although i have been moving around cross country and here and there and back again so ... this is my first post here in a little over a year . this time away has given me a new perspective . i'm seeing this place with fresh eyes and i'm not in love with what i see . it seems to me that ... edit : nevermind . :) edit : nevermind . i don't know why i keep coming back to this place . it makes me feel alienated ... from myself . yep comin ' to perc is sometimes like going to yr pantry when you're hungry but don't feel like eating anything . always keep coming back because you think something different will be in there but its ... no personal attacks ? as in personality cafe's rule # 1 ? it states : then why was this comment left up and the user ( ) not reprimanded ? its comment #106 in this thread and is a violation ... word . i think this song sort of describes the infp experience somewhat . of always thinking about the various possibilities and feeling them on a deep level to the point of sometimes being ... yes , actually i have considered it , although after i took the crescent line ( from atl to nyc ) that quickly dashed those dreams ! sorry to destroy your sense of romanticism about trains ( at least ... 1 . ) pacific northwest - i don't care if i ever get to travel anywhere else as long as i get to see the pnw again . i seriously just need to move there again already . ... everyone that i've ever crushed on is a fictional character , so yes . holy shit this is a good album ! why didn't i give it a listen when it came out almost a year ago ? ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sZrtIjfFlKw don't care . : cool : ( i am reporting you to the moderators for the homophobic slur and also for the trolling though ) you could also replace that with douche and it would be just as accurate . yeah good luck with that bro . oh yeah , here's another one : http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lqi0ouvW5u1r26t26o1_400.png nuff said . http://vimeo.com/64941331 wow ... 4 months ... that sounds absolutely brutal ! that's awesome that you are wanting to improve the situation and stand up for yourself . i agree with other posters . you need to find a way to find a ... ... i'm actually pretty good with remembering birthdays . its like a special talent i have . in fact when no one else will remember birthdays ( or anniversarys or something ) i will . i think i do this ... yeah i think you're right about that . you would be less likely to refer to a man's pet as their baby . in fact they may even be offended if you did so . of course there would be some ( even many ) who ... oh snap ! my mind just went to a super dirty place just now ! with all the freud and rabbit holes and all . follow the white rabbit indeed . o . o the best meal ? i guess i'll assume you mean healthy when you say best . so ... to the grocery store we go ! getcha some : - box of organic baby kale or spinich ( about $ 4 ) - strawberries ( $ 3ish ) - ... why do you think you are using them ? we could play a really intense game of truth to dare . truth : how do you think it would feel to die alone ... in a crowd . dare : i dare you to start a revolution .  .. or something like that . more ... dude i f-ing hate april fools day . i am always looking behind me and think that everything that happens to me is an elaborate april fool's prank . i especially hate it when i haven't planned a prank ... nevermind . ok then . hope all that racist supporting works out for you . hope you feel really proud of yourself for defending their right to be racist . pat yourself on the back for that one for sure . nah i got the over-zealous part quite clearly . that probably pissed me off more than any other thing you wrote . the patriarchy has historically used phrases like that to dismiss our concerns and ... yes , dam those who want to go threw life without being sexually harassed . how dare they insist they provide for themselves by working at a job without being sexually harassed ? they just have no sense ... pms is fun sometimes . you'll just be going about your day all normal like then out of nowhere a fuck that dam bastard ho goddam piece of shit and their dam desserts what a poseur he dosen't care ... aquarius sun gemini moon aquarius mercury pisces venus pisces mars virgo rising don't know the rest at the top of my head ! if you're into astrology in any way you might like the podcast ... i'm sorry that you're having such a hard time . for what its worth , the majority of the time i go to concerts alone . if i waited around for someone to go with me i'd probably never go anywhere . when ... dude , i'm having such a good day today . the kind of day where it starts off good just to set the stage for something bad to happen before the end . the kind of day where you kinda hope that something ... maybe people don't change how they act around you because you're smart as hell but your attitude ? maybe you're the one giving off bad vibes ? i mean the very first thing you said in this tread is ... lol yeah . its actually by stephanie mcmillan . she's a really awesome comic book artist who pretty much exclusively deals with political issues . i love portlandia though . they should really write a ... aw man . deja vu . i always get the feeling that i'm going to die or something bad is going to happen when i experience deja vu . : unsure : i know how you feel rocketman 15 . i always though that this was just another weird quirk of mine to be so sensitive to buffets where everyone else seems absolutely fine with . glad i'm not alone ... ... so i talked to my mom today . bad move . long story short , she ended up yelling at me ( yes actually yelling ) and telling me that she dosen't want me to be part of her family and how bad of a ... when i was a teenager ( especially middle and some of high school ) i'd often feel guilty over even the smallest things and they would stay with me for a long time after i had done them . though rarely , ... yes . i could relate to everything on this list , except : i'm not into sweatpants , still love the kids toy section , i don't do facebook , i actually still do cringe ( sorry ) whenever someone announces a ... ok , i would very much like you to draw a song : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=js2wh9saLZk its the lyrics in my signature currently too . the song has a lot of both visual and emotive imagery ... oh come on now . you've got 10,000 bazillion katrillion times the cut jib doing ability than he ever had . never will i forget that amazing night where you took us infps upon a journey into the virtues ... i'm not conscious of what or who i was in a past life but i do think they are real . maybe not a past life in a conventional sense of a human ego that transcends different human lifetimes but they ... http://d24w6bsrhbeh9d.cloudfront.net/photo/4948686_700b.jpg grimes - oblivion i never walk about after dark it's my point of view that someone could break your neck coming up behind you always coming and you never have a clue and now i look behind all ... me too . i like how they can make you think differently about a situation , especially bad ones . for instance , if you ever watched the daily show or the colbert report you know that their show is all ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qOP2V_np2c0 its not a video , its a website : rainy mood i visit almost every day . i like to put it on in the background . sometimes i even layer my own music on top . pretty nice . '