' i used to think i was the beneficiary . hm . i read the type description for all four inxx types , and they seem to fit as they are ( ie . j is j and p is p ) does everyone / anyone agree ? any thoughts ? also , how to convert mbti ® type to ... agggh why am i such an istj ? when i was all broken , i though the si would make me stronger , but now it feels like i've dug a ditch to protect myself and got stuck in it . my ditch turned into a rut ... he's the best . when i'm around him , i feel like we're almost mirror images of each other , but like i've forgotten to be that person that he is , because i was too focused on pleasing the feelers ... thanks :D * hug * ps : i have already realized the ridiculousness of the whole situation and texted him a rather tearful and apologetic text and called the whole thing off . he said it was ok , ... my usual list : meat ( chicken drumsticks , chicken wings , or beef ) bread potatoes carrots onions apples well at least i'd know he thinks i'm good company . :D but yes , i see your point . i think ( expect , project , could be totally wrong ) that he's tense enough about the whole thing that he might just ... ps : i just found out ( on wikipedia ) that to resolve a double bind , it is helpful to use a metacommunicative statement , which i think means to point out the double bind . ie . i should ask him : hey , ... grrr grrr grrr grr grrr it is so frustrating that i cannot decide if the fact that i'm curled up in a fetal position crying for most of the last two days is because i have not eaten and slept ... hi , i wasn't sure if you were talking to me , but i can't find anyone else whom you could be talking to , so i will reply : no , we don't live far apart . i don't really know if he likes me . and i am ... f * ck f * ck f * * * ck f * ck f * ck f * ck i am falling in love with a guy who already thinks i'm not altogether very dateable , and so far i think i've been doing a great job of hiding most of my flaws from ... i'm sorry , looking back , i was incredibly rude , and you were absolutely right to call me out on it . i meant no offense , i mean i guess i was angry , thinking about my ex ... but i swear i didn't ... isis , who wanted me to report back :D , and everyone else who's been answering . so , i called my intj last night . it was interesting . all in all , i decided to consider it a success , in that yes , we ... happyredux was she intj ? ( based on your description , could be any of the introverts really ) i am an infp , been dumped by an infj ( some fe is in there ) , and it sucks . so if you want any ... my guinea pig is either isfj or enfj . i can't decide since she spends all her time alone , no other guinea pigs , so i'm confused about the i vs . e . she's not mean enough to be an esfj nor is she ... no , i want to be alone for a while ( month or two ) and i don't want him to think this means i'm not interested . but if i show interest now , and then withdraw , he might become annoyed with the ... i am making chicken soup . yay yay . i was recently thinking of becoming a researcher , asking people on the street questions sounds much better than selling them stuff . but i have no idea what the pay is or what the work actually looks ... 1 ) is there anything i can do if i want to date an intj , just not right now , and i want to make sure he doesn't date someone else ? 2 ) when i finally ask him out , how should i do it ? a ) ... :D :D :D congratulations . i always figured that liz was an intj . made more social by the influence of all the female feelers around her ( is there any other t in the family , apart from liz and the dad ? maybe mary , but that's ... ouch , i missed that completely . ti dominant , you say ? se secondary ? but ... he's not enough of an asshole to be an istp ! ( yes , such wonderful logic on my part ) can we at least agree that ron ... i want my relationship to be perfect , you know , just right , i can see it in my head , how i want it to be , with me being the perfect angel who protects my loved one from all harm , and he in turn loves ... 1 . three favorite activities writing , reading , watching tv . 2 . place you feel represents your essence . where would we find you ? whether its at the beach or in a library . the library , but ... i'm a leftie libertarian , but i vote right-wing in my country , because our left suuucks . on the compass , i am about three down and three to the left of the middle . pretty centrist , really , but ... oh yes , perhaps it would be more useful to share knowledge as opposed to a traumatic personal tale , so here goes : an infp's approach to sex is described as such : the infp views sex as an ... and with that comment from entropia , i am off sex for another few months . no seriously , i know only too well what you mean , i think sex is one of the most damaging and emotionally scarring ... er , have you considered the posibility that her guy friend is not her boyfriend ? why else would she use that strange way of phrasing it ? yes , she lives with him , but maybe they're just roommates ? it ... ok , let's then narrow the conversation to hugs given by people of a similar age , social group and a decent level of cleanliness . i'm sorry but as for the diseases ... i can understand if we were ... ah , the intj . i think i'm interested in dating one . ( i wonder , is rand paul an intj with a moral project ? because that wouldn't be half-bad ... ) i suppose ... it can be very tricky in social situations , not to mention i don't think i have the kind of inferiority complex that would lead me into asking a romantic interest for permission to hug ... oh , i'm too scared to hug intjs , they might take offense and complain about unwaranted touching or something . :-/ am i the only one who dislikes se types ? all types with se , the extraverts and the introverts . i get along with si types just fine , we mostly ignore each other for lack of anything to say . i ... i hate most social stigmas . i hate the very idea of social stigmas . unless the person threatens you or others , there's no reason to think badly of them . i'm interested , but i'm going to wait at least until january . i need more time to observe him , think it through , and deal with some personal stuff that i need to get out of the way before i start ... confession , i dislike most infps , including myself . maybe i dislike infps because they remind me of my own weaknesses . it's just superficial anger , but it cuts sharply like papercuts . it's not ... i'm pro waking up by cuddling too . we never really talked about it , but i think it was because he wanted to have sex and i didn't . i mean , we were teenagers , and on our second date , he gave me this small wooden statue of two people ... yeah , well , i think i can type based on a photo pretty well . people used to do it on similarminds before it got all virused up and shut down . faklubrejle : lol . i am an infp , you cannot scare me by telling me that i smell great , nor by telling me i remind you of your mother ( have you ever read lotr , that scene where faramir gives eowyn his ... yeah , for me , 8 hours of sleep is a must , otherwise i can't get up . i literally can't . :D i suggest doing something lazy and pleasant right after getting up , like cooking pancakes or ... do you know / can you guess her type ? hi , is there any way i can tell , from behaviour , if an intj's interest in me is more of a sexual kind ( like a one-night-stand or a fling ) or more of an emotional kind ( like a long-term ... omg , type ron paul ! infp ? infj ? in my homeland i vote for the right but if i were american i'd probably vote for the left . or , you know , ron paul . :) so i guess another straight libertarian here , although with some leftie ... ok , now for the why : i like movies that have a fairy-tale like appeal to them , and a story with a moral behind it , where the character undergoes a transformation , or i undergo a transformation while ... er ... yeah . i'm not really a movie-conaisseur , but based on what's on the tv and what's in the family's dvd-library , from english-language movies , i'd say ... the magnificent seven , platoon ( i ... cautious is good . i had been under the impression you guys were just extremely picky , almost to a fault . i underestimate the infj in that they always seem so vulnerable and emotional , i seem to spend time both trying to match their emotionality and vulnerability and it seems i overdo it , and it doesn't ... thanks :) i am starting to see the problem . it seems i underestimate infjs . '