' i don't know if anyone else is a fan of her ( you've probably heard her music used on all sorts of commercials like squarespace and several movies ) , but katie herzig ( grammy nominated ... so glad to see a jane austen thread up and running ! i've been contemplating the types for awhile . this is what i've been thinking : pride and prejudice elizabeth bennet - infj 4w3 mr darcy - intj ... kinda late in the game here in responding , but my typing was based on the original source material , rather than the movie--it's been rather too long since i've seen the cuaron adaptation ! as i was ... booksandbutterflies : i remember the nanny ! and i adored that show--and that character--so much . i don't remember much ... but i * think * she always had a quick , smart retort , no ? i'd have to rewatch ... hmm ... interesting ... i actually see a lot of those characters as ixfps , but that's just me . :P well , whether frodo is an infj or not ( he always seemed isfp-ish to me ... ) , it's a huge compliment , to be ... ahhh , interesting . thanks ! i would have predicted that sixes and sevens are the most common and maybe eights and fours the least , but perhaps not . :P bringing this back because i think it's still a fun topic ( obviously i'm biased though , since i created this ;) ) . i think sara crewe from frances hodgson burnett's a little princess is definitely ... i have a feeling this has been done before , but i couldn't find anything on it . :-/ so uhh ... be nice and just answer instead of snapping about creating another thread , please ? :) just as the ... aha ! i am not alone ! ;D wow . this is exactly what i was thinking when i mentioned poc infjs . funny how you thought you were an intj for a long time , too ! i honestly don't know how well my ti is developed , but i have some ... aha ! you got me . ;) i'm mint chocolate chip , for the record . ;) anyone else ? yup , that would be person of colour . :) i totally hear you about being an nf and growing up in a ( at least in my ... agreed , agreed . i think disorders often distort functions . infj fours ( that i know ) are fairly laidback ... at least , compared to this 1w2 . ;) i think race / cultural background plays a huge role . being ... sorry to double post , but this thought just came up ... my function order has te ( a shadow function :P ) much higher than ti . theoretically speaking , going off of what eyegazer said , strong ti-infjs ... i can definitely see this , yes ! :) taking one infj i know , she seems to have really good se ( she likes thrills , i think ... ) , so i have my doubts ... and she can be talkative and likes to put on a show ... ningsta kitty : wonderful , wonderful insight in your posts ! thank you ! i completely agree--i can always relate to infjs online . outside ... ehhh . i wonder if maybe we just present ourselves differently ... this is really interesting . thanks ! :) your friend sounds like a really sweet and talented person--perhaps what i would imagine an infj to be like . i know of a couple , but both are kind of active ... i have a feeling that this topic has been repeated time and time again buuut essentially it boils down to this : how similar or dissimilar are you to other infjs ( preferably ones you've associated ... birthday : may 25 sign : gemini ( but i relate more to taurus , i think ... ) it's difficult to say , because too many zodiac descriptions utilise the barnum effect ( i literally did once see a taurus ... i don't know if this helps , but i have a friend who has tested as an infj ( but i have my doubts ) and , just by my own typing alone , she seems like a 7w6 . extremely confusing to type . i have a feeling ... hmm , i'm surprised no one else tackled this yet ! i just saw the 25th anniversary edition , so i won't be going off of the book ( i want to read that ;D ) , but i found them all tricky to type for some ... i love this webseries . so . freaking . much . i have to marathon the more recent ones , but as i watched the first twenty-some eps ( i think i only got to around twenty-three ? ) , i started typing them and ... haha , i always wonder about this as well . i'm a 1w2 so / sp , which i don't think is * terribly * common combination among either ones or infjs . how does the enneatype and mbti type mix ? how do they ... agreed ! i was just talking this over with my mom last night , funnily enough . i think , at the very least , there is a higher chance for introversion among oldest and only kids . oh , and i'm an only ... the stuff i learn from my ni is just ... inexplicable . i've tried putting it in words , to no avail . and when i do , it sounds dumb and insane ... and almost a little schizotypal . o_o but yes , patterns ... oh , yes , i see ni as one of the most dynamic of the functions ( i'm biased , of course ;) ) , and when it goes to its fullest extent , it does seem kind of mysterious and even , yes , magical ... but the way ... even just physically being in place ... i don't know , it feels so odd to me . ack ... most people do just take things at face value , don't they ? :P it's very hard for me to fathom people doing that ... i ... ahhh , so i'm not the only one who thinks this ! thank you ! and that is a fantastic analogy . i completely agree . maybe infjs need to start writing infj descriptions , instead of people of other types , ... ( to be honest , that title bothers me because it's grammatically incorrect , but if it were , yer wizards , infjs ! or yer a wizard , you infj ! , it doesn't have the same ring to it . and technically , ... yes . i completely agree . i do like to hear various people's opinions , just to make sure no one feels left out or that the leader ( usually me :P ) isn't ignoring them , but oftentimes , i'll have a ... the doorslam is most certainly not reserved for infjs only . i've seen isfjs do this , and i think enfjs do this as well ( though less passive-aggressively than ixfx's , i think :P ) . i think it has to ... you know how i think better in the shower , get all those positive ions going ? ( sorry , i couldn't resist . i just saw this movie last week and couldn't help thinking , gpoy when he said that ... oh , okay , thank you ! i see it now--it was hiding from me , haha . ;D yep , definitely ... * coughcoughmyistpdadcoughcough ;D * no indeed ! i'm with you on the dream-meaning bandwagon . :) your dream kind of reminds me of the first one sargemaximus shared , and i believe he had said that characters like criminals in your ... hmmm ... that is really interesting ... i can see that about ti , haha ( no offense , ti-dom / aux ... but among the few i know irl ... that's pretty accurate ;D ) . do you have a link to this ? or are there other ... fantastic . these examples are awesome , guys ! :D i think i'm very much chart-the-course of all of them ... except i don't really like how ctc is painted as domineering and controlling , because the ... fortunate coinky-dinks , you mean ? ;) i think i've had a few happen ... actually , i've had several coincidences happen to me , and generally only with a few select people . i usually try to figure out why ... interesting ... i thought fi was the function more likely to be able to tune people out more easily , and fe would have a more difficult time doing so ? of course , maybe other functions can help ( or even ... hmmm ... well , personally , i see dream dictionaries as a pretty good place to start off of , at the very least . apparently , dreaming about a queen has to do with your intuition , and i can definitely ... i find interaction styles to be a fairly easy and somewhat reliable way to really narrow down your type ... it's not always fully accurate , but it does its job fairly well . anyway , i wanted some ... introversion is typically my highest score , or at least my second highest . well ... i definitely cannot work with voices in the background . i can only focus my full attention to one thing at a time , ... it doesn't happen all the time , just once in awhile , like what emerald sea said . i get a lot of gut feelings about things that will happen , sometimes for things that won't happen for months , and ... sorry it took me so long to reply , raichan ! :( agreed . though ti probably balances out things even better ... or their insensitivity , i suppose ... :-/ #pessimism actually , i wasn't ... tbh , i'm not sure whether that would be considered a good divide between fe and fi . it could just be the way they were brought up , which i think can play a great factor on how differently or ... i've experienced something like this with my dreams , too . when i was young , i think i was always petrified that i would get lost when my parents would take me out , say to the mall , so i would ... hm , thanks ! i want to look into that now ... i agree , an object can have different meanings depending on the person . i've had dreams about people i didn't know personally very well but thought about ... i don't think this is a dream you should worry about too much . i actually read somewhere that infjs , because of inferior se , tend to have a lot of dreams about this , since they often feel a sense of ... you're welcome ! what you're describing sounds a lot like ne ( which i noticed is a very well-developed function for you ) ... all the sjs i know have a very great concentration span . sometimes , in ... yes ! i do exactly that . for some reason , when i picture myself socializing with others , the girl i imagine is me doesn't look anything like the real me . and so it's always a huge reality check when i ... no problem ! :) the difference between talkativeness and interest in conversing is that one can be chatty ( or talkative ) but not really be interested in taking part in a real conversation , say where ... introversion - 96 % judging - 95 % feeling - 80 % intuitive - 73 % so ... ijfn ? i'm curious what kind of description can be generated for twenty-four different infj subtypes . :) ( on the ... '