' about a month ago , i was playing in this basketball tournament at the beach and this pretty girl and i mean pretty girl interviewed me afterwards . my teammate who was my ride thought ' screw it , ' and ... i got a few , may add some later . movies the hurt locker : about a bomb disposal unit in iraq , but focuses on the psychological damaging effects of war on soldiers . not much in terms of a story , ... 1 ) my family 2 ) my ( like 8) close friends / teammates 3 ) basketball 4 ) dogs 5 ) japanese culture 6 ) jamaican culture 7 ) the smell of the ground after it rains 8) walking outside at night while ... all right , i'll give this a go ... wolverine : istp ( but around 60/40 for the t / f balance ... he has a real soft spot for the people he loves / close to ) gambit : xxfp ( it kinda varies from writer to ... a toss up between the marvel universe ( either as a mutant , alien , badass normal , something like that ) or the mass effrct uninverse . you know . before all of the dying happens . ... i'm a bit ... allright , i got one . about two years ago , my teammate were at a school softball game to support our school against our rivals . my teammate knew two girls on the opposing team and after the game , ... i miss my friends . while i feel that the prototypical ' alpha male ' is a tequlia-shot-drinking , tight-shirt-wearing idiot , i think an infp alpha male would be far different . for infps , some ' alpha male ' characteristics ... yeah , i deal with the gender roles thing from both genders . it can get annoying at times . while i tend to do things one considers ' manly , ' i . e . , play sports and work out ; the trying to ' score ' and ... have a few hip-hop artists to suggest for infps : the roots - probably the best hip-hop bands ( probably the only hip-hop band ) out there . each album they put out has it's own unique feelm but you ... every day , i feel like i'm just distancing myself from everyone . when i moved back home , all my friends from school were telling me how much they missed me and to hurry back . my old friends from ... hmmm ... i've never cooked anything like dinner for two ( or even one ) , but it's not from lack of ability ; merely lack of experience . i never really got a chance to learn , but i plan to in these ... wow ... i feel like i'm really different from most of the infps here . i am insanely competitive . i think because my childhood was in the beginning of the participation trophy era , i used to cry ... all right , 10 things about me ... 1 ) i'm severely left-handed . i'm surprised i can hold a cup without dropping it . 2 ) in my entire life , i've only ever asked two girls out or asked her for ... i tried the initial vodeo ... 47 seconds . i was white-knuckling it by 30 . that was cruel and unusual punishment , forsakenme . i'm not doing the camo black ice challenge . i tasted it once . i think i ... i love animals . haven't had a pet since i was a baby , when my granddad ( who was living with my family ) had a giant bloodhound named bubbles that i used to ride like a horse . i wish i had a dog or ... i came across this page yesterday . it has some very poignant and amazing photos taken throughout history . 40 of the most powerful photographs ever taken * warning : eyes may get misty and / or ... all right , i got one . i think it was my first basketball game at home my freshman year in college . i was the first guy coming in off of the bench , so to stay warm ( keeping my body warm so i ... i'm not sure i could do it . killing another human being in the name of an ideal ? no thanks . i think i could bring myself to kill someone ( or an animal ) to defend myself or another person who ... i can't get this song out of my head . ( it's a good thing . ) i keep picturing two people singled out in a dark nightclub packed with people , dancing to the music ... their bodies moving like ... to you , ms . lachesis : with that conversation i had with my female friend , she wasn't necessarily talking about women in general . just the women i will have the misfortune of being around because of ... i think i'm what you would call a hopeless romantic . i have only had one relationship ( 3 months ) , and it was great ... until it ended anti-climactically with a text from her saying we're done . other ... fact : there are , on average , 180 sesame seeds on the bun of a big mac . fact : the sun is 330,330 times larger than earth . fact : the united states produces more tobacco than it does wheat . fact : a polar bear can eat up to 50 pounds of meat in one sitting . from what i can tell , some folks here on perc aren't big fans of hip-hop . not that mainstream stuff on tv . hopefully this song can show folks a more positive , more down-to-earth part of this music ... i turned 25 at midnight . and i look back on this past year and see where i've gone . i went from living on my own , figuring out how i'm goin to finish class , stay in shape to play ... i do this a lot . outside of probably two of my ( relatively ) close friends and some of my family members , i have to dumb myself down . a majority of the time , people have a certain expectation of me ... while there are very interesting points about the positives of an open relationship , the majority of people i see attempting to enter anb open relationship are say something along the lines of : you ... i've been in romania for about a month and a half , and in general , people have been very nice , but an incident that happened last week that reminded me that some people in europe are overtly racist ... i'd like to think i'm good at sex . or at least passable . only had one partner in my whole life ( es_j or es_p ) and she loved it . or maybe she was just a really good actor . well , at least she was ... in my 24 years , i only had one girlfriend ( i think an es_j ) who i dated for three months , who then got bored and broke up with me through a text message . other than her , there were two girls i knew ... wow , i love this topic . i was born in jamaica , and moved to the u . s . early in life . i 1st lived in new york , where being from another country can be seen as interesting or can be a conversation ... i have had people ( mainly guys , straight guys , i believe ) ask me a question like this at least once a month because i'm so tall ... hey because you're so tall , do you have , like a really big ... honestly ? i'd make sure i'd be the last one in . then , after about 10 minutes of somewhat awkward silence , i'd open the front door and have the 100 or so puppies and kittens i brought with me run ... i recently found out that the family of a female friend of mine ( at least her mom and older sister ) consider me their surrogate son now . from what her mom tells me , she ( her daughter , my friend ) was ... wow ... there are a ton of weird experiences for women , but not many for men . might as well add my two cents . because of how i look ( 6 ' 9 black guy ) people always , always assume i play ... left-hander here . my dad saw that i was using my left hand when i first started learning to write and tried hard to make me right-handed . and for some reason , i started writing my letters backward ... i gave it the old college try and watched three episodes with my teammates . i felt nauseous afterwards , so i read a book ; i felt much better . i understand why the show is appealing ( train wreck ... i'm not religious ; apathetic agnostic is what best describes me . though , since i've been in college i've been exploring different religions and practices that what i was born into ( baptist ) . i ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-31e8Nlujw i was raised baptist , but started questioning the concept of religion at 5 or 6 when i was asking questions but getting no answers . example : there was a kid in my sunday school classes whose arm ... it gets better , no matter what it is to you . while i wasn't a target for physical bullying as a kid ( was always a head taller and more physically imposing than most ) , most guys would talk smack about me because i was really easygoing . until ... congrats on your 3000th post and finding love in your life . i don't post as often as i feel i should - why , i don't know ( self-conscious , maybe ? ) - but its posts like these that give me the postitve ... i've been told ( on several occaisions ) that because of how people tend to trust me so easily and implicitly ( yeah , that's a good word ) , if they were in my shoes , they would consantly be manipulating ... sometimes , i feel like screaming myself hoarse out of sheer frustration with the world . been in la for almost 15 years . mixed feelings about it . i listen to any type of music ( always open to suggestions ) , but i've been on hip-hop since the end of september . two albums have been playing on my ipod non-stop : phonte's charity starts at home ... i've been called wierd as fuck by most of the male population . women , however , have called me : different unique genuine really , really interesting they only say stuff like that when they're ... posted earlier , about a few hundred posts ago , but i have to get this off my chest . everyone i know is telling me to hold off on school and play basketball overseas . the thing is , i kinda don't ... '