' i agree with demtrae . i value my privacy and the peaceful atmosphere of my home . i don't have time to make new friends and i don't need anymore superficial acquaintances . i'm usually busy most of ... portrait of my grandmother . oil on wood . 18 ' x ' 24 ( 2016 ) http://i1376.photobucket.com/albums/ah15/alcazardan/IMG_2303.jpg low seratonin https://youtu.be/qPNa9KD4Y_k a float tank session a huachuma retreat in the amazon jungle a female traveling partner a trip to barcelona a kamancheh ( instrument ) a pomegranate dyed silver hair , radiant green eyes . yeah i do that . it's a way of organizing my thoughts . before a presentation or speech , i like to explore every possible scenario just in case . it's also apart of my creative process , two minds are ... http://i1376.photobucket.com/albums/ah15/alcazardan/IMG_0703.jpg the chaotic and sublime ( hidden in allegory ) 18 ' x 24 ' oil , blood & goldleaf on cradled wood panel . this and another painting ... i just watched a movie titled what happened to monday the other night . it's a sci-fi action thriller film set in a dystopian future where the world is overpopulated . there's a law in effect called ... thanks for the kind comment . i actually created a group awhile back to discuss those type of things . if you click on my profile you will find it in my groups . go ahead and join if you'd like . i will ... james marshall jimi hendrix 1942-1970 ( guitar player , song writer , performer , innovator ) simply put , he's the greatest guitar player i've ever heard and one of the best musicians in history . he ... among the circle of friends i hang out with : istp , estp , entj , estj , intj , xstj i spend hours at museums . in a sense , museums where like art school for me , that's where i learned how to paint , i learned what makes art good and worthy of being preserved at museums . it really set ... this digital painting is incredible . i like the shaman figure and the distant sky . very psychedelic . it reminds me of bit of my past ayahuasca visions . all your work is great , keep up the good work . thank you . this was done a few years ago when i was in a totally different mind state . i embrace fi . btw that night lamp is really cool . awesome idea , i've been thinking about making functional art ... ' aura of anxiety ' . the top one is an oil painting the bottom is a digital reference of what it will look like when it is completed . i decided to change the entire concept of the painting .   ... i can never fall asleep on mushrooms , my mind is always racing with interesting unexplored ideas , i could also hear a voice speaking to me under these states of mind . it's very interesting , i'm in a ... no i never heard of dream incubation . i've only experienced an obe once , it was the same night i had a lucid dream . it was induced by psychedelic mushrooms . i ate 4 grams one night around 7pm . i was ... when i don't smoke cannabis i have supernatural dreams . they're constant , some are pleasant some are unpleasant , but i always take something from every dream . i believe there's a hidden message to ... yup you're right , i don't care if they get fucked up in prison . but don't assume i don't want to make the world a safer place just because i don't agree with dismembering people for their crimes , i ... i was expecting for somebody to comment some shit like that .. i should have elaborated further . true , rape is in a sense dehumanizing . i agree that it causes potential physical harm and on most ... girls : iryna ziba kali kazumi lilith galeana luna no , as much as i despise rapists . dismembering and dehumanizing somebody is far too extreme a punishment , in my opinion . i don't think any human should have the right to do that to another . there's ... duncan trussell's family hour tangentially speaking with christopher ryan psychedelic salon podcast last podcast on the left ari shaffir's skeptic tank infj my favorite guitarist 1 . jimi hendrix 2 . paco de lucia 3 . joe pass 4 . wes montgomery 5 . al di meola 6 . ritchie blackmore i don't see why you shouldn't . sounds like this crush might be mutual . go for it . http://i1376.photobucket.com/albums/ah15/alcazardan/IMG_0544.jpg here's a progress shot of that still life painting i was working on a few weeks ago . it's about 72 % complete . oil on wood ... http://i1376.photobucket.com/albums/ah15/alcazardan/IMG_0475.jpg found this drawing i did my final year of high school . titled overdose me lol . tabula rasa . we are all born a blank slate . i agree that we inherently have the potential to be good or evil . that is our human nature . i think a person is a product of their environment and ... https://youtu.be/u-B6eHc8G_g constantly in-between home and where i'll be . light separates the space . i feel the cold against my face . i know i'll be there soon . don't worry , i saw it too . hahahah . your examples . there's word for that it's called apathy . personally i wouldn't want to be that way . you got to know when to not give a fuck , that's all . the only apathetic people ... i'm glad they cancelled it . that show was trash . it was slow with no plot whatsoever . but i agree with her being an infj , a 6 type , a unhealthy compulsive lying infj . i think the only good thing ... actualized type : infj ( who you are ) introverted ( i ) 57.14 % extroverted ( e ) 42.86 % intuitive ( n ) 58.97 % sensing ( s ) 41.03 % feeling ( f ) 54.05 % thinking ( t ) 45.95 % perceiving ( p ) 50 % judging ( j ) ... haku - spirited away nausicaä and lord yupa - nausicaa of the valley of the wind ashitaka - princess mononoke afro and young jinno - afro samurai jin and sara - samurai champloo kikyo and ... just let the people you would like to live with know you need to be left alone sometimes . most people will understand and won't bother you . i'm introverted and cherish my solitude but it is nice to ... it's a oil paint color . it's a cool black . sorry if that was confusing , i tend to refer to colors by comparing them to paint names . it's more precise for me . i realize now not everyone is ... i have thick , ivory black hair . it's down to my coccyx . i'm fond of long hair , i've been growing it out since high school . howl & yubaba's meeting http://i1376.photobucket.com/albums/ah15/alcazardan/IMG_0490_1.jpg studio ghibli fan art . oil on linen . http://i1376.photobucket.com/albums/ah15/alcazardan/IMG_0490_1.jpg why can't you write your own feelings down ? what emotions arise when you attempt to ? why is it frightening if it is just you ? surely you must know the answers to these questions if you look inward ... first off , sorry to hear about your health problems causing you a prolonged absence in school . on another note , it is a good thing you acknowledge the fact that you have it pretty good compared to ... 39 % influence 25 % steadiness 23 % dominance 14 % compliance i'm very fond of infps , in fact infp ladies are my favorite . shy , dreamy , and full of love . truly a rare breed of women . i tend to gravitate toward shy people at social gatherings . the people that ... . change the way you think about your reality . it seems you loath waking up because you're forced to participate in the external world . you are a part of this physical world and as adults we must get ... https://youtu.be/_2tQ2CV7lXM lol . i don't even think purple is a natural eye pigment . there trolling you comrade . people have nothing better to do than post lies on youtube comments hoping somebody will buy into it . welcome to ... this video is bullshit . mere click bait . there's no way a video can abruptly change the melanin in you're iris thank you ! i very much appreciate you comments ! i definitely intend on pursuing a professional career in art , but i still have much to learn before i can produce art at the level of expertise that i ... smoke what ? every stoner's answer . cigarettes - sometimes , when i drink mostly . cannabis - yes , casually hashish - yes , often for it is my favorite wax - not anymore , too harsh for my lungs ... crislikestar i only know one other infj in real life and we're kind of similar as well , we like painting and appreciate the often overlooked beauty in a lot of things , i believe everything can be ... '