' are there any enfp's that are incredibly quiet when you first meet someone or a group ? this makes me question my personality a lot . i've been like this ever since i could remember . what are some ... i think he's the asshole type , whatever that is . interesting . i only know a few esfj's but i do know one esfj that winded up leaving our rather large social group because she didn't feel like she was getting invited out , even though we invited ... hey everyone , i have just recently changed jobs and now i'll be working at an insurance company full-time along with my video production program full-time . i've always worked part-time when going to ... hey there ! i have several best friends ; i'm an enfp type 7 ( so / sx ) for reference . roommate / close friend i've known for 8 years ; isfj enneagram 9w1 best guy friend ; enfj ( personally one of my ... omg , lol i had an estp fling up until a month ago and this sounds eerily familiar . that shit takes some sacrificing . the se and ti can be so damn conflicting ! if you analyze it too much your brain ... my parents were an entj-infp couple for 21 years in total . they worked at first and i believe money was the one huge thing that held them together like glue . they had no similar interests . my dad is ... finance , accounting , and laboratory work . anything with a lot of seclusion . the short answer ; being an enfp 7w8 with so / sx i can't tolerate awkwardness too much . it's mainly if the individual is being inappropriate in a situation that doesn't call for it at all . aka , i'd say ... notalone i would honestly say to not look into it too much . it sounds to me that she really appreciates you as a friend . if an enfp happens to be very comfortable with you they will be very ... i think this is true for the most part . however , in my experience i think from dating extraverts vs introverts i would rather be with someone who is extraverted at least at my age of 21 . i have high ... rocky horror picture show : crazy : ixfp , really leaning towards n . * watched your second video , if you need a person to talk to let me know . also if it helps , i'm going through a bit of a freedom / the world is my oyster type of phase so i am living a lot more in the moment and not having as much anxiety of what i do . we will see if it ... i used to / have qualities of enfp . i use to be idealistic and then i started to rethink those values ( te ) . i'm just not much fi , far too outgoing to use it enough . i've accepted the world as it is . se ... xsfj , enneagram 3 , so / sp are my guesses . my question is in regards to ti . do you usually need a lot of time to yourself when using and working through ti ? especially at a younger age ? the estp i hang out with drives me up a wall because ... depends on so many things really . i could see how it's a fit . i went on a date with an intj and i'm an enfp . it's been casual ; mental connection is on point and he's really great to talk to about ... all opinions are welcome . which typically comes first for you : work , or play ? play lol it always comes before work . which describes you better : carefree , or intense ? i'd say i'm pretty ... as someone who has dated an intp for 3 years : give them their space . ti users need this . especially dominant / secondary users . extraverts can have a hard time with this . do not force ... lmao so true while i waste time on reddit . my entj dad is definitely out in the real world getting shit done . he barely knows how to use the internet so that's accurate . where are you guys ? i wanna date an entj . now . notalone how has life with the enfp been going since we all last posted ? hope all is well . fi only makes me more anxious , indecisive , and self doubting . i don't use it as much . not sure what everyone elses experience is with it . ni i find also can create a lot of anxiety . estp-adventurous , intelligent , spontaneous , always wanting to go out and do something new . the fun relationship . :) istj - the meeting of the minds , in the opposite cognitive function order could ... trust with just meeting people or trust in seeking a potential partner ? as an enfp , i have little to zero trust issues with meeting people . i just don't become very attached especially at first ... as an enfp . i was convinced that she liked you to be honest . i am not nearly that forward in both friendships or with a potential mate , so even that threw me in for a curve ball . it can be difficult ... i'm not sure if i'm an atypical , more mature enfp , on a constant tertiary loop , or maybe even a different type entirely at least from your descriptions above . i know for certain i'm exxp without ... update : everything was going well . i didn't recognize that i had feelings for him until 2 maybe 3 weeks ago . he and i hung out incessantly and basically did everything together except call it a ... hey folks , i've been studying mbti and cognitive functions for a while now and as informative as it is , i've been having an issue figuring out exactly what is going on with my type . i've been typed ... the one thing i can highly respect of the sp's is that out of all the sub types , they tend to have less anxiety than others . i'm sure it's due to the whole live and let live type of attitude that i ... how old are you both ? she needs to get over it seriously . she should've been over it the day after . it's not even that big of a deal . he sounds like the intp i used to date who was incredibly fascinating on a mental sense but damn , i had to drag his ass out of the house to do shit with him . not only that , but i had enough ... kyusaku i will very soon . i think he suppresses his emotional feelings in regards to love so it's a bit difficult to even get a consistent answer with him , unfortunately . like it's more difficult ... great question actually :) i used to hate being touched so much as a kid and even as a young adult until about a year ago . i'm 21 . my parents really never showed affection in a physical sense so i ... enfp's should only get married to someone that is as invigorating and interesting as themselves . it's the only way it can work . enfp's always crave what if and the possibilities of things aside from ... i picked estp , entj , intj , entp . estp-mainly for fun . i think it'd be nice to just to have a crazy adventure filled relationship with someone of the estp variety before ever settling down ... someonesmom best advice is to run from this guy as far off into the distance as you can . he's bad news . he seems like he's emotionally / mentally unstable and i can already see you getting jerked ... i wasn't asking so much on if it could work as much as i was asking if there is any type of indication on his end , that there is possibly something more than just a physical / sexual connection . i'm an ... revenant you seem to pretty sure . what in particular gives it away really ? well , obviously i will . i wanted to hear some feedback before speaking with him . he's pretty anti-commitment and then proceeds to tell me that he'd like to be in a relationship within the year since ... how did you come to that conclusion , fulgoreakuma ? any and all thoughts are appreciated . estp's i've got a couple questions in regards to the estp ( 7w8 ) i've been seeing over the last month and a half . i'm an enfp ( 7w8 ) if that helps as well . i met him and we had the intentions of just ... my father is an entj enneagram 8w9 sx i believe and i'm an enfp 7w8 sx . i absolutely adore my dad and i've only come to appreciate him as of the last couple years . he and i used to clash a lot ... warning : cusses like a sailor , is very impatient , and is incredibly independent . wow ! i can't believe this thread was continued from 2 years ago . after further analysis , i've learned that my dad is an entj and my mother is an isfp . i'm very close with my dad still and don't ... after taking my long hiatus from perscafe due to school and work , i'll finally be back on tinychat next week . i hope you're all doing swell . : cool : justicetaylor i think it's good to have expectations but to be flexible . it can be easy to get pushed around with zero expectations ; but one can also build up a huge wall and become close minded ... from the few that i know , i've realized that it's a terrible idea to insult an infj's intelligence . i like and relate to what you wrote a great deal . i'm dealing with the same issue in terms of college ; my major is cognitive neuroscience . i'm currently finishing up prerequisites to get accepted ... '