interesting , might be unrelated but i just happened to be watching a documentary bbc iplayer - horizon : 2011-2012 : do you see what i see ? last night about colour . while i had read about it before it ... you could always take a playboy ( or equivalent ) in with you and do a handstand . of course you only have small time window with which to accomplish your task . here's a simple conversation that will help you socialise . you : i was reading about this tricky problem and i'm stuck with it . him : what problem is that . you : ( describe some difficult problem ... what evidence do you have to support that statement ? but isn't your concept of god based on what is outlined in a book written by man ( who can lie ) . two that come to mind are valhalla rising , crazy eights . in work i do some computer modelling of various systems so having extra variety in the languages you know can allow you to speed up certain applications . also if the uni i went to is anything to go ... hi , welcome to the crazy train . given that you mentioned that you are now dating an intp , i was curious and wanted to ask you how you met . did you do the standard kick his front door down and follow ... currently trying to improve my c + + programming so i can interface the multi threaded nature of labview programs with parallel processing of cuda . reason : wanna see if i can , plus improving my c + + is ... does changing them from being indifferent to you to being rather pissed off with you count ? yea i do it quite a bit as well but for me it's only an external facsimile of what i do with my own ideas i . e . i come up with and idea and then spend the next few moments trying to destroy it , if it ... because we were given a serial port and everyone else got usb . don't know if anyone's mentioned it but sherlock tbh i don't know if it's a great compliment . even tortoises get complimented about their speed by a snail . i did this a bit when younger but now i just mostly take it apart in my head . i only resort to actually doing it when i can't mentally figure out how it does something . i find it's cheaper this way ... jennifer_p i think i'm in love , i didn't know girls like you existed . as for me , it's cheap and comfortable . jeans with t-shirt and hoodie style jacket ( with or without the actual hood ) or ... the american version ( with a bloody z ) is in urbandictionary so that's good enough for me . you do however sound like an old english teacher of mine who one day would praise shakespeare for making the ... efficientise however e . g . i've efficientised your toothbrush , however it may explode . ohh and ' explode ' , there's another one . tis what i thought when i read about your friend . have you tried being sarcastic to him , i mean start of with subtle sarcasm then ramp it up to something like ... either playing a harp or getting anally probed . depends on who beams me up . i would have thought extreme t would be more schizoid like than psychopath . isn't slide 3 wrong as part of the orange portal that has entered the blue one will have emerged through the orange one . this t shaped cross section will then pass through the portal and then come ... but isn't giving sex ed as opposed to abstinence only , going against this point . granted i'm not too knowledgeable about how it's implemented in the us but i would have thought that it would be to ... but isn't that the case with everything , though you can narrow down which one it is by trying to eliminate the other variables in the problem . that was why i suggested looking at other countries ... wouldn't mind getting a link to that article , there is a difference between causation , correlation and coincidence , given that a lot of factors have changed since then . in particular the internet , ... these 2 are important . also the constant drive to prove either myself or others wrong ( or at least only right in certain circumstances ) general leads to a gedanken . if you want any business ideas ... might be replying to an old topic but ellen always seems to start discussions as to what she is . while most people seem to agree that she's in * p , they seem to argue over the t / f bit . so if you ever ... i am wuvable , i just can't help it . don't resort to crayons , they only end up eating them . don't mind him he's just being a dick . in a discussion , decide that attacking the other person is the same as attacking his argument . start having a ' discussion ' with him and then as soon as you have made your point go back to checking ... conceptual : 18 adventure : 15 practical : 15 social : 5 the next question is what are your cost and reliability requirements . for example , if you want the system to stay below a certain level you could buy a heat plate with a low thermal inertia linked to ... ahh now these are important details as having a liquid in it means that the action in question can't be too quick as you get splashing . if it's on an oven / heated surface it can't be easily lifted ... i might have missed this in reading through the post but is the cylinder made out of wood or plastic as the density seems quite low . any further info available about the problem . sorry but intps like to have all the knowledge . that and i'm nosey . occasionally i can be too lazy to point out why i'm right . mostly when i just agree that they're right , it is when people point out i'm wrong for some ' obvious ' reason and i realise that on closer ... tried the testcafe one and got : right - 51 % left - 49 % so i guess i've got the most balanced brain so far : happy : . it a pity though that both sides are nuts : unsure : . what subjects are you having trouble with ? in general when i learn something i start with the big picture and initially ignore the details . in other words i produce an image of the process that's ...