' apparently i was told by one of my bosses today that i don't interview well , as in job interviews ( i still got hired for the position , as i had been working a different position at the same place ... i've been having an intimate relationship with an enfp woman 28 years older than me , and i think i'm falling in love with her . i have no idea what to do but i wish i could be with her without being ... but we are one of the most loyal types , infps are the martyrs for causes they believe in . i think we'd be good at protecting information . i'd rather die than reveal someone else's secrets . i think i use it sometimes to appear less serious when communicating with people who might interpret my words differently than i intend them to . it seems to give the conversation a more casual , ... plato the symposium , a dialogue about the philosophy of love , is one of the most beautiful books i've ever read . romantic era - 1800s http://youtu.be/0uxoKo2SYQQ rachmaninoff , mahler , liszt , schumann , brahms , tchaikovsky ... :) . i love the academic world . i plan on staying in it for as long as possible , and hope to one day become a professor . i think it's a fantastic place for infps , since we can study our passions ... can infps have casual sex ? i don't think i really can ... physically , yes , but not emotionally . i prefer to fulfill my own needs if there's no emotional connection , but when i'm in caught up in ... thank you ! it's my favourite singer , kate bush :) . i think she is an infp as well ! intjs very much :) . used to be ... life gets in the way though . even the ... ketchup with cucumbers ... part ? why , nice to meet you too :P . apparantly i'm too intimidating that i don't get approached by guys / girls my age ... i'm also really critical and idealistic ... and mature for my age ... and i often prefer books and ideas to people ... i'm still hopelessly stuck in limerence and it's slowly tearing me apart . limerence is an addiction and it's ruining my life . it was a wonderful feeling to begin with and made me an overall better , ... i'm still hopelessly stuck in limerence and it's slowly tearing me apart . limerence is an addiction and it's ruining my life . it was a wonderful feeling to begin with and made me an overall better , ... this is absolutely brilliant . i also see fitzgerald as an isfp . i think that at this moment , confronting her or telling your parents might cause her to lose trust in you for invading her privacy . have her moods or behaviour changed at all recently or does she ... some people just aren't very good at replying to things quickly : ... happens to me all the time and it's completely unintentional and doesn't have any hidden meaning . usually i mentally respond to ... i think that i have a type that i'm inherently attracted to , and gender just doesn't seem to matter . byronic hero - television tropes & idioms byronically , i've actually met more women who ... yes . it's a method of self-preservation for me . i don't trust very many people , nor do i connect with most . and i care a lot less about this than i used to , so i suppose i am a bit apathetic as well , ... - say one thing to someone and not suffer the ( negative ) consequences , what would you say ? i would tell the person i'm interested in my feelings . and assuming i wouldn't suffer negative ... while i canx 92t have you , i long for you . i am the kind of person who would miss a train or a plane to meet you for coffee . ix92d take a taxi across town to see you for ten minutes . ix92d wait ... oh limerence , how i love and hate you . you make me act like an impulsive fool or an avoidant coward ... i just can't win when it comes to dealing with my emotions - _ - . just started college last week . i have no friends :| . i just feel so detached from everyone that i've met so far . no one has really clicked with me yet . and people always say that college is the ... http://youtu.be/Hxd2-qmQix8 i've been feeling a bit out of it recently , so i've been listening to a lot of portishead . it seems to help . i don't exactly feel depressed , but somewhat numb and ... intj the mastermind you scored 25 i versus e , 20 n versus s , 100 f versus t , and 100 j versus p ! your ideal romantic partner is known as the mastermind . as a romantic ... enfp 65 % extroverted , 37 % sensing , 14 % thinking , 62 % perceiving this has really been bothering me recently . it's frustrating because of how complex the whole system is , so it's difficult to not be a part of it or to change it in any way . i think the only ... i would identify as pansexual . i think it's theufeff deepest form of sexuality because it transcends physical bonds . pansexual is loving love . over the years i've come to realize that i don't fall in ... i found this very encouraging and hope that it will become easier with time :) ! thanks for the encouraging and helpful reply ! you're right , i think a lot of it has to do with being introverted , ... i hate children . i work at a summer day camp for 6-10 year olds and it's slowly draining my soul away . children are energy vampires . they literally suck the energy out of all the adults around them ... cognitive process level of development ( preference , skill and frequency of use ) extraverted sensing ( se ) * * * ( 36.6 ) excellent use introverted sensing ... http://youtu.be/3diz8I0AVVk beautiful , ethereal ... i listen to this on repeat :) . this article about desire vs . love just melts my heart : jeanette winterson this is a great article written by author jeanette winterson which highlights the differences between the two : jeanette winterson . would it be possible for one's cognitive functions to somehow re-order ? hypothetically , if personality were able to change , it would seem more likely to switch between types with similar ... does anyone else enjoy liking pages and constantly keeping your interests updated ? honestly , it's my favourite feature of the site . for some reason , i feel the need to compulsively keep track ... severus snape . 1 . i would probably lie and then find an alternate way to pay for my textbooks . spending the money on something else was irresponsible of me and i would hate to lose her trust ( or for her to not ... gin & tonic - clean , crisp , cool , and classy white russian drunk and making out with my pillow because it is too hard to stand and talk to real people :( . mmmmhmmm , shameless . wish it was her but i'm a bloody fool at the moment , oh god , why am i ... i love raves ! even though there are a ton of people , raves can be for introverts if you fully absorb yourself in the music and lights . it's not as draining or overwhelming as some may think , as the ... i don't use pick-up lines . i usually just stare into the person's soul and try to send them telepathic love energy , silently hoping that they'll intuitively pick up on my feelings and reciprocate ... even if being homosexual was a choice , why would it be an illogical one ? are you assuming that all intjs look for relationships / partners solely to produce children ? because i'm sure a lot of intjs ... this might not be as exciting as some of the other suggestions ... but since it's extra money that you can't decide what to do with , why not donate it to a charity that you support ? i like to ... my life is defined by falling in love with fictional characters > . > severus snape - harry potter bellatrix lestrange - harry potter marla singer - fight club v - v for vendetta rochester - jane ... i've been picking my courses based on how hot the prof . is ( as well as ratings ) since there are so many different time options for the same course . can any of you intps come up with a riddle whose answer is basement ? it's a bit unusual of me to ask for a riddle to an answer , instead of the opposite . it's part of our senior prank and i'd ... in that case i would like to pose this question to intjs : can anyone come up with a riddle whose answer is basement ? it's a bit unusual of me to ask for a riddle to an answer , instead of the ... '