' if you live in the united states , you may want to consider that we are the largest quaility gun producer in the world . companies like colt , smith and wesson , remington , springfield etc . if guns were ... lets think about the history of all weapons for a moment . rocks , sticks , swords , etc . etc . i think it is safe to assume that we all agree that during the history of the human race , we humans have ... what are you like 25 ? pretty too . there are two types of all types of people ; the good and the bad ( and if you're bad then you can add in a third type which is ugly ) i usually stick to the four nts . but to pick one other than my own it would be infp . what about the clinical uses of these drugs . i think that these chemicals can prove to be useful ( in some cases ) for the treatment of depression or even substance abuse . many people that have ... you infp's are all beautiful and awesome . : blushed : i agree . that is a very good observation . however , there are things that i have experienced during my flights , that i have spent countless hours thinking about with my sober mindframe , and i still ... it's fine ! if he is in fact an intp i would think that he appreciates your interest in his thoughts . most of my thoughts are never voiced because i feel like most people would not care to hear me ... my n is my strongest attribute , but i am very good at picking up details . it probably has to do with the way i was raised ( by an istj father ) and a multitude of other life experiences . nobody else huh ? yes ! ! pschadelics all the way . religion ? or do you mean the manner in which i choose to live my life to preserve a healthy conscience ? i maintain a christ conciousness , but am open to many things like shamanism , and buddhism and ... it sounded good before the talking part . my social skills may be inferior but my intelligence tells me that i just cannot pay another person to genuinely understand me . also , one who would ... i tend to think that we intp's are more receptive to lateral thinking than others . partly because we usually take an observer position and see everything from afar . now , what if we could move ... first i would like to say that i apologise in advance for asking you all to do some reasearch for this topic . if you do not feel like doing so , that is ok , but i am very interested in , and value all ... any intps care what others think about them ? i'm always trying to maintain a level of respect and be looked upon as normal . i dont know why , it's impossible to maintain this facade . 99th percentile of what ? any intps here actually give a damn about keeping thier homes tidy ? i do . that's our way of checking the level of your intelligence . we wouldn't want to waste our breath . no hard feelings : tongue : youtube - jason becker - altitudes haha i like this : crazy : oh but i am an animal . dream job : farmer , inventor , college professor , reasearch scientist , male underwear model . actual job : student the answers that we are all looking for can be better understood with the use of psychedelic entheogens . : wink : this is a good question . if plant life has no eyes , and we can watch a sunflower follow the sun , and light also helps our body produce vitamin d etc etc .. can we then assume that light can be sensed ... i actually hate scrabble , i'm ok at it but i prefer chess . i think the questions we must ask ourselves are , what is consciousness ? and where does it go ? these can be theories or beliefs . take an ice cube for example . its solid , then it melts , then it ... i would normally have no problem posting my pic on here but i just cant do it . i will however send you a pic upon request . honesty is the only thing that can truly fix anything . come clean with him before he finds out anyway . confession - im only writing this one because i want to get past my first 15 post's tonight . i would have to say anything other than math . ya so where can these creatures be found ? i want one . i agree completely ! i'm not socially incompetent , but the majority of society is just flat out incompetent and don't even know it . who ever said that sheep were supposed to be white anyway ? i am the youngest of 3 . i wish i could try it out , it just seems to make sense . the problem is that i dont know any intp females . i dont think i even know any other intp's . why do some young people ( early 20 ' s or even teens ) have salt n ' pepper hair color ? it mus be genetic . it's usually a sign of aging , but why so young ? hmmm , must just be a really old family line that ... - people who do not wait for me to get to the point before they assume to know what im talking about . - lack of philosophy in public schools . - people who can't seem to keep thier feelings out of a ... yet you still remain very attractive ! i hate when they ask me a question that they really dont want the true answer to , because im going to tell them the truth and they are going to cry and then its my fault for being honest when they ... i come from a very similar family background as you , and you do bring up a valid point , but i must say that in this day and age i think it would be safe to assume that many other types also had ... '