' i would be interested in this ... i've done a lot recently in pushing my comfort zone so i might as well continue to snowball . plus i'm a big fan of being able to get instant feedback from people ... the amount of support i have found in this thread is literally making my throat well up with thankfulness for what you all have said . i have started my first relationship ever at 19 years old and , ... i'm holding an inner grudge against a guy in my dorm just for stealing my pink starburst . as a gamer myself , i must be honest that hearing video games being linked to violence upsets me . i am a very gentle person myself , but what needs to be looked at is the evidence . my professor ... congratulations ! u200blucky bastard ... i used to be an over person , but then one day i decided to sit down and lose weight while the toilet paper was under and i discovered the magic of it being under . i reached for the toilet paper on ... too many compliments in the thread ... so ... uncomfortable . ahh who am i kidding compliments are awesome . anyway , back on track . my male friends ( which are the equivalent to best friends to me ) ... not even if i could live a thousand years . i am more skilled at writing , and with reading i am terrible at comprehension . it's not that i don't understand what is happening while i'm reading , it's just that i forget the details of a story ... if you are going to thank people who have responded to you with agreement , then you should thank people who have responded to you with disagreement . all or none . blue beam the negotiator you are a peacekeeper , plain and simple . only the most dire of circumstances will make you draw , much less use , your saber . the serene color of your blade matches your ... i'm generally too worried about interpreting the inner world of others to create and carry out a fantasy-land for myself . when i do create things in my head , it is usually about imagining a ... thanks for making this post , you did all of the work for me :) . but regardless , i'll talk . a couple of days ago , i was sitting through a discussion in my english class , and some people were trying ... from a current perspective i'm more opposed to having kids . one fear that i have ( although i know it's fairly irrational ) is that i'm scared that having kids will somehow wear down the relationship ... loud music does tend to get annoying after a while , but one thing that also really bugs me is music that i can only barely hear so that i am only able make out about half of the lyrics . i need a ... i'm actually playing now as i read this thread ( laptop and desktop right next to eachother ) . leveling my undead priest up to 85 right now . got cataclysm for christmas . shadow for leveling , but i ... striver / achiever overall does not fit me very well . both of these descriptions have attributes that i personally would consider shallow . visual and critical analysis are important to me . critical analysis is what really ingrains the information because i need to make it connected to other information , but the visual part is the ... i just feel proud , because i predicted 80 % of people would say no : cool : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ANWRhyp-RcM i would like to research romantic love and why people choose one person over another . possibly publish a book on the topic that presents the research in a fun , informal , reader-friendly way . i remember every single dream after i wake up . last night i had a dream where i was kayaking down a river at night on a race against multiple teams . it seemed like the race took an hour and my ... i'm a big world of warcraft player and i've played for , what , five years ? other notable games for me include , team fortress 2 , battlefield bad company 2 , the paper mario games . i also love the ... right now , being 16 and a junior in high school , i'm jobless and just focused on school work and some extra-curriculars , though i may end up getting some summer job just to get something onto my ... just brainstorming here , but there seems to be different groups that i can reveal my internal self to . the groups are ... strangers : strangers i don't really have much to say to . when talking to ... if you knew me , you would know that when i pose the question , how are you ? , i am expecting nothing less than to hear the truthful answer . i am here to listen . here to experience sadness and joy ... you are an interpersonal thinker interpersonal thinkers : like to think about other people , and try to understand them recognise differences between individuals and appreciate that different ... i think i'm a fairly healthy / balanced infp . i live a life that is basically drama free and i almost always look at the future with an optimistic eye . life's pretty dandy at the moment . i am very afraid of death . the four main fears when it comes to death are the fear of the process of dying , fear of punishment , fear of the unknown , and fear of annihilation . the last reason , ... i agree with the name agnostic atheist and i think it is a better demonstration of what self-proclaimed agnostics really are . also , i agree with complete religious tolerance , but it is also hard ... this is one of the frustrating points in my life and i feel drained and crappy after a day of fitting in with others . then i tell myself that i'll go a day just being me , but end the end i'm too ... the two guys that i hang out with the most are intp and isfp . the isfp has a very developed n and so we all basically talk about philosophical things and psychology a lot . we have really connected ... i am into a wide variety of music , but only a few artists from each genre . i still haven't put my finger on what exactly makes me love the music that i listen to . but my favorite artist is john ... i'm glad these video's have had such a positive effect on on you , mystery . i get what you're saying about not feeling as alone . being able to share with other infp's almost feels like having ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=esmJ_NauTi8 fallen , this is exactly how my father is like at the moment . i am also an a and b student , but all he focuses on is that the b's should be a's . when a report card comes back all i hear is criticism ... this seems like a really good idea to me i've been thinking about doing videos for a long time ... but it's finals week and i have to study ! i'll get to it eventually : laughing : i agree with what you've said from experience . i've been conversing a lot with an enfj girl at my school and also through online chatting . i really want to get to a deeper level when talking , but ... i got a 17 on the hsp checklist , which i'm fairly comfortable with . i sort of like being more sensitive , and i don't think the score is high enough to affect me too damagingly . in simple terms : i think pornography is fine . also , if women porn stars feel degraded i'm sure they don't have to participate . porn is an industry . it's not rape . if the sex was non-consensual ... i vary rarely cry and it sort of frustrates me . i am able to feel intensely , but it would take something extremely tragic to make me to cry . something a little strange i do every once in a while is ... like : passionate enjoy listening to others when they need it spontaneous i meta-process often friendly my love of love my love of psychology independent i really relate to most of you said . i'll do this thing in conversations where i'll say to myself in my head , this is actually going well and isn't awkward . the very second i say that i go back ... hufflepuff - 15 ravenclaw - 12 gryffindor - 10 slytherin - 6 i've taken this before and got hufflepuff last time as well . i like the traits of hufflepuff i just wish that house had a cooler ... oh my god i agree with you 110 % . one of my best friends is an intp , and the majority of our conversations turn into meta-conversations . and meta-conversations is the one thing i can successfully ... i don't plan on getting married unless my future love feels like she needs it . marriage seems too institutionalized and like a contract to me . when there's no binding it gives a perspective of ... sometimes i will try to act normal in public to minimize conflict or attention , but i definitely know that i am not normal : cool : being single is pretty tough for me , but i have remained single up until now ( i'm 16 ) because i know the rarity of serious relationships at this age . i'm just trying to wait out these high school ... s would be it for me . i just can't seem to connect with them . i don't really feel like disclosing myself to them , because i feel they won't understand me as much and just give me a strange look . ... just popping in to say i would have laughed my butt off . my best friend is an intp and he will do stuff like this that is totally random ... the more people that look confused and get quiet , the ... '