' oh come on #idontthinkso .. our cute little mouse is making an effort to come to us .. don't scare him away immediately , let's play a little more first . or are you bored already ? is the bored cat that's giving a mouse that keeps walking by under his nose a whack making an effort ? hmm , actually never thought of it that way . meh , still don't . arrogant mice are fun . me ? effort ? did you see effort somewhere ? and feel ? uh : no-thing no thanks . one word summary : nothing . or maybe : death . maybe . oh dear ... we actually have an intj trying to out-troll an entp . with googled memes . don't you have some lonely science project to tend to today ? nah . now that i know i'm talking to a frog i'm no longer interested . well all of us , every single day of every single year for every single 11 year old we run into . what is hogwarts btw ? that's true , we tend to read into people on a rational - and with fe developped also their emotional - level . it makes us capable of seeing things from their perspective , and even debating them from ... am driving the best of both those worlds : a sports convertable . decided to skip motorcycles ' till now : i'd kill myself laughing and then regret that later on . i'm not fully sure about the entp female < > infj male dynamics , as i'm an entp male . emotinally immature entp's will have problems in relations with infj's , especially if those are young and ... you mean me ? well i just love me .. obviously . as long as i'm around it can't . and when i'm no longer around i can't . 1 . i can be friends with any type , as long as they respect my strong individuality , and don't regularly plague me with irrational nonsense . for serious romantic relationships i've specifically ... mninp : you're making this thing sound like work ... :d ry :: dry : was just explaining how it looks to other people ;) simple : kill your pillow , go to bed . sleeping is so much better on those when they're not moving . if i actually had forumposts auto-read to me the computer-voice would probably sound like that yes . we love both war and people crying . we = pure = evil , don't even try imagining how much :) was begging for a sarcastic answer -> got prayers answered immediately . much obliged ;) an entp feeling responsible for everyone ? ? uh , nope . we entp's do our utmost about feeling responsible for as little as possible , unless we actually care or absolutely have to :D generally if we ... have a different experience in that regard . my mom is enfj and when i bring in my ( young ) female infj friends they pretty much fall in love with eachother every single time ... tried it with 3 infj ... nope ... i am . and she's a dragon during ;) because when we then thank you it makes it extra special . we like extra special ;) i've shown you that plenty but you either reject it or just don't see it . i suspect a combination of both . i should have expected that , and actually i did very early on in our conversation if you ... enjoy your continual looking for those incredibly rare fairy-like air-floating intuitives spouting mystcal poetry and looking for ancient objects to idealize . this is actually getting ... : nope not going there . in summary i've rejected both the rigid description / understandings and dogmatic application of the e / i functions-theory . the rest , including reasons why and examples ... you're talking to a real life intuitive but just flat out refuse to learn anything from it . well then : stay with your cherished but rigid beliefs and understandings about them . that i can see the ... hahaha , it wasn't a little disagreement .. more like a meltdown .. we were far too deaply involved with one another and emotions got way out of hand :D i wasn't leaving this discussing over you being ... i've read it . congratulations , you've aparantly found yourself a real life caricature of an enfp , that has absolutely not developed and even rejects her te in every way . she indeed sounds out of this ... : i've gotten into quite an emotional fling with an intj once and it didn't end well for either of us due to rash decisions taken by us both . it happens , if you push my core enough ... i've ... : oh dear , is that really all you've gotten from all those things i wrote down ? plus you've actually missed those things i ( and even you yourself ! ) pointed out where her n shows through ? ... haha , i actualy expected that one , you don't disappoint . aparantly you've been missing that i've considered and debated the alternatives proposed , then rejected them one by one , and have used several ... that might be your perception of ne . your perception and the one described there by arkigo's is only the extreme and rigid caricature of ne as described by the funtions theory . to give you someting ... that consitent individualistic temperament can't be attributed to fi , as from my list only the infp is an fi dominant . the intj is an fi tertiary . all the others ( infj , entp , intp ) are fe ... : affirmative , what the joker does is exactly how entp's process information and act on it ... and ' coincidentally ' i fully understand his rationale , temperament and way of thinking too ... so ... & : from these clips ( can't open the warehouse 13 one ) i can't judge their characters , but i'm not seeing classic entp as you apparantly do , and from what i've seen i don't really ... as stated before : those function descriptions of ni < > ne and si < > se are far too rigid . i flip-flop ni / ne at will and use both functions . same for ti / te . i see the same thing with fi / fe users , e . g ... then we are going to disagree :) you are attributing merida's actions to irrational emotions and internal moral ethics . i am not , as i'm attributing them to tought out and well considered ... yet i see people fit their formula's quite snug . as said : the people i've typed ( quite a few ) and asked to do a test ( or two ) have up until now never returned with different letters then the ones i ... looking at the the description you give of your sister i truly wonder if she's really an esfp . this is generally how i know esfp's to be : looking to interact with / in groups and good with those groups ... i know many sp's ( they make up quite a large piece of society ) and wholeheartedly disagree . both sj's and sp's are often found in for example the army and the police as careerboys there . sp's often ... : haha , no that's not it at all .. i'm certainly not going to be hurt or offended over a discussion on a message board , and believe you are fully entitled to your opinion . it's just that ... there's a bunch of things wrong with both that theory ( and / or dogmatisms ) around the functions ( in this example : ne / se ) , then with the way it is applied and then with the way you guys are ' reading ' ... i understand the functions dear , i also understand how they work together .. as i understand them they fit in with mbti quite perfectly . if applied correctly there is no seperation between the two , ... as stated : i'm far more interested in practical application of mbti , and it absolutely works in the real world . people , especially intuitives , generally immediately recognize themselves in it after ... anyone can do quick wit ? are you kidding me ? let me rephrase : almost no-one can do quick wit when compared to an entp .. they only believe so up until the point they try to actually compete . entp's ... i have found those character descriptions to be largely accurate irl . i added this later-on , but you missed it in your quote . talking functions , she uses : ne / ti -> for quick wit , future ... i'm wasn't talking about relating to her .. i'm talking about her functions being the very same as mine ;) about the exxp we fully agree . it's possible the things i've posted don't matter to you , ... let me put it like this : her way of perceiving the world , response to traditions and responsibilities & opinions of others , her verbal responses , lack of respect for authority , and her way of ... merida is clearly an intuitive : completely spontaneous , free spirited , against tradition and rules , self-seperated from the heard / hoard . i think her either enfp or even more likely : entp with ... this sequence of posts makes me actually * think * you're an infj ... i have several infj friends and both the subject and the way of approaching it sounds exactly like stuff they'd contemplate ;) ... why are we even having a debate on functions ? the above scentence is pretty much the core definition of a j , and pretty extreme at that . the whole fact that you - as a t - are still so bothered ... exes generally refrain from stalking me , so that helps ... seems you've run into a seriously messed up f : he feels bad , so he's going to make you feel bad . doesn't sound like you're having the usual ... '