' from what you've written so far , you sound like a type 5 . at-risk youth time or money ? i'm a 9w8 4w5 7w8 sx / sp . i'm generally attracted to 9s , 8s , and 4s with sx or sp variants . i agree with . cynosure though , that the variants are a big deal . under the black flag : the romance and the reality of life among the pirates , by david cordingly i love this forum . whenever i have a question , i google it , and find my suspicions to be validated by you people here . i'd happily eat everything with my hands . =) more time or more money ? yes actually . i feel safe in general in life . i have had many a friend / boyfriend / mother shake their head at me . like , oh , poor naive little thing . and i'm smart enough to realize they are ... hmm .. i don't know , but you sound like a really interesting / exciting person ! :) have you looked into the possibility of being a straight up 8 ? based on what you wrote alone , that would seem obvious to me . course i know theres more to it . ;) what enneagram books have you looked into ? years ago when i discovered it , i kept testing equally as 5 and 9 . totally different of course . then i read wisdom of the enneagram by riso , ... hi sherry . :) have you looked into the enneagram yet ? it's the one that seriously blew me away . after a lot of years studying it , i am a believer . ^ ^ welcome to the forum , it's a fun place . lol ! hehehe , that was a great visual . ^ _ ^ much more frequently than a blue moon . okay , i'll look into liverpool . ^ __ ^ i sort of want just a well-rounded cultural experience ... a little history , a little scenery , a little real english life . sounds good to me . =) ... we are having the same week i think . yesterday . i was discussing life with some friends , how it's hard to find the right path , and how it sometimes seems despairingly meaningless . alice fry ? ? lol ! marion papillon hero of the crows the great archives record : intelligent , knowing , wise and shrewd . this winged one was cast from the firmament . well , i didn't mean he has some dark , dirty secret , i just mean , he isn't telling her something , right ? i mean , if he can't / won't give her any sort of explanation , he is either lying to himself , or ... i am surprised by some of the answers / advice given here . if i was in a 9 year relationship with someone , and they would not give me a straight answer as to why i was being kept a secret , i would go ... sounds possibly like a 6 with a 7 wing to me . oh , i know about vietnam . i just don't know enough about the 9/11 thing to know for absolutely sure , but i do personally believe it was all set up for that reason . even still when i see a 9/11 clip ... adventure ! ! ! i've seen a few documentaries with people saying that the twin towers went down because of explosives set inside a building . there were also firefighters , bystanders , etc . saying the same thing . a ... ah , i see , sorry ... i only read your first couple posts , i see now that you are wanting advice . i don't know what to say . maybe follow your heart ? or maybe , if you're not sure how to , just take ... do what you want . if what you want is to keep his feelings / wishes in mind for hope of possibly working it out in the future - do that . if that's not what you want , don't . either way , you will do ... i was wondering what that meant myself . so , do people just quit for a while , and retired is just to let us know they're not going to be here for a while ? because if they really wanted to quit , ... i'm an infp . i get lonely when i have no one to share my interests with for a several days or weeks in a row . it takes me a while to feel lonely . i also feel lonely if i have a secret . i hate ... i don't know about others , but i'm an infp . i always decorate my home in what a lot of people might think an odd sort of way ... i like random old arty things . like , my house looks like it's been ... would it make you feel better to know the truth ? it doesn't have to mean anything , but maybe it would put your mind at ease ... you can still chose who you will consider your father . the man ... hey . :) thanks again . yes , i do have a creative outlet in art , and am going to be taking more art classes in january . but ... even with the things i love like art , and i do have days where i feel ... thank you so much strawberrylola . you are right , i feel very stagnate . the thing is , most of my life i've had to work like crazy to support myself , and for a while , a friend of mine . i was ... thanks so much everyone for all the great suggestions . it really does help a lot ! well , i like nature , and history and all that , but in combination with that , i would like to go somewhere ... hi there , so , i wondered if anyone else here ever felt this way ... sometimes the every-day-ness of every day life really gets to me , and leaves me with a feeling of heartache . it feels just ... haha , this one is very true for me too . ^ ^ happy new year to you to . and welcome to the forum . :) i'm an infp myself . that's so cool that you're studying in tokyo ! =) do you know what enneagram type you are ? the ennagram's my ... you sound like a 5 , or possibly a 6 with a pretty strong 5 wing . :) you should look into the enneagram too if you are interested in the way personality typing helps you understand people . i find it immensely helpful for that . i personally really like the look of smaller breasts . of course it doesn't matter at all , but i think it makes your clothes look better , and it looks sort of elegant in a way . ( there are good ... oh yeah ? i had considered bristol , but thought brighton was a little too ... something . hipster maybe ? not that that's bad , just maybe not for a short visit i thought . i'll look more into it ... i have been writing the same novel for apx . 8 - 9 years . i doubt i'll ever finish it , but i still enjoy working on it . :) felt like you were living a lie - yes found yourself absolutely hopeless in interacting with others despite an overwhelming propulsion to do so - no realized you're incredibly talented at math / ... so , in the summer or early fall , i will be traveling to england ( from the us ) for 2 weeks . i have never been , so i'd like opinions from people who live there , or have spent a lot of time there , ... i don't think it's weird when someone brings up stuff totally out of the blue . i think it's real . really formulaic conversations just don't really lead to any real connection or friendship . and as ... i'm an infp , but i'm going to answer anyway , just for fun . hope that's okay . ^ ^ i agree with your quote above . i think all drugs should be legal . there should probably be some sort of age ... first of all , you should try to totally chuck your reason # 1 - not all white girls think that way . i am a white girl , and my attraction , or interest in guys has absolutely nothing to do with what ... i've never seen two and a half men ... but i'll just take your word for it . ;) i just want to say amen to all of these things . there is a lot more , but omg ! i love it ! there are people in the world who get me ! it's all so heart-warming ! ( a lot of these are so true ... omg , this is the awesomest thread ever ! i had a very nice member of this forum write to me a few times saying she was positive that i was j instead of a p . i told her that i really didn't ... woo hoo ! i love everything you said . god , it's so refreshing ! i'm gonna get this printed on a t-shirt . ;) seriously though , i can't wait till this is all a thing of the past . '