' you have the natural ability to sense others feelings and to make them feel good about themselves . this is the quite the opposite from my abilities . welcome to perc ! we can definitely use more isfjs here . yes i'm sure he would agree with your argument . : laughing : i tend to be distrustful of people who i think are trying to be a little too charming . i sense that they are trying to manipulate me and ... it's been very convenient to have an evil twin brother to blame things on . : laughing : i don't remember if he smiled more in general or just for pictures . he clearly seemed to enjoy getting his picture taken and i clearly did not . i'm pretty sure he's an istj like me . we have very ... i don't have a single picture of myself smiling as a baby . my identical twin brother was almost always smiling in his pics . i'm still trying to figure that one out . that pretty much describes me as well and i'm pretty normal i think . istj villain is an oxymoron : happy : one of my best friends is an estj . he's a retired marine drill instructor . welcome to perc . m82a1 ? now that's my idea of personal defense . : laughing : you and i think a lot alike . i think this is more a self confidence thing than anything else . i had much the same problem until i got a job where i managed other people . you learn a lot when you are forced to interact with ... yes that's a worthwhile group to be part of . not to disparage the northwest and i'm sure there a many fine people living there but it's nothing like texas . the ladies down here are generally quite ... there are many but i think the characteristics i like the most about my istj are her absolute devotion to family and her loyalty to everyone she cares about . i know my relationship with her will ... [ quote = narco ; 871317 ] so , my questions are basically how to being talking to the isfj if you don't know who her friends are or anything about her . i mean , i can walk up to her and say hi , but after ... yes we have had conflicts in our marriage . almost all our arguments have been in the area of child raising . she has a strong nurturing nature which at times can be very smothering and ... i think this is si . my isfj wife also has a tendency to keep things that remind her of her happy childhood . i don't keep anything i don't a use for so i think what you are describing may be a ... : happy :: happy : hey i know how u feel . as some people have pointed out , isfj's are a a lot like istj's . i've been married to mine for 24 yrs . : happy : you don't have to flirt with her . just let ... 23 years of marriage for me . i don't regret a minute . that explains my wife's attraction to me . finally the mystery is lifted . : laughing : i don't dance at all although there was that one incident with the fire ants . : crazy : i'm much better at singing . i'd love to try karaoke some time . i'm sure i would be better that most of the howlers ... threats of suicide should always be taken seriously . males are a bit more likely to carry out suicide than females . i think he is in immediate need of professional help . your local police authority ... niss you nailed it once again about stereotypes . i have a 14 yr old son who types as an istp which is really no surprise to me . there are several ways that he does not fit the istp stereotype at ... you could maybe start by working with him to type the personality of some of the people in his life he is close to like maybe his brother , sister or best friend . strive to help to him to see how the ... that's better than most of the ones i've seen on the web for us . i'll leave it to my istj brothers and sisters to further critique . as for me , i'm likin ' it . btw i'm glad to see you're no longer ... i couldn't think of worse scenario than what you described . i'd be a total zombie by day 3 . ouch : sad : hymie was the nickname a co-worker used for me years ago . i really was way too serious back then . that's not irrational at all : crazy : uh ... wut ? i'm the designated spider killer in my household . are you sure your friend is an istj ? : unsure : same here . i have fears like anyone else but i think they fall solidly into the rational ... yes nice touch ... i think the unedited version is probably more of an estj motto which my teacher definately was . as my old geometry teacher used to say : say what you mean and mean what you say welcome to perc : happy : thanks ! i like your avatar . thanks ! some say he's my evil twin . although we can be a real big stick-in-the-mud at times , we do have our lighter side . we are extremely private people so that lighter side comes out to play only if we are relaxed and comfortable ... i agree . toastmasters will do wonders for anyone , especially the shy . here's a trick that works for me : avoid direct eye contact with your audience . instead , look just above the eyes at the ... be careful . the water is a little deep here . : happy : well uh ... not actually . i had an unfortunate accident while clean my pistol . : blushed : i would be honored sir . fighter jets baby ! :p roud : f - 16 and f - 35 intuition ? wtf is that ? sounds scarier than the zombies . : tongue : i built model airplanes as a wee lad . now i work for a company that makes the big ones . :p roud : you need to go down and see the nhra drag racing in ennis . i love the smell of nitro in the morning : crazy : my isfj wife has been known to do this . don't beat yourself up over it . realize that most people wouldn't have even bothered to be helpful / useful in the first place . : wink : welcome . dive on in ! : happy : here's a pic for your pp presentation . 1179 thanks darlin : happy : ... most of your exercise comes from getting up to close the @ & % $ door to your study someone left open for the 100th time . : angry : i'd definitely want you on my side when the zombies come a callin ' : crazy : '