' 1 - how important is self-expression to you ? and how do you go about it ? i feel the desire to express my inner world through some kind of art . as i get older it is becoming increasingly rare for ... hey :) if you ever would like a male isfp to chat to and learn about i would be happy to oblige sp / sx my relationships with other isfps always feel kind of awkward on my end . like i want to impress them so i always worry that i'm too boring or too weird or creepy . i'm never really sure what they ... great , well that's good to hear at least : happy : thanks . i'm a 20yo australian just getting into the industry , and it's been a dream of mine for years to travel to canada or the states to live for a few years at least and explore . currently i'm doing some ... i especially liked the last one . prone to just making random cold hearted decisions out of nowhere , haha . i think that some of the points made earlier on could lead up to that .. like the ... cool :) thanks sent from my iphone using tapatalk oh don't worry , roofs can even be hard for isfp's hahaha . so you would say istp ? are there any other types you think he might fit ? sent from my iphone using tapatalk does anyone else here watch him ? i've seen him be typed as isfp before which i think is wrong . he's very good at the technical aspect of minecraft i . e , redstone mechanics . at the same time he's ... istj i'm pretty sure . it has its ups and downs . i often wish i had more like minded friends , i think i would like to be close with an infp enfp , or even infj . just someone warm and not so jaded . as a fellow fi dominant person , i just wanted to say i can very well relate to your feelings about the world . we make judgments based on how we feel about things more than most . this puts us in a ... y'all use more words than necessary this sounds eerily similar to an experience i've had recently .. if he's anything like me , he's not very experienced in love / relationships , and might have some emotional maturity to reach before ... i get this feeling that it's my place , my role to bring art into the world . when i get inspired , i think my being a 4 helps . i see or hear someone's art and think i want to make this ! . i want ... i feel like i should add that i think my mother is an esfp . she talks a lot . i really don't like that about her , it's like when she asks me to do something simple , she has to blurt out several ... i personally can become very talkative with the right person . yes , it takes a while for me to open up most of the time . if i feel comfortable with you , and feel that you enjoy our conversations , ... today i had an interview at a call center and it was depressing just being in that building . firstly my mother used to work there and has told me many times how shit of a job it is . as part of the ... 212690 http://38.media.tumblr.com/ebe75e581e96909d3eead69b6a54e4a3/tumblr_mmg8spFCRa1qhzegbo1_500.jpg please tell me you did this my dog barking at his own echo at the beach http://youtu.be/YTdCzIduUb4 http://youtu.be/5PFJoNsGnTA ooh , i want a secret 5 % off coupon code :D the dark tapatalk theme is so cozy . dark themes in general are so cozy . i've known this since i was a youngling , and me and my cousin changed the windows theme to a dark one on the household computer . i'll drop everything and buy a one way plane ride to pennsylvania the moment i have the necessary funds . i want your finger tips to stroke my chest , like we talked about . its just so goofy sometimes . and really dramatic . idk , i'm not a fan . heh , i did the same thing with a game on steam ( banished ) . i was so hooked , then i couldn't close my eyes without seeing the game happening on the inside of my eyelids . i even dreamt about it . i ... ugh whyyy ? :P # python cheat sheet by zac a = = b # is a equal to b ? returns true or false a ! = b # if a is not equal to b , returns true a < > b # see above ^ a > b # is a greater than b ? returns true or ... just get brave and do it ! lately i've been stepping out of my comfort zone a little in an attempt to get good at stuff .. i decided i'd try to further my music theory knowledge and such . i'll admit i do feel like i'm letting ... would you attribute it to mbti / enneagram ? is it a challenge that you feel other isfp fours might also face ? as a fellow 4w5 , i can relate to the low self esteem . one thing that seems to factor ... i wish the world had more wilderness , and civilization was tucked away in a little corner somewhere . that would be my utopian world . for those of you who are interested in it , what's your enneagram type , and what health challenges have you faced regarding it ? just curious to hear what my fellow isfps have experienced with this . ... at first i thought i might have been isfp , spent some time trying to learn the difference between infp and isfp , then i realised i was isfp . i think i got pretty lucky considering the way i first ... i feel as though i'm finally getting over my sx / sp conflict a little bit . i spent a long time just being comfortable and lazy and it made me miss my sx side . i don't know how long this will last ... i don't think it's an isfp thing to have a crush . having a crush on someone and not being able to approach because you don't want to bother them or seem flirtatious ? possibly :p greetings , fellow isfp ! i hope you have a lovely time here and discover lots this is a common theme inside my head . i'm always thinking about how things change , change is necessary , movement is life , good is bad , bad is good . usually guilt , i feel like it's my fault more often than not when someone's upset at me . but i do have a tendency to quietly think to myself about how it's not really 100 % my fault and that the ... haha , i love these http://i.imgur.com/rJVqggI.png - snip - if i was a female i would be so easy to seduce . why can't i think for myself during conversation ? the moment a fundraiser person engages me from their booth in a shopping centre , i'm either going ... http://prod.cloud.rockstargames.com/ugc/gta5photo/1624/usZk3xnjEEWVsYhjrgR-EQ/0_0.jpg took this picture with snapmatic on gta online just hang around me and my istj buddy . you would think te is my primary function . fuck playing grand theft auto v on xbox , when is the pc version coming out ? nice car i'm sure it's so ... http://adsoftheworld.com/sites/default/files/styles/media_retina/public/award-posters-final-2_aotw.jpg?itok=5qjsoAyf i don't know man .. i hear they're not exactly renowned for their personal hygiene . i can't decide which life to lead , should i follow my sx instinct or sp . i believe myself to be sx dominant but now that i've recently acquired a job all i want to do is buy nice things for myself ... with regard to my music , i often write something that sounds very much like something i've heard somewhere and my brain subconsciously just goes yep that sounds good , let's use that . this may have ... '