' entheos thank you for mentioning that language will make people either feel closer to you or far away from you . use it wisely . i have been trying to educate my friends about the fe vs . fi styles of ... i don't know what is the average time to make a decision but we are not impulsive at all . we have very good self control when it comes to delayed gratification . some decisions perhaps i could make ... entheos thanks for your thoughts . i originally wasn't referring to the context of a romantic relationship , but i hadn't thought of saying i'll tell you later probably just because in these ... entheos that is interesting how as an infp the go to question is are you okay ? i have to say that as an infj , i don't particularly like this question . i've been asked it in situations where i ... i'm an infj and i have had ( and given away ) many copies of the strengths finder book . i believe my top 5 are ( in no particular order ): belief context deliberative developer positivity but ... lordpixel ohh , i misunderstood what you meant about girls not giving you hints about their interest , as them literally not speaking . but exactly , i heard that some of the most gorgeous models have ... lordpixel well , okay fine ... let's talk about the infp twin then . he had an approach very similar to yours , only dating girls he already knew from school or work ( which is practically what it takes ... eefje hello there , i'm not an infp but i'd like to just share a few thoughts which you can ponder if you like . my first question is , how do you know rick is infp ? i ask this question because many ... 1 . do you enjoy board / card games ? yes ! mostly board games and party games , not so much card games ( sometimes i just can't get into it ) 2 . any favorite types or specific games you like ? i've been ... i can see how some people ( introverts ) would love to go to someone's house and enjoy a cooked meal and then start a long term relationship ( free of bumps and hassles ) . actually though , knowing a ... hmn , well i stumbled across a great post the other day explaining what infp's are all about in bullet form . i was surprised that the main 2 things that light them up are psychology and philosophy ... lordpixel , that reminds me of the one time i entered a dance competition . i went to the fabric store and purchased a print that i really liked and had a seamstress make it into a drape skirt for my ... keeping friends is definitely difficult . i thought it was difficult in my teenage years once we all left to go to different colleges , but it's just as hard now that i'm an adult ( unless we all work ... lordpixel , i think your style of communicating can seem so poetic that i can see how some of us types find it even a bit cheesy . hmn ... but i will say that once , an infp song-writer was singing a ... grad 0507 i can see why you may not open up as quickly or easily with your scorpio influences . however , on a whole if you were charting progressions of relationships that start at the same time , those ... as for the dialogue of how ne and ni argue , i find it quite amusing :p i can remember one time a ne friend who said , i'm sure if you explain to the staff nicely , they'll let you use the elevator ... lordpixel , i did get the feeling he felt he didn't deserve my compliments . ( i try to make them sound funny ... like , i said he's so good at drawing , it's like disgusting . in that case , he laughed . ) ... i also see a similarity between intp and infp when it comes to finding a statement that could potentially be proven false . i noticed on this one poll that most infp's said they felt most similar to ... lordpixel , that's an interesting perspective ... i don't know anybody in a relationship with an entj . aren't they a bit rare ? but as for your notion that women want a man who is easy to deal with ... entheos i see a surprising amount of similarities between us i believe because of our aquarius sun sign . we are close in age as well . i've heard many things say that in my later years i will more and ... lordpixel actually , as an infj ... i would disagree with the whole alpha male thing . a lot of people even confuse what an alpha male is . i had this conversation with a friend recently about how ... entheos thank you for chiming in on the conversation :) for many years , my guy friends have commented that i don't know what i want in a man or life or in general . as a 95 % tested j i was ... hmn , i guess the so's and sp's that i know seem to achieve less than the sx's . some common phrases that i hear them say are , oh well ... and meh . maybe i just haven't really met many healthy so's ... oh wow , another good point that you brought up ... infp is like the most idealistic of us all , aren't they ? and practicality is what i desperately need in a relationship . 5 non-negotiables ... # 5 ... that's a shame ... i mean , i get wayyy too much criticism from society for being a woman who asks out men in general , so now i just am too hesitant . i would hang out with him . we haven't done that ... just curious here , if an infp man tells me i hope to see you soon ... what exactly does that mean ? i mean , can't he like ask me to hang out ? or is that too much for his fi nature to risk ? i have mostly had hair that was longer than my shoulders , but when it became fashionable to have really long hair ( almost to your lower back ) i would grow my natural hair to that length . some people ... in general , men do not respond well to being criticized or when you are complaining while upset . they either go into defense mode ( as if it was a battle ) or they feel deeply wounded . since your infp ... this is a great list ! #20 made me laugh ! i totally agree . sometimes , i say : impossible for you , not for me . but it's not like i can necessarily teach someone how to achieve what they think is ... sometimes , it takes me a while to understand what exactly an fi-user was so offended about during our conversations . in one instance , i was specifically asked my opinions on a subject ( that was ... i remember several instances where if i waited for others to initiate with me , that hardly ever happened so i developed a pattern of always initiating with other people when i was new in a situation ... wanted traits : 1 ) ambitious ( knows where they are heading in life and not just looking to be a hedonist ) 2 ) social & easy to get along with ( if my friends don't like him , chances are it won't work ... i try really hard to make strong connections with people and find that they will still do whatever they want to do and like whoever they want to like ( sometimes excluding me from the group on ... lovable ... yes , finding movies to watch with guys can be a difficult thing . i have a handful of guy friends who actually watch movies that are gender friendly . usually , i end up having to sway to ... hah , you're from texas ! :) i can't stand when people talk during tv unless it is to make one funny comment like she does not think she can get away with that ___ ! i also watch tv with the ... concerning people who watch a tv show together and consider that quality time ... i want to know how long their relationship is going to last . there is a reason why when you date somebody , the dates ... i agree with so many things everyone has said . my experience is that if i'm in an organization or social setting where we meet regularly ( and rely on everyone showing up so there is even a meeting at ... the difference between sp , sp and sx variants is what you pay attention to when you are in a group setting . are you aware of other people's emotions and reactions , are you aware of only your own ... as for the quality time conversation , i agree i want the other person to tell me about news they have etc . but when it becomes one-sided and i realized they forgot to tell me something incredibly ... quality time is also very important to me . sometimes , i have to limit the amount of time i spend with someone so that they don't reach for their phones . i'd rather have a shorter amount of quality ... type sixes , loyalists ... i am curious how important it is to you that your friends and loved ones relate to you according to your love languages . ( please only respond if you are a type six or have a ... i think with the exception of very outgoing extroverts , generally you can expect to have to initiate with people . even people who i already consider my friends don't necessarily come up to chat ... yes , i've noticed how istp's lack in taking initiative and i assumed it was because they do not plan things in general . although they may need more space than most introverts do , if they are ... i think first , you have to truly comprehend what is introversion vs extroversion and what it means to be a thinker vs . feeler or sensor vs . intuitive . check out these links below . it's obviously ... i agree that my vibe from you is mainly istj ( although i can see why you would test infj , but you can't go by an online quiz , you have to take the full-length test and not introduce your own biases ... being a thinker doesn't mean you don't have feelings or are not sensitive . and being a feeler doesn't mean you aren't a rational thinker . i'm a pretty strong feeler and if i were to host a ... i agree with everything wildblue has said . i get exhausted by small-talk questions that people ask me , in an attempt to get to know me . the running joke that i have is once i lived in a town where ... my reply is not necessarily for op , but for anyone who is reading this post and wants to actually better themselves . if you're a guy and you've only asked out 5 women in your entire life ... people began to think that i was an extrovert by the time i was 21 and graduating college . the people who lived in my dorm thought i was extroverted because i am very social and sought them out to ... i think he sounds like an esfp . although i have very few estps in my life , i have many more esfps and they are easy for me to spot . they are quite different in my opinion . the only thing i'm not ... '