' i actually don't like black tea that much . i prefer green and white tea when it comes to actual tea , especially with fruity flavourings . i also thoroughly enjoy rooibos and find myself also being ... i'm sorry to nitpick , but in fact it was written before the lord of the rings ^ ^ ' but as for identifying with lotr characters ... i really admire sam gamgee for his undying loyalty and ... those are called personas . we all have different behavioral models / faces for different social interactions . as kaleidoscope said , people behave differently around different people . personality , on ... the sky could be blue i don't mind without you it's a waste of time from strawberry swing by coldplay . i'd imagine an infp villain being , indeed , like a fallen idealist . someone who has suffered disappointment after disappointment from the world they were desperately trying to change for the better ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0csDv6Zx0mA finland . well ... i love that : 1 . i'm an open-minded and fairly non-judgemental person . 2 . i don't really feel hate towards anyone . 3 . i can cry and even enjoy it , this coming from a male . 4 . i feel ... i'd say he's most definitely sp , esfp would be a rather strong option . i mean , seems kind of unlikely that anyone who walks up to a girl they don't know and tells her she's going to be his ... remember : normality doesn't exist . normal means average and not one person in this word is average . the entire concept is an abstraction at least when it comes to people . nobody is normal . though ... 1 ) what audio gear do you use to listen to music ? - mainly computer speakers or earplugs with my phone , on rarer occasions a dvd player speaker system . 2 ) how much do you listen to music on ... i'm lazy . if i had the choice , i wouldn't do anything unpleasant or bothersome in my life . i don't really even want a real job . i mean , the reason why i want to have an artistic career is if course ... http://i.imgur.com/GtIYl.jpg i was playing with my new webcam around christmas . i , ronnie ! , the great terror of terroville , had a dream last night ; a dream that only i , ronnie ! can speak of . first of all i got to warn you : there will be some adult stuff so no minors lol ! 1 . three favorite activities - acting , hanging out with a small number of people with whom i can feel i share some sort of close-ish connection , running in the pouring rain after a long spell of ... http://i.imgur.com/x5M7R.jpg you want 10 characters ? i'll give you 10 characters . there . happy now ? bolded are the things i feel apply to me : creative , smart , idealist , loner , attracted to sad things , disorganized , avoidant , can be overwhelmed by unpleasant feelings , prone to quitting , prone to ... damnit i just want to heal everyone , but i know i can't . i just want the people who are important to me to be completely happy , but yeah , no way i can do that . and that makes me feel powerless , ... i very much agree with this . i don't find photography a particularly infp-ish art form . as you said , photography mainly has to do with what is already there in the material world , the photographer ... n-a-ha ! neither of you were sure about it , but i still count that as guessing it . so yeah , i'm from finland ^ ^ nope and nope : d worriedfunction , nnnnew zealand ... ? here's mine : vocaroo | record and send voice emails i really like the marimba , piano and mellotron . and clean electric guitar sounds . my highest ones were sensitive ( 12 ) , dramatic ( 10 ) and idiosyncratic ( 9 ) . i can snap my fingers fairly well , with both hands . i can whistle too , though i can't hit really high notes and i can't do it very loudly .. anyone else here who finds inhale-whistling sort of ... kinda down , but still serene . i miss my friend . generous creator , apparently . that was certainly different , and though it did take a long time , it was fairly enjoyable ! 1 ) what is your mbti preference ? - infp 2 ) why is art appealing to you ? what initially got you interested in art ? - why is art appealing to me ... because it's basically another world inside our ... i can totally relate to what starashine said about people becoming more real once we have physical contact . especially when it's a person i care about , more or less . as for being slow to ... ... sees females as superior , puts them on unattainable pedestals and treats them like glass . wow , that sure sounds like me . but then again , i am still quite young and lacking in life ... the scene in which i'd be truly happy - well , i'm either playing or listening to music , i have no obligations and nobody's expecting anything of me . i'm either with a close friend or a significant ... http://badges.mypersonality.info/badge/0/23/234885.png huh ... i was expecting the t / f to be close , but i don't think i'd be 100 % i ... i used to be kind of indifferent about rain , but during the last 2 years i've learned to really like it . i just love walking outside in the rain and getting my clothes all wet and just running ... movies : pan's labyrinth the shawshank redemption the fall full metal jacket i don't know ... v for vendetta ? musicians : i feel like a child . not showing the side we show on these forums is my guess . sad as it is . http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-co2g4lAQSsg/TfSh7dtcrSI/AAAHBc/6rv0VzxdBP4/s1600/natalie+portman+stop+wars.jpg http://alyssalinnpalmer.files.wordpress.com/2011/04/profile-audrey-tautou-2.jpg ... i also often smile when faced with bad news / views i don't agree with / serious issues in general . not sure why exactly is it that i do it , though , as orangeappled said , it's most likely because of ... this really is quite the difficult question to answer . after all , i can't think of anything that would make me happier than love . but then there's the things i'd like to accomplish should they be ... not really a fear , but i do occasionally wonder if people think i'm gay . actually quite often when in the company of others : p it's not that i get into physical contact with other males that could ... seconded . i myself can ( or at least could in the past , i'm trying to work on that presently ) come off as quite aloof , analytic even , not to mention booksmart . all qualities people might not ... i chose devotion , sympathy / empathy , altruism and fairness , as those seemed to be exceptionally important to me out of that list . i also chose other , which i shall elaborate on soon . devotion to ... thank you for the responses ! i know this kind of behaviour doesn't mean i couldn't be an infp , i suppose wondering if i'm really n intp was a bad choice of words , more like i've been playing with ... hello there . i am quite convinced that i am truly an infp , but one thing makes me repeatedly doubt my self-typing and wonder whether i am actually an intp : i am , and have always been , keen on ... now , i don't mean to insult your fandom , but i am kind of under the impression that people who read fanfiction of a series whose fanbase mainly consists of preteen girls often don't really care about ... i went with spiritual discovery . i believe many of the other things on the list will be part of the journey i have to take in order to learn something during this life , as in , they will help me ... 1 . you have won a prize . the prize has two options , and you can choose either ( but not both ) . the first option is a year in europe with a monthly stipend of $ 2,000 . the second option is ten minutes ... a lot of adults have called me mature for my age , especially when i was younger . i guess it's because i've always had a rather large vocabulary , i've never been one for childish / teenager-y ... http://i.imgur.com/yQ1gF.jpg lookin ' young as ever . http://i.imgur.com/WM1oo.jpg pictured in an ironical fashion : timo soini - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia oh the ambiguous symbolism the most recent times i can recall this happening to me were while acting . i participated in the local amateur theatre's summer play and had a rather large role . in many of the presentations , or ... '