' so i was the crazy enfp who last year at about this time was raging on and on about my issues with an intp . let me say i dated an entp for awhile ( terrifying ) and now am dating an intp engineering ... has lamictal really worked for you otherwise though ? i found it gave me pretty bad memory / concentration issues . that's fascinating i wonder if it's the chicken beforethe egg ... also , what's a good way to determine between the traits and the actual disorder ? even though i was diagnosed , i'm still always going ... what medication are you on ? interestingly enough , are a lot of enfps manic-depressive or come off as such ? yeah i used to think i was an entp because of this , but i'm definitely more heart over head ! :) i cannot thank you enough for your help , like i said it looks like he started dating someone else and still wants to be friends . weird .. oh i know about all that ! :D i'm just hoping we can be friends again . how am i selfish ? i'm asking so i can avoid that in the future :) read this - socionics - the16types.info - four quadra the description of the enfp seems really really off , exactly opposite of what it should be . estjs ? this may be a really enfp thing to say , but that's part of what i love about it ! ps , love your username ! hahaha it might be ! how bizarre ! maybe enfp angelas are very alike :) we talked about being honest and he admitted he's dating this girl who we both know ... she's really sweet , a bit demure etc , but a real pushover ( has been engaged , had it broken off and is a real ... i sent all of that to him and he's like im glad you said what you needed to say . interesting because he was going more for the motivational / making life better thing near the end , maybe that's the route to be friends with him again ? the tough love thing is definitely something i feel like is the right thing to do . i may come off as tough doing that but i also understand it ; s the best course of action . i'm mostly just writing ... i agree , entps are bored with most people but when they find one person that they really enjoy , they will be with them to no end . it's like they become cohorts or partners in crime with them i've got one in the entp forum , advice and perspectives are appreciated - http://personalitycafe.com/entp-forum-visionaries/145054-entps-what-they-out.html#post3681720 i'm so sorry , i really apologise about the thread :( . i'm kind of still in a hurt place right now , but i'm sure i can delete it afterwards . if i do want to be friends with him / close to him again , ... i really apologise for the situations it sounds like both of you have been in . it's a really bad bad place . wait can you explain the top part to me ? because i want to know what i did so i don't do them again ... :( thank you so much . that's what i'm doing and telling him that his behavior is disrespectful and i'm not standing for it . you sound like you've had lots of experience with this .. he's absolutely an enfp . i know lots of enfps like him and his movies are driven by his idealism and values . each of his movies is a moral play in it's own way , a teaching lesson of sorts . anyone ... couldn't possibly disagree with you more , especially about pulp fiction . i also hate the characterization of enfps as people who make movies like a coming of age story with heart . nah man . i'm a pretty logical and down-to-earth enfp . life of the party in a mild way , very good at making people comfortable and very accomidating in relationships while still being able to keep up the ... i'm the same way . i wonder if other enfps are like this ? however i do like using hugs as a socially acceptable way to crash into people's personal bubbles . that's fun i would love to ! how do i find out ? i suspect 4w3 but ... is naomi entj ? are you sure you're enfp ? because we can be goofy / silly and i understand you completely aside from the hug thing , but it's less of an ahhh love you thing , i'm more of just a non existent personal ... i mean i can definitely whine ... and nah by all means get it out my man ! .. , but i feel ya , i am not like this nor can i pretend to be . i am not empathetic one thing i've always wondered about me being an enfp ... i don't identify with a lot of enfps on here and irl . my overall experience has been summed up as them being incredibly optimistic , ... same . i feel ya let me know ! i hate this meds stuff ... so unpredictable and the changes it makes to personality are scary D: as a fellow enfp , did you ever regain the fun manic side of you ? okay enough with all these cutesy oblivious add enfps ... what about the dark and complex ones ? ? come on , we're not all like that . we are weird .. agreed . also , he comes off as arrogant , but i think it's just self esteem issues . he's not incredibly masculine and sometimes he protests too much . but ... whatever floats his boat , ya know ? also , ... i'm not sure if i ever want to settle down ... i love that sandra bullock quote though another good quote from satc no the less ... “ maybe some women aren't meant to be tamed . maybe they just need to ... i just learned this is what i am ... i want to learn as much as i can about it ( i did a simple google search but ... ) how do we self-actualize ? what are some enfp 4w3 celebrities ? what are our ... is keanu reeves really an enfp ? i can't tell if he's trying to be pretentious with his voice or not ... and that wouldnt be very enfp interesting thought ... maybe with all this christmas music , shopping , cold weather , and late nights out or what but i'm recently feeling super domestic . i never feel this way . for example , the other ... sounds like highly caffeinated is the way to go ! what would you say the classifications for women are ? very true . what's all this talk about situation with enfp ? dan - infj - yes blair - estj - or entj ... or an enfj coming off as an entj rufus - enfp vanessa - intp jenny - isfp serena - esfp chuck bass - entp ( hardcore entp ... i can't even imagine how ... yes very close . there's your problem ... you only read that part ! honestly i don't haha , i'm very good at getting boys by myself :| unfortunately ... i'm so glad seeing this thread because i feel like this alot ! and even putting on the facade of charm is a really hard thing ... sometimes i'm able to grab a little of it but it takes forever and ... you're definitely right ... how do i find out what that is ? i experience the weird ' oh mgjrigjirejg theyre attractive . then inside ... really small ... uh oh ... here we go ... '