' female , istp . i had all sorts of toys growing up . stuffed animals , dolls , blocks , puzzles , board games , cards , play-doh ... lots of stuff . i had a large collection of nail polish too . i loved all the ... no . if someone expects me to act a certain way or do certain things simply because i'm female , that's their fault . it's not my job to conform to their expectations or feel bad because i don't . i was in third grade at the time , so i wasn't hugely concerned about it . i had stayed home that day and was playing video games in the living room , so i was mainly just upset that my mom made me move ... not really . i compete with myself , try to push myself and improve in whatever i'm doing , but i don't care much about others . i use other people to see what's possible and set goals , but i don't ... all of it . almost . i love food , and i'll try just about anything once . some of my favorites are mushrooms , spicy food , venison , and buffalo burgers , but there's not a whole lot i outright hate ... i love animals . i've always had pets . right now i have a cat and a cockatiel . cats are great . i love cats . cats love me . it all works . i've had my cat for 13 years . she's a big baby and she's ... night owl , i suppose . i like early mornings though , which is why i usually go to bed at around 7-11 am if left to my own devices , or sometimes even later . i absolutely cannot fall asleep before 5 am ... do you always make sure ( even sometimes going out of your way ) to say goodbye ? it depends on the situation , but not usually . i mean i don't just stand up in the middle of a conversation and leave ... uh , well , it's there . it's pretty important . it helps keep me alive . i suppose i take it for granted , so i'll take this time to say thank you , skin , for keeping me alive . i'm glad you're there . how did i find out the guy murdered people in the first place ? this scenario raises too many questions . but ignoring those questions , i'd probably give it to the guy . if i hung onto it , it'd ... i used to play the flute when i was in band , but i haven't played in a long time because it broke . i'd like to play again though . i have a 12 - hole ocarina but my hands are too small to play it ... that's tough . pangoro maybe ? i don't . little kids get a free pass because i'm not a giant asshole , but anyone else is liable to get elbowed if they try to touch me . i did have a friend who i was okay with touching , but we ... i used to write quite a bit in school in my free time , but i haven't done it in a while . i still play around with ideas and occasionally write them down for future reference if they're good , but ... nope . most of the time i don't see myself in my dreams since they're first-person , but i did have one last night where i saw myself in a mirror and i looked normal . i can't think of any other time ... i'm primarily drawn to non-fiction . i loved reading encyclopedias and almanacs as a kid . i don't read a whole lot of fiction . my favorite book is the count of monte cristo , but i like mystery novels ... i had one removed recently that had been bothering me for a few months before i was able to get it pulled . i didn't even realize they'd pulled it . it took maybe 15 seconds tops and i didn't feel a ... i've never actually seen the breakfast club , but i can't relate to that description very well . i got good grades , but that's because i could pick up on things pretty quickly . i did that quick ... i wear my shirt and pants on the appropriate body parts . that's about the extent of my fashion sense . does the istp know the infj better than he knows you ? it could just be a matter of time . it takes me quite a while before i'm comfortable talking to someone on a frequent basis . otherwise i can get ... 4/10 istp i didn't have much of an issue making acquaintances in my classes , but i only had a few friends . there were probably a lot of people who didn't know who i was . i watch a lot of anime , but i could be here all day talking about the ones i like . aside from that i like castle ( the past couple of seasons haven't been so great but i've been with it since the ... i was actually going through a box of old ( mostly school ) stuff i found , and one of the awards my 5th grade teacher gave us had a list of traits on it she used to describe us . she put mysterious ... 4 ' 9 95lbs ( 146cm 43kg ) my three closest friends in school were estp , entp , and intp , and i did notice that my estp friend got along better with our entp friend than the intp , despite knowing the intp for much longer . or ... i know an entp who identifies as a femme lesbian , but most lgbt + people i know don't use those types of terms to describe themselves at all . loved geometry , wasn't a fan of algebra . i love animals . i grew up with cats , and i also have a cockatiel . i'd love to be able to work with wild animals , even if it's just volunteering . animals like me too , so that's a plus . you aren't gonna get pissed at us for actually having a discussion here , right ? i'd rather not have a repeat of last time . but to actually address the topic , i have an isfp friend . it was a bit ... when i was younger a lot of adults used to say i was mature for my age or acted older than i really was , but now it's just , wow , you're 22 ? i thought you were like 12 . i think my appearance kills ... i generally don't care enough about what people say to defend myself . it takes a lot to bother me , and if something does piss me off to the point where i feel like i need to do something , i'm ... i'm currently in a long-term relationship with myself . it's the only long-term relationship that i've been in , but it's going well so i think it'll last . we have a lot in common . i got my learner's permit twice but i couldn't bring myself to go through with actually getting my license because i hate driving . i also have poor depth perception so that makes driving more ... not really . the only rides i go on are the ones that spin . i like the speed of roller coasters and i'm fine with going upside-down , but i don't like the large drops . i haven't done many other ... hell no . i currently only have one friend , and he's an isfp . in high school my best friends were estp and intp , and i had another good friend who was an entp . i love learning and i did well in school for the most part , i just don't like school . it's funny you say that , because that's exactly how i first got into opera . i can't really say if it's type-related or not since i'm the only person i know who likes opera . it's not a thing many ... i wouldn't necessarily say i forgive , but i do let things go pretty easily . it already happened , it's in the past , just don't keep doing it or i really will get pissed off . i've never been to the mountains , and there's never been anything that's attracted me to them either . i love the beach though . i don't go as often as i should for living so close . i love it . yes , you're overthinking it . fun is whatever you find enjoyable and entertaining . that's it . i don't see the big deal . you're in the shower , you're going to wash it off anyway . well , i don't think most people would consider this a dilemma in the first place . it sounds like a social anxiety thing or something . if people smile and say hi i just smile and say hi back . it's ... i don't like birthdays . i also don't like cake , so i haven't gotten one in a while . for the most part , birthday's are the same as any other day , except i'll get a few things from my parents and some ... if you've already tried talking to him and it's still not working out then just leave . for good . obviously you two aren't compatible , and you'd be better off finding someone who is rather than hoping ... i've tried to figure out my nen type before , but i haven't really been able to come to a decision . probably either conjurer or manipulator though , even though i'd pick enhancer if it were my choice ... i've been called both an optimist and a pessimist ( sometimes by the same people ) , but i consider myself an optimist . i don't view realism as a third option to optimism and pessimism . if i were to ... i actually agree with op here , although not necessarily for the same reasons . maybe it's just how it was with my family when i was growing up , but they were frequently expected to pay for whatever i ... tell them . they may not be texting you first simply because you always do . they might be afraid of bothering you so they wait for you to text first . or , in my case , i just straight up forget that ... '