' lol well this is fun i wish we had a chat room i get so bored at night and i never sleep ... i can knock out a 20 page paper in one night from scratch . reply soon and maybe i can help , i'm procrastinating . i'm so great its literally a crime that i don't have a girlfriend right now . it's not for lack of options its just i cant seem to attract anything better than a 7 to any sort of relationship outside ... this got real gay real fast ^ no homo but i think i just found a guy here who might be better looking than myself . i'd like to sugar your tits . hahahahahahahahaha hahahah yes . except i'm straight . lol i'll have a seizure if i watch that gif too much . greatness . same as always . i'm just gonna leave this here ... cause i like you guys . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aaiq7XqpVm4 warrrg what a depressing week . great things are happening but i don't have anyone to celebrate with ): things have been so up and down for me lately . roller coasters suck balls . loneliness is the most painful of all human experiences . if you can overcome it you will be much stronger for it . try to find a preventative health doctor . there are specialists out there who will help you set up diets that will keep you really healthy etc . you'll spend a good bit extra on food but you won't get ... think i finally know who i want to date , and its mutual (: we don't live that far apart so i have hope for this relationship (: she's really great . man fuck my life i had a promising date and it really sounds like she doesnt want a second one . i suppose there will be others but they have been pretty rare lately . people probably think i'm being a dick to you .. wait . ha i want my pilots license yesterday . i want a girlfriend who will leave me alone 60-70 % of the time but who loves sex as much as i do . i'd like a job that i enjoy . i don't really have much to ... lol for my date to be really awesome this friday i beat myself up for being lazy talked to an adorable blonde girl today , she's a double major in micro biology and something else , anyway i was intimidate fuck my life because she thought i was cute . she's my neighbor though so ... learning how to fly it is kind of a pain in the ass , finding the right instructors and whatnot . airplane acquired . i'm getting a fucking airplane . dont tell the entjs they will lose their shit . dont be weak . good quality women everywhere . can't seem to make it work . i dont fucking know , i don't really care anymore . don't know if i ever want to be married , also don't have unrealistic goals for human beings as much as i used to , but i am very tired of being alone when i'm constantly surrounded by quality . we all have off nights as guys , where we just arent that attractive for whatever reason . fml i hate those . i was super drunk so that contributed . anyway , tired of being single ... college - unless you're getting a technical degree as long as you go somewhere better than community college that's all that matters . with those scores you can get a full ride to a good school ... met someone very special here about 2 ( ? ) years ago , we talked / skyped every day for a few months and then lost contact , a few years later we found each other again and it looks like we're picking up ... yep . hello my infp friends , i have some questions for you do you not like parties bars ? because recently i've really just shied away from the whole scene , like tonight i literally stayed home by ... sensitive much ? damn lol thats it ... hide the crazy until its too late . #ivedatedthatchickbefore . this is accurate from experience . damn gets kinda rowdy in here eh ? haha i do i wasn't ever bragging , a few people just assumed i was because they are insecure . regardless i won't be posting here again so you won't have to worry about it . waaarrrg money wtf you rich pos i bet you didnt earn it . hey i sent you a message like 3 days ago ! i mentioned money in the entj lounge and like 3 of them freaked out immediately and started spewing hate . wtf is wrong with people ? why does money make them lose their minds ? ashton kutcher acceptance speech - teen choice awards 2013 ( high quality ) - youtube im just gonna leave this here . god . i don't have time for this . see you ... never . its not what you study its who you know . unless you do law , then you have to make good grades . i drive an 09 370z , nissan is a friggin fantastic deal for the cash . same engines they put in the infinity with a 10k less price tag . besides when i was buying my 2nd car i drove up in a busted ... i don't really care if you're impressed , pissed , poor , drive a horse , have 10 billion dollars , or think i'm a phaggot . take your own advice and deal with your own issues , stop being annoying . i haven't graduated yet , by the time i graduate i will have a masters in industrial engineering , undergrad in environmental and political science . i wont write my whole resume here but its quite ... i'll probably buy a used one with low milage , it depends on the market , and you're pretty close to the truth , while i don't have a trust fund as sizeable as some 0 debt and a 6 figure salary + some ... hey look guys i found a hater . its cool bro you hate from your honda all day ... '