' i am totally objective about my flaws , the ones i see in myself . but i do not want anyone pointing them out to me . no thank you . unless you prepare me gently . because i will take a small critique ... birthdays are for gratitude . on your birthday , you can be grateful that you were born , that you are alive . you can be grateful to your mother for birthing you , and your father for contributing half ... two intjs on a date . plan the date together . or each of you plan one part of the date and coordinate to make it work well together . like , you decide where to eat , and he decides what to do before and ... how is thinking the world runs on cause and effect the same as a domino effect ? cause effect does not mean one domino , one line . it means , my actions affect the world , just as yours do . as did the ... this is why i appreciate the internet . meeting other like minded people . this lack of empathy used to bother me about myself . i saw it as a flaw . i worked hard over the years to improve my ... intj good at math , here . however , math past basic algebra is fairly useless unless a person is pursuing work in a field where high level math is necessary . it may be good brain stimulation , but ... i find it most difficult to have to tip toe around the infp's feelings . it seriously drains me to have to be so sensitive . i can appreciate the infp , but i need more naps when they're around . if ... i want to shout , i'm bored ! but i actually have too much ( boring stuff ) on my plate . i am not unfulfilled i don't think either . my last therapist said i was , unsettled . the best way for me ... certainly . i am so int without enough s so that no matter how i want things to be , i can't always get the job done myself . so i surround myself with isfs who love me so much , they do the s work for ... i turn potential debates into opportunities for other people to express their pov without feeling judged . in my head , i am tearing apart their argument , and i might gently suggest that there are ... rather , they give me life , a reason to live . i didn't mean to sound callous . i meant , i enjoy observing and learning about and understanding them . for me , having pets is not about warm fuzzies or ... i am also an intj with complex ptsd nearly resolved . i experienced much healing from emdr , which i did on myself and then eventually with a therapist . i was also helped by learning how to ... you know you're an intj when you regard people , pets , relationships , parenting , health , fitness , food , housework , and self-improvement , all as science projects . can you swing the other way ? if so , how does it affect you ? i'm an intj , but there are times when life pushes me the other way . i end up needing to be more extroverted , for example . here is what ... which personality is good at house cleaning ? probably an istj . i'd like to be that , for about an hour every day . another vote for harmony is truth . only say what needs to be said to settle with harmony , and if you are not interested in reinstating the relationship , state that as well . that does not detract ... what you describe is impatience and entitlement . impatience is definitely an issue for me . entitlement is not connected to materialistic type things , but upon reflection , it's definitely there , ... why all the guesswork ? if you like him , tell him so . he'll either decide he likes you , too , or not . of course internet people count ! though i do find it uncomfortable when ' friends ' post personal pics on their fb feed . regarding your mirror comment , as a child , when i cried , i would go look at ... i know i have relaxed considerably now that i understand how others perceive me . when i'm asked , ' what's wrong ? ' , i simply remember to switch on my human face instead of getting irritated or nervous ... after 23 years of marriage , i am secure in my attachment . that , after coming into the marriage with rad , is progress . intjs for sure . tmlt to enjoy fishing . esfx , i think . tmlt rescue an abandoned puppy because it will die otherwise , rather than because it's a sweet little puppy . definitely a believer in g-d . to me , it's much more pleasant to live my life believing in g-d , than the alternative . with g-d , i'm never completely alone . i've been in a foxhole several times in my ... i'm very much a perceiver type . i wont wear a mask but i try to be pleasant and accomodating . not all thoughts need to be shared , which isn't a mask , it's just wise . he is toxic , for sure . i'm sorry you're getting bullied by him . i'd try witty humor back at him : double date with john . though that may instigate more toxic waste from him . you could ... in order to be the best you can be , you have to recognize your strengths and accept your weaknesses . people don't actually change much , what they do is make better choices . we come closer to our ... it is self-defeating to dwell on the past , i think . the fact is , you are married to an esfj , and you need to figure out the science in that . i see the biggest conflict in the e vs i . finding a way to ... intolerant of lazy ? that would be a self-hating intj . obsessed health freak here . workout for hours . eat a strict diet . i get frustrated though , that when i finally find obsessive bliss with a specific routine , i get hurt and have to adjust it . or when ... i'm an intj and my son is an intp , so i know that personality quite well . i can tell you that i am one of the few people who accepts and understands him , and appreciates and enjoys him . we have ... when you are the mother of a large family but you sit in the living room facing the computer with headphones on and music blasting . eta - and when everyone is home , you sneak off to the exercise ... dancing is great . no small talk required . if by procrastinate , that means , sit there and do nothing , then no . i'm rarely doing nothing as i sit here . i'm fighting myself to go do what needs to be done , even though i hate it . i'm trying to ... i am so totally i'n that it took a while to figure out the t and j part . i appreciate the various weather types . they all have their purpose . as long as i have what i need to function comfortably in that particular weather . warm clothes in the cold , water proof in the ... i married an isfp . that solved the lonely problem of being ' rare ' . then i had lots of kids , my ' built in ' friends . and pets . now i'm filled up with more extroversion than i can sometimes handle ... i've explained the mbti to my ( large ) family and one person did have a hard time accepting being an f rather than a t . i do think she sees the f as a weakness , and wishes she was a t . but that's ... i am an intj married to an isfp , and it's a match made in heaven . i talk , he listens . i plan and then he makes my plan happen . i organize the house , but he does the housework . i plan ... when people don't care about doing things correctly . i don't mind if people don't do things correctly . it's when they just don't care , and because of that attitude , they keep making the same mistakes ... the way i deal with people i don't like , is to say to myself , i don't care . i don't care what they say or do . that person is just not my problem . luckily , you are not her parent , so you don't have ... no , definitely not thought of as absent minded . wouldn't that better fit an intp rather than an intj ? they seem more oblivious to their physical surroundings , ime . let them complain . there will come a time when they realize i was right and then they'll cherish my wisdom and never forget me . i push emotion to the back of my mind . unfortunately , it sometimes takes important information with it . lol . for example , i am very nervous about an upcoming minor surgery , and when i was called with ... i ' saw ' my baby's soul go back into her lifeless body . people who've watched a person die ' see ' the soul leave the body . i read somewhere that a body weighs more after death , because the soul is the ... obsessive not addictive . i definitely over-focus on my interests . obsessive personality but never addicted to any substance or thing . if i sense that my body is becoming addicted to something , i'll stop it . i might even enjoy the challenge . no plans , no goals . it's a problem . which is alleviated when i have purpose . i cannot decide which color i like or dislike most . there is value to them all , i imagine . even neon green looks good as a single stripe along the bottom side of a shoe . my motto is : we cannot ... rio - it's perfect , except the dog slobber part . '