' thanks for the responses ! you guys are awesome ! :p roud : i do that too , just wondering if it's in my best interest . i have seasonal affective disorder , which means the low light around this time of ... pretty much the same as other people here . it's usually people who are almost-but-not-quite-intps . like , and intj with a weak ' j ' , or an istp with a weak ' s ' . that sort of thing . also , i have a close ... this is going to be long , but i'm wondering about a quote from the intp description on intp.org . here's the quote : i know the quote tries to answer this , but my question is , what happens if ... just from da vinci's paintings , i'm leaning toward i . there's an incredible attention to detail in them ( picasso and van gogh seem like what e artists would look like - not exactly famous for ... most intps i meet are pretty shy . since i'm shy , too , it can be awkward being around them . unfortunately , i have to practice socializing constantly whenever i want to get better at it . : rolleyes : good call , there's a broad consensus that she's an intj . according to mbti , personality type doesn't change . how many infjs do you know ? usually i find them either keeping their distance from me or smothering me . there's not much middle ground . i did look there , but only once . an intp female had mentioned that it would be so easy to be an intp male , and then a lot of intp males were frustrated , because she didn't get it , because while life ... j-types love putting expectations on other people . they like people to be focused and dependable and what looks from our perspective to be totally boring . ( did you really complain about games ? ... yeah , i was wrong . ellen page is as intp as they come . this is rude of me to say , but maybe it'll help other male intps pick out female intps - it's easiest for me to think of female intps as first ... i don't understand why you'd call delillo an intj . he gives off a very strong ti-ne . do i have to list all the shallow , clever ideas in white noise ? you seem to say that every major ... my personal experience is that when i get stuck with my writing and ask infjs for help , their ideas seem incredibly kitschy , and their plots seem heavily , heavily borrowed from overused hollywood ... agreed that salinger's not an intp . that's really interesting about kafka . i never feel at home with him in the way i do with other intp writers , so i've never been convinced when i saw him called ... the first time i quit , i stayed clean for nearly three years . i found i was able to work more productively without the distraction and cumulative unpleasantness of cigarettes ... ~ jonathan franzen ... i think of shigeru miyamoto ( who created zelda ... and super mario ... and donkey kong ... and star fox ... and pikmin ... and cetera ) as an infp , though it's possible he's an intp . in the last interview i ... we're withdrawn competitors , for lack of a better way to say it . we're not in-your-face competitive like entjs are . but , at least in my case , if i see i have a good chance of winning something , ... i don't understand this part at all . what do you think my post was about ? let me know if i'm misinterpreting you . when you put it like this , you make this trust thing seem like a sacrifice ... its ' both of , course ! itd ' all ; so be logicle ... if oth . peeps learnt how ? 2 gramer properlly sew wee cud spend are tiem lernin hao too comunicate . two feelerz rathur then -> waist awl are tim ? ... so let me get this straight . you and your girlfriend have different ways of making decisions . you like to make decisions without consulting the other person . she prefers to make them via a logical ... i'm not so sure about this . i mean i understand that having social skills can have value , but the amount of work and energy needed for an intp to acquire them seems a bit high , considering the payoff ... i think a lot of your volubility comes from the fact that you've got a higher energy level than most people's . it's good to know about yourself , but i don't think the mbti describes energy . don't get ... i'm sorry , i'm going to have to stop this discussion . we've hit an impasse , where my response to a lot of what you're saying would be exactly the same as my last post . it seems like you're trying to ... yeah ... but my contention is that your definitions of the functions are flawed . that's why i consulted outside sources , because it's easy ( but pointless ) for me to say that i'm right , but much more ... must ... not call you ... a nutcase ... =p i'm going to continue my appeal to authority argument about depp by googling . i try johnny depp infp and get : we both believe that johnny depp is an ... depp is consistently typed as infp almost everywhere on the internet . aren't you an infp ? that would explain why you can relate so strongly to him . with regard to dante , i'd say his strict ... conan o'brien ? ! : shocked : his music seems really inefficient , i'd say he's an extroverted thinker , not an introverted thinker . you might look into modern classical for intps - guys like shostakovich or messiaean . have you ... the jung-as-infj argument i've heard is that jung's int type is closer to the mbti type infj than it is to intp . again , i don't know this stuff well enough to argue it myself . from what you say about ... jung definitely has a strong ti . the people who say he's infj point out that thinking is preferred over feeling for males in our society , so even an infj male could have a very well-developed ti ... i see religion ( esp . christianity ) as a more conservative form of atheism . it's easiest to understand this when you look , e . g . at galileo , who the christians condemn at first , then , when they finally ... weird , my intj sister can seem too long-winded to me . intjs seem to know what they want to say , but it seems like te has to repeat the points it's making , sometimes several times , to make absolutely ... there are a couple movie directors i was wondering about . sofia coppola and richard kelly seem like obvious intps , but there are a couple others who might or might not be intps , and i was wondering ... that's probably seasonal affective disorder . it annoys me when i'm depressed and people tell me to man up or whatever and get over it . as if it were that easy . usually it's not their fault , because ... writing with proper capitalization is an attempt to fit in , which is handled by fe . it's also been proven that homo sapiens can read properly capitalized sentences faster than sentences with no ... in the short term we don't . if you give us enough time to think about something ( hours or days ) , we can realize we're wrong . we use a lot of superfluous filler words , viz . : really ... you're doing it again ... : tongue : i think a lot of us do . : happy : ... almost forgot lisbeth salander ( in addition to --> these <-- ) http://img813.imageshack.us/img813/8212/lisbeth.png once i was close to another intp , and i had the same experience . whenever she had cognitive dissonance , she'd have to give a long-winded explanation of her stance and why it made sense to her . i'd ... i was about to agree with this , and then i realized that i was only agreeing because of my feelings . just sayin . eh . i tried to make an argument . i have to make it out of something , which , unfortunately , means i have to make generalizations . i thought your argument was that i wasn't describing an infp ... erm , citation needed ? how bout this one : list of best-selling books - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia says that don quixote is the best-selling book . ( it leaves out religious books . ) i think ... the difference i see is that infps try to be outwardly brighter / cheerier than infjs , and infps are constantly hopping around from idea to idea , where infjs can get stuck on one . not necessarily in ... i've always preferred rose red . but very cool that you chose a character from fables . : happy : [ re ellen page ] she backs down too easily , especially when people compliment her ; that's an nf trait . look at 4:10 , when craig suggests that she start her own show . she gets too cutesy when ... if you look at her interviews , her answers are very verbose , as if she doesn't believe there's such a thing as a simple answer . from what i know of istps , they're very terse . pretty sure she's an infp . i can give a long , thorough explanation if need be . but i think her characters hayley stark and tracey berkowitz were intps . kate beckinsale is usually listed as intp ... i'm not as disappointed that the vamp & woof myths have been eviscerated . i'd like to see vampires and werewolves retired . hollywood was getting complacent , and we need new myths and new monsters to ... i also think she's infp .  ... but i also think the character amelie is an infp , and most people say she's an infj . : unsure : i read the first book and then saw the first movie . : unsure : don't ask . the movie was terrible , : sad : but you don't seem to be asking about that . i'm just frustrated to see a lot of ... '