' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8IEQpfA528M : ball : kind of ironic that you talk about colours ... seeing as for a very long time you have only been able to see the world in grey . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ENfTe2NFAc ... http://www.lovehorsepower.com/galleries/44269331/CheeseDS/album/slides/funny-pictures-8-lives-cat.jpg : ball : fictitious painted mona lisa smile versus hearing genuine and innocent laughter of a child . thinking rationally ... which one of the two do you think really adds anything to a society ? : ball : are you trying to argue again ? remember to soften up and be mush . : ball : i had a suspicion that you were a deconstructionist.the only thing you obliterated was the original ( and very interesting ) point made tucken with a mediocre and superficial ramble . i'm pretty ... well you said tucken has a very valid point . so what exactly isn't important to you ? : ball : well would it help you if i brought your attention to the title of the thread as a starting point for you to begin your analysis as to what he is saying ? : ball : so i can only know that someone is dancing or that music is being played if i enjoy it ? because that is the point made by tucken . remember he claims that the mathematical aspect of music is false ... is the dancing you are referring to with or without music ? : ball : well did you read the title ? if however what you say is correct then it compounds the problems with his claims . he can't even prove he exists yet claims that maths is false , it can't prove ... interesting . i use your words and standards ... i asked you questions on your conclusions yet you view my questions to you , in order to to better understand your position , as me making erroneous ... arguments undermine themselves by being so argumentative . arguers undermine their person by being so bitchy , or such pricks . tucken why are you arguing ? are my questions making you feel ... first you say no one can answer my questions ... then you say they were answered but the fault lies with me . http://emoticoner.com/files/emoticons/onion-head/waiting-onion-head-emoticon.gif?1292862524 ... aren't you the one who started this thread and outlined your views of math being false ? all i did was ask you questions on your views which you are going out of your way to avoid answering by using ... it doesn't surprise me . stone cold and rock hard preconceived notions does have the negative effect on a person ability to make functional sense of things . would you like me to help you to make ... although your red herring nebulous statements are revealing , i still fail to see what exactly it is you think i should soften up on . do you want me to stop asking you questions that require you to ... well the truth isn't found in the answers given but in the questions asked . because i was listening it made me aware about what you were saying and it makes you feel uncomfortable . that is why you ... never thought asking questions is someone trying to be smarthttp :/ / emoticoner.com/files/emoticons/onion-head/meh-onion-head-emoticon.gif?1292862513 or could it be that you are finding it hard to ... i did not ask about particles i asked about electrons . : ball : well did you not say the important things here , is that math cannot prove anything . and use math . prove that an apple exist ? or are you saying that electrons are as different from one another in ... seems you missed my previous post . so what can you use to prove the existence of an electron ? : ball : so what can you use to prove the existence of an electron ? : ball : did you not say the more you interfere , the more you mislead yourself . so why are you arguing data on reality is not reality itself with those who's chemical brain compounds fizzes differently ... do you have a problem with the idea of people converting mental context into functional content ? : ball : something like this ? http://www.funcatpictures.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/they-dont-even-know-im-here-cat.jpg : ball : http://emoticoner.com/files/emoticons/onion-head/waiting-onion-head-emoticon.gif?1292862524 i hope you play nice . open new tab find the gif . click and hold on the gif , drag into the text box and ... so is that a yes / no or maybe to my question ? : ball : might it be because intjs ask great thought provoking questions based on feelings that infps want to answer ? : kitteh : random ne box : ball : https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/a3/f1/77/a3f177e7b6cc64c731b66cbbf9a1a962.jpg : ball : @ shatteredheart “ at this point , its not about whom is correct , you both have your own views . you both have dug your heels in and aren't budging , not that you should , but it's no longer ... so are you of the opinion that my statements to orangeappled are incorrect ? or are you of the opinion that her statements to me are incorrect ? because trying to be unbiased and telling people what to ... “ i certainly adapted to their style . that was the point . why are you echoing me ? stop whining because your posts are not insightful nor helpful and are rightly being dismissed . i ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QmHXYhpEDfM : ball : http://emoticoner.com/files/emoticons/onion-head/waiting-onion-head-emoticon.gif?1292862524Okay lets clear up the confusion . define what you mean with whet within the context of what i posted . so which one is it ? whet - definition of whet by the free dictionary urban dictionary : whet : ball : world higher education database ( whed ) portal fascinating . : ball : https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/89/80/01/898001f48185f62d15c167eda3b1db6b.jpg : ball : all you did was bring down your standards to theirs instead of lifting them to yours . so i guess the question is ... was it they who became more receptive to you or did you become more receptive to ... what ? first you say shut up , then you quote another post . make up your mind : ball : well he did clearly say that his posts were done with passion . or are you saying otherwise ? my dictionary definition ? yet you gave no other supported definition . so why use a dictionary to begin with ? do we not use them to understand what it is we are talking about and prevent confusion ? ... so who exactly are these people who changed its meaning ? respect it is an emotion . if you make a demand on an emotion that does not exist then you will never get it . it will be nothing more than a front and breed resentment in the other person . just like ... http://40.media.tumblr.com/0a6faba19e04c68a5823c9cc86dbe650/tumblr_n2i97b4E0P1rlpicfo1_1280.jpg : ball : law i clearly laid out the issue with management . my whole reasoning in my initial post was based on management using these flawed laws and other tactics to manipulate trust , instead of ... ahh yes robert greene ’ s 48 laws of power . to be honest the one trying to implement it is you . you are just failing miserably and that is what is frustrating you and now you are projecting it onto me ... respect def : a feeling of admiring someone or something that is good , valuable , important , etc . : a feeling or understanding that someone or something is important , serious , etc . , and should be ... why ? because as far as i can tell you said the same thing i did . me x93people are actually simple creatures . you make them feel important and then they feel needed and good . x94 you . x93it takes a ... well just because you don't know how to govern your relationships does not mean that people are not simple creatures . hmmm and yet i also said praise their ability and how you wish to emulate them . 90 % of the time it is how you ask not that you ask . '