' ostentatious intellectual circle jerks--zero . you saw that in hannemann's class , huh ? flynn ( healthy ) and clu ( unhealthy ) from tron : legacy i'd also say bill from kill bill . tommy from the fountain , perhaps izzy . i'd rather you all watch these movies instead of me explaining why ... she made bank . we should feel sorry for ourselves that it's possible with such a song . because death scares me and goya was the master . i enjoy trying to master the feeling of terror . just adding self-bias reporting to the mix is all :-) . i'm high i , n , middle of the road j , and a slightly lower f . i'm curious which test you're speaking of , i wouldn't mind using it . they either haven't developed their ti or they aren't infj . as for being softer on the surface , i'm intrigued . i shell up in public , becoming cold . perhaps it's a male attribute for our sj ... the fountain is a wonderful movie of two infj's in love--i'm leaving out a lot . i'm positive hugh jackman is an infj , and almost positive rachel weiss's character is as well but not as sure . ... it's human . it's only bad if you act upon those fears . the reason i posted that is because of the numerous psychology and the ethnic studies courses i have taken : we all have our biases--race is ... to the first part , sure you can : affirmative action and the quota thinking that has developed because of it in the education and work forces . i appreciate your post , much of what you speak about ... i used to feel the same way ( except the changing thing , my morals are firm , my life goals were what changed ) . then i met her . it happened the moment i thought i should stop looking and losing a ... i have to agree with vaan , but i'll also admit that i have a dirty little bias . i think many infp mistype as infj . there really isn't any hard evidence to support this that i could call upon , just ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qEDqk67AhsE not sure whether that was sarcasm or not , hehe . it wasn't my intent that the thread should be seen as about me . i'm assuming you're talking about my little life story episode , it was a reply to a ... white privilege entails that i receive benefits from others . i have no control over how people construct first impressions . also assuming i'm privileged for being white is an injustice to struggling ... i'm white and therefore a racist . : frustrating : racism develops in the unconscious of every individual . no one is free from it . acting upon these unnameable urges and thoughts , or choosing ... you're right , i'm a moron . please continue putting words in my mouth . also , please continue using the pronoun you . it is the only sure method for halting discussion . and i'm the one who ... chill , friend , my post reeks with sarcasm . the infp shot was a joke playing on stereotypes . if i didn't enjoy the company of infp's why would i post here . i'd add more but my phone is jacking up ... i'm curious what you deem right wing . he was also lauded and hearlded for being the first black president , now look where he's at in the polls . the only help this gives him down the road will be that he will be unopposed in his own ... and you are a t . to me , you bear zero resemblance to superman . . . . man . : wink : all in good fun , friend . i apologize for acting cryptic . : happy : on the subject of obama ( with a b ) - - he still will have an extremely hard time being reelected : inflation is on the doorstep of america , food costs are rising , the dollar is sinking , oil will ... i'm not disagreeing with your deeming bin laden an infj , i agree . chances are the next most wanted will be one too . not because of capability , but because of the following . why i pointed your ... true . true . i still find my post in entirety relevant when speaking about what i'm saying , but in all honesty what's the point . i've derailed the thread enough , hehe . i guess posting on the forums is a ... good luck . you'll end up disappointed :-( stupid hype bites us in the butt every time . i was kidding around . i haven't checked imdb.com ya , i'm not so sure about any live action form either . i guess my point in bringing it up was to show how amazing eva is if they're talking about making it into a movie . i'm leery like you though ... i'm not offended at all . yes , i'm positive i'm an infj . i have a strong t / f balance , but going off of the functions i'm more fe and for a the past few years now my ti has been sharpening ( it would ... lol , i never once said there is one or the other . i merely implied people should look more to literature . also , i'm not trying to look clever , you're not worth the time . you can't identify what ... perhaps . however , judging from the general grammar , usernames , and avatars pertaining to the nf crowd i find this harder to believe than you . therefore , i feel like i'm talking to the right crowd . ... the grapes of wrath--steinbeck the old man and the sea--hemingway psychological types--jung of mice and men--steinbeck slaughterhouse-five--vonnegut that's odd , what in my post would lead you to this conclusion ? i'm suggesting an alternative for the inhabitants of this forum based on my experience . i even suggested people watch evangelion ... my opinion was solely based on being a bookworm all my life . the reason for my posting was to exhibit what reading literature compared to stuff like the lion , the witch , and the wardrobe , has done ... coloring books aren't literature either . sorry :-D that's one of my favorite poems , bubbleboy . sorry for the derail ! eve for life . commence ! evangelion ( if you completely identify with shinji i'll laugh my ass off and direct you toward a different board on this forum ) flcl ( loved the quirky coming of age aspect ) cowboy bebop ( funny ... to the first sentence , just wait you haven't seen the half of it . in the past i held back quite a bit realizing the lack of logical going through my head of what will be before it left my lips ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-zD-RohzNY something a do'er would say and then do , no ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0_JyoK8RVPE love introverted intuition duking it out . listen to ... hmm , impressive indeed . as for the two intj's i've known , only one was particularly scary . after i first took the mbti test , i decided to share my results with him--in the past we generally ... that's one down . doing the world a favor , one scary intj at a time , hehe give in to your angah ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qjpx8YPeHds hey , better than a dumbledore v . s . voldemort clip * snicker * dragon you say ! ? you must be one lucky girl :-D alright , ... i'll add some contrast to one of my favorite games . growing up i was chess champion of my elementary school , even beating my science teacher who started our chess club ( yes , he was genuinely ... and you think intj's are evil . . . infj's came up with that stereotype in order to receive less attention : crazy : guess being pwn'd with tough love wasn't enough after our discussion on the infj forums and so you come here to piss off my sterner twins . now it's obvious this is nothing but a ruse--leaving me ... if she is a healthy individual the kids will take precedence over you anyways . when the majority of the posts on these forums make you shake your head in amused disbelief . the things people wish they were , haha . this topic has absolutely nothing to do with your personality . that is if conversation is removed . before talks are initiated your race , age , physical appearance , etc are taken into consideration ... signed . to the op : personalities do not change except on extremely , extremely , rare occasion . occasions we have no control over such as family mass-murder ( you witnessing it ) , etc . my ... '