' intj = same functions in similar order . we are very similar snort . misfire i vote no . seems people have found said emoticon without pc help . to make it easier to find your replies , use @ before the avatar name when not using a straight reply . comes up as a mention . re : vulnerabilities-i know a number of infps . i'm ok in that department . you could get 7 bourbons and 7 beers and play a george thorogood drinking game that is acceptable recipe time ? did someone say persian tub ? damnit . fucking infps ... entj warlord | oddly developed types fwiw , went to college a while ago , taught there , have written letters of recommendation and have friends on admissions committees . what do you need ? please visit our forums more . refreshing points of view . they're ok till they try jamming shit down my throat . then , i won't play . i hate micromanaging . i actually had one accuse me of making her do so . uh , no sweetheart , you're micromanaging me ... why tell me to relax as if i were not ? i don't need you to tell me to do so . should i be equally derisive ? aka , don't tell me to relax , mom . new house all built , shineee ! love love love ! it's my oasis ! tired of unpacking , though . just an observation not a judgement . why suffer defensiveness ? exactly . this person has been rewarded for acting inappropriately . your reaction to protect yourself is logical . if you feel up to it , stadium firm and refuse to back down . quote of the month ! ! ! ok , back to topic - x 2 . get better friends . your fundamental flaw is thinking there is only one right answer . my most interesting teaching has been when i was taught something by my students . as an entj , i approach problems by researching ... x2 for the plan . i would work on activities for him that distract him and strategizing sessions . i dont recommend revenge . he sounds a tad socially inept and this has a very high chance of ... lets shake it up with these : it's cause you're the antichrist nazi . yes it's just you . no , you are ugly , on the inside . in seriousness , msbossypants : i suggest that we offer rather than mandate ... im nothing but honest . it's all in the semantics : 1 - all entjs do this ! ! ! here's the link confirming it ! here's a lecture ! see , i'm right right ! i'm an expert ! ! vs 2 - in my experience ... dating : fun , but zomg the miscommunications . and , just ended it when it got too drama friend : n = 1 , known for ~ 10 years but still don't know her . acceptance is key . she's a weird rules nazi . i obey ... side hug , ftw . if we met , would be fun . ( note entj sappiness terse ) my reward would be less redundancy and closure of snowflake threads . pet peeves : inability to use search or google . like , how many times has the entj / xxx type e been answered ? ! ? ! the ... i see two weak spots . belt and neck . chicken totes . road trip to hug scelerat . who's with me ? my room and raggedy ann i would rather question if that person is stable or actually an entj if one were saying they would prefer to stay home . x2 . btw , if they love you , they should be happy for you . envy is not consistent with a positive relationship . hi , i'm scelerat and i love spreadsheets and warm hugs ! we borrow our children for a very short time . after that , they belong to themselves . the desire to fix things that are easily fixed from your perspective-it may be an entj thing . and it is easy to ... are you interesting ? beep beep ! confirmed . x2 he's hopelessly insecure and is sabotaging everything you are better at . it's a sad defense mechanism to make him feel better . do you think you can really get through to him ? and , fwiw , you ... hola and welcome . late to the party train , but hip hip hurray ! ! oh , big fucking hopes for you ! ! ! ack ! the suspense is killing me ! ( probably more so you ) ok , details-is this the first time you met her ? if so , you may have come on a tad strong , but ... i am clearly not cut out for ios 8.02 . damned misspellings oh my ... minor derail : how are you borderline entj ? te isn't even one of your main cognitive functions ? you can only fix yourself . the sooner you accept that , the sooner you'll get along . you exploded at her because you felt like it was her fault . what can you do to be a person she wants to talk to ? also , we can't all be friends at work , but we can be someone who gets along . i fear ... i would have said , are you worried about bacteria growing in the milk being so warm ? i worry that will make s / he sick , don't you ? then , alas i spout off facts if i'm not heard . but , i star with ... i've learned its best to ask questions rather than state your truth or give commands . also , i statements rather than you statements are very helpful . be friends with an entj . i accidentally hurt estjs feelings :-( infp is to entj as the enfp is to the intj . i can't explain it , but it's sooo awesome . fuzzy warm fuzzy . 85 - masculine 50 - feminine 52 - androgynous this is an old test . i wonder if the qualities that make a good leader were biased to be defined as masculine , this is an impossible question to answer as we don't know you and type bests aren't always best for the individual . infps are like a intoxicant for me . addictive , attractive , wonderful , dreamy , strong without aggression , just awesome . i've never met a male infp . the male enfp i dated was like this at first , but ... my hubby's strategy is very successful as well . work what you've got . '