' i can relate to all of that well apart from the sleeping around . maybe it's the lack of fi that allows us to engage in double standards . my best friend is enfp she's more sensitive and uses her n to freak herself out she thinks of all the negative possibilities when dealing with friends or boys she likes , she rants about her feelings ... thanks for this :D you're really pretty too :D what is irrational about my thought pattern ? how would you know if i haven't had a rational thought ? ok believe what you want to believe . i do not let my beliefs hinder my judgement , if that's natural to you then that's okay . everyone's entitled to their own opinions . ok clearly have some personal issues you need to deal with , come back when you can actually be logical . all i'm doing is giving you solutions for your problem , if you do not want to take it , then ... soul doesn't only rely on religion : s , it's linked with dualism too . anyway , the baby is developed enough to be living at around 4 months . hate watching sports , i rather do it myself . although i love theoretical things , i hate theory of sports or sport science . i rather do it myself , the only types of sports i can watch are running , ... 4 months is officially when the baby is living , before that it's just potential life . it has no soul , just a ball of cells , therefore if abortion is done , no harm is made . are you in an islamic state ? you say dr zakir naik isn't there to help anyone learn yet he has released a number of dvds and books how to pray salad the 5 pillars , 6 beliefs etc . he directly quotes ... peronally pro-life , however i would allow pro-choice legally , but it needs to be restricted . all rights must be restricted if they harm another li , and abortion , if done too late actually kills a ... we'd probably be an independent gang that wouldnt have any secure allies and would not hesitate to backstab anyone . we'd be this ruthless cutthroat gang that the rest of the criminal world would hate ... yes i do , i bet i'll be bombarded with questions , but that's entps for you . the thing about being a religious rational is that i can try to logically answer why i believe in god and not take offence ... really big tesco / sainsbury's which would provide me with everything , clothing , cultery , food , dvds , games , headphones , cleaning products etc , and a book shop like foyle's . i used to have a lot of why questions , and then i came across a hadith that said constant doubt comes from shaitan , and it made sense because i'd have random questions like ' i wonder why shirk is the ... yeah i get what you mean , islam is really immense , although no need i can see the goodness behind it i guess . i guess it would go against ' liberalism ' but then i guess true liberalism can never be ... i don't want to have them either , but then i don't want to be in a care home when i'm old , who knows what abuse i'd face and i do not want to die alone . however i'm deathly afraid of childbirth , and ... i'm not sure . i think my political views would lie on the example of islam around the four rightly guided caliphs and the golden age of islam . right now i'm neither left or right . neither is islamic ... i'd choose option 1 , i'd live like a princess , and only work for 4 hours , how sick is that ? ? i'm a low-maintenance girl so i don't really care about a lot of money . with all my spare time , i could ... yeah that's what i meant sorry :p oh yeah i get it . then on a legal basis , i'd be pro-choice , but on a moral basis i'd be pro-life . the slashers are funny . i love horror comedies . but psychological horror effing scares me , not while i'm watching it , but when i think back on it before i go to sleep , my head goes into ne overload , ... isn't that generalising pro-lifers ? not everyone is like that , what happened to the objectivity of the entp , i'm afraid it's gone down the drain for you atm . i'm mainly pro-life with exceptions i guess . i think if you're going to have an abortion have it early before 3 months , because if it's past that it's essentially murder :d ry : . a woman in the uk got ... it's cool how you took the time to analyse them all , makes sense . so then who are the most closest to then out of all the types ? which person do you have the most disagreements ? and how are ... i answer the question . i mean what i say most of the time . i'm hardly the type of person to say mean and hurtful things out of emotional incapability . i say what i mean , and if it hurts i'm sorry for ... happens to me all the time . i hide it well though , most of the time . when i insult people or i'm being sarcastic , i always have a smile on my face . people call me ' miss right ' because i've always got ... erm ... your point is ? because i said so yeah i was a tomboy all my life . then my mum forced me to stop wearing tracksuits and looking boyish around 13 years old . after that i've appreciated dressing femininely and wearing make-up . but ... why not ? actually my ne gets worse when i read fiction , i get distracted by my own thoughts , imagining myself in the story , and how i would change the plotline . but i don't care . i love fiction and fantasy ... i like classical . my favourite piece is pachelbel canon . rock is my favourite genre especially j-rock like one ok rock . three days grace etc . i also like eminem , tupac , and macklemore . pop i like ... i turn into a giddy , lovestruck teenager ( even though i'm one ) but on the inside . on the outside i act like my normal self . when i like someone i become more self-conscious i . e . putting lip balm on ... i calm down by thinking of something else , or distracting myself with something , so by the time i think about my problem , my emotions are in check and i can assess the problem . lol ! wow . i was like her when i was a teengaer . the one thing that kept me on track was fear of my mum . she'd beat the crap out of me . an entp won't be swayed by emotion or the ' right ' thing . it ... wow , you don't know how much of a breath of fresh air this comment is . i always never understood why i could never cry but i get it now . i guess we might use apathy as a defense mechanism . i also ... omg same here . when my grandparents died , i couldn't cry . i felt like such a dick , to see my mum breaking down , telling me how cold hearted i am . yet i cry over pathetic things in anime . i guess ... probably an f who said it . best thing you can do is surround yourself with entps for while . which you did , i've felt that way , even in my own home . living with sfs is not so easy , especially living in an sf dominated world , ... anime . basically anything fictional or based on fiction / sci fi / supernatural apart from vampire shit . that got ooolllddd . the only ' live action ' shows i like are 8 out of ten cats , nevermind the ... well you guys are a lot more meticulous than us . our carelessness would probably drive you crazy . and we'd think that you make a big deal out of nothing , and you're a drama queen . basic conflict ... how about i'm not proud of being an entp . i'm proud of being me . oh well , you could say that your thinking is a delusion that everything around us is a hallucination . the hallucination is world that was created by our own ego for the purpose of protection . we as ... trust me , i'm more introverted now , i doubt i'd want another me . i'm crap at small talk and people's first impression of me , is most of the time negative . maybe introverts have this air of mystery ... i hate individuals not people as a whole . i wouldn't want to be lumped with another prick for doing nothing , so i wouldn't do the same to others . did this actually work ? did you attract an infj ? same . i'm 18 , but in uk born and bred . i'll think about it . it'll take effort penpalling now that i think about it , it does sound like an f rant . but yeah the one value i would really hold tight to is fairness . if that's breached my fe is uncontrollable . most of the time i'm apathetic , ... well then next time the ones that don't do their homework , get them to be your errand boys and girls for week . so basically they have to miss their break times , lunch times and stay in after school ... '