- 46thatsmynumber true ! i'm going to stop thinking about it ! i'll just wait and see how this unfolds ... the coincidences are unreal . there just hasnt been an actual situation where i was able to ... so believe it or not , bumped into him again ! this time , i went to preclin to finish my project , and he walked in from the same exact entrance to do a workshop 5 minutes later . i just went in on my ... oh gosh ! ! ! guys i bumped into him again today ! ! ! this time we made eye contact for maybe a second or so , and then he just moved to the side and turned around ... hmmm maybe he is noticing and is just ... so i'm a first year dental student , and have been seeing this third year dental student everywhere . it feels like i always bump into him . it's to the point where it feels bizarre ! i don't have a set ... thank you ! i really appreciate all the encouragement . i'll try to keep this thread updated ! :) he has , but it was another funny video ... and not much else . i think i'm about to leave this situation as is , and if it goes somewhere , cool , but if it doesn't , whatever . can't waste too much more ... nyte beanytoes inforjoking . guys , i think this guy is an intp . any advice ? ! wow ! ! ! the ni-ti loop is something that is so me . i've read a bit about it , and feel like maybe i will be able to catch myself more ! thanks so much for pointing that out to me ! all of ... so , a while back i posted this thread http://personalitycafe.com/infj-forum-protectors/747993-why-isnt-he-answering-back-am-i-overthinking.html since then , we had several conversations , etc , and ... haha , you made me laugh ; i completely agree with you ! i was just giving him the benefit of the doubt . but i won't text him now , he either wants to talk or he doesn't . his loss if he doesn't . :) thank you so much for your response ! i think i'm going to give it a few more days to see if he messages me and then confront him . he posted something up on snapchat about how he had a bad day ... okay update ! so we've been talking on and off for a few weeks i guess ; sometimes more than others . it's been pretty good , i guess . we have yet to meet up , bc whenever he's busy , i'm not and vice ... aizar istdet thank you for responses . they help keep me level headed and that's exactly why i posted here because i know you guys know how to do that ! i got a little impatient . but he actually ... so i met this guy recently on a dating website ( something totally out of my comfort zone ) , and it took me a while to actually talk to him , but we eventually started to talk . he even texted me first ... i am fortunate enough to have so many loving and supportive people around me ( both friends and family ! ) i was referring to romantic relationships because sometimes i get a little impatient and wish ... this is exactly what i want . you put it into words so perfectly ! ! i agree with you both ! ! ! hopebeat & astralsoldier i was just saying that i hope it exists out there because it scares me when i ... babies . children . elderly people . family . adventures . nature . autumn . flowers . rain . rollercoasters . thrills . art . painting . interior decorating . photography . true love . love stories ... if it doesn't line up to my expectations , is it really the real thing ? i don't have many expectations ; just to be genuinely loved and to be happy . i don't want to be in a relationship where i'm ... i've come to the realization that , even though i think i am lovable , it is hard for me to imagine someone ever loving me the way i want to be loved . i don't know why i am thinking like this , but it's ... my summer relaxed look ... and merola wow ! ! ! thank you for your insight ! ! you guys are seriously like family , and every time i even slightly miss him , i will come back and read this because i am sure ... ahh ! i thought i was the only one ! this drives me nuts ! wow ! ! ! thank you so much for your great words ! ! ! they give me so much hope . you sound like a great guy , and i hope you find your princess one day . perhaps , i will find my prince too . :) i know ... oh my ! did we become friends with and date the same guy ? ! i know this sounds terrible , but it makes me feel a little less crazy knowing that someone else is going through / has gone ... got a haircut ! needed a change so i decided to try bangs ... 277569 it was him mostly dependent on me , so i will be keeping away . he doesn't deserve me . eeek ! ! ! i'm sorry this is sooo long ! i guess i kept writing without realizing how long it got ! absolutely . i don't think you should let him back into your life . you remind me of ... twinsoul oh my gosh . i'm so sorry you had to go through this . your relationship with your friend is very very similar to mine . he made me go against my own core values . i felt ashamed of myself . i ... you'd be happy to know that i did exactly that . thank you so much for your insight ! ! ! i cannot tell you how much i appreciate it ! not surprisingly , almost all the things listed for emotional abuse and cycles of abuse echo with this situation . but ... thank you ! you are far too kind ! <3 it's been an exhausting few weeks . yes , of course i do ! & yes it does , even though i did talk to my mom , but she doesn't know everything . otherwise i'm pretty sure she'd find him and give him a lesson he'd never forget . but i also ... johnson.han . 3 thank you for your kind words ! i usually don't put up with people like that either ; this guy has been a special case and one that i have struggled with ; but i have finally ended it and ... hi ! i've taken the test several times and i always get infj , but i'm borderline on the sensing vs intuitive . i've debated this before , and after reading many many descriptions of the types , i feel i ... wow ! ! i have to admit i'm a bit overwhelmed with all the support and responses i've received . thank you all so much ! ! ! i don't think i will ever add him again now . i've given him ... hi guys ! it's been a while since i posted , but i put myself in a situation i previously promised myself i would not let myself get into . and now i need some help , or just another perspective , i ... thank goodness i'm not alone . i've gotten friends tell me that people were interested in me ; but thought i was intimidating and unapproachable ! i don't think i'm intimidating or unapproachable at ... do a lot of you guys get people telling you that you were initially a little unapproachable , like before you guys became friends ? deleted post had a party to go to today . spent my valentine's day working . hope you guys had a lovely day . 93486 met my childhood best friend today :) does anyone else have a ridiculously hard time saying sorry when you know it's not your fault ? i don't know why i would always say sorry for the slightest things when i was dating my ex , but for ... yes i did ! well hopefully this will be the last time i will be venting about my ex-boyfriend . even after explicitly telling him i did not want to talk to him ever again , he texted me again a few days later with ... yay leather jackets ! it seems like we are dealing with similar monsters . just let go completely and be at peace with yourself . that's exactly what i did . hope everything gets better . this person does not deserve you and ... i can't express how thankful i am for you guys . that's exactly what i am going to do . i will just say no next time no matter how hard it is sometimes . this person actually tried talking to me again ... im so angryyy ! about the issue i posted above . but i can't get over it .. i feel useddd .