' thank you ! that makes a lot of sense . so se is the reason he does that so much , then . i know this belongs on another thread probably but ... i don't know what type preferences my one friend has , but i think he may have isfp preferences . i used to think he was a j , but now i think ... me too ! ! when people ask me about my religious beliefs , i explain that i'm panentheistic and describe it , but it always goes right over their heads , which is really annoying . i'm glad i met another ... very true . i'm pretty sure nicki minaj has estp preferences . i've seen an interview of her , and she used just as much se as the other esxps i know . after i while , you can just tell when someone uses dominant ... eminem seems like a thinker because he consciously tries not to show his emotions because he's afraid of appearing vulnerable . he's definitely an isfp , no question about it . istps use fe , which ... he definitely has nf values so he probably belongs in that temperament . furthermore , he seems pretty introverted , so i'd go with infx . he has a tremendous amount of vision in some of his songs , so ... haha . i loved it . they're my favorite movies . and our depth comes with a price . you ne users have a much broader and more open perspective . you also get to use your dominant function in the outer ... i don't know if other ni users think this way , but this is the best way i can explain my normal train of thought . i'll be singing something in my head while i vaguely visualize someone singing it ... sorry to hear that . it must have been tough . i couldn't have said it better myself :) you seem to use a good amount of ti . if you know you're introverted , perhaps you could check out istp , intp , isfj , and infj type descriptions to see which one fits you better . yes ! i think of it as an internal map of facts , ideas , beliefs , and concepts that looks pretty much like what you drew , with each piece of information as one of the dots . it's almost impossible to explain . i know what it is in my head , but , when i try to talk about it , the words i'm saying just make no sense . that's me exactly ! i just had an experience with that . a single philosophy class i took in college forced me to change my entire worldview . i was sad and confused for months before i was finally ... i think i read somewhere that having a strong feeling that turns out to be right is common in both isfjs and infjs but it comes from fi . for us , fi is our 6th most preferred function ( although it's ... i'm glad you say that . i didn't like lady gaga's music until i really payed attention to her lyrics , looking at what lay beneath the surface of what she was saying . after that , i thought the word ... true , but i guess for an isfp the focus is more on the senses and not on the metaphor itself . the metaphor is used to assist in creating the image instead of a few images / memories being the ... interesting . i didn't know that . thank you for telling me . he always struck me as using most of his cognitive functions well , which makes his type preferences harder to deduce . i'll have to think ... jung referred to people by their dominant function . while mbti would specify the difference between an esfp and an estp , jung would call them both extraverted sensing types . thus , by calling ... so you are saying that jung believed the dominant function to be much more significant to a person's personality than the auxiliary and tertiary and that the auxiliary and tertiary functions were , in ... i didn't know that actually . maybe he meant that he ended up orienting himself towards sensation for his profession . i think i saw somewhere that he considered the study of psychology to require an ... jung said he was an int . if he was wrong about his own type , then what reason would we have to believe any of his theories to be true ? entp . just to be sure though , read up on temperaments . if you identify more with the theorist ( nt ) temperament than the catalyst ( nf ) temperament , then that pretty much sets it in stone . that's definitely true of her . your explanation's making me lean more towards esfp now though , but i'll have to think about it more . thanks for the imput ! i understand . the are a few people in general on this forum who try to pick on sensors way too much . just because someone doesn't have your same personality preferences doesn't mean that you can't ... i'm having some trouble typing my emotionally unstable friend . i'm having lots of trouble finding out what type best fits one of my best friends . she seems to be more of an estp than an esfp , ... i'm not jealous at all and i'm also not trying to say that intjs are necessarilly more selfish than other types . they just appear that way because of tertiary fi . everybody is a little selfish in ... i'm the same way , very introverted but often in need of companionship :) . i get so overstimulated around others sometimes that i spend a lot of time in my room , but that prevents me from going out ... i apologize if someone already said this as i didn't read most of the comments here . intjs have tertiary fi , which , like all tertiary functions , is applied narcissistically and in a limited , ... figure out which interaction style you use . that should set it in stone for you . you almost certainly have istj preferences . i'm sure of it . your responses to questions on this forum point to te-fi , not fe-ti . me too . i love hearing what other people have to say about anything ! but it's no more black and white than anything else about type theory . when you define yourself based on type , you define ... i have no idea either , but there's nothing wrong with it . pinkrasputin just doesn't like directive speech . directive speech is used when you order people to do things that need to be done ( though , ... i hate to be rude , but do you think you might have istj preferences . istjs use mostly directing , while isfjs use mostly informing . honestly , i'm still not sure of my type preferences . i could see ... infjs use directing , not informing , so maybe you use directing without even realizing it . true . she usually means the effect of their actions when she says big picture . now i'm not sure again about her type because i just read about interaction styles in depth , particulary the ... i think you misinterpreted what i said . i was saying the same thing as you ; that the meaning is central for infps whereas the sensory detail backed by metaphor is what isfps use ( se-ni ) . i love isfp ... i know the feeling . i think it's because we're smart and use big words . some people equate that with having a superior attitude ( trust me . people have said the same about me . when i realized people ... the singer of linkin park is definitely fi-dom . i'm pretty sure he's an infp . brandon flowers ( lead singer of the killers ) is most likely an infp . i think for most infps the meaning of the song is more important than the image , if that makes sense . so , songs written by an ... no problem ! - - - it's so interesting , and personally surprising to me , that if something intolerant / cruel was said that you would not necessarily say anything about it ( but be angry about ... ted ... infj robin ... istp lily ... esfp marshall .. enfp barney ... enxp yea . i know ! that seems like a pretty annoying situation . at least you're at college now and have some more breathing room ! as i understand it , having extraverted feeling ( fe ) means that you to some extent take on as your own the values ( and needs ) of a group . assuming that is correct ( and if not , i'd love to hear from ... keirsey didnt create the temperament model based on cognitive functions , but on observed similarities in their life goals and motivations . also , fe , especially coupled with ni , will challenge the ... i figured that coming up with alternate explanations ( n ) would be more enjoyable for an n . thus , i figured they'd stick with the search for an alternate explanation longer . in general , of course ... yeah , me too . i usually get along well with isfjs , and we can seem the same on the outside , but our inner beliefs and values are often so different that it's hard for us to agree on anything ... are judgers just not receptive to people's perceptions then ? are all judgers inflexible and not changeable ? bono is an enfj for the following reasons ... he's passionate about his visions for world ... i think sensors are , in general , more likely to believe in the paranormal because i think they're more likely to give up the search for alternative explanations quicker . also , imagining alternate ... '