' religion is also my favorite topic for discussion , but i haven't found much stimulation in this area lately , so i'm on the prowl . while i'm happy to exchange ideas on any religion , i have a special ... yes to the hermaphrodite thing . it happens on a nearly weekly basis for me as of recently . i've never ( consciously ) wanted a sex change . i like your name . you see yourself from the third-person ? i don't see myself , except occasionally from the first-person . sometimes i am a different gender , like you mentioned . it causes immense confusion but i am ... buddhism , because it is the ultimate intj religion , if there should ever be one . as a religious practice , buddhism deals with the causes of suffering and the means to put an end to suffering . it ... type : intj . religious beliefs : buddhist . reasons why : mystical yet logical , transcendental yet practical , psychological yet paradoxical . dogen zenji is a classic , but his era was the 1200s . if you mean modern teachers , i'd recommend suzuki roshi and hsu yun , but even they are no longer with us . thich nhat hanh may be of interest to ... stillness and serene clarity of mind accompanied by heightened awareness . in mental quietude and physical solitude , the entirety of one's being is imbued with such settledness . buddhism . autocontrol as in self-control ? yes , i am very self-controlled . perhaps too much , sometimes . like you , i don't drink , smoke , or drug myself . and i am abstinent . my choices are mine alone . they ... approximately 30 hours , perhaps a bit more . because i was on a 13 hour flight , can't sleep sitting up , had a long layover , can't sleep in crowded airports , and so on . very uncomfortable , but could ... i recently discovered that i am not a forgiving person . if it was sincerely an accident , then i can let it go , but repeat offenders and those who should know better irk me beyond belief . i happen ... i concern myself deeply with matters of morality . while i wouldn't argue with the tendency toward developing personal values and feelings independent from societal standards , i take issue with the ... yes , i suppose that's a fair assessment . but i try hard ( and i mean really hard ) to resist the tendency to self-isolate . not always am i successful at that ... 22 i like to think i have a well-developed theory of mind . giao duyên meditation is my life . for the past nine years , i've been practicing meditation regularly , drawing primarily from the methods of shikantaza / zazen and satipatthana-vipassana . i'm also a devout ... growing up , i always complained , why can't i have a normal family ... ? but in retrospect , i am immensely grateful , for their unique way of living in the world influenced me for the better . almost all my friends ( and definitely my closest friends ) are infjs . we seem to get along extraordinarily well . i love them . me ( 24 ): intj younger brother ( 22 ): infj mother ( 55 ): infj father ( 64 ): infj yes , i practice zen / chan buddhism , which has a strong sino-japanese history . chinese has a long history and i am quite fond of its psychology , one could say ... not to mention the philosophy inherent to it . it plays a rather significant role in my spiritual practice , as ... how many languages can you speak / have you learned ? two with a degree of confidence ( english , chinese ) , but a few more with a degree of unconfidence ( french , portuguese , korean , japanese , khmer , ... i'm so fed up with people's egos ... 1 ) i am a buddhist . 2 ) i am a ph . d . student . 3 ) i am a liberal , but based on my own criteria . many of my personal choices - abstinence , no drug or alcohol use , etc . - may seem conservative , but i ... neuroscience and psychology ( cognitive ) . religious intj here , but not of the god-believing variety . as a devout buddhist , what originally drew me to buddhism was that it's the most rational world religion i've encountered . zendos , libraries , and the roots / branches of trees . let's just say i want to go back , full-time . 1 . buddhist chanting 2 . no , no 3 . amongst white clouds 4 . idk 5 . horse-drawn carriage 6 . 3 of diamonds 7 . spring because it symbolizes rebirth . sure , why not ? it's among the only indicators of physicality , to remind me that i'm still in this corporeal world . me . last summer , i traveled to taiwan by myself , where i lived in a monastery for about a month . i worked out between the ages of 10 and 12 . i wanted to be a super saiyan . am i the only intj who cries over 13th century japanese religious texts because they're so beautiful and touch something deep inside me ? i am selective with regard to my friendships . if someone annoys or drains me , then they probably are not actually a friend , but a close acquaintance , or perhaps in the buddy category . for me , true ... dissertation . i would previously have said intellectual but i now lean strongly toward the spiritual . i think the only way i could ever truly come to love a person would be through an unfathomably deep spiritual ... how can i induce self-transcendence / a non-pathological dissociative episode in less than 10 minutes under controlled laboratory conditions without upsetting the irb ? further , how can i measure ... brand-spanking-new ! welcome ! i also would have thought entj at first , but the above is a strong case for typing her an unhealthy enfj . now , what about vivian darkbloom ? i wonder if there's any difference there . am i the only intj who wishes the world was covered with glittery and / or sparkly rainbows ? relatively active , and in each of them serving in some sort of leadership capacity . national honor society secretary , chair of students for a free tibet , co - or lead facilitator for several ... i'm a bit of a radical . 257506 sure , istjs can be the scientists as long as intjs get promoted to the mad scientists . empiricism , as much as i was once a die-hard believer , is inherently flawed like any other epistemology . circles . i feel that i'm fairly accurate at reading into people . this could be since my feeling side is highly developed ( i'm significantly closer to 50-50 feeling-thinking than i am for any other pair , ... as a rule , i don't procrastinate . although there are times when i'm less than ideally productive due to loss of motivation , i never put off until later what i could realistically do sooner . my ... we're an endangered species . i used to have an impenetrable personal bubble . any violation of it sent shivers down my spine . now , i don't mind being touchy-feely ( provided it's with someone i'm comfortable around ) , ... '