' oh i have read 1984 , it is a very good book . and continued thanks , i currently am hooked on the sequel to 1632 by eric flint i would strongly recommend it . that looks very good and i will pick it up sometime in the future . maybe next week , have spring break and lots of time to spend probably a good time to read . type 1 all in twilight 1w9 sx / so tri-type 147 type 2 justmeandmyguitar : 2w1 , 7w6 , 1w9 musicalmeggie : 2w1 5w4 9w1 zomgitsemma : 2w1 so / sx first , thank you all so far , i am looking at them and writing the names down , i will look them up and also go to the library sometime this week . now this book looks very interesting . i ... just saw the comment and watched it . that actually fits me , kind of . i love it ! ! ! well for me it would be something else , if you take movies out then i might actually choose one of the amazing people 2013 video types . however i am a very athletic enfp so i can really do a lot of ... it is the easiest way to explain it i guess without having to put it in words . i do not see it that way exactly , but ... partly yes . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XWwLGhdius yes , i enjoy going to the library and also buy books once in a while . i am coming off of some navy seal books , finishing american sniper now and really love it , totally recommend it . i really like ... the great thing is i really love it when people say these things to me . i take these to be some of the best compliments ever ! i mean how can you not be happy when someone says these things to you . i ... i am about to finish another book now and am looking for what to read next . what are some very good books that you would recommend ? i am interested and open to almost anything . i am just looking ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=chXJFjrl-Q4 and then of course there is this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G1qoZxWAsk8 1 and a half hours of exercise :) for actual food though : two hot dogs , on bread and a bowl of cereal . ( weird combination for lunch . oh well ! ) : crazy : read , the egg by andy weir . it is an interesting little story , not very long should only take about 5-10 minutes , really sticks with you . not necessarily the truth but a very interesting perspective ... as an enfp you don't have to worry about scaring me , and i don't think you can really scare any of us away too much . i am also very receptive to strangers , even if i don't like them too much i don't ... ah yes the lion king . :) amazing movie i have to say , have not seen it in awhile but i know the whole thing . when you are very good , maybe one of the best , at something when you really concentrate and take it more seriously . when i do the work and concentrate just enough on it i can easily excel in my ... it doesn't , just fun to know . : tongue : getting ready to eat breakfast , while wanting to now finish off my coast guard application . a lot of movies have really made me cry but the ones that hit the most were ones about the great acts of people and ones showing the story of a soldier , a real hero , as well as the movies that really ... yes of course , that is exactly the language they plan on learning . : wink : it is a very good idea though , i really do need to get more into programming . making my 100th comment ! ! ! actually i was eating a valentines gift my mom got me and my brother and sister . i was talking with her about my future and what i plan to do . chinese is very hard though . i spent two whole months , about 2-4 hours , six days a week learning it . i did not become fluent but did learn a lot . i did this when i spent a year in singapore , so i ... i can speak english and german . i did learn spanish for 7 years in school though and am currently taking french . i really enjoy learning french , so that is where my vote goes . it's very simple actually . life is meant for you to : have fun , enjoy yourself , work hard , love others and never quit ! so in conclusion you feel good . or don't do the above and don't understand ... don't like lying and also don't like making excuses so instead of just saying i'm sick , i go to school for the past 3 days . maybe i shouldn't go tomorrow , though i think it might be improving . :) hoping and wishing that somehow being on perc will make my sickness go away . at least it makes me feel good with so many awesome people here , makes me feel good about our world . :) rank 3493 :) getting better by the day though a vitamin gummy bear . i will always eat them till the day i die ! :) yes , music ! ! it really helps stimulate my mind as it really gets running , i'm surprised that i can keep going , music can really be my energy when i'm bored and feeling a bit down . to not be sick and have my work done for me . it can be a bit annoying but i can forgive them because they just are not the intuitive types , others understand the awesomeness much better and we can really have fun with it . it can be that i ... two thick chocolate chip cookies in the shape of hearts :) sit down ! yeah , specifics are a huge pain . i actually enjoyed math up untill i got to pre-calc . it somewhow always opened up more possibilities as i understood more math that let my creativity flow even more ... and when you consider browsing these forums as much more productive because you are learning a lot and getting amazingly creative ideas from them . never ever to get sick . if everything goes as planned ... definetely not ! :) i can get distracted by almost anything , and specifics .. well they just don't work very well with us do they :) that is the most common thing that i do . a lot of the time i talk as if someone is listening and does not understand what my thoughts mean , as if the imaginary person could read my thoughts and is ... people try to take away everything that they think is a distraction so that you can focus on something specific and actually get it done . even after all of the work they do you still seem to get ... the world so magnificent and beautiful and people are so amazing , so much beauty everywhere you look whether it is the wonderful wildlife or just the amazing acts people do . why do so many people ... i enjoy almost everything , though i'm not to much of a fan of rock and rap . i have really started liking country music these past few months . in fact my mom got me a taylor swift shirt for ... courtesy of the red , white , and blue by toby keith hey ! i'm a junior in highschool and can really relate to what you are saying . i went through this in sophomore year and the first part of my junior year . i felt trapped and many people didn't ... yesterday my dad mentioned : you can analyze situations very well , understand people , and are very creative and smart , but when you talk people ( at least he himself ) often don't understand what all ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U2GvWZfVoP0 lay on the floor at computer listening to music till an energy explosion occurs when you suddenly get bored of this site and totally forget about it for a few days and then suddenly reappear : crazy : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NYVA9GMsnbQ '