' i never really notice it , but i am completely natural . i don't wear make up , i don't do anything with my hair , i don't paint my nails , wear deoderant ( people shouldn't have to ) , or have even my ears ... i'm very short and to the point . other infps tend to write looong responses . idk whats up , yo . i'm very direct about caring , once it is obvious that they care about me . i tend to want to reach out to people very badly , but i hold back until i am sure that their feelings are the same . this ... before yolo , there was hakuna matata . : kitteh : i feel the same way now that i am in college . i just looked at it a different way , now i am on my own , i am seperate from them . i no longer have an obligation to them . i go back to visit because i ... i like my name :) i don't know many other people who have the same pronouciation . its a little bad , though since i get an-dree-uh all the time , instead of on-dray-uh . i would never change it ... enfps and ixfjs . :) hey baby . ^ ugh ! fleet foxes - blue ridge mountains my father was always good to me , as best as he could . when my mother , who is bipolar but was undiagnosed throughout my childhood would lash out at me , my father would make her come down and ... i have found happiness in what most people would consider a bohemian community . i go to a college which offers an environmental campus that houses 35 students ( who choose to be there ) in rustic ... i get told i'm cat-like a lot . too bad i hate cats . : bored : thank you for this ! i was considering making a topic arguing the same thing . i am always noticing people on here who are claiming to be depressed , anxious or even having more serious emotional / mental ... this post is worth 1000 thanks . i was pretty ill yesterday . i really hate being physically ill more than anything . it was a beatiful day and started out great , i milked a goat for the first time , went to town and ate a nice lunch , ... i've heard words january and scary rhymed in two different , both awful songs . we'd all be better off returning to a basic agricultural society . no gas or electricity , modern health care , anything . my best friends : xsfj , infj , ixfj , esfp , enfp , intp . i want a friend to tell me that they wouldn't know what they would do without me . * nom * : 3 ( andten ) http://disney-clipart.com/Wall-E/characters/Wall-E.jpg these threads make me feel left out )': bio major , environmental science and policy and music minor . come on , squares , dancing is fun ! <-- actual reply to this thread , not sarcastic ! the biggest struggle for me was learning that i can't force myself to not think . i just have to let my thoughts flow over me , like a river . my favorite spots to meditate are near bodies of water , ... i go through phases where one month , i'll just be inexplicably hungry all the time , and the next i'll barely eat at all . i'm always equally hungry for burriots , though . : wink : my childhood best friend is an esfp . even from kindergarten she was always very well-liked and popular , but also so kind as to try and give everyone equal amounts of time playing with her at recess ... infp hufflepuff , go hufflepuff i have a esfp friend who is hufflepuff as well , though apparently she was very close to gryffindor . when i was younger , starting all the way from age 10 to age 17 maybe , i felt as though i needed someone to love me . it was a hopeless feeling which affected me in every single part of my life , much ... i confress that i haven't been on percc in months .. maybe even a year ! but i'm back and i love the person i've become ! that seems backwards D: arent females the stereotypical introverts , because males are stereotypically more dominant ? wake up at 6 get on bus at 7 , because i'm too lazy to get a liscense senior at high school , spend majority of time doing homework during class stay after for one reason or another - newspaper , ... when people don't listen to me because i'm younger than they are . ive had the same problems that vegans have with me wanting to be an evolutionary biologist . as a senior in highschool , i get asked what i want to major in almost daily by different people and by more ... corporations . too soon to tell for me . i know i love my boyfriend and i don't regret having sex with him , but i always just feel kind of .. empty ? i guess , afterwards . i guess i just wish he were more emotional , ... age discovered : 14 age now : 17 type : infp enfp , even though i love them to death . i just can't talk to anyone i don't know @ . @ and enfps just looove to talk to strangers . type 9 ? 12345678910 well let's see . i'll just list when mbti types i know play which instruments . infp - violin infj - piano , violin esfp - flute esfj - french horn isfj - drums esxj - stand-up bass intp - tuba ... they have to be an introvert ! preferebly infj , intj , intp . i can deal with the right kind of isfj , too : 3 i have generalized anxiety disorder . and i thought sad was seasonal affective disorder , which i also have . : unsure : creative , smart , idealist , loner , attracted to sad things , disorganized , avoidant , can be overwhelmed by unpleasant feelings , prone to quitting , prone to feelings of loneliness , ambivalent of the ... 17 , same age i am now . i was ready at 16 but my boyfriend turned 18 a few months before i turned 17 , and he was so afraid that he was going to go to jail for stachatory rape that he wouldn't touch me ... my boyfriend's family is : istj dad esfj mom estj brother isfj ( him ) it's crazyness xd isfj , through and through . infp , too , until you get to know them . most infps in my experiance have a dark side x3 i got striver / believer . no , no , no , no , no ! mostly infp , but i get intp some times . my personality : infp boyfriend : isfj best friend : infj roomate : i've never roomed with anyone more than a week , but my favorite was esfj behind-the-scenes catalyst . i honestly can't beleive i got infp @ . @ i thought i got nt untill i scrolled down an it said catalyst . nf and nt were very close . '