' but it wasn't caused because of religion.hitler claimed jews would be jews even if the religion never existed . the killings were not motivated by religion or even in opposition of religion . it's not ... george w . bush is known to be alcoholic . winston churchill was known to be alcoholic . hitler however said that he thought that jews would be jews even if there had never been any synagogs . even ... i am not about to debate you on this . i don't like the accusations you throw my way when i discuss religion with you . have you not read the rest of my posts in this thread ? are you not arguing a personal belief system that can neither be proven nor disproven ? i never claimed that it was to surprise himself . in fact i have suggested that we could not comprehend his motivation behind his choices . but given beloveds premises his argument is pretty sound ... like i said above most of our guesses about what we would do if omniscient are wrong . you have no idea what feelings an omniscient entity would have in that given situation . you are assuming he decided whether certain people would or would not love him . knowing how a die roll will turn out is not the same as making the die roll turn out that way . he may want a 7 to ... mathematically there would be only wrong answers ( approaching infinity ) as we do not know what we would want to do if we were all knowing . first there would be choices that humanity is unaware of ... he was obama's choice for the benediction . a benediction is a short invocation for divine help , blessing and guidance , usually at the end of worship service . i personaly would not expect less ... yep , obama doesn't support gay marriage . all those socially conservatives out there can rest easy on that . i noticed that he didn't give a shout out to any other religion besides the abrahamic ... so are you going to send me the book ? would dawkins consider his theory scientifically verifiable ? so you admit that atheists did not have a new alternative to creation theory they simply ... lance has already been asked . and the request was flat out denied because it would make the forum i can ; t remember if it was messy or untidy , just as you didn't respond to me you didn't need to respond to him about it . i pointed out that you posted historical reference . i pointed out that when you thought i told you to post about that ... not off hand . though while looking i did find a form i was unaware of before . scotopic sensitivity syndrome - a form of dyslexia which makes it very difficult for a person to read black text on ... it's a status of quantity . i have a friend who has dyslexia.in researching the disorder it was discovered , by my circle of friends , that there is a form of it where the individual can read normally but think the last word they ... i have seen the ignore glitch kick work when there were less people in chat . work when there is less people in the room . the thing is that i started this thread to get lance to fix the problem .  ... isn't it sad that no ones come to your defense ? true . but as i have had lance tell me before that he would fix chat and none of it was documented thought i would post publicly . but i guess this time lance decided not to make me the ... i am asking people to speak up in his defense if they believe he is wrong . if trustno 1 is being honest and no one is to stand up for him that would be tragedy . i didn't realize that asking ... really ? you don't think the guy that quotes everything he responds to knows that ? i am always comfortable to let my words speak for me . i am always comfortable to take responsibility for my ... he's absolutely right folks . this could have been an elaborate deception on my part . there are those that consider me a trouble maker . he's got me there . what do you all think ? which is why you came back and did it some more . after you posted in this thread . hey lance . you told me before that you would change the chat because of this glitch . i would appreciate something being done . that is not a cookie . that is a picture of a cookie . beloved spelled out easily that i could eat the cookie . i can not eat that picture . it is also not a picture of the type of cookie ... but since those were not in place when he made the offer those are not the cookies that i accepted . none of this covers getting me the cookie you offered . i get plenty of attention . lance came into the chat room looking for me last night . i was engaged ina very plesant conversation at the time ... beloved . you still have not given em a reply about delivering my cookie . are you rescinding the offer ? let me know whats going on here . i'm begining to think that your offer was not ... yeah . i watched some of the british version on bbc america over my christmas with the family . and was impressed by how much better than the american version it was . i will still watch the ... it kind of had the office slow discomfort feel to it . the discomfort where you laugh . i thought the flaky bit was a put on myself . like in the flashback episode ( the one where it's not a clip show but about different members of the group almost hooking up ) . when ross and phoebe ... i always thought phoebe was arrogant . it's one of the reason i liked her so much . there was one episode where she is playing with monicas doll house . and she has a ghost because the hose was ... especially at a gallagher concert . i do not agree with that pact . first you have not delivered my cookie yet . second i told you if you have issue with me take it to where it belongs in the battle arena . third in that thread ... that link you provided wasn't a post made in this thread . you were the first to bring up other sources of information into the discussion in this thread . i am getting tired of your continued ... i need to type some words or i cannot make this post . gallagher uses some . pretty nice guys . met them when i was working a performance as a stagehand . conversations about laugh tracks always remind me of m * a * s * h * . they had a standards and practice rule that wouldn't allow them to use the laugh track in the o . r . funnily enough it was because ... by the way when will you be showing up ? you offered me a cookie ? you claim there is no cookies you tell lance that we need cookies . so yes i will accept a hand delivered cookie from you . come to mansfield , washington and ask ... i accept this and end this side conversation with you . details evade you ? is it possible that some of you problem with me may stem from this fact ? earlier in the thread you claim that i am unable to have a conversation with you without bringing up ... you didn't see the comment you quoted ? somehow i don't believe that . http://www.photopumpkin.com/wp-content/uploads/lego-art-1.jpg : shocked : unless i am mistaken , that is father time . ok . while this is a little off topic i am extremely interested on how a comment on fight club belongs in the king leonidias thread . no . that was all i said about your thread . that was the basis of my argument . the argument was quite longer than just one point but that one point is all i said about your thread . actually i haven't posted in the thread because you think that all i do is attack you . and all i said about your thread was well actually he does say the character in the movie and not the ... lol whut ? i was defending you while you weren't present and that doesn't seem to bother you . in what way do you find the chat room discussion interesting ? interesting , isn't really ... lolwut ? lolwut ? '