' i'm an intp that loves fashion for it's own sake as well ; it's nice to see another intp that's like this . to clarify , though , one could argue that i don't actually care that much for fashion ... goat cheese is amazing , but quinoa is pretty gross . i kind of like cooking , but i'm not married ( i'm 18 and live with my parents ) . interesting lol . as another intp , i can say that i don't relate to that ; i like having a variety in my meals . i came here expecting to see the majority of people say intp and i was not wrong lol . i can say , however , that from my personal experience as an intp , i do not really relate to this type of diet ... morty = infp by definition , i am technically a feminist , but i do not consider myself to be one because of what the movement has become . i think that the issue with the feminist movement is that feminism ... yeah , i will admit that he might've been attempting to detach himself from some of his feelings ; he could've taken so long to listen to the tapes because he didn't want to experience a lot of his ... the majority of this ( especially the part about the grips ) is based on the cognitive functions system , which is an inaccurate system . i don't want to go too off-topic from the actual topic of this ... coming from someone that is an intp , if clay is one too , i don't think that he's one of the most well-written ones . in some ways , i can relate to clay . his social awkwardness did remind me of myself , ... i love clothes and wearing / coming up with nice outfits , which doesn't seem to be typical for an intp . no , clay seems very motivated by his feelings . he takes so long to listen to the tapes because it's too emotionally difficult for him to listen to too much at once . not usually ; i'm pretty anxious and phobic . it's been a long time since i watched the earlier movies , but jack sparrow strikes me as someone who is actually quite smart ( he comes up with plenty of clever ideas and such ) , but comes off as dumb ... michael scott . it seems like many people have a hard time just having fun in different ways . unlike a lot of others , i can easily find fun in social situations . i have no need for social situations to have a ... dr . gregory house = an intp anti-hero . clay : isfj hannah : enfx tony : istp clay's mom : esfj clay's dad : intp justin : estp bryce : estx jessica : esfp alex : ixfp ryan : xntx i have doubts about my type , but intp just fits the best . usually , whenever i don't want to change plans , whenever i get emotional about something , or whenever i want to hang out with people i wonder ... that's because i . q . is a relatively decent way to summarize someone's intelligence , but it's not a true representation of someone's complete mental abilities . it blows my mind how someone can ... intelligence is more than someone's i . q . also , there are plenty of people with high i . q . s that aren't interested in pursuing high-paying careers . to me , intelligence ( using this in a broader sense than just i . q . , which is a poor way to judge someone's overall intelligence ) is one of the most important traits for a potential partner to have ... i would recommend that you eliminate any ideas about the cognitive functions when deciding what your personality type is . the system of cognitive functions that a lot of people subscribe to is very ... i think that a big problem is that the traits that are often associated with each zodiac type are really common and / or vague , so a lot of people read about a trait that someone says x zodiac type has ... i am opposed to any supernatural beliefs related to the zodiac signs and to horoscopes and such , but i think that you're right and that it could be possible that the time of year that someone is born ... don't try to type yourself based on the cognitive functons ; they are inaccurate . i recommend going solely by the dichotomies . can we include any fictional intps or do you mainly just want ones that fit into a hero or villain archetype ? i'm not sure that i know any other intps in real life . nobody that i know the type of is an intp . besides myself , the only people that i know that seem to be intps are all intelligent professors or ... my favorite subject is philosophy , but i also like astronomy / astrophysics , biology , physics , and psychology a lot . i really like certain aspects of math , but there are some that i'm not a huge ... i love clothes ; i really like dressing up , finding cool outfits , and shopping for new items of clothing . i like dressing up in a unique way , rather than dressing up in a way that is what's generally ... maybe , but debating theists isn't . depending how strong the interest is , i would agree , but i definitely don't think that a simple desire to be a collector or a minimalist is any reflection of mental health . someone can certainly get ... i am a type 5 and i love collecting things . i like owning and keeping things that have some type of significance to me or just seem cool . while i'm pretty sure that i'm a type 5 , i'm not like ... intj , infp , and entp . this question is hard to answer without going into the topics of different conversations . generally , i find it easier to talk about myself , but it's probably significantly more difficult for me to ... i think that it is best to completely disregard the cognitive functions when attempting to determine your mbti . it's not just that they don't have to match up , but that the whole commonly accepted ... i think isfj fits far better than intj . he gets way too obsessed over the immediate details of the tapes for me to see him as an n-type ; he consistently confronts people before even finishing the ... i haven't read the book , but i think that he's an intp in the show . clay's interests and some of his conversations , like the superpower one , seem pretty n-esque , but i think that he's an isfj . he get's too obsessed with the immediate details when listening to the ... what makes clay seem like a t ? i think that he's pretty clearly on the feeling side ; the only reason that he takes so long to listen to the tapes is that he gets really emotional from listening to ... yeah , i suppose that it's definitely possible that she simply adopted idealistic fantasies through what she saw in books , movies , and such , and sure , s types can like poetry . anyway , she still seems ... i think it's good . it's well-made , the story is done well , and the characters are well-written . i will tell you , though , that some of the scenes with extreme situations are pretty graphic . it's a ... in the first episode , she explained something along the lines of having had an idealistic vision of what she had wanted her first kiss to be like , so i thought that her being too trusting was caused ... hannah : enfj clay : isfj or possibly isfp . clay's mom : esfj clay's dad : intp tony : istp i did that exact same thing with a moth , but it was a bit injured from being in the web and it couldn't fly very well , so it got eaten by a lizard right after i let it go outside . i'm kind of the opposite . conversations are a lot more interesting to me than physical activities . i have to agree that xntjs are probably the most arrogant on average . it doesn't seem uncommon for xntps and xstxs to be arrogant as well , and i suppose that there are probably arrogant people of all ... i relate most to characters that are intps , intjs , entps , and infps . 1 : do you consider yourself creative ? tell me about it . short answer : yes . long answer : it depends on how we define creative . if you're asking if i consider myself able to create things or ... i'm an intp who was raised christian , but i became an agnostic atheist by age sixteen . i'm not surprised that intps were one of the most likely to become atheists , but i'm a little surprised that ... as others have said , everything within the universe happens because of a cause . if the question is if i believe that everything in the universe happens for a reason in that everything has a cause , ... '