' so why do they put so much credence in those unfalsifiable premises ? don't know . i don't think i pretend to carry about my friends . i have crossed the line , but generally by accident . can't think of a time i deliberately crossed the line . pushed the line , maybe . yeah , i don't like them either . doubt i do the hide the hair gel thing . probably something verbal , but it's hard to give an example . easier to do one in the moment . insulting myself is fair game , ... wow ... i'm not sure if that's undercutting humor or off-balance humor ... the insults go so far that it's off-balancing ... yeah , building him up like that would be too cruel . but teasing him about his vanity might be a way of testing how open he is to admitting it . it is a way of testing his boundaries , hopefully in a ... yeah , if i was teaching a math class , that would be a good idea . ( note to self : do that when i teach logic and reasoning next time ! ) what i'm talking about with examples is more , here's some really ... so what's the point of calling the guy zoolander , do you think ? i mean , that is what i'm talking about when i talk about undercutting humor . yeah , it's just a joke , but , on one level , you are ... er , not to interrupt the crazyeddie sucks vibe , but i think we've got a misunderstanding here . i don't think the kind of manipulation going on here has anything to do about trust . when used ... huh . well , i suppose it wouldn't be very surprising if my ennegram radar is even less accurate than my mbti radar . different kinds of being a dick . you're a horrible person vs . let's put you into this uncomfortable position and see what you do . i think all humor is about being a dick , on some level . do ... and you , buddy , seem pretty type 9 to me :) yes , that would be the problem with manipulation in general . yep . call it hypocrisy . i get that people don't see me doing this ( or , they see me doing this , and i don't catch them seeing me ) , ... yeah , the goading into a response i would do if they pissed me off - generally by messing with the peace . but i also sometimes knock friends off-balance too . doesn't undercut them ( i * hate * that ... hmm . i think we'd ( whatever category of ' we ' we're talking about here - and generalizing to ' we ' does seem to be a type 9 thing ) would cop to it being manipulative , but not dishonest or ... hmm . i'm torn between making as graceful a retreat as i can , given the circumstances , and trying to offer you advice based on my own experience , and risk pissing you off all over again . your call ? humor * is * generally assholish , in one form another . i guess it depends on what flavor of asshole you like . and i apologize for generalizing from my own behavior to intps in general . do you mind ... well , on the upside , turnabout is fair play . i don't think most of the intps who do this would mind the tables being turned , aside from them having to do some more of the work . well , he was never certain about his own position ( and neither am i ) , the technique * does * further dialogue - in fact , it squeezes it , to use bengalcat's term . i don't remember him actually ... again , sorry if i hurt you . good to know this sort of thing can have that effect on people . guess i'll have to use it more wisely in the future . in my defense , i was doing it because i did respect ... well , the entire point of the maneuver is to emotionally manipulate somebody into digging up the dirt on your own pet theory . so , you get them annoyed at you , so they'll take it out on the theory . if ... hmm . don't remember doing it ' live . ' except maybe when i teach , when i really * am * the authority . hmm . i don't think type 9s naturally put themselves in positions of authority . setting themselves up as the authority is actually * part * of the act - we're pushing you to rebel ! bengalcat for what it's worth , yeah , the girl finally confronted that infj guy . not only did he not like her , he was confused why she might think he liked her :/ so consider your intuitions ... it's sort of the opposite of asking a leading question . with a leading question , you're pushing the person to agree with you . in a case like this , you're pushing them to * disagree * with you . it's not ... well , i do generally reserve that particular method for people who already pissed me off . ( if you're going to be squished , then at least get squished by people you almost have a moral duty to be ... sorry ... t_t well , people don't generally catch on to the fact that you're pissing them off just to get them to dig up the dirt on your theory for you :) no , the drawback to that particular tactic is that you ... a lot of it depends on the style of the emotional ' provocation . ' do you remember that one time , i asked you for advice about an infj who had a girl crushing on him ? and i was trying to figure out if ... well , i wouldn't change to appease him :) to improve my teaching , yes . and i have gotten some feedback from students that a clearer outline would help their note-taking . but , since i really don't use ... <twitch> perhaps i should mention that we're both * analytic * philosophers ? we might be each other's arch-nemsis , but at least we ain't @ # $ % post-modernists ... yeah , that sounds about right . like i said , i think he's an ixtj , but i can't tell if he's using ni , or if he just has that goddamn much literature crammed into si . strangely enough , a lot ... well , it's mostly been jabs at my teaching style , so far > . > we have radically different ideas on that as well . neither of us are terribly good at putting our actual theories into words . he has said ... well , there is this one guy in our department ... he's a kantian . i hate kant . and , like just about every kantian i've met , he's naturally a horrible asshole whose horrible assholishness is kept in ... no , i haven't . but , yeah , i know relativism has its flaws too . for one thing , i'd only be able to say that bin laden is a horrible horrible person relative to my culture . the variant i'm working on ... with ne , i know that it's not so much about truth as possibility . with ne , i can see things that * may * be true , but it's up to ti to see if it makes sense , it if it's coherent with what i already ... i still like the idea that somebody had of just taking baby ! hitler back with you to the future . good chance wwii would still happen , given the political climate in germany , but it'd certainly be ... well , given how many buildings we got on campus , that would mean about once a year for some building on campus . which seems to be about the reconstruction schedule , actually . perhaps , but i * would * like to be able to tell the ghost of bin laden that he's a horrible horrible person and say something * objectively * true . even if it would be less fun than the land of do as ... psh , it's not relativistic to say that a tool is morally neutral . the guy deserves it could be an objective moral truth . besides , if you want to talk meta-ethics , i'm a frustrated objectivist ( no ... which would take a while , given how stingy the state is being of late :/ still , they do occasionally retrofit a building , or build a new one . wonder how hard that would be to do then ? surely they ... remember , people : wisdom begins with saying i don't know . hmm . more like a train wreck , i'd say - like a train heading over a cliff , following the rails ... in some ways , mere arrogance and narcissism is more forgivable . it's like how stupidity can be more ... i think this is probably the most effective strategy mentioned in this thread so far :) the university has steam from the power plant that it uses for heating during the winter . i know you can use live steam to cool , using adsorption cooling . i wonder if the university is already using ... no , i think i get this too . we slack and procrastinate so much that if we have free time , where we don't have to worry about slacking , it makes us think maybe we forgot about what we're ... depends on how you use it . it can be a useful tool , and like all tools , it can be used for good or evil . if the person you're deliberately pissing off is an asshole , it's all good . yes . < 10 chars > hopefully some esfjs will wonder through and respond , but i'd say that si is all about what you're used to . so a good chunk of how those two esfjs act could just be how they were raised . idk . that does indeed suck . not as bad as the one-month-in couple's counseling , and getting yelled at for not filling out the worksheets , but it does suck . anybody else notice in2itive having a bad ... heh , if they're geek squab , you'd be better off eating them ... if only the reality lived up to the marketing ... '