' does anyone else smell enfp ? i think you're in the wrong forum , buddy . first , all entps are going to lean towards ne , because newsflash : it is our dominant function . second , entps don't impose ... hmm ... where do you see fe / ti ? here's my elphaba thropp analysis : ni - self righteous , sticking to one main goal te - loud , demanding , aggressive ; applies logic to outside world fi - rigid ... the show's season premiere is in , like , five minutes , so in the haze of my obsession , i decided now was the perfect time to start this thread . i'm sure there are places where people type fairytale ... then pinocchio is wrong , which is not the same as lying . poseidon had interaction with mortals ? where , exactly ? i think zeus would have more interaction with them simply because poseidon was usually off somewhere in the middle of the ocean . i've never read ... lol , i play the sax . perfect instrument for an entp , in my opinion . :) lately , i'm obsessed with b-way show tunes ... and old disney ( * hides in shame * ) i take music lessons , so those are the songs i mainly focus on . i also enjoy the band u2 , some pop ( but it gets soo ... interesting ... for such a patriarchal society , the greeks sure liked their thinking goddesses ... athena and artemis were both very well-respected . yeah , i see intj and ixtp from these two ladies , ... we're the ones kicking the boys ' asses in any sort of intellectual competition - debate being the prime example . :p roud : we usually stand out , and since you're an intp , we're likely to be involved in ... i don't mind experiencing emotion . like many have put it , i just hate not knowing what it is . which may very well be the problem - certain emotions simply cannot be defined , which drives nts of every ... the intp teacher teacher : i'm handing back your tests now , so prepare yourselves . student : what if we cry ? teacher : there are tissues over there . i really love having intp teachers . they have ... awkward moment when an entp shows up ... * waves * hey , guys ! okay , i went to a private school my whole life , and i would venture that in my younger years ( kindergarten - 5/6 grade ) a good forty ... shawn : entp w / se . he is so obviously ne dom , though . he may be great with sensing what's around him , but when it comes down to it , his ability to recognize patterns and analyze data make him an ... i don't think it's a bad thing . i feel something towards it , but i don't think that's as important as understanding that this is fundamentally wrong . maybe it doesn't inspire you , but does it ... how many sjs does it take to change a light bulb ? umm ... one . how many sjs does it take to change a light bulb ? change ? do we have to ? how many infjs does it take to change a light bulb ? ... for me , the hardest thing to accept as a rational woman ... it's okay to be in the majority . who knew , right ? i was a tomboy for a few years , before i realized that in my zealous pursuit of ... i know entps are supposed to be good with this , but i sure as hell am not . i become irritated when people give me that kick-under-the-table look ( * cough * enfjs * cough * * cough * ) , like i'm saying ... bones is an intj , i believe . at times , she is very sensory and does indeed have trouble with metaphors , but she has a very nt-ish desire to know the truth . although she admits that she is not ... okay , so i've searched far and wide for anything / anyone that tried to type characters in the book / musical , wicked and found nothing ... so i've decided to post a thread . is anyone else completely out ... so , i've been somewhat obsessed with this book since i've been reading it in english , and i've been attempting to myers-briggs type the characters , so here's what i've come up with so far ... jane - ... my opinion ( as an xntp ): intps have a tendency to be too harsh and judgmental , so this can lead to conflict with other personalities , especially feelers . but , intps who have grown up around esfjs ... jesus christ is an entp . no . no way . that's mental . if someone could type jesus ( and you probably can't ) , he'd be an xnfj . anywho , my personal favorite real one is walt disney , and my favorite ... seriously though , we upstage pretty much every other type . funny , talented , smart , versatile , witty , charming ... and let's not forget modest . ;) so everyone post one reason why we're just so ... thank you all for your suggestions ! they helped a lot and i really appreciate them . :) my best friend is an infj . i honestly couldn't ask for a more loyal , trustworthy , and amazing friend , but sometimes it's difficult for me to understand her . i naturally feel the need to break the ... i think scarlett's more of an estj . i don't think she's p , because she's very much a planner , and although she can improvise , she prefers to stick with a plan . here's an idea - journalism . 1 . it takes good writing skills , but there's no need to come up with cheesy dialogue . 2 . each story only takes a few days to write , so there are no long-term ... oh , and my favorite entp of all time is ... jo , from little women ! and the cheshire cat , of course . :) i don't think so . one would hardly describe him as being curious , although he can definitely improvise and has a quick wit . i'm pretty sure he's an estp , actually . if you look at the description , ... i have to say , i think of hermoine as intj through and through , though she becomes more extroverted throughout the series . she's a very good problem solver , and likes to think outside the box to ... you know you're an entp when ... you laugh before everyone else and they all think you're crazy ... but what do you care ? you're far more intelligent than they are . you argued with your second grade ... when i'm with another introvert , i usually talk more , esp . with my best friend , whom i mentioned early on is an infj . usually , school is the place where i feel most extroverted . i'm one of those ... haha . i knew something like that would happen . :) as for your question , it really depends on the situation . there have been multiple times at school when i've had diarrhea of the mouth and have said ... the ntp descriptions describe me quite well , but i once had a few f-ish tendencies ... when i was little , i was sometimes impulsive and made a few choices based on my feelings , but only when i felt ... on second thought , i take back what i said about clarity , since i'm always correcting spelling / grammar . 1 . emotions , probably . although it's hard to say , since many of my friends and family are very fi , and i've gotten better at relating to them . 2 . clarity , definitely . 3 . i tell my ideas to others ... i know i'm not an enfp . i make decisions based on logic . and i don't think that i'm too young to figure it out . though personalities can change , i've read that about 95 % of it is obvious by the time ... hmm ... okay , then . i spend a lot of time alone in my room doing research on different things , reading , or just thinking about different things . with my close friends , i'm always eager to share my ... hey , guys ! okay , i'm fourteen years old , and i know that i'm either entp or intp . intp : i prefer not to go to parties . i will spend hours doing research on anything that interests me . i have ... hmm ... jo : entp beth : isfp amy : estp meg : isfj i think the rest are right ... god , it's been so long since i read those books ... she sounds like an intj to me . just one that's probably learned not to be very controlling . i always thought s . j . was entp ... but , maybe i just want him to be like me . ;) scout seems enfp in the book , but since she was based on harper lee herself , she's probably infp . aunt alexandra - esfj , i believe . boo radley seems to be isfp to me . other than that , you're pretty ... am i the only one who thinks enxp ? i say p since she seems to be keeping things open , as i've heard her say in interviews , and has also said that she enjoys school , but isn't obsessed like hermione ... could it be ? ! * blinks * an interesting hero who isn't f ? ! what's more , is intp ? ! sorry , i'm an animated / kids movies fan , and the main characters are always f ... * glares at disney * :( apparently , disney / pixar doesn't like the ntp's ... i love singing . my voice is quite good , if i do say so myself , so it is something that comes naturally . i find it very therapeutic and it releases a lot of stress . i don't cry very often , but when i ... my grandmother is entj and she and i relate quite well . she is a great story-teller and has a very sarcastic sense of humor . although she can sometimes be overly critical or harsh , it's part of her ... '