' is a x-files fan . ( what else is there to say ? ) sorry to say it but i think you're right about him being with you out of convenience . i'd say leave him now . save yourself the time and trouble . go find someone who's unambiguous about his feelings ... am i the only intj who sucks at maths ? sure - - i will send it to you as a pm . i don't want those with attitude problems to potentially chime in and hinder or irritate the discussion . nietzsche . he resonates with me strongly . out of all philosophers , he's the one i can relate to strongest . there are similarities between his life and mine , which might have something to do with it . ... friedrich nietzsche , unequivocally : “ without music , life would be a mistake . ” “ that which does not kill us makes us stronger . ” “ he who has a why to live for can bear almost any how . ” ... thinking about what i'm going to eat for dinner . maybe half an hour a day . unless i'm exercising on that day , in which case it will double to quadruple , if not more . if you could only listen to one more song / piece of music before you died , what ... my trip to europe in two weeks . rice with fish and olives . digressions , objections , delight in mockery , carefree mistrust are signs of health ; everything unconditional belongs in pathology . - friedrich nietzsche no , i don't even know what most peoples ' personality types are . at least half the time i'd say it results in failure . definitely due to jumping the gun , so to speak . incompatible personalities that truly manifest only after it's too late , is what the reason is . hello , fellow aussies . i've been here before , a few years ago . different account . i ' retired ' , now i'm back , willing to give the ' site a second try , i suppose . i rocked up to school one day in 5th grade and decided for whatever reason to not wear underwear that day . other kids sitting behind me could see my arse crack and proceeded to insult me until the ... a girlfriend would be nice . absolutely , 100 % . it's a hallmark of the modern age . for the most part , society has no time for you unless you can make them $ . and 95 % + of making $ is through logical thinking , not creative . meeting new people . darren when you have a nonexistent love life . ? it's like the fuckin ' regularness of life is too fuckin ' hard for me or somethin ' . - christopher moltisanti whopper meal from hungry jacks ( or as the americans call it , ' burger king ' ) i strongly advise against pursuing a degree in a particular industry simply based on it's potential lucrativeness , or how in demand the potential job market for it is . find something you will enjoy ... welcome welcome unemployed it does its job . i hate zombies and any other thing affiliated with them . it does my head in how popular they are . about to have a shower . silence silence is a virtue , i'm not going to fucking hurt you , lucid empty room , heroin on a spoon , my favourite pantaloons , for wearing in hot air balloons , peace , serenity , sanity , the ... friendzoned he wanted to be more than friends , she wanted someone to confide in , he was the perfect guy , for being friends with only , she cried about all of her douchebag boyfriends , he ... undoubtedly . i meant is as in the future they would have , had they not killed themselves . i'm sure you understand what i mean , you just want to play with words . blueberry pie with vanilla ice cream . trying to find a new laptop to buy . the reason the people aren't killing themselves is because they are fooled by hope . they irrationally think some great life changing event will eventually happen in their lives , but for the ... coins pile of coins on his desk , lack of respect , money perplexed , penis erect , onlookers vexed , imminent arrest , strange death , vindicating breath , denial will he forever be denied the throne , beneath his place he still sits , bottomless pits , in anger he spits , curses and fits , torrential venom from a self-conscious phenom , stand up and ... my take ? - being in the right environment / s , at the perfect time / s . or in other words , luck . after 6 drinks i turn into an entj , after 20 drinks i turn into an esfp . both intj another ' my penis is bigger than your penis ' thread . not bad . will be a lot better on friday , if all goes well . yes , but should the succeeding generations go through abject sufferings in the here and now , for the benefit of the lives of posterity ? i have always believed that it was not . bringing children into this world , in its current state , is the pinnacle of selfishness . codger oh there is a logical and scientific answer for it , you simply have yet to figure out what it is . let me try and help you . you like ice cream , therefore we can presuppose that you enjoy ... ok . so what can't it explain ? was going to do so but alas , can't find my webcam . https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/-dlHdZ51k_UA/UI1FH9elgAI/AAAZIY/GgfDkY-MlQ8/s400/407700_399468880123330_1630616888_n.jpg '