' oh gosh , it's okay ! really love , you don't have to apologize it's not so bad anymore . we're all grown and mature enough to deal with what happened to us as just another stage of our lives that we've ... see , i think that's where your emotional freedom of sorts might come from . excusing the fact that from what you've told me , you seem to have been a naturally emotionally stable kind of person , you're ... so i'm not going to delve into my own backstory , i'm not all that keen on sharing it , but i can say that as terribly useless as this might sound , i understand , to some extent , where you're coming ... see , i mean , i'd much rather admit to someone having the desire to be different or special based on what natural quirks that they posses . what gets me is the one's that actively spend time telling ... oops , i think we really took care of that hijacking thing for you , sorry about that . but i would think that can be said for a lot of intp's from what i've seen . the statement i am right , is not ... i figured as much for the most part . but i do think , that when both parties are lacking in the information department , being cocky might give you the upper hand in making it seem like you know your ... i know , i'm absolutely useless with finishing anything at all . the amount of unfinished notes and ideas that i've hoarded are off the charts . ( my humble thing is just a really gr8 facade , i'm secretly cocky as all hell you just wait and see . ) honest to goodness though , i don't think i''ll ever be fully convinced of my type for some ... i'd like to hope i'm not , i mean come on we have to have at least a handful of 15 year olds milling about somewhere . i don't know , i'm just waiting for the 19 to hit , i literally have never been so ... you'd be surprised at how often being 18 gets me scoffed at . my opinion tends to hold little to no weight , but that's cool i don't really mind per say . ( unless i'm around a group of really ... i'm really fond that this thread turned into a height + age instead of just height , save for the fact that i'm only slightly embarrassed by my youth . well , the thing about smoking with me is that i understand why most people think it's useless , which it kind of is i won't argue it . it's that classic case of i thought it looked cool ( still think it ... mumbles incoherent noises you and and this entire intp community are way nicer than you should be . freaking out a little , how can i say thanks creatively ? i've had a real long time polishing my people smile ! ! so yeah , i'm rarely without a grin in pictures or with others . so thank you ! ! screams , gosh thank you ahh . sorry wow okay i don't do very well taking compliments from pretty girls , alright . okay , surprisingly enough i smile in all my photos . i tend to look hecka sociable . 75589 i know that feeling most of the time . but sometimes , wow that loss of control is just intoxicating , no pun intended . alternatively why i don't get drunk often , some sort of dependency is just bound ... i'm not all that great at staying on topic when i speak , i mean i'm a powerful speaker , but i'd definitely be sacrificing my grade if i did talking versus a paper . wow more like my dream . okay , but i challenge you on the cleavage front . being a girl gives me practically unlimited rights to stare at other girls boobs as much as i like , so there . and that's ... i know , christ smokes are so much money . i quit ( kind of ? ) for the time being , at least till i find a part-time and can legally buy them on my own . huh , i avoid getting drunk too , am i allowed to ... i know , but ugh there's something about staring at pages after pages of something you've written and just kind of confirming it's real ? words are so ephemeral , even when recorded . but when i write , ... you may have won the battle etc etc . and rude , i'm totally not even that short i maintain a good average thank you very much . i'd rather not be like 5000 ft tall . so i was just curious about how many intp's participate in recreational drugs man , i hate that term . so in more casual words , how many intp's smoke weed or get drunk or do miscellaneous other ... lies and slander . air can be quite stubborn too ! especially when worked up into a tizzy , or something . i didn't pick air in regards to flow , i picked it because of its moldability . and while that might sound the ... i'll drink to that . woah now , friend , that's never a boring topic cheers to you . dystopias are some of the most creative things out there ? i know that feeling . i don't think i've ever ... wow , okay so i'm noticing a lot of intp's enjoy writing and so on . so i was wondering , what's your genre ? is it diary writing , romance , sci-fi , horror , journalism ? i mean , as funny as it ... sitting at about 5 ' 5 , fortunately i think i'm just about done growing , though i find it a little bit hilarious that someone out there tried to compile research on height in correlation to ... i actually really love how ecclectic the answers ended up this time , almost every choice landing at least one intp . and it's also great that everyone had a different word to describe themselves . this is actually devastatingly true , which bothers me more than i'm willing to admit . well , as much as it sucks , i am so fixated on the concept of trying not to be unique or different , it ... i'm actually fairly good with complainers . it can be hard sometimes , even when you realize that you're not allowed to offer a set list of solutions to problems they might have . i guess practice has ... i do agree with the concerned and willing , if not eager , to help . what gets me though is the judgmental bit . i think it's less about not being judgmental and more about the fact that i'm just not ... okay , while i'm not disagreeing with you , i can't get over my base irrationality that the number of sides makes me uncomfortable . practical , fine ; enjoyable , not so much . i guess , but i mean it doesn't happen with enough frequency that it gets tiring ? personality issues generally don't come up in my day to day conversations , unfortunately . and while i agree with ... well i suppose that when i make friendships , i always have the underlying knowledge that at some point or another , it will come to an end . either they will leave or i will . i can't get very ... i seriously need you to tell me why on earth a triangle of all things would be practical , haha . i suppose that might be the intp in me , haha . i hate staying quiet when someone hasn't understood something properly , misinformation makes me slightly anxious . yes , it's the keeping friends i usually struggle with . i'm starting to attribute it to my level of involvement and interest . considering i lose interest in things after a set amount of time , not ... woah , so i'm noticing a lot of people going off on the fact the intp females are really shy or don't leave their houses etc . being an introvert does not automatically make you socially handicapped ? i ... i'll admit , i was definitely a square . i'm an absolute sucker for hard lines . i almost picked circle , in correlation to the ensō and what it means to me . but angles get me every time , and there's ... getting to see what others have answered is neat , i think it just further proves the point that not all people of the same type are exactly the same ? intp's are so diverse it's kind of a little ... well to be honest , it's mostly family that gets my vote of obligation . friends are a little bit iffier , lots of them assuming that i need to be 100 % committed to being their friend without getting ... well fair enough , but i suppose my obligation falls more under the category of respect and convenience . it's a lot simpler to keep in contact with my family than face the inevitable disdain and ... communication out of obligation isn't always a bad thing , in my opinion . you never know when that relationship might be conducive to some goal you've set . i mean , sure it might not be fun , but in ... yes , i've had a ten or so year friendship that came to a rather abrupt end , and i was almost shocked at my lack of sadness over the matter . i thought it would mean more to me , considering we were ... okay so i've had a bit of experience with people finding out i'm an intp and then proceeding to ask me theoretical questions about how i'd react in an emotion situation in contrast to how a normal ... it's almost unfortunate , but it's true . intp's aren't the best kind of people to have around the workplace , and during a job interview , your strongest skill set might just be your ability to lie and ... i mean just because i don't care doesn't mean i can't feel . i just figure there's so many people that don't see a difference between those two concepts it always makes me feel like i have to explain ... okay so they said i should totally make one of these , so i'm following through for once . i think i'm supposed to list my type and talk about myself or something , but i'm kinda stumped on the whole ... so i've been doing a shit ton of sniffing around intp personality stereotypes and i'm finding a lot of people claiming not to have emotions , or are just plain sociopaths and i mean , besides that ... '