' how about we read a non-biased thread written by somebody who is either black , lgbti , non-cis orientation / queer or non-traditional gender representing rather than this one ? what is your skin ... i want to introduce more people or migrants who can outnumber and reproduce faster than the people who support contemporary ' masculinism ' in the west . massive amounts if possible because i don't like ... la li lu le lo ( appreciate your chivalry in this though of looking out for the more vulnerable ) and everybody else here ? generally a vast majority of all the non-traditional gender representing ... quoting and responding to the bloody posts ? also i said fuck the west and its social hierarchy of men / women in power . also we can just get rid of the west and your hierarchy won't be as much of a ... we need to support and protect this group from society however via funding if possible and an exception for better or subsized access to firearms or higher grade ones for better self defence ( since ... afterwards i takeover then i make the white race extinct and finalize in handing all power over to the jews i work for the jews first , foremost and they are my masters the navy seals have guns and can also fire at them from a long distance including before they detect it ? what would happen then say if they raided the malfoy compound when voldemort , the death eaters ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PDxKxnVZtgo both what you call of the men's rights and feminist issues were fulfilled in the soviet union or similar countries during their era and also today in the dprk ( where both genders are equally made to ... me personally annihilating the white race so that my masters george soros and the jewish communist islamists will dominate , i will make it mandatory for white macho males to be cuckolded to highly ... a nuclear / world war has what they want all incorporated into it , just like 1914 . we need another one perhaps in which they can get to live it again ? voldemort believed in ' blood purity ' so doubt there would be anything . and why would the seal teams die ? in australia , spain and greece the picture of that housing you provided would be worth millions or hundreds of thousands , and if somebody manages to be rich enough to buy it they would go woohoo , i ... now if you can give the ' free homes ' aspect of socialism then that would be great , even if they are a ' shithole ' or garage / prison cell , mud-hut , or even straw-hut type with just wifi ( still awesome ) ... venezuela a country with 70-80 % private sector and still growing yeah so totally and utterly ' socialist ' . when socialist = 0 private sector or below 5 % . anything left of centre = socialist ( alt-right ... i want people who are jewish and communist at the same time to run this world , i voluntarily work for george soros , open society foundations and will stop at nothing until israel dominates this whole ... abolishing the property ( wives ) of straight and full-white trad macho men , and distributing / offering married white women plus their money to refugees or asylum seekers and have them pay for any of ... make it compulsory for refugees or asylum seekers to be granted already married white women as partners and any children that they have to be paid by any ' masculine white men ' ( who must be available ... what about we also make it like this ? , compulsory for the married wives of white ' traditional masculine men ' to have relationships with asylum seekers , preferably as fertile as possible . any children ... the highly fertile asylum seekers do not have to pay for their child either , the paying responsibility only goes to the white male who is married to the wife one thing is certain , islam could potentially have a good chance of saving or liberating the west from fascism and policies about ending poverty . they seem to hate both muslims and the people they ... not exactly as much , but i did watch it in the past when it was out so know about it and that but this is just a parody video . i'm more of a ' faction / alignment ' fan regardless of genre would say . ... if where you live allows you to carry guns then you are very lucky . what i am saying is i wish i could have them and it was legal to do so . in places like these you have a ' macho culture ' or especially in the suburbs i live at that aren't exactly fond of xnfps , in which you might get ' picked on ' if at the wrong places which hasn't ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4cZqRzHnI8s i from the jewish communist muslim bolshevik council of george soros hereby declare compulsory cuckoldry on the west until all white males are replaced . white women are are married must have ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4cZqRzHnI8s could the best course of action be to try and cause a war perhaps ? i mean talking big picture , that was what got people thinking for the better after having seen its flaws during implementation ? ... we have a situation in this world where when / if we are kind good sometimes evil takes advantage of our mercy to hurt / backstab us ? then of course most that are evil have to be cowards to survive ... i think our best bet in surviving against or dealing with evil is to become like ' badgers ' abstractly in our approach against them , peaceful but when we are attacked respond in the same way to ... i took the official questionnaire for ' houses ' and was sorted into hufflepuff wizards duel each other on the streets of chicago : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G0OGjPzHOB0 wizards duel each other on the street of chicago . awww wish roman candles were legal here : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G0OGjPzHOB0 beating up a bully is a similar scenario to making a revolution against somebody with a predatory mindset that intends to treat you badly . but so to describe , for my ' violent side ' its just like ... then again what about if it comes to dealing with ' people ' that are predetermined by genes to be things such as ' dominant , aggressive , violent ' in nature and no matter what you try they cannot be ... and there is a good reason why not rewarding evil exists , punishing them ( what you call retribution ) tells them what they do is wrong . you assume that they are all rehabilitate-able which is ... gun control is cancer , it only limits gun ownership to people of a higher income . aside from that i find it nearly impossible to go by without doing anything gun related in any way , shape or form ... what happens if they become traumatised / mentally affected to a point where they can't function with that mindset or try it anymore with immense confidence lost ? at the same time wouldn't it both ... it can if it's made as painful as possible without antiseptics however ? which i would suggest , that being said what about using a hatchet / axe or a clear swing from a samurai sword / katana ? or the ... the thing is , guns like crossbows are more mechanical in nature generally instead of electrical ? kind of like crossbows in general which also fire in an arch but use power . some ask the question ... to make it quicker why not use something like an axe / fire hatchet , 50 caliber , a traditional japanese style katana ( also known as a samurai sword ) or butcher knife ? so yep it would be ok because of ... they should and must be if they feel no guilt , plus the less guilt they feel the more painful it should be . i also think gold-diggers are in a similar category to rapists and castration could be ... this is why gold-diggers need to be treated equal to rapists / pedophiles under law . what they are doing is technically the same thing . equal jail sentence length or death warrants etc . would it be like an mmo combat triangle ? ranged users beating magic users ? : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2g-YBw_yyLk except constructively the reason why i don't support it is because of the predatory behavior it allows / encourages otherwise i wouldn't have as much of a problem . sure you could make an argument if we ... yes , from some time ago we were able to recognise and discern what evil is . trying to resort to moral relativism is actually a subconscious ' run away and hide ' technique that not all but most want to ... here is a good method for not allowing somebody to take advantage of you , in a positive and negative sense . an eye for an eye , a tooth for a tooth . if somebody does something good for you then do it ... purple or magenta eyes ? if somebody were to hurt me i would take revenge on them , and ruin it for them too but why don't you do this ? this is a system that promotes exploitation in almost every area of life except the ... good and evil are just as real as any concepts but perceived in a similar manner to how we perceive this reality in general , some people are short sighted , blind , long-sighted or 20/20 . if say a ... '