' i'm going to use this meme later . i used to do the same thing , it didn't work out well for me either , for similar reasons . i voted anarcho-capitalist even though i hate the idea of capitalism , i just hate it slightly less than communism . honestly there needs to be some sort of new political system where neither ... hmm , depends on what you're interested in , if you want to learn some basic formulas used in engineering and physics i could help you with that i suppose , or if you want to know how to fine the sine ... the nomadic lifestyle generally isn't associated with having alot of money , unless you were a traveling salesman ( or saleswoman ) . if you were going to save just don't pick a local bank to store ... logic is invaluable but logic and emotion are not two seperate things as many people believe , they work together . that passion that inspired einstein to work on his general theory of relativity ... i really appreciate all of the kind and wise words from everyone , i actually feel alot better . ( especially since it's the weekend . ) i've been listening to alan watts alot more lately , it's very ... i think you're misunderstanding , i truly want to help her , she has always been my rock , she has been a mother to me ever since i was a child and she's truly the kindest person i know , her life has ... so true . she's got social security , no savings left though . also social security doesn't really pay enough for her to pay the taxes on her house . ( her house is all she really has ) she originally had 5 ... i've read a few of your posts , i generally like your style , keep up the good work . ( and yes i'm being sincere . ) it's a great time to get rid of my morning boner . don't worry , i didn't have sex until i was 20 and honestly it's overrated . if nothing else find a girl with low self esteem and ask for her number , i know it sounds bad but that's how i got my ... i want to say thank you to everyone here , it's nice to know i'm not alone in my sentiment . the whole backpacking around thing actually sounds quite nice , not so materialistic but totally free ... unfortunately it's not quite that simple in my case , i have to provide for my 77 year old grandmother and i'm about half way done with college so i can't just up and quit , although sometimes i wish i ... i'm currently working my way through college to be an electrical engineering technician , i'm seriously starting to question the point of it all , it's like an endless cycle of work and school all to ... they're expensive and overrated , get and android for half the price . i'll get it started : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wDvHtS97IE8 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ktbhw0v186Q http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5fCgPMMH4vA fuck yeah , free expression nigga . http://photos1.blogger.com/blogger/5479/3191/1600/Kozmo_Reunion_037%5B2%5D.jpg i know this is a bit off topic in some ways but it also kind of sums everything regarding my fellow amuricans in one video , as well as rampant corporatism , which i guess kind of relates to the ... that made me laugh and smile , you sir are awesome . honestly , i don't know , i can't prove it either way , so i don't care to speculate about it . so true . go for it ! if you don't you'll regret it later ! the worst thing that can happen is he'll say no , but it's better than never finding out . well , what you're suggesting is that the bar has been lowered , which would suggest to me that yes , in fact , the people have gotten dumber to allow this to happen , we're all guilty , myself included ... i know it's always been this way , we have always lived under rulers , even democratically elected rulers are still just that ... rulers . i don't know , the way the world is heading it looks like we're going to die here anyway and if not , live in complete poverty , probably within the next decade or so , when that happens , i'd rather take ... infj's whine too much over shit that's totally irrelevant , and never let anything go . the above poster is totally right ! show him your tits and you're in ! or should i say he's in ... you . ( sorry for the dirty pun but i just couldn't resist ) i'm going to college to become an engineering technician , it's a lot better than high school , the people are more mature . true , there was a lot of religious persecution , i'd hope the people would be smart enough to at least set up a democratic style government but i doubt it . as for me , i'd want to go just to leave ... in what context ? because people are generally morons ? or because even the smartest of humans are morons compared to other advanced civilizations that may exist in the universe ? personal problems i suppose , although i guess i was hoping the type of people that would want to go to mars would be humanities best and brightest , even so , nothings guaranteed i suppose . it seems that's something that is lacking in this world ... i fear for the future of humanity ... i actually tried to sign up for the mars one project today but unfortunately i didn't have the 38 ... i see the humour in it and it's really fucking funny , you probably shouldn't post something like this on perc café , you would get more serious responses on a medical forum or something , but with a ... i love this video , i also love the other one where he states we're human beings goddamn it and were not going to take it anymore ! god i wish people would wise the fuck up ... holy shit , that made me laugh , reminds me of those fucked up questions you read on yahoo answers this post should be quoted on tosh . o . you're totally right , reminds me of this old meme : http://cache.spreadshirt.com/users/1872000/1871883/383555/img/383555_20120312113725.jpg i'm an intp male , this guy sounds like me when i'm interested in a girl . the smiling is definitely a good sign , a lot of intp's will be kind of shy because he's probably just as unsure as you are ... when i was growing up , i used to watch the history channel all the time , i enjoyed the programs since most of them were about actual history , i remember shows about the roman empire , a series ... human's are an odd species , much like chimps we also show our teeth ( smiling ) as a sign of love and friendship but for other animal species it's considered a signs of aggression . i don't like maintaining eye contact either , it pisses me off that in our society it's demanded that you look someone in the eye , i don't know what dumb fuck came up with this cultural norm , it ... i hate using the term , ghosts spirits god etc ... i believe there's something there , we just can't really define it physically . i believe in some sort of higher power , some might call it ... sometimes i'm a dick online , sometimes a comedian , sometimes a philosopher . in real life , i guess i'm the same , i'm just me the only difference online is that with anonymity you can ( for the most ... 4 hours a week , plus $ 40,000 per year is a decent amount of money in this hick ass little state and if i really wanted to make more i could just save up to start a business . damn ... i'll admit it , you got me , i applaud your trolling sir . you're still a dick though , but i guess that's the point of trolling . whatever you say . i go back to my earlier point , regarding washington , caesar etc ... they all had to engage in debate at some time in their lives to get to the positions of power they had obtained . and technically ... you sound like a stereotype , i go back to my earlier points regarding washington , caesar etc ... they all engaged in debate to get to the level's that they were at . '