' indeed . my fiance ( intj ) and i corresponded through email when we met in high school . i had an inkling that it was developing into something more , and every now and then he was emotionally open and ... i actually just posted about this on another thread before i even reached this one ! in the past ( even recent , yes ) , it was easy for me to mistake deep connecting feelings for romantic feelings . i ... thanks for sharing ! i think one thing that can be really confusing to other types about enfps is that we have the capacity to care for a lot of people at once and treat most people like they are ... as a kid , i was extroverted and enjoyed being around people . i also got into trouble a lot for mischievous behavior and rule-breaking . i'd sneak out of the apartment or head outside without ... i'm not terribly sure i can say that there is much that sets me apart . i think for an enfp , i'm fairly objective and quite pensive . i think that may be because my te is well-developed . i'm good at ... thank you so much . of course ! all free to apply :) also , not apply , just pm . it's not a job interview :D hey all ! i was piddling my way through the forums and types when i realized : i don't have a single infj in my life ! i figured my life would be much fuller if i could find one ( or a few ) infj penpals ... i don't think you're a coward . i do think that it is unhealthy to pursue someone who is actively avoiding you or not answering you , though . maybe there is a reason for it , like he's going through ... i'm sure they like you now . and if they don't , that's their loss , right ? it takes a lot of chutzpah to admit wrongdoing and to ask for advice . i agree with you about underdeveloped types . most of ... hi ! i used to have a close friend who i think was an isfp . back in high school we had a complicated relationship . i didn't realize how manipulative i was with her ( it was unintentional ) , and ... same . it burns worse than a uti . why do you think that is ? do you think it's an enfp thing , or just an extrovert thing ? in my experiences , being an enfp has its benefits . we're the kind of people that others want to be around for fun . the kind of people that employers want to smooth things over with irate customers , ... hi there numbtopain , halfway through what you're writing , and i promise i'll finish it all , but i have to ask you : do you feel like he respects you ? i think that a relationship should be between ... thanks so much for saying this . i do agree with you , the pain is there . eventually it becomes a dull ache and then fades away once you realize you can live an even more full life without fear of an ... 1 . what is your current ( possibly former ) religion ? 2 . what would you choose your alternative religion to be ? try to avoid just changing denominations or sects . 3 . why ? 4 . why isn't it your ... i think the standards you set for yourself are good . if you feel uncomfortable going beyond the second date with other people , then i don't think you should push yourself to do something you find ... thanks for the response ! it's a great forum , one of the more userfriendly ones i've seen . hope to hear more from you ! what do you mean by specifically first dates ? do you mean having multiple people on a date with you ? it might become a bit complicated to form a relationship with multiple people at once . hi ! a good place to start would be the isfp forum , which you can find under community > keirsey temperament forums > sp's temperament forum - the creators . hope this helps ! hi potatopen ! welcome to the site ! what type of writing do you do ? i dabble in poetry and i've been trying to remain motivated so that i can finally complete a novel . i have a mass of ideas that ... hey , thanks ! feel free to pm me if you're interesting in more than small talk . i certainly am . the forum was a bit more active two years ago . industrial / organizational psychology . so you work with people in a workplace setting and with companies to make their employees more productive . i'm not currently on that track myself , though , but it ... hi , sailor star here . it's been months and months since i've been on this forum . yet i keep coming back to it . enfp , 21 , f , just wanting to chat about anything from entertainment to adventure . i love ... haven't been on this forum in a while and decided to stop by , make friends . honestly , feeling a bit lonely but trying to distract myself with games and music . the pool was closed today , so a bit ... hi ! thank you for your welcome ! i love sailor moon . i used to watch it as a kid with my mother . sailor mercury is the most mature out of the sailor guardians , i admire that she is content with so ... i really love your name . aurora light . anyway , yes it's good to be practical in order to achieve your dreams . i decided to become a counselor ; there is a place in the area that allows counselors ... thanks ! i look forward to the same . what are you up to these days , hiimhere ? i think pinkie still remains an enfp in my book . enfps can be organized in a way only they understand , and pinkie displays this sort of chaotic organization . as an enfp i can relate to her ; i only ... that's okay ! thank you and nice to meet you ! i like your avatar . reminds me of a music video i saw ( the shrine / an argument by fleet foxes ) . k-pax with kevin spacey . honestly the best movie i have ever seen . i recommend it to you , if you're a fan of psychological thrillers . hi there ! i am sailor star , or just star if you prefer ( yes , that is an homage to sailor moon ^ ^ ) . i am an enfp looking to make some new friends . currently a psychology major at a local community ... i've been through some absolutely crazy shiz . seriously . argued with my ex and he called me a terrible person ( bk takes one to know one , dah-link ) , actually have a ldr now ( which i swore i'd never ... where have you been ! ? D: i've been waiting for you :P what a strange coincidence ; i am also an enfp / infp hybrid and a 4w3 . what do you mean how he treats females on the show ? i haven't heard about this ! is there an article you can link me to on it ? 1 ) it's a definite must-see . 2 ) my favorite has to be supreme . what about yours ? 3 ) i don't know of any , but my aunt is an isfj ? guess we still have something in common , though . 4 ) well ... 1 ) i have seen friends and it was funny , but i haven't seen how i met your mother . 2 ) hm , no but i used to play violin . and i was good at it , but i gave it up because i got bored . i may be ... ooh , questions ! 1 ) k-pax , with kevin spacey . 2 ) pizza , but i love chinese and italian food . 3 ) i types of any kind . i also have a habit of looking too far into things , so ss are quite ... 1 ) friends ^ ^ 2 ) same here . 3 ) yay ! :P 4 ) of course ^ ^ 5 ) i'm not terribly jealous . i'm not really into that , strangely . 1 ) i like both because i have both . my cat's name is oreo , and my puppy's name is lucy ( she's a muggin , a mini-pincer / pug mix ) . cats love me for some reason , though . 2 ) i would probably talk to ... 1 ) very well , my ocd friend . i shall fill in the empty spaces , for your sake . 2 ) yes , i would fancy to try something new . :) i'll give it a listen . i'm listening to it now . it's pretty awesome ... 2 ) ooh , electronica and dance . i enjoy that , too , but i don't really know anything on the topic . music is music to me . if it sounds beautiful , then it speaks to me . 4 ) you're going to enjoy it . ... 2 ) i love rock . indie . i avoid rap and only listen to mainstream hits when i need to dance and feel good . breaking benjamin , 10 years , foo fighters , daughter , mumford and sons , and most 90 ' s ... 1 ) oh noes ! irony / and / a pun ! this is too much for me . seriously , though , it tastes better in a fruit salad . with sugar . 2 ) no , i love breasts . mine especially . 3 ) new things keep life fun and ... gah , i give up on the quote things . too much work . gonna number my responses and yours . 1 ) it's still bitter and not something i could eat on a daily basis . 2 ) yeah . you're a j so you ... they actually taste pretty good with sugar . yes , definitely not a fan . but that might be because i'm a control freak , and any instances where i don't have control over a situation is like ... that's not the point of the statement ; what i meant was that somewhere out there someone is relying on you , someone is waiting for you to touch their heart and neither of you know it yet . things ... wow , those are beautiful eyes ! they actually do look like enfp eyes to me , but that's because one of my best friends has an eye color similar to yours and she is an enfp . they have that wise look in ... you know what i absolutely hate ? i hate when someone says we need to talk about something and asks you to meet them later to talk about it . i hate being caught off-guard with things . tell me what ... '