' please don't leave me a bunch of pity . more than anything i just felt the need to write my thoughts . now that i think about it this should have just been a blog but whatever . why can't women just be direct about not being interested ? warning : long and filled with me being a whiny bitch ! as some of you might recall i ended up asking a coworker out to which she ... this evening i find myself wondering what the hell is wrong with me . anyway on saturday i ended up asking a coworker out for thursday . she ended up turning me down because she has school that day , ... yes i've considered it but i don't want to decide that sense i'm only 22 . part of me likes the idea of total freedom . then again having a family also sounds nice . i will say i'm tired of the games ... i would definitely say i had social anxiety when i was younger but i've mostly overcome this . i still over think social situations but i generally don't let it keep me from doing things . if anything ... skiing and snowboarding . trail riding ( dirt bike ) . video games . surfing . hunting . reading about stuff related to my hobbies . learning how to fix things i use . kind of sounds like me . my opinion is most of what you learn in college ( and school in general ) isn't very useful for most people . as for the stuff that might be useful they don't show you how to use it practically . this ... i don't see myself as boring . other people probably view me as boring though because i don't say much , i'm to the point , and i don't go to parties much . when i'm in group settings i find people try to prod me into talking , but with little success . in the end i tend to just sit there listening untill a topic i care about comes up or i feel something ... my bad i missed the ten word rule . a penguin caught a fish in antarctica and then it was eaten by a polar bear . satisfied from his delicious meal , the bear went to sleep . and bingo was his name-o . he had been given this posh name by ... i didn't have much of a religious upbringing though i know my parents are christian . for a number of years i had a questioning belief . the more i thought about it there more problems i had with ... most stuff on history , discovery , military , or similar channels . no reservations and the layover . the big bang theory . top gear . two and a half men ( not the same without charlie though ) . f vs t has nothing to do with being nice . i've known people who i suspect are dominant feelers yet could be down right nasty over nothing . it all goes to show f vs t dosn't mean much in that regard ... 1 . hell no . there's 6-7 billion people on this planet of which about half of them are female . even after narrowing it down to my age bracket and what i consider attractive there's still millions ... i can't give the lady's what they want that easily . i have to see some in return . xd i have a text message stalker . it all comes down to being on social autopilot . if i don't care to deal with the person i try to deal with the person as quickly and efficiently as possible . i actually need as reason to give more ... it drives me nuts . im only able to pull this kind of thing off when i put myself in the mindset to do so before hand . the problem is it's just not natural for me to remain in it . more often then not i come up with a ... i'll save the tweeting for the birds . actually this is the only site i post anything on . never had myspace . no facebook . no google + or whatever it's called . to win the lottery . oh you said career . im still trying to figure that out maybe a linemen ( as in electrical ) . with the relationship part i'll have to get back to you on that . i enjoy going out to dinner with my family . otherwise i see them as just another day . i wasn't big on sports until after high school . i wasn't a natural at it and was to lazy to practice , then i learned to ski . anyway it dosn't need to be a sport . the point is for him to find an ... i vote for leave it for the reasons others have given . does he have any outlets such as sports , hobbies , ect . basically anything he enjoys doing regularly that doesn't include such things as hours of playing video games , watching tv , or surfing the net ... i second the let him make his own mistakes . trying to help him avoid mistakes can often backfire anyway . if it isn't likely to ruin his life it's probably better to let him make the mistake and ... i second the isfj though it's hard to type a person based on a description like this . either way i say she dosn't sound istp . i hate eye contact . for me i find it a distraction from the conversation . when using it i have to think about keeping eye contact but not staring the person down . in the end i say it's just one of ... i don't recall the scores from the mbti tests i've taken . if i had to compare myself to the people around me though i would have to place myself at about 85 % introvert . most days i just don't feel ... how about the teacher that expects you to write a poem . those kind of assignments always pissed me off . never been a fan of poems . this . ( 10 char ) my problem is i kill most conversations fairly quickly because i don't give people much to work with . then theres the problem of not caring for a lot of people i meet . people who drive under the speed limit for no good reason . i can't tell you how often this happens to me . i don't do new years resolutions . january first is just another day to me . i think you and i know thats not the kind of movie i'm talking about . there may be some exceptions besides these three that i can't think of but generally there total garbage . i actually can't ... the only things i don't like about the holiday is the music , having to decorate , and the movies . every year my mom watches all kinds of the terrible christmas movies . you know the ones were some ... your campus too . can't walk anywhere on my campus without steping in it . by the way bbq geese kabobs with bacon tastes great . bacon yum . i feel it should be illegal . if a women decides to have sex she accepts that she could get pregnant . sure you can use protection but no protection is 100 % , so even with it you still should accept the ... it's why i sometimes question whether my dad is an istp . he can get extremely anal about where you leave things . some days he will just start moving your stuff and you come back and can't find it . he ... you seem to be thinking yourself in circles . if i were you i would go out with her on a trial basis and stop comparing her to the enfj's . if it just feels right after a few dates then go with it , if ... thats a tough choice . i deffinitely spend alot of time thinking about and researching my interest's . at the same time after several hours to a few days of this i really need to get up and do a ... outside of my family the only people i regulary interact with is co workers . i've got some co-workers that i get along well enough to were i snowboard with them . infact they invited me on a trip to ... i agree with you that with the right person the conversation should feel natural . having said that my question is how did you meet these women in the first place and what led to the conversations ? ... 1 . i don't know if i would say i'm attracted to people that fall under that category . in general though i prefer people who are laid back ( while still being somewhat dependable ) . 2 . i highly ... i find myself in this same catch - 22 . the basic solution is obvious , but it's still a pain in the ass . then there's the added struggle ( at least for me ) of trying to find things to talk about when ... the only current system i have is 360 . my computers are not really up to gaming specs . having said that i play alot of the mw3 . also just got bf3 but haven't had a chance to play it . basically what the rest of you said . buy a decent size house ( 2000-3500 sq . ft . ) on several acres . then i would take off on a several year trip around the world starting in europe and just go ... '