' the only thing that comes to mind is that an infj is going to care about character more and an intj is going to care about competence more ( than an infj ( typically ( everyone cares about character ) ) ) ... in an argument . gives evidence while the other person has none . your'e just making stuff up . is frustrated . more evidence . stop being so melodramatic . like this . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oOea2LJR0ZY intps , how does the world work ? or whats your current theory about what's important in life or however you prefer to put it . mine's been missing for several weeks and i'm afraid i'll have to adopt ... i was hoping i could just upvote someone's no . oh well . no . proof actually though . though this might not have been what you meant , people telling me that a thing that happened should probably have hurt me or that i probably need something from someone definitely ... if demon hunting counts as improving other peoples lives than that one . not saying demon hunting isn't super cool though . the extent of my knowledge : ht ( link ) tps :/ / www.youtube.com/watch?v=f5jiwdchi0w when ? not a clue . things : - persistence . other things : - share a lot about yourself so chameleoning is easy work . you don't need to give us the autobiography , just be expressive . if they like you they'll start ... same thing happened to me . they can be wicked smart they can . is talking about a thing .  ... but i don't care about that ! what i care about is the fact that - lol clearly you care . : angry : http://t06.deviantart.net/2_BIA5c96WYrsdloMytTkb2MLiE=/fit-in/150x150/filters:no_upscale():origin()/pre03/c925/th/pre/f/2009/290/4/a/evangelion_unit_01_cp_by_origami_artist_galen.png how . from experience : goofy smile when your'e just making normal conversation with them or they catch you doing something different and abnormally you-ish . look at you very intensely when you speak ... sort of . it's true but it's said in a clever nebulous way . there are a lot of correct direct interpretations on a lot of different levels . i'm just saying that the contradiction that i do care ... i didn't get that from her at all . i think she's just getting frustrated because as she's talking she's thinking , omg how am i going to make this work he's so confusing . i'm not seeing , i wish he ... pretty sure that's the same reaction the intj girl had . do you / did you have a point or are ya just discussing ? also i don't understand what this has to do with what you said before . so you ... no comprendo . let's look at the topic of indifference to figure out why indifference rather than look at why indifference to something that should not be ? i don't think they're specific to a ... so hard to impress . * - * oh thank god . i thought i was about to be slain . glad to know we're on the same page . imma go back to my parallel universe now before this turns into the mess it's destined to be . agree that isfps look young . both sfps seem younger to me . your'e causing him to feel feelings and he's just as confused as you are ? so many . take your pick . intj + intp ? - intj forum https://youtu.be/xBJS9g8u2dI http://41.media.tumblr.com/54ca99609e3cfe4c49b070cce800d526/tumblr_njc01aNTgu1u6za5co1_1280.jpg i feel like the ... just like to say that i have a strong base admiration for you guys . i think we're all aware of why it can't go farther than that though . alright , well . i don't know . comment withdrawn . i'm not sure i get your problem . your so wants you to explain your feelings . you say you can't express them to her ( ? ) because you don't pay attention to your feelings . you say you neglect that ... general vibe impression : wow this person is so like me ! except nothing like me . how did this happen . sometimes vibe impressions : this person is influencing me at a very deep level and it's ... lots of questions . - it all boils down to respect . everyone has their own inaccuracies and problems and whatnot . if the person is worth more than their problems to me , than that's when love is ... https://wiki.nci.nih.gov/download/attachments/70157204/win_HL7v3MessageProcessComplete.jpg?version=1&modificationDate=1328629981000&api=v2 how do you feel about fate ? or what do you think about it , either way . do you feel differently about it under certain circumstances ? is it important to you ? : octopus : i feel you . some infjs iv'e met are like that , about disregarding logic i mean . these infjs get on my nerves , i get on theirs . some are alright . i don't know any that still end up on top ... i think your'e getting ntp version of gratitude . which is to say none . i ran across an entp forum abit ago where they talked about how if they were asked to do something they would do it willingly ... absolutely not . i knew a girl who had kinda sorta built her identity with her zodiac sign in mind . i do this thing because i'm a this . you know . unlike us . turns out she had the wrong ... probably a very compassionate world , but still . i can't begin to think of what a world without st's would be like . blue sphere but if you leave them in there for a century they won't all be ... i'm looking for fun witty books that don't aggravate the bs detector . i figured i'd ask around here . can you help me out ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4WPnaDet8eg * wants this thread to live intriguing : other intp enfj intj entp somewhat intriguing : isfp infp infj as someone who likes to impose their opinion on people in general , humility . since he's the one asking you for help , all you need to do is show him something that works and say he could do it that ... kitty 23 did you come up with these yourself ? : blushed : they're great ! can i have your autograph ? is there somewhere i can find the rest ? 0u0 i'm getting an enfj vibe . this seems especially enfj-ish . i'm not 100 % about it though . i think your answer to number 11 definitely puts you in the nf category . the way you say ... agreed . infj : hi ! how are you ? me : okay . infj : you seem down . me : okay . infj : what's wrong ? you can tell me . me : ... infj : ... :d ry : infj : i like you and just want to be your friend now please talk ... i knew one who was class clown-ish . they liked to show off their wits and intelligence , though i think they were mainly acting out of boredom . i definitely think this is not a normal state for ... i know there have been a lot of responses already . i get like that when i don't connect with anyone for a long time . it ruffles me to think that a thing happened that took me farther from ... person : have you adjusted to the time change yet ? me : ? person : you know , have you been able to get back to your normal schedule ? me : schedule ? not sad in the way that i feel like i'm left out of the club , but i am kind of sad about what a poor conversation partner i am when it comes to those sorts of things . i do talk to other types ... i get the sense that it's kind of a search for other equally enlightened people , same as infp . do you have a pure soul ? do you see the things that i see ? they look like they want someone they can ... i don't know about the rest of these , but i look at the way they dress first . seems to me that they usually dress like toned down enfjs .. if that makes sense . put together , approachable , but less ... if someone makes a clearly absurd claim .. than yea . usually it will be dismissed . but then again i never ever take out the trash . '