' i happen to be a helicopter mechanic , but where the istp comes in is the constant thought and analysis that surrounds the work on a daily basis . how can i perform this task easier but just as safely , ... the folks in here made great points . whatever your decision is stick with it , as the straightforward people we are we'll see this as a good thing seeing that you wont fold as you stated before . have ... so as a istp your suposed to own a tux ? how bout good boots a duster and a hat to top it all ? well then it sounds as if you'll fit in here with the rest of the crazies . welcome . :D lol got a chuckle outta that ... hmmm , always fun to sit and read 20 some odd pages goin yea , yes , yes , i like . wait ! im in the wrong forum :D easy to see how close you are to other traits but im chalk this one up to just likeing ... yea i think i'm just too damn woman illiterate ... missing signs maybe . not too sure . but i'm not worried about how much experience the other party is bringing in , just as long as everyone has a ... well find a few here and ask away most if not all are more than happy to answer your questions :D and welcome to all those unfortunates who find themselves to be istps full time ... just ... uh yea i haven't been on ina bit but thanks for the reminder ... :D i took a look a few of the tunes ... gunna have to say no . weird huh ? yea i guess take the most country type boy you know ( from texas as well ) and place him a car with some skrillex or headhunterz and watch the slow rotations of heads in all directions ( with ... well howdy and welcome to the mad house ... :D < just hit my 90 day mark here , crazy texan who works and flys on helicopters and is stuck in germany for another month , finishing out a three year ... pc : world of tanks , aces high ii , rise of flight , silent hunter 4 , dawn of war 2 , minecraft 360 : skyrim , space marine , bf3 , red dead redemption , dead space 1 & 2 , and numerous others ps3 : metal gear ... all the comments before this fall right along with me . ( never put utensils in the fridge though ) i'm in the army and i tire of double standards and disrespect , but the one thing i will not stand and ... its always worth it to avoid a bunch of people ... workin to learn russian and bass ... and i guess i have to learn as much as i can about my helicopter , so i can continue to ride shotgun ... < army myself 15t uh60 mech and crewchief for the last 2 years . lot of bs to deal with in the army but i think with the right job it balances well . currently stationed in germany , but finally heading ... second this . :D yep , i need the laughs as well . im alwasy up to something ... yea i second this , then the day dictates how im gunna feel . me and 4 other like minded individuals climbed a 15 foot wrought iron gate into a 500 year old cheatue ... i think you'll be fine . :D i thank people when they do something for me and when i say it i mean it ( because i dont say it often ) . now like someone said before some of my thank yous are really a fuck you too asshole , but there ... well welcome both of ya . :D howdy welcome to the mad house ;D if im interested ill txt back right then , if its just a friend of mine and its not that important , ill forget sometimes goin oh ill txt back ina sec . i fly around in helicopters all day , and get paid to do it . i do the same thing ... im on helicopters all the time work and ride in the back as a crewchief i love it always lots of fun , but there have been a few not so fun rides ... oh what was that ? yea that was me not caring . followed closely by you see this face it says i dont give a damn . thats a cool lookin cat :D yea i hate that too , i dont have time to deal with it and it doesnt do a dam thing to help . and i also dont know im near the point of anger all of a sudden im just mad ! ... i have to step out ... well howdy , you'll find that each of us ( istps ) has thier own way to do things good to have another in here ... :D what ol ' sabastian had posted prior to edit , it just was way out there / off topic ... i mean you can toss in your op but good grief it aint the end of the world ... and if it is you know what ? ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1-HrMeWhHvs yea , moving through the woods with the sun passin overhead ... well this character sounds alot like myself in a number of ways im a 6w5 and that why i was posting the way i did , and it looks like some others agree but you've got a heck of a jump start on other ... well i know that ive had to be a bit different being in the army for the last 3 years , it changes how ive handled things a bit , at least being with a ton of different people with tons of things to ... http://i1236.photobucket.com/albums/ff442/Vuduvince/119.jpg http://i1236.photobucket.com/albums/ff442/Vuduvince/003.jpg had a pet cow that count ? ? ? misshap was her name a dark brown santa gertrudis show heifer . i like green myself but not an annoying green . a deep dark earth type green the that makes a good camo base , prior to adding your lighter colors for contrast . be yourself dont change who you are just because you think he may / maynot want to hear it . ask him hey when i said that what did you think yes his answer may take a bit in getting back to you ( by ... yea , might reconsider fore posting something like that again ... you reenact a monty python skit in the middle of a crowd in an actual castle ... well welcome to the club , glad ya made it . :D sounds bout right to me :D global warming i always laugh when i hear that . mainly cause the first thing that pops up in my head is al gore talking bout manbearpig on an episode of southpark ... killed this thread ... yep killed it dead . ;D i'm focused on the future but only what i want from it nothing more a goal and how to reach it . '