' im a little of being in a istp forum but i took the test and it said my match was a entj but i am in love with a istp and we are having a child together and every entj ive ever meet has been a dicey ... i feel bad for you the thing with us estps is that if you want to think like us you have to be able to get your brain up to speed our thought processes happen at a speed that is mind boggling to ... jeez all this screams me and explains why people always know me but i don't know them i just know to many people . us estps are just to good with words for our own good ! was my choice so now im both half and half it was a pleasant surprise we weren't to surprised about http://i613.photobucket.com/albums/tt218/kimosaibi/Mobile%20Uploads/46e28805.jpg i have just recently found out i am to be a father as my girl is now pregnant . i was curious what to expect of fatherhood and being a parent from another estp's point of view ? any advice would be ... i find myself always using peoples small mannerisms and body movements and choice of words and tone . once i take in all these things i can quickly sum up what the persons mood and stance is to whats ... i know how you feel i have been with my girlfriend for 2 and a half years . i did say the big l word pretty early on in the relationship but i only said it because i truly meant it . for me i have no ... i was born a lefty . i switched in 1st or 2nd grade though because everything is structured for right handed people so now i can use either or . there is a lot of monogamous estps out there . you just don't notice them because the bad ones already tarnished the title . it's like saying there are not any enfps that are reserved and keep their ... yeah there is like 97 of us and only a handful of actives i agree with you all the way . go out with him find whats relevant to him and he will not shut up . the key to getting her to listen and accept your points of views , if she is a estp , is to make sure and use as much logic and details as possible it doesn't need to be a 5 page wall of text or a 3 ... from the looks of it it would seem he wants to fight for your attention . try to play hard to get or just just like you he is not your main interest . he is looking for the challenge at fist and once ... ok this thread caught my eye and i am glad i read it . i am a estp so i know exactly what you are saying about her . my experiences with trying to make people more open and them trying to get me to ... so pretty much there are never any new estps ? it's fine swish . you have been on here longer than me . do estps come and go as often as people say on here ? i can't remember where but i remember reading the actual number based on people who have had there mbti tested was 2.8 % putting us at the 3rd rarest type spot that explains why i never see any estps in the estp forum : shocked : that is true but this is fun too . : tongue : hello and welcome : happy : billy mays died today . makes me feel kinda sad . although that means today is ... all caps day . people should be prepared for this . : crazy : whilst browsing the forum i got the idea to see the numbers of mbti on here . my fellow estps we are outnumbered dramatically on here . i always wondered why our forum was so dead and uneventful , ... you don't need a boyfriend to get cute pictures from a guy silly . well hello there and welcome . as an estp myself i can tell you i am usually very protective over all my friends and ex's when it comes to their safety and well being . i agree with infpnerdgirl you need to stand up for your self . i can see you don't want to hurt him seeing as you are his only friend , but what you should do is confront him and tell him exactly ... ive gone through this entire thread in search of estp posters and only found a small small number compared to almost every other type can some one please give me a influx of estp posters ? i am googling if spiders sleep or not as i just walked through a large spider web in my kitchen . you know your a estp when you are talking to someone and see something interesting but continue talking and forget you were , leading the other person to utter confusion . my best friend is a intj and we get along very well . we may not see eye to eye on alot of issues but we keep each other going . he keeps me on task and i get him to try new experiences and meet new ... i agree with this fully and also add that not being able to fix a problem i need to for lack of proper skills drives me crazy . and also a good work out is great to relieve stress . personally i have never cheated but with every serious relationship i have been in ive been fooled or cheated on and my trust in relationships longevity is very corrupted because of this . i find myself relatively always busy if not with friends or doing some random thing im running ' what if ? ' scenarios in my mind but i need my cave time usually half a day or a full day completely off ... oh you xd im glad i listened to you and joined this site its fun i tend to read peoples body language without realizing it but i do watch their eyes because they always seem to give away what they are thinking or what their next move will be i have rebellious tendencies that seem to come out strongly when someone tries to get me to do something i dont want to or dont see logical how do you view and handle theory ? theories are usually a jumble of assumptions so i like to play devils advocate and poke holes on its logic with facts how does your ti work in contrast to entps ? ... if you give an estp a hug ... it will be the best hug of your life ! =] : tongue : im swinging on saying estp but also entp sounds very good as well to fit the bill that does seem like a possibility he could want emotional input from you or his mind is made and he is asking for your opinion to weigh it against his i have realized there is no thread for this on the estp forum and am curious to see what everybody says i would be very distraught not only for lack of contact with friends but because i manage all my email acounts and various internet business accounts from it and i would be very out of my groove but ... not all but a good majority . i fail to see the logic behind their actions and choices . you sound as you are familiar with my username ? where from ? and thanks everyone and no i dont have esp my keyboard sucks and sometimes i press a key and it doesnt register : tongue : hello everyone , i am not a avid forum poster . although i do enjoy reading all the posts in this one . =] so i am a estp i am a 2 i do not fully associate myself with most of society because most of ... oops on this one '