' when this is what your office looks like : http://www.brainpickings.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/meaningoflife_morse.jpg ( albert einstein's study shortly after his death , princeton , new jersey ) breasts are meant to be shared . that's why they come in pairs like my women yeah , pretty much . our problem solving mode is always just below the surface , waiting to emerge , and in such moments where some empathy is much more appropriate , it makes us seem reptilian when in ... there's a pretty huge step down from every day to at least one time per week . i work out frequently ( 3-4 x per week ) , but my 1x / week option ( which btw is less than what is considered healthy ) ... esfj's are the most common type statistically ( as high as 40 % of the population ) , and i think many esfj's find their intp's quirks cute , and their intp's disinterest in and / or inability to take care ... that's precisely my background and my own experience . still , i think there will always be the classic intp-esfj rub where the esfj's constant helpful , care-taking behavior toward the intp will feel ... my girlfriend of 18 months is infj and couldn't be more different than my esfj ex-wife ( unless she was intp of course :D ) . how exciting . keep us posted . that's a cop out . not everyone's stated rationales for their opinions are equally valid . don't let me hold you up from returning to your universally unsilly threads though . all it's doing is listing the 8 jungian functions in order , and then listing the characteristics of those functions . i posted this in a similar thread in the [ intp ] forum last year : economic growth is best obtained with capitalism as its fundamental basis , although regulation and oversight by governments are ... orly ? i think the opposite is true . where do you ever see him occupying the bully pulpit to swing the tide of public opinion , as opposed to simply acting via fiat ? he's damn near an emperor . i'm just seeing a lot of is here . he's a leader of a major country , but he lives a cloistered life centered around his favored lackeys . he never looks comfortable out in public . he seems ... whose fault is it ? do not be concerned , my dear . we can rebuild you , we can make you better . ;) it's where marriage comes from , and it's where affairs outside of marriage come from too . mr . brain may know that a happy marriage is best , but willy is always hearing the crazy siren song . no , no , crazy is the perfect place to stick your dick . crazy is made for dick . just don't 1 ) get crazy pregnant , or 2 ) fall in love with crazy . let's be completely honest here - virgins suck in bed . they don't know wtf they're doing . hello , i'm new to this thread . the combination of content and syntax leads me to believe that you're a gay poet . yeah , i think this is called work ethic and perfectionism . it carried over to the american midwest , where many german immigrants settled , where that work ethic is also praised . there are a lot of ... http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/109/013/Karate%20Kyle%20Got%20Rejected%20For%20Prom.jpeg and here i thought it was amy winehouse ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SbBi2j_HLTc&feature=related what label ? how about sexy ? i'm an ntp , so i don't care about rank or title , just talent . it's not your family tree i'm checking out , sweetheart ... these things have been known to change . it's very early in that ballgame ... um , i think that appropriate context is a bit important , otherwise it's just acting , meryl . ;) i would add that i was much the same way and i didn't feel i really changed in terms of my ability ... yes . it's behavioral - if you act a certain way , some of the feelings will follow . it was more technical , but no less vague . give me real world examples in which this wheelchair on a staircase with an uzi scenario actually plays out . they can be hypothetical , but what i'm ... this is all very flowery and entertaining , but perhaps you can speak less metaphorically and convince me . i happen to have directly experienced the exact opposite in my own relationships . i think pairing people who have strong ne ( not necessarily the most dominant , but strong in the ranking ) greatly facilitates communication in the relationship , similar if not identical to kiersey's ... socionics was created to determine social and professional compatibility workplace in the former soviet union and its satellite states , the eastern bloc countries . it's rigid , simplistic and ... i don't answer for promethea , but my own impression is : http://gravec.at/wp-content/uploads/view/obi-wan.jpg for me , infp's are irresistible nectar , but for many of the same reasons as others here are talking about intp's in the same way . the inp compatibility is wonderful , and their powerful emotions , ... i love albert king - he's not my favorite but damn the man could perform . i love this live performance because this was at the fillmore west in 1970 , and basically his intro to a white audience , ... bit of a small sample size , but i recently did some business networking with an intj ( we actually discussed mbti , and he knew his type ) who would probably best be called a linguistic genius . he's ... i don't know if i'd call it predicting , but yeah , i'll zone out all the time if i don't want to engage , grunting the correct sounds at the right points in the conversation to show that the call ... throwing this sort of half-baked theoretical proposition into the intp forum is like starting a thread in the esfp forum about how thomas kinkade is more talented than michelangelo . if a jedi gets parkinson's , does he start inadvertently knocking stuff down across the room ? http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/400x/10198899.jpg so your fundamental assumption has gone from simple calculus to intuitive , i think . this is not convincing . prove it . 10characters he started off doing blues , but became more of a cross-over pop artist in the late 50 ' s and early 60 ' s . his blues stuff was by far his best imho . thanks for this . i've never heard of this guy before . he's definitely blues guitar , but he's got sort of a pop / easy listening flavor too . that was nice . ok , last one for the night ( maybe ) . this is a live recording of a relatively little known west coast band called little charlie and the nightcats song called rain . i've actually never seen it on ... a very unique take on the blues , with a lot of jazz influence . it's not even really featuring t-bone's stellar guitar as his voice and the sax are getting equal billing .   ... i've always loved the haunting pairing of son house's slide guitar with the lyrics of this song . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MDCNbacVt5w the white stripes did a credible cover of this ... one of the themes in blues that i love is defiance . these two songs are great defiance anthems for failed romance which might appeal to musician gal right now ...  ... the lyrics of this song have always slayed me . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GlBqo8Pco_A good howlin ' wolf trivia - he was one of the rare major blues giants to die old , rich and married . ... here's a fun comparison . most people know the allman brothers ' cover of one way out , and their take was an amazing blues-rock groove . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dIY8CoMILgU the ... '