' shouldn't you be busy ignoring every rational thought that comes to you in favour of those stupid little things called emotions ? no you can't have a hug ... damn it ! stop crying ! shouldn't you be loosing what ever hair you have left stressing over something so ultimately trivial like money ? i had a dream i was being eaten alive by a giant ant wearing a blue top hat and green trousers . what does this mean ? ? silly infj's , no one's psychic . you'd know all about that , wouldn't you ? da rum tish . how long did it take you to realise that the stuff you were fidgeting with wasn't nitro ? ? ;) my mom's dead btw . i keep her in the closet and only bring her out on special occasions . ^ ^ ^ when happy people make you uncomfortable ^ ^ ^ the lord of the rings / the silmarillion / the hobbit - anything by tolkien really . i have a deep appreciation for good literature and tolkien encompasses that . tommorrow when the war began by john ... can you have a look at this nitroglycerin i've been making and tell me what's wrong with it ? you might need to give it a good shake first . two possibilities : a ) i'd join the rebellion as the mastermind behind an unstoppable , sadistic , jigsaw-styled , guerilla anarchist group . b ) i'd be a typical intp and blissfully reside alone ... can find a deeper meaning to a pot hole in the road . i get periodic obsessions with discovering the minute details surrounding the deaths of various individuals ( namely celebrities or people of note ) you decide to do a spot of online research for 30 minutes or so at 9:00 pm ...  ... 30 minutes later you shut down your computer 2:00 pm . to make sense of the universe 300 years in advance of modern civilisation . people who are convinced that having an up-market life style is living . haha . indeed . what pisses intps off ? estjs . you summed yourself up pretty well . obviously mbti isn't the be-all and end-all of who you are as a person and it's important to remember that it's an assessment of your psyche and not how you ... i'll subscribe to that . then you , my friend , are whole new breed of intp . the easiest way to gauge whether you're a judging or a percieving type is to examine how you go about doing simple tasks . a judger likes staying ... entx maybe ? ? ? hannibal rising by thomas harris . air con by ian wishart . full dark , no stars by stephen king . speaking of stephen king , has anyone here read his new novel 11/22 / 63 ? maybe you should sit down with them and show them this forum or explain to them a little about the mbti just to prove a point . at least it will show them you're own take on life and then that way ... or you go online to look up one thing of interest but spend the next 4 hours exploring pointless tangents instead . you know you're an intp when the idea of hibernation sounds like an exciting weekend . you're even more of an intp if your place of hibernation looks like a bat cave . no , not the bruce wayne type ... or if you dress like gandalf to go to a job interview . i'm quite the opposite . i'll never do anything i'm not comfortable with or have no desire of doing . the only exception is at my work place where i'm asked to do several things i'm not entirely ... 10 . lack of colour ... brilliant . 1 . ) 40 living at home in their parents basement . - moved out at 18 . 2 . ) 40 year old virgin - 23 and no . 3 . ) socially deprived - by choice . i have no interest in having a social life although i do ... i don't see that we do waste our potential , at least not in the way that it's been phrased . for most intps , our life goals are generally not concerned with maximising the use of our potential in an ... where's a 12 gauge when you need it ? i have started several novels but like you , i'm never too enthused to bother finishing them . i still have well developed plots for several stories perminantly fixed in my brain but the concept of ... fly , you fools ! on another note , an older guy i knew of had this sentence engraven on his headstone in about size 2 font : if you can read this ... then you're standing on my dick . silver , if i had to choose , but i have little care for material wealth ; especially precious metals . yes , two . both are used as door stops . edit : there's another exceptionally heavy ... that's heavy . you know you're an intp when you become suicidal after sitting through an episode of jersey shore . you know when you're an intp when your mother tries to give you some private relationship advice and your lack of contribution to the matter means the conversation lasts the best part of 14 seconds ... wow this thread has really taken off . four years ago my girlfriend and i lost a daughter as a stillbirth . we were told that they would have been able to save her had she been another 4 or 5 days ... ( intp deploys t1000 ) ( lambo is added to future victims list ) i just found this video . i'm not quite sure if the lack of intelect is supposed to piss me off or amuse me . perhaps someone else can analyse it : ... music has always been a saving grace for me . but my collective taste in music is about 30 years old ( and that's still about 7 years older than me ) i think this sums up my opinion on all things ... a world without intps : e = mc3 haha . rule britannia ! what if it's pride that moves you emotionally ? the british grenadiers is one song that makes me emotional in a way . i'm not british , although i am scottish , irish and english by decent .   ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zmbw8OycJrE&feature=player_detailpage i've got an excellent long term memory . my earliest memory goes back to my second birthday and my memories are numerous from three years old onwards . coincidently i just started a small project for ... perhaps it is time to start educating the village idiots ? 16 . this sentence must apparently contain at least 10 characters . '