i try to wrap myself into my imaginary cloak of anti-feeling . : shocked : seriously though i try to mentally shut down the incoming feelings of others . i has taken me a long time to be able to do ... i have dreamt of people trying to kill me , but never of myself killing others . i have dreamt often of apocalyptic scenarios , nuclear blasts , biochemical warfare , carnage on a mass scale as a ... too many to list . way more than what anyone would take the time to read about . the most common i can think of is how often i fall down stairs . the bruise stays on my ass for weeks . i once tried ... https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/4c/9d/c2/4c9dc28dde1a8a928bd6269e2d5db867.jpg https://creativeblossoming.files.wordpress.com/2014/06/teal-and-purple-living-room-bmp.jpg?w=620 i am in ... enfp's . all . day . long . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C4FG_xZAzsQ look into the functions listed above , but yeah , i am pretty certain that you are infp . i have a hard time holding grudges . i may for a while depending on the severity of the transgressions , but in time i forgive even the deepest of trespasses . not because they deserve it , but because ... i have always wanted to befriend an intj outside of the internet , but i honestly think i have yet to meet one . i have an uncle that i suspect is a possilbe intj , but outside of that , no one else , ... doesn't that suck ? ti kicks in and makes you doubt your ni . it whispers no this can't be ! and ruins your whole day . because had you listened to that ni , you would have been right . i mean you were ... the terms dirty and clutter mean two very different things to me . i cannot handle dirty . i refuse . i sweep my kitchen floor every day , and vacuum my carpet at least twice a week . bleach my ... te can be very irritating . i find that the fi-te loop is really what gets me upset , when used selfishly . i know i need someone who is fe-ti like myself . seriously , have you ever tried to argue ... yes , yes . where do i find one of those istp's ? ! ? i think i need one . it makes me feel deeper than anything else that i have experienced on this planet . but i can't explain the feeling . just it's depth . i concur . while drinking tequila , i have done things that take a full month of sunday's to try and explain . bad deal . people who ignore a solution to the whole problem because of their personal feelings . and those selfish types who can't see it this way . take one for the fucking team man , stop being so self ... i found it hilarious . i understand that this is simply one person's view , yes . and therefore cannot be true in it's entirety , no . but having lived through the wrath that an unhealthy esfp can ... today i'm feeling as though i'd taste like tiramisu . then this is for you ... viewer discretion is advised : mild language , debauch humor , and ass loads of truth from and infj perspective . i sincerely hope that you enjoy this as much as i did ... ah . music . my other outlet . i play violin , and when i'm pissed off and pick that thing up dear god . it's some sort of ethereal progressive metal of sorts , but on violin . i push myself to get it ... it is all very confusing indeed . i still go back to thinking sometimes that i am isfj , on the broad description , and then i dive on into the details of the functions , and remember that even those ... : laughing :: laughing :: laughing : both you guys get it . it is my way of therapy . it's a distraction , so that i may collect myself . i'm glad to see someone understands , and that i'm not the ... maybe it's a female thing . or a neurotic thing . shit ... scenario 1 i would be shocked . i would feel let down , and disappointed that they chose not to marry for terminal cancer . i mean yes , the partner will die , but death is no excuse to not wed ... gender : undetermined age : 14-24 intelligence : superior idea adoption : conservative mbti personality profile : isfp closest alternative we found : istp the gender undetermined part cracked me ... bitter , salty , but oh so refreshing ! perhaps i am neurotic . but this isn't an impulse . i can control it with ease . it's only the reaction i tend to have to a negative emotional trigger . i can cure myself of the internal chaos just ... i find that when i am really pissy , that i tend to shred through my immediate outer world . it feels like my mind is overclocking and that manifests itself into action through my hands . i will start ... sounds like kylie is a bit of sociopath . she is playing games by becoming defensive to your open communication . she doesn't want to change her behavior , and clearly doesn't see a problem with it . ... : ninja : http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-rxutAKqbeuc/TY6XxBDP-5I/AAAFc/_qbT2pSiG9M/s320/Jesus+flipping+the+bird.bmp you have the kindest eyes i have seen in a while . they belie a certain intensity . wow . your grammar and punctuation does suck . tell me , did your mother put the whiskey in your actual bottle ? or did she just put it in your cereal ? read this : how each cognitive function manifests based on it's position in your stacking also , aw10 , reading about / learning the functions is a lot to absorb . and the descriptions can be so murky , and also very similar to other functions , that it can get confusing . i struggled wrapping ... honey . i can already tell that you and i would have earfuls to vent about to one another . it's a damn sad world we live in indeed . stop taking tests to tell you your functions . you have to read them yourself , and how they interact with one another in the stacks . i was stuck between intj / infj , and intp / infp for years . so i ... i agree with this . although a lot of mine were sought with the purest of intent on my behalf , it wasn't reciprocated . and at my age now , when i look back on it all , i know i was just trying to ... to include every man that i've ever had sex with in my entire life , and to count the fact that i turn 31 years old in 5 more days , and lost virginity at 18 years old . so 13 years of sex . 1 i ... before you blame your ex infj , ask yourself this ... what did you do to encite his / her reaction ? i don't know , being an infj myself , this is something that i have done to ex's shortly before the ... for this to work effectively , you must first insult me or my highly held beliefs and values . duh . we seem to have a pretty strong team of doppelganger detectives running around on this thread so post a pic of yourself , and let us find your doppelganger ! don't be shy ! we won't bite ! yes ! ! ! you beat me to it ! ! you remind me of janet montgomery : http://celebmafia.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/janet-montgomery-20th-century-fox-comic-con-party-at-andaz-hotel-in-san-diego_3.jpg if i could afford the airfare i would . i've always wanted to visit there . :p roud : you need to put a huge distance in your interaction with him . he needs to embark on the journey of self discovery , and you cannot help him do that . he has to want it himself . good luck to you ... a fine irish whiskey . smooth , soft , and mildly sweet . but too much will sour your stomach . moderation is sometimes a difficult thing for inferior se though ... i'd likely indulge myself and ... yes . all over the place . just yes . the way that i presently am in life , i know is not the best me that i can be . i realize i am stuck in an ni-ti loop . and it is pushing my auxiliary fe completely out of the picture . i close myself ... oh my god . op i cannot thank you enough for taking the time to write this out as you have . thank you , thank you , thank you . this is me to the t . i've known this about myself for so long , and ... yes . a lot . i think i have a major problem with it sometimes . i get so bombarded with the demands and just noise of other people and their problems , that i cannot hear myself think . and i can ...