' take a shower too with heavy laundry load in the basket , so they can ejaculate on your panties , then sell the cum dried stench for the ladies , bisexuals , and demisexuals as well . you want me to come on your eye wink wink nudge nudge ! ? ! ? ! i heard having shit stains augments the price along with the musk go sleep lmao courage is the magic that turns dreams into reality she wanna take that duuugggick ! better get the lube , because you're going to make a pounding in his background woah , thanks ! describe to me in full detail of the islands you create before you flush them down https://i.imgur.com/pyv9ZjX.png 717441 there's always anal i am that friend , but since i'm a guy , she had to use me as a proxy for the op . someone please help her out ! ! ! gots me a scoop the scoop is gonna be real * cries * i thought we had something i got me a new scoop to tell the denizens of spam world already mentioned the realism behind the common sentiment of nootropics being neuroprotective and practically harmless ; preaching to the choir here . if there aren ’ t long-term studies or enough ... ( ͡ ° ͜ ʖ ͡ ° ) i would ass worship the living fuck out of you . also , in case you respond . the over-arching theme here is how you used the words rarer , and rare , and long-term . if it was used on grounds to make it look like over time that these rarer occurrences ... for those links , i haven ’ t seen any correlation with nootropics or racetams . by all means , i ’ m more than happy to read any long-term studies on liver cancer and nootropics . of course , we can ’ t ... https://i.imgur.com/y1IAMWh.jpg?1 no offense taken . :) i get some of the major nootropics from nootropics depot . you can start out with the capsule forms , and if you go for powder form , getting a scale that can measure milligrams , ... gotta eat dat phat booty like groceries ax the pussy slayer short answer : around 2012 , albeit sparingly . late 2016 is when i ’ ve been considering using them militantly . when i attempted to image stream for like 7-10 hours a long time ago in one sitting , i ... you are taken by a pussy slayer , and luna is free . go back to the lies you're feeding your crippling plant . more cushion for the pushing anyone is free to have fun in making their own magazine here :) just got ideas for a scoop get a sugar daddy . extra extra read all about it ! ! ! it's happening , and this is the thread for all that goes on in spam world ! https://i.imgur.com/ZStLbEU.png was going to post a comic in relation to that good morning son meme , but i'll wait until the spam magistrates appeal or disapprove of it it was a sexual metaphor for---never mind , you're drunk lmao i guess your shitake mushroom left you dazed rudolf the red nosed reindeer probably was shining too much in the suggestions , eh ? come to where i live so i can make that asshole into a shitake mushroom tag , my turn ! so if i press rigorously in that sweet spot , will you cum and have the spiritual awakening ? probably on the level of a large throbbing star entering her black hole strong clit you got there i barely touch my facebook , and it's whoring out people as well to me . people i know that i wouldn't talk to in the first place . thanks , social media . i see you're progressively descending into intp virtual experiential reality simulations over a false pretense of a relationship . i'm so proud :*) i'm no director as she's coordinating her own life . i have no access to her subjectivity , as if i could , where would her individuality be ? like slaying your pussy with his ax . but pulling out because that promotes more offspring . lmao god no too bad she's taken . maybe her so can ax some love into her is your avatar your own artwork ? encourages people to off themselves ( not necessarily anti-natalist sentiment , but getting there ) less existence of individuals means less offspring to experience suffering in the world has a nuke ... '