' you just have to learn to trust your judgement , which for me took a long time to do . think before you act and then once you have acted , stand by that . don't let her convince you other wise and see ... maybe , but i also think you should take this functions test that grey showed me . it may be long but it's worth it . it's right here . once we know which functions you are primarily using , it should ... from my experience , infjs are ridiculously easy to talk to : happy : they are good listeners and capable of carrying the conversation if need be . plus , you should have that nf connection ( of ' random ' ... welcome : happy : * did i get here before cafebot did ? is that possible ? * . . . no . :d ry : i'd rather be the one doing the pursing . i feel more comfortable with it . i'm a bit of a control freak like that . : mellow : however , that's only in reality . ideally , i'd rather it be more balanced ... wow , this thread has proven to me that it really depends on the person . i'm aloof and cold when i'm feeling intorverted and shy . i'm extremely friendly though when i'm feeling more extraverted / not ... :] primary colors , primarily ? my sister does : laughing : it weirds me out . infp : hmm this is hard i like all generes but maybe folk ? put me down for folk : cool : really ? why would you think eastern ? isn't that more ' for the group ' sort of thing , while western is more individualised ? when i think of eastern philosphy i think of confucious and chinese ... welcome : happy : welcome : happy : welcome : happy : i love the your username ; it reminds me of that sienfeld episode : laughing : welcome : happy : o wow , i thought you did that on purpose . from now on i'm just gonna consider all your grammatical errors to be intensely clever jokes : laughing : ps i'm not one to talk . i suck ... damn , you are fo sure an infp . it takes skills to be that akward on the internet in writing :) you created the tense atmosphere with merely one word and three dots . . . brilliant ! : laughing : ... welcome commander sue :) i see much of my quirkiness reflected in you , ( also a scorpio :) and voted twins sperated @ birth . < < <3 * wipes tear from eye * i found you finally ! i'm always disagreeing with them : laughing : idk maybe i'm just retarded and how the rating system works is obvious , which is defintely a possibility ; i didn't even realise there was live chat til ... i klicked this expecting to see something nasty , i had forgotten which section it was in , but instead it was just your art , which is lovely by the way ! why'd you name your title that ? now more ... what man ? its only been 30 minutes ! how'd your thread already get so many more views than mine ? fuck that ! i'm just kidding btw . umm yeah i don't actually have a dream carrer . though maybe ... only around those who knew what my type is whom i wasn't already that close to , did i feel pressured , but that was in the very beginning . overall , i'd say , not really . lol yeah you're right , :P but i'm a little partial to these years just because they were my favorite growing up . : happy : i've considered becoming a teacher for a long time , but the question is would i be a good one ? my mom thinks so , but i don't really trust her judgement . i'm not sure how well i'd handle the ... cool i'm gonna start keeping track . or maybe i should just copy this thread and make one in the infp section . i'm sure enough people would respond :) omg , me too ! that's what i meant by mix between free faller and foetus : tongue : maybe it's an infp thing ? : wink : yes and that's most everything xp well not most everything but . . . a lot of things . obviously pain is completely subjective though and it differs for different situations , but i'm not sure you ... thanks for that as well sweet surrender : happy : that was really well done i loved it alot :p roud : yes ! thank you soo much mutatio nomenis . i loved both of those . normally , i'm a mix between free faller and foetus but last night i was combination of soldier and starfish . i'm pretty sure though i've slept in all of these positions at some point . i'm sorry if i didn't understand fully . i tend to be really pressumptious when giving advice - just recalling from my own experience and failing to recognize various possiblities before me . i feel ... welcome to the forum . : happy : your drawings are real cute . you're welcome . no problem : happy : and btw , you mean she is good with that . : shocked :: proud : well for me , i guess with my te ( sorry enough with the functions already ! ) i could clearly define for ... okay i'll give this a shot :) well first off i think the reason ixfps have such strong internal value systems is because of their fi dominant and te inferior functions . they feel strongly about ... well , regarding you title question about it being a life long task i know what you mean . i think everyone one who thinks about mbti often enough has had doubts about it . i find that i'm often having ... i'll often stay for the credits but i'm not usually watching them , i'm just thinking to myself and allowing the movie to sink in . my dad is obsessed with waiting to see all the credits though , which ... when i had to deal with oppresion from my family when i was restrained , and felt even more tortured by all my failed attempts to change it and the final realization that i couldn't i fell in to ... okay pardon me while i act extremely nerd for a moment . i gotta let it out :P so this morning i was rewatching one of my favorite episodes of death note and it had mello in it who btw is one of ... i'm guessing here but i feel like when i'm upset my energy can strongly affect those around me . also , the other confirmed infps i know are very different from me and we didn't see eye to eye on ... thank you for responding everybody . soo . . . i was just gonna make a thread about how self important i feel like i am and sort of regretting it , but then i remembered this thing my estp friend told me once it was like . . . all the ... well if you go back to reading my first post you'll remember that i first took the test with a bunch of friends of various types . their types were confirmed so that helped me a lot in learning how . i agree with functianalyst and would like to add , that entps and estps are more similar because all there functions except se and ne , ni si , are same . however , entjs and estps seem similar because ... oh i'm an infp i just haven't changed my type yet because i'm a lazy fuck / i like people not knowing what my type is . initially i was confused about enfp or infp , though i always pretty much knew i ... yeah i did . : happy : that was really pretty cool . it normally take me a while to get used the timing of videos you know and at first i was a little like what is this song ? :P just cuase it's not the ... yes . i am agreeing with you ! what are you so confused about ? i believe after along time of observation you are able to see the unspoken similarities that exist between types . i can't explain ... quote : the two types are so essentially different , presenting so striking a contrast , that their existence , even to the [ p . 413 ] uninitiated in psychological matters becomes an obvious fact , when ... i'm an infp and my favorite movie of all time is my fair lady . apart from that i liked the following in no particular order : the last of the mohicans ( it's been a while but i remembered liking ... your responses aren't making it clear to me whether you understand so . . . i'm gonna try and put this very clearly no offense intended . you are saying that a person can act sometimes in ways that ... yeah , i watched your first amv and thought it was pretty good , though to be honest it's pretty hard to find an amv i don't like :P i definitely check the link :) 3pnt1415926535897932384 your ... i love amvs ! i typically dislike anime but seriously , amvs make my world go round : crazy : or they do for periods of time , i go through phases but basically i consider them to be beautiful works of ... introvert who can't choose :P i like both . it really depends on how i'm feeling at the time , who i'm communicating with and what about . . . talking on the phone makes me nervous to call people , but ... you clearly didn't understand the main points of my post instead just focusing on the two examples at the end which i was warning against . :P yeah the reason i couldn't type my mom in the ... '