me : entp baby sis : entj twin brothers : istp , istj dad : estp mom : esfj maternal grandma : isfj conscientiousness may have a strong correlation to j and p , but i also think mature p types ( example , enfp who's got te sorted out and healthy ) can also exhibit high conscientiousness too . while f ... 20 , entp . lol , mdr , huehuehue , 555 , www , kkk * laughs in every language possible * in order to get what i want , yes , but also to keep overall peace among everone in the group . 1 . a long time ago in a galaxy far , far away , i was typed as an istp . 2 . i grew up in a conservative asian society , and was a quiet rebel who barely spoke , an i . i was lazy , hence the p , and ... the answer isn't a statement ; it's another question in itself . my curiosity can never be satisfied . neither could i imagine a forceful , control freak telling me to shut up and be realistic , as well as nitpicking just about everything i think or do in life . entp . got entj as my ideal mate . nope . nope . nope . just , no . on a more serious note , i do have a really close entj friend of the opposite gender but never in a million years would i be ... do sj's want to know their mbti types ? absolutely . i have typed several sj's at least where i study and they are more than eager to learn about their types . while they see it as accurate for them , ... entj , intj ( male ) enfp ( female ) 18/19 njs , isxps hmm socionics not involved but we all belong to different quadrants . me ( eldest ) : entp sister ( middle ) : entj brothers ( twins ) : istp , istj so basically all four of us share some functions , or ... esfp the esfps i know could never tolerate me , and neither could i tolerate them . we pretty much disregard what each other has to say . this is in no way stereotyping and i am always open to meeting ... sincere compliments ? all types can do it . while exfjs are more natural , xntj when sincere sounds the most convincing . ( i find compliments from my xntj friends who rarely compliment others extremely ... ixtp i am an entp female and two of my closest friends are intj and entj . i am currently not in a relationship , but i have been romantically involved with an infp and infj before . so , i'd really think ... i have an intj close friend and from what he says , his parents have always been supportive of him . i recalled him telling me that at least one of his parents is an n . his family is kinda well-off ... entp i learn best when discussing with a medium sized group ( 3-5 persons ) and explaining concepts to them . for me , studying alone is extremely draining and does not get me far . i use : * or but only to the select few people that also send those to me hi , i'm an entp 741 . welcome ! this japanese dish called omurice , which is rice under a fluffy omelette . topped with chopped salmon . mmmm i can see both istj and istp for cassian andor ( i love him ! ) though , since he is not as reckless as other istps in my opinion . while si-te seems much more likely , ( he seems more planned and thorough ... talk to them first . show them what you are passionate about and if it resonates with them , be prepared to hear them bombard you nonstop with words . i've met an infj with ~ similar ~ interests to me , ... mbti itself . my friend and i ( both entps ) had a lot of fun discussing this , while estp friends were meh about this . infj friend who did not know about mbti before also seemed to be interested too ... entp here . top 10 musicians / bands 1 . aerosmith ( 2-10 in no particular order ) 2 . all that remains 3 . asking alexandria 4 . halsey 5 . miss may i for me it's entp ( infp ) engineering - entp , though i'd see myself studying something else at any day . isfp ! the isfps irl are nice people i get along with quite well , though never close . you are the few s types that don't see me as overly weird or impractical , which is nice . i'm an entp . mistaken as any other np types . here goes ... basic questions : 1 ) age or age range ? 20 . 2 ) city , country and / or region ? asia . 3 ) tell us something about your social life ? mostly talkative and outgoing . 4 ) ... i'm an entp who has this weird tendency to relate to infps . can anyone relate ? entp . most attracted to enfj , entj , infp . least attracted to isfj , estj , esfj . do you find yourself typing everyone ? yes , i do . mostly by what temperament they are first , and later their dominant and maybe auxiliary functions . it's actually interesting the way we are able to ... enfj friend - one of the top students in aerospace engineering . a few infps and an enfp in computer engineering too . infp friend of mine whom i used to date can last for weeks without going out , but needs to talk to people after a few days . fuck yeah ! it's expressive . me ( entp ) - moderate left intj friend - moderate right entj friend - moderate left entj sibling - moderate left intp friend - far left another intp friend - independent based on two entjs i know , a male and a female . the male entj gets along with basically anyone , from xsfps , to xntps . he is kinda blunt , and sometimes snobbish , and therefore some fi types does ... entj friend of mines got a lot of xsfp friends . i don't even know how he did that , and those xsfp seemed to enjoy his company too . i find that surprising , because i'm an entp and i even find him ... f and t , as an entp . sometimes i get mistaken as an enfp because of how i outwardly express myself , but deep down i know i'm an ti-fe user . my fe love of humanity sometimes gets mistaken as fi , but i ... at least three males i know are infjs . haven't met a female one though , the closest i came to is an isfj who's marginal on n / s , but ultimately , an si-dom function-wise . why not ? preference . preference . preference . our preference in taking in information , and our preference in processing them . i'm an entp 7w6 - 4w5 - 1w9 sx / sp . my sister's an enfj 8w7 so / sx . ( odd combination , but that is what it is . ) my brothers are a little too young to be typed , but one of them must be a one , while the ... first test i did i got istp . that didn't sound so me for some parts , so i decided to do more quizzes , and get various st results . i even try to screw my own results because i wanted to be more ... would like to live in world which is like a crossover between 1950x1980x2200 . the future would be pleasant to live in , with all the advancements in medicine and technology , but the world would not be ... hello , female entp here . kitty 23 for some reason , i didn't get any notifications . : sad : thank you for this very insightful reply . much appreciated . : laughing : ็ hmm , at first instinct , i would absorb their raw feelings , ... hmmm , i don't think that's what entps do . that's a little too long . maybe if we do , our minds are not on what we are ( or seem to be ) looking at , though . just blankly thinking about some ideas and ...