' i'm actually dealing with this sort of situation right now . there's a nice girl i've known since high school , but over the past ten years she's developed a pretty strong bipolar disorder . ironically , ... there's really no nice way to say this , so i'll just be blunt about it . in my not-so-humble opinion , you're all wrong . your dad , your mom , and you . you're all feeding off of each other's toxicity ... that escalated quickly i don't think your post got deleted ; it looks like the forum is having a little issue . here's a statement you need to learn , and learn well . memorize it . recite it over and over . repeat it until ... produce results ... ? 642,247 white people who produced results are rolling in their graves . they were actual social justice warriors , not like the modern ... i imagine most career counselors are people who really wanted a great career but ultimately couldn't do much more than ... be a career counselor and try to tell others how to get a great career . i ... us vs them doesn't help anything , even if them started it . there's a lot of genuine racism in the world , and a lot of people have been treated improperly for no reason other than the color of ... absolutely . some say it's racist not to give preference to minorities when hiring . i say it's racist to consider skin color at all in the hiring process . after all , we're all equal regardless of ... you assume i'm healthy . how do you think i'm able to express that perspective ? ;) i think everyone comes face to face with their own mortality at some point . some sooner than others . some from the ... this . you may consider not taking the pain pills since you're not in pain , but this backfires pretty quickly when the pain starts and you're waiting for the pain medication to kick in . it's better ... life itself is a deadly condition . i read a lot of personal development books , and they all have lots of good advice for how to live the best life possible . sometimes the advice they give ... any personality type can be mean or nice . intjs may seem mean because they're different , but i don't think the average intj is really out to tear others down . personally , i've been mean to quite a ... tourette syndrome ? do you have any verbal tics ? about how old are you , and how long has this been going on ? you should make a medical appointment if possible . internet strangers aren't going to be ... wow , you really told him . do you feel good about yourself now ? i know this is the intj forum , where everyone puts on the mask of cold cynicism and logic , but give me a break . are you even human ? ... what disorder is it ? everyone---even the person who seems healthy and happy---has something that gnaws at them every moment of every day . they hate how they look , they wish they were more ... the school administration's politics are out of her control , but studying , doing well on the tests , and forming good relationships with the students and parents are well within her control . from your ... social media--or rather antisocial media--is definitely a good thing to want to quit . it can be difficult , though , since it fulfills an innate desire to feel connected to others . ironically , it ... don't underestimate the importance of this . older people tend to be more mature , though not necessarily . as you get older , you'll find that conversations become a little more level-headed . it has to ... that's actually a pretty good point . i never really consciously thought of why i prefer an old-style , relatively low population forum like perc over the hivemind of reddit . here , my posts don't get ... i read personal development ( aka self improvement ) books . they typically fall into two categories : dealing with yourself , and dealing with others . you can't deal with others effectively until you can ... i'm just guessing here , but ... you've probably been judged pretty harshly in the past . for you , it may feel like every little thing you do is scrutinized by others . you may even feel like people are ... everyone comes face to face with their own mortality at some point . it's a fact of life . i'm going to die . you're going to die . everyone we love is going to die . everyone they love is going to die ... everyone knows that person . i've been that person . the worst part is that you can't talk to that person about it , because in their own mind , everyone else has a problem , not them . the key is to ... love is often more of a decision than a feeling after a certain age , no matter how new the relationship . this is the best thread ever . also : crippling fear of the future first of all : it gets better . hang on , don't quit , and keep trying . it gets better . it gets better . i have a friend who is very bipolar , and she has similar struggles . she's been through lots ... everyone does stupid things . i've been there , and so has everyone else . i know exactly what you mean when you say that you know the things you do are stupid but feel powerless to stop yourself . ... tl ;D r the point of life is to love . a simple concept with ludicrously difficult execution . - - first of all , imagine something . it's the last few moments of your life . maybe you're at the end of ... it is very important to focus on deep thoughts for long periods of time . it counteracts the shallowness of our brains in the just google it era and allows us to think more independently , a skill ... i don't know what kind of startup you're in , but you're definitely wise not to consider it a long-term option . startups these days exist almost primarily to become profitable as quickly as possible , ... perhaps i'm reading too deeply here , but it sounds like you may be trying to justify something that you already know is wrong , and you're hoping strangers on the internet will assist you in that ... old is a moving target . when i was 20 , i thought 25 or 26 was old . when i was 25 , i thought 30 was old . someone asked my 75 - year-old grandfather what he thinks is old . he said 90 . funny how that ... yeah , that's cheating for sure . the only thing the student learns is to get other people to make their problems go away . if it was a tutor helping them by explaining why certain changes need to be ... free education ? take it . educational opportunities are steadily decreasing as time goes on . if you don't take this chance , you might not get another one . and no , it's not realistic to be a ... i've known two people who cut at some point in their lives . one was in high school , and she did it somewhat regularly . one was a closer acquaintance later on , and when she told me , i got the ... this is the way to be . friendliness to fellow people is something that transcends personality type . intj , asperger's syndrome , getting picked on as a child , etc . are no excuse to be mean to ... 661650  6616 58 passwords are sent in cleartext . no attempt to even hash them client-side . this would have been somewhat acceptable in 1997 , but seriously ... not even hashed client-side before ... i second this . potted plant is the way to go . specifically , some type of cactus is probably the best . you don't need much water , and the spikes keep unruly creatures from messing with you . these ... well , there's your problem . you don't know much about her , so you're optimistically filling in the gaps based on the few little details you can glean . i've done it before , and so has everyone else ... i would like to attract a beautiful woman , so i'm going to need to improve my appearance . i just don't want to work out . i would like to gain the respect of people around me , so i'm going to need ... everyone hurts one another . the closer you get to someone , the more you hurt that person , and the more they hurt you . it's a fact of life and a part of being human , unfortunately . the upside is that , ... it sounds like you've done your part in good faith . more than your part , even . some people do not want to change their situation , but they want others to feel sorry for them . your friend seems ... here's a summary ; let me know if i got it wrong ( i skimmed your post ) - you had a great girlfriend - you started feeling depressed - you broke up with her - she still likes you , and you're ... there are seven billion people in the world . can we accurately lump them all into 16 discrete categories ? probably not . also , people change over time . i grew up very cold and calculated--a classic ... have you ever been interested in math / computer science ? you really owe it to yourself to learn a little bit of programming ( maybe spend a weekend learning python ) to see if it's something you could ... am i missing something ? it looks like this site doesn't have https support . is there a reason to not provide it ? nobody knows how to make good decisions . we just try to do what the successful people do , and even they just try to do what the successful people before them did . there really isn't a great answer to ... if you press forward with this , you're going to be in for a world of pain . a world . of pain . read up on the limbic system of your brain . it sits below your cerebral cortex and makes you do ... i don't think any of these would be the best approach . have you had a real , heart-to-heart talk with her ? it seems to me that most people who are angry and mean all the time are hiding some seriously ... i'm also very introverted , and my work requires quite a bit of extroversion : leading / directing , presenting , answering to superiors , and generally being a public , in-charge figure . it can be pretty ... '