' : toast : likewise ( though i already know lots of these haha ) . i see our tastes overlap considerably . i do like dark themes and songs about revenge , but i'm not sure exactly why , i just find them ... i don't know if this is a personality thing , but i wonder how common it is to have what many call a senior moment when you're not a senior citizen - that one where you walk into a room or open a ... fury road ? haha . i tend to prefer more intense genres for that reason , especially if they have a darker theme and something that typically ends up creating controversy in the mainstream . thrillers , ... in high school ? lol i didn't start conversations . the only times i managed to make friends is if someone in high school started a conversation with me ( which was rare ) . i learned my lesson in jr high ... always thinking ahead and not ever able to shut that off entirely . in some sense i lose touch with the present , because my mind is just using here and now to extrapolate into the future . usually ... mostly slang stuff i guess . bae , on fleek , etc . especially when it seems like they're using it for social image purposes and especially when they're not teenagers ( though tbh as a teen i probably ... yes it reminds me of a talk i once listened to on youtube , which i think is actually describing a microcosm of the type of alienating social environment i was describing ( maybe applies to intjs in ... can't say i haven't done equally nonsensical things in other aspects of my life . it's like not being excited is offensive . nite you're looking for something of substance to reflect on but also like variety and a touch of cheekiness in your life . my favorite artists and songs have changed a bit over the years , ... i think maybe a few times ... more often i'm called too serious or too literal . mostly i've experienced isolation by interest , i . e . no one around me has interests in common , and if i try to be more social ( i . e . go get a drink with some people i just met ) , it makes me wonder ... i think i'm also often seen as boring . that or unapproachable . often , when people like me it makes me skeptical , either of myself ( did i do / say something misleading to give the illusion that i'm ... people hang things with the hook opening towards you ? : confused : that seems so much harder ( to get them in that way too , but maybe i'm just inept because sometimes i get frustrated hanging them the ... i don't think it makes much sense , although if it's re-framed a bit it might ... hate is almost like a negative moral judgment , which suggests that person had a choice in what you hate them for . in a ... administrative work ( not receptionist ); in retail , working inventory or merchandising exclusively ; i also second r & d / research type positions , which could include some writing without having to ... ha , i got into a gifted program in elementary school and i think i still have slight ptsd from it , lol . seemed like all they cared about was our test scores so they could show them off to the ... the type that is most disproportionately female ... skews the average size for that type dramatically downwards . my incredibly reliable sample size of 2 studies suggests it's one of the sfj types ... glad this thread is still going ... ( i signed in to post here ; turns out my ' like ' notifications made it easy to locate either way ) . had a fairly large derp incident today . i was planning to buy ... truth . sometimes it seems like others have more respect / admiration ( perhaps intimidation , on some occasions ) for me than i do for myself ... ends with impostor syndrome , me thinking if i'm giving ... i haven't found success in actually looking . typically i had something else on my mind and found new friends that way ( so .. i guess the common interest advice others have suggested here , but with the ... official word from the who ( note that possibly carcinogenic is two classification levels below [ in terms of strength of causal evidence ] sun exposure , alcohol , and processed meats .. ) who | ... - chilled coffee with sugar and half & half - chickpea-vegetable curry - sweet potato corn chips - half of a cupcake - soy protein shake - cheese ravioli in tomato sauce w / grated parmesan - a salad ... nope . that sounds like a really unhealthy mentality . i've also heard that it's better ( in terms of health risk ) to be slightly overweight than to be underweight . and thin =/ = healthy . could also ... depends who you ask . :P it's usually sarcasm , dark humor , puns or some combination of those ... with the second one it's most dependent on who i'm around because dark humor : some people :: dark ... xnfp ( tie ... i'd have to have a larger sample to know for sure .. ) , entj and intp . not in any particular order . but those are the types i seem to have the most viable substance to base any lasting ... yeah i tend to do it that way because then my emotions don't have to get involved . i don't like leaving the feeling hanging i just am at a loss of wtf to do with it that would be remotely sane ... right . was gonna say . it seems like my whole life is an awkward phase . ah the shy extrovert trope .. early adulthood ( ages 20-35 ): ( current ) . i voted not happy with my weight ... i'm kinda becoming apathetic about it at this point , but i can't really say i'm happy either . the most advice i get from my ... i chose the second one ; if i don't completely love something but it's not insufferable and it has value to others , to improving society and whatnot .. i probably would grow to hate doing it without ... look up ionizing vs non-ionizing radiation . it's usually reassuring ( hint : microwaves - which include cell phone waves - don't mutate dna ) . so they don't want to operate ( like that woman in the video ) ? hmm ... lzzy hale , anna torv , top 2 i think https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/a8/b4/a2/a8b4a2ba6cf76e4b66f24a7ff80dbf89--girl-crushes-my-girl.jpg ... https://www.livescience.com/55130-how-hot-beverages-increase-cancer-risk.html https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WPz9Fcvb1II oh my god . that was hilarious . yeah , the guy that wants me ( and other colleagues ) to watch this docu ... he wants us to watch the whole thing ... i think i got up to about 20 mins ( maybe less ) ... are you confirmed to have prolactinoma ( the growth or whatever you want to call it ? ) i have had elevated prolactin levels ( i think when i was about 19 or 20 ) but it was most likely a side ... maybe they're just more blind to social awkwardness because they use fi instead of fe ( so not paying attention to intj's possible detriment to group cohesion ) , but they also aren't fi doms so there's ... https://ih0.redbubble.net/image.260890341.2939/flat,1000x1000,075,f.jpg ha . i've wondered about that . i do check the little symbol so i notice where there's a mismatch or if it's gender neutral . but then i kinda get the avatar image of them stuck in my head and every ... first of all : well then . must've missed the memo on that one others have covered a lot already , but i'll see what i can come up with .. irl - i don't think i can say what it's like in real ... i can see why indecisiveness would be a turnoff ... so is bossing people around and trying to control them , lol . i think introverts and intx in particular tend to have an internal locus of control , maybe even excessively ( if relying too much on their top functions ) but in a really unhealthy state you will see ... it depends on the avatar , with inanimate objects not really . i don't really imagine how someone would sound either . though with text avis sometimes i kind of imagine the person's overall demeanor and ... coworker ( same one as in op .. btw he's premed so i guess that's why he keeps finding the good ones ) just shared this article , it's a critique of the film by a vegan dietitian : ... lol apparently harry styles has perfect eyes https://www.bustle.com/p/harry-styles-has-the-most-beautiful-eyes-according-to-a-very-serious-scientific-study-73402 warriors traditionally worked below ( ultimately , for ) leaders , so i wonder how that ties in . what do you mean ? istjs are s-dom n-inferior . well it was just released this year if that helps at all . but yeah the emphasis on carbs aren't bad , fat is really undermined its credibility . that and the outlandish statements like equating ... theoretically , when two functions are next to each other in the stack ( as n and s are in infp ) , it could be a source of confusion . i was pointing out the irony that you either didn't notice that she asked you that question or just forgot to answer it . : tongue : '