' considering i live in belgium where ' pannenkoek ' refers to what y'all rednecks insist on calling crepes , i very much made ' american pancakes ' :P i've been spending my free time with more important things like bingeing new mangas and shows and getting stuck on wikipedia and facebook arguments , and mentoring newbies on skype :P i still check in ... i can second that , life can swoop around fast . i graduated when i was 24 , got a steady job a bit under a year later , and my 25th year of life was quite possibly the absolutel best i've had since ... you know you're intp when at work in a customer service department , you're the one female promoted to the technical support and all the dudes seem to be totally alright with counting you as honorary ... i got away with not turning in my math notes ( we had to copy across every single exercise and whatever we took down into a ' neat ' version and let it be checked about eight times each year ) even a ... boy , is there ever an amazing new thing out for you ... homepage | pokémon go not the right topics , maybe . i feel like i could give the same kind of praise to my own intp so . i appreciate it so much that i don't need to hold back any of my silliness or shitty parts , to the point where it becomes easy to ... no . there is no floaty bullshit ' mind ' that stores the registered information , our brain does that in a nice physical sense . that to us it creates sensations of consciousness and conscious ... and how do you think a sensor of any kind ' observes ' ... there's always a chain of cause and effect there of forces or particles directly leading to the kind of detectable , physically detectable ... depends on what you need it for ... so at work , the synthetic biology department that's responsible for synthesising and assembling long dna fragments , which is its own production and customer / technical support topic in the company ... how ' bout ' expression of an intense sense of horror ' . * twitch * * twitchtwitch * intp couple meets world : damnit , turns out we did underestimate just how much emotional weight people put on the act of proposing . us , having fun , making this thing all ours with me scheming ... on point , sah ^ - - still not addressing my critiques , and still rehashing some of the obvious errors in methodology . you can do validity and correlation studies all you want , psychology research is rife with them , ... i think the point is that your own feelings and opinions matter too and in many personal matters , there's nothing to gain from trying to ' justify ' or defend certain decisions , let alone turn them ... i could be wrong , but maybe you might need some time to just let your brain bounce back from whatever pressure's been doing this ? get some proper sleep if you haven't , if it's bugging you that ... anxiety , doubts , a lack of confidence and the resulting lack of motivation are all pretty intertwined i think . i've at times vehemently internally cursed my neurotically ingrained passiveness and ... yeh , the overthink , don't i know it too ... i agree it's probably just fine if you just take it as a kind gesture , that he shared his feelings with you , not some kind of baiting you for a response ... we are very similar in approach , hence why i think i have solid grounds to postulate that the main difference between us is broad scientific , logical literacy . i hold a different hypothesis : 1 ... there are so many flaws to this setup i don't even know to begin . for one , the problem already starts with that you'll be assigning categories that haven't been validated themselves . you say ' test ... i find that telling people to back off usually works out alright . ' thank you , just please keep in mind i'm really not going to reciprocate so if you could leave it at that that'd be fantastic . ' ... i'd suppose the second part is being raised into getting used to ' emotional labour ' and putting more work into relationships as little as we might be interested at first . i've been shamed pretty hard ... graficcha here is still a percafé regular whose main issue with mbti is that once you try to use it as anything beside ' self-reported preferences indicator ' , the whole premise is somewhat flawed from ... i have personally replicated a test that shows that damselflies have a rudimentary ' personality ' , in this case logically defined as an aspect of behaviour / behavioural tendencies that are not 100 % ... bigapplepi this sounds like something a te / se type of thinker would consider . i am a conceptualizer . that sounds like something a fucking blithering idiot would respond to ' here is a fact ... would it be too sassy to say ' if they were that important , you'd have already read them sooner ' ? i've had a tabs problem , now if i find it's been open too long without me reading it i probably ... also , you may have picked up the concept of ' multitasking not being possible ' . while it is ( probably for the most part ) true that most ' simultaneous ' activity still requires shifting ... why yes , i have been doing ' some ' thinking . considering your amygdala , the centre associated most strongly with emotions , doesn't exactly have a category external-internal , that's already one set ... here is the theory for that : ti has to do with logic and order ; fi has to do with valuation . those are entirely different and operate in different dimensions . the mind can't hold and deal with both ... i can't speak for 1 . but for 2 . it may have something to do with us establishing early on as very much animal and notably cats-people , regularly talking about cats meowing , meowing for shits and ... i say this on the assumption one can't have ti and fi simultaneously . outside of ' the written word of mbti , interpreted in a certain way ' which i consider to be only marginally more reliable ... the government did it , but the people in your society of the past and present did . no fucking big bank ceo would have jack shit without everyone in the company contributing their time and efforts , ... i'm not sure why you're putting the ' collectivist ' sticker on me when that doesn't represent what i stand for . i have no reverence for ' the state ' as an entity by itself , i consider it a tool that ... i live in a country that has done its share of dumb shit but since we left congo alone we've spent far more energy in trying to get the fuck along with everyone . my country's the world champion of ... tax is theft at the barrel of a gun and a surrender of personal autonomy . most intps i know value personal autonomy quite highly . nothing a single person owns on this planet is 100 % earned ... mostly through culturally ingrained systems of sharing and shunning of those who were found to not do their share of sharing ... y'know , unwritten laws that went ' don't be a selfish jerk ' that ... of course not . the key there is that in order to have individuals that are well-adapted to their environment , as well as to ensure that if things change you'll still have enough tools to work with , ... haven't been here for a while but in the months and months i've been off lurker duty ( hooray fulltime job ) i am happy to announce that after six months of intp-tempo slow stewing schemery , in about ... me and by bf ( both intps / inxps ) over the span of two years living together ( have known each other for six ) communicate in meows often somehow , especially when we don't have anything specific to say ... brains evolved by millions of years of evolution to function optimally under certain levels of stimulation , and to have mechanisms to ensure we are motivated to seek them out as well considering ... apparently one of the tips for sensitive people is to sip cold water to help cool their brains off quite literally , there's some structures behind the back of your throat that can sometimes do with a ... i do agree with you there that the existence of religion has had far less frivolous consequences than some people deciding to spend a few minutes of their day praying on a mat . i've become a lot less ... in those regards i suppose doing something useful with my time can be considered addictive , or sleeping / eating / drinking . if i isolate myself from human contact that long i'd go pretty nuts even if i ... shyness can be seen as a mild expression of social anxiety , so it can be part of a larger pattern . welcome to the wondrously messy stage of western society's emerging adulthood , scientifically defined only by the sheer unpredictability of it . worst years of my life , though i'm cautiously ... they day you'd for some inane reason be forced to wear a bra that gets all clingy and damp on a hot day you'll suddenly have less compunctions of letting things fly out the moment you get home , haha ... over the years i've been finding it easier and easier to accept that human beings spend a lot of time doing really pointless things , and technically my own life is filled with things that are pretty ... '