' the trick here is to know what your values are , know what you're passionate about , and then find a group of people with those same values and passions . for me it's atheism . i'm very anti-religion and ... first , you mean moot point . second , having one child doesn't suddenly make sex irrelevant or more dangerous . having any children when you're not prepared for them is bad . thus the point of focusing ... * yawn * first , the no sex thing is utter and complete bs . how about being safe instead ? that's a better answer . especially given our ofttimes impulsive nature . also , study . mr , ray did hit a home ... i point out exceedingly obvious things in the most dead pan way possible . take their beliefs and turn them on end or mock them extensively . the more i date , and the more i integrate typology into my interactions with others , the more i'm coming to find that nt + nf is probably a poor idea . i'm not saying it can't work , anything can work if ... i understand what you're saying . the whole outside of time thing is something that i've heard in many churches over the years . god is explained to have always been . my point still stands though ... second time you've said that and i have to call you out on it . you say this , yet at the same time you suggest that's exactly what happened . god either just was , happened , or came from nothing . in ... ummm no . you should brush up on your terminology . and , if you understood logic , you'd understand that it should be considered and then dismissed quickly . that's cute ... did you take a logic ... as missy said , it's a lack of belief . there is no reason to believe that a god , or anything outside of observable nature , exists . you should probably brush up on your terminology a bit . also , i'll ... partially . one of those books you should read is the bible . seriously . most atheists know the bible better than theists . more so though , it's a way of thinking . is there any place in life where ... well , quite a few people consider that relevant and eventually span it into the earth being only 6000 years old . you're right though , the bible is primarily there to deal with human interaction , ... ftfy stupid 10 character limit . there , i've defeated you ! ha ! my current favorite is still : i'd call you a cunt , but you lack depth and warmth . lol - that was a joke . : tongue : while i might think about making a point to introduce a couple drinks to ease comfort levels , i would never , ever , consider taking advantage of someone . it's simply ... yeah , i wish i had read this prior to the date . wow ... i don't think i've ever been on a date with someone so ... closed ? i mean , the conversation all night was great . she was just so wishy-washy in ... yeah , i'm totally getting easy going and slightly romantic as vibes . good to know i'm reading properly . : wink : going on a first date with who i believe is an isfp this evening . any advice is welcome . so far , from the little browsing i'm doing it seems that freedom is a big word around here . i'm not really ... having her take the test is probably the most simple way . especially if you're in a relationship , it's going to be difficult to judge the f over the t . probably one of the simplest means of ... yeah , opinions and notes would be welcome . i'm flirting with an entj right now and it's always nice to have perspectives . > > < < get out now ! ! ! save yourself ! ! ! > > < < this is his way of determining if you're both ready to be in a relationship . if yes , go jump him and share intimate things and insecurities . if not , leave him alone . love ya ! simply because the most devastating break-up i've ever had was from an intj and that's more or less what went down . n > n > n > f > n > n > n > f > t > t > t > f > t > f > t > f ... and you're kinda cute ... they may hump your leg . just a little . maybe try to grab your ass . maybe . it's funny that an intj is asking this question ... especially given the phrasing . my last serious relationship was an intj . that is pretty much what went down . the bitch can rot in hell . we ... butyou're an infj ! and sooo cute ! and sooo female . i want your hugs . forever . and ever . and ever . also , can you stop watering the bushes outside your window so often ? i hate cleaning the mud out ... , , , , , , ... so ... hugs then ? : mellow : exactly . i have a very well meaning friend who is precisely this way with me . sure , the concept they're describing may make sense on some level , but it doesn't have an application we can integrate ... well only insomuch as it's something you'll go through many times . ignore the sensors ; rarely will they have the tools required to understand what you're going through . they're probably the ones ... don't worry . hang out a bit . it will help . nonononononononono guys . no . wrong . bad enfps ! bad ! ! ! because they're sensors . seriously . we remember things in a completely different way . we associate feelings with memories . want ... sorry , ghosts don't exist . seek more help . lol a friend of mine was telling me the other night ( with hand gestures ) you're here . you need to take it down to here . you're an 8 , you need to take it down to a 3 . where you are , where you need ... cease all contact and stay far away from him . you make me laugh , jim . yes , yes you are . * leers * : crazy : it's funny cause it's true . : crazy : intelligence differs . i live with two istjs . once is so very smart . the other ... not so much . the smart one is very smart , but not quite as smart as me . so yeah , intelligence =/ = type . you do like to cuddle , right ? : crazy : i have no problems with boundaries . mine are quite important to me . most of the time . sometimes . well , once in a while . your boundaries on the other hand ? they're silly . i'm going to show you how ... that's a bit vague . what's the reason for the question ? would you like to bond , are you having a problem , trying to achieve something ? it's nice knowing that someone knew exactly what i meant . we're so very willing to see all the good in people . i think it's one of the reasons we develop strong core values ; things we won't ... indeed . besides , once in a while , people deserve our dark sides . lmao - if you think that's immaturity you haven't been in these forums long enough . that's playful banter . is he your gardener ? pool boy ? i'm not really into guys so i'd probably rather meet his sisters . it's ok . use your brain enough and you'll figure out how silly the bible is . perhaps you should read it that often helps . add religion to that list , and yeah , pretty much . i connect all of them with a marked lack of intelligence and knowledge . nice . i'm glad i wasn't the only one to say this . projecting much ? : laughing : not by you . about the only thing you can do is lead by example , but good luck with that . what you need to do is ignore her messes except for where they specifically impact you . her dirty room ... '