' yeah my intj friend is in a relationship . we were just working together , and i've never met her . found out we had some similarities and decided to grab dinner . didn't think anything about it after , ... funny . i fell in love with an intj . was that you ? : tongue : that makes even more sense ! ! ! : laughing : how do you know me so well ? have you been stalking me ? hanging out with a fellow enfj'er , i think he nailed our personality well , and that is , the greatest paradox with enfj personalities is that ... had the same thing happened to me . didn't realized i loved my friend as we spent a lot of time together and we just clicked . i just thought we're just close friends . nope , had to re-evaluate my ... hello all , hope you're all doing well . just wondering , is it hard falling in love or finding love ? i would like to hear from males and females point of view . i'm 30 and i can count with one hand ... yeah i'm an enfj . i tried bringing it up and he denies that it happened and gets upset that i'm making stuff up . my dad is the type to tell everything bad about me , and everything wrong about him , he ... thank you . in some way i just want to detach myself from him and his side of the family . they don't have family values and put money as their priority in life . one of my aunts said i was useless ... no but it's just annoying that i've been neglected by my dad for majority of my life and now that he figured i'm the responsible one , he wants me back . and i'm like no . you didn't think i was ... hi , how are y'all doing ? so this has been on my mind for a while . growing up , i was not my dad's [ isfp ] favorite kid child . he obviously favored my younger sister [ esfp ] so much more than me and ... i think you hit it on the head . i have a tough time respecting boundaries . ugh ... so basically you just ask them if you're being too intense ? ( i've been called both , more overbearing than intense ) . what is it with enfjs and being too intense ? i just want to know the person ... is ... hi y'all how y'all doing ? so as many of you know , enfjs can be overbearing . has anyone ever been told that they've been overbearing , and if so , how do you control that ? i've been told multiple ... i couldn't see myself marrying someone who is sp or st , too in the moment , and too narrow-minded ( yes i am blanketing the statement , i do realize that . i also have friends in those category ( though ... i fear that might be the same issue i had , but i'm trying to break away from that issue . it's been difficult coming from a family where materialism is the center of it instead of people . i just ... my dad is an isfp . my sister is a esfp . they drive me insane . i had a classmate that was an esfp , another one that was an isfp . they both drove me insane ! ! ! ugh ... we'll talk more about it later as i am continually discovering myself . i'm going to work now . sorry for the long forum , i was trying to find romance in the pov of enfj males , but couldn't ... oh okay i suck at reading between the lines in women . she said we'll see each other again , but i need time alone . what does that mean ? ugh ... the last infj i dated , i asked her , and she was like ... thanks antipode . hmm ... yeah infjs ... seems like she's not responding . i haven't texted since the weekend , and no reply . i guess i'll poke around , give a gift or something , surprise her with food . she ... oh and can i get an opinion on this . is it bad to say i love you to someone ? it's in my nature ... ugh , ... i'm an enfj . i do it to my friends all the time ( they're all guys , and they are used to it ) ... sorry everyone , i was at work all day . yeah i'm way too honest . but i just want to know the person , but i guess on a first date , i can't expect them to be that honest since they probably ... eggsies ... to be honest , i really don't have any game ... i'm a dork : frustrating : hi everyone , i'm getting more into the dating scene and knowing how crazy stereotypical i am as an enfj . so being male and trying to pick up someone , especially if she's introverted , how do male ... hi everyone , just an update . i haven't been sleeping well . i've been thinking about her and just different scenarios that could happen that maybe we can be together someday even though that ... it's like that youtube video ... she has a boyfriend thanks everyone . i haven't fallen in love in a long time . i'm really independent and do many things on my own . it's been a long time since i've given my time and attention to one person ( last time ... hello fellow enfjs , i was trying to find a thread on this but couldn't . hope you have all been well . sorry i haven't been here in a while . life got busy , really busy . anyway , i had a crush on a ... sounds like a song from wicked ... i've heard it said , that people come into our lives , for a reason , to bring something we much learn , and we are led to those who help us most to grow , if we let ... i have my close circle of friends that i keep , but i have many good friends that i have picked up along the way . i haven't had anyone been added to my close knit circle , but there are some of my good ... hello fellow enfjs , i was just curious as i was reading the morning personality report , which mbti are in your close circle of friends , and what defines them as your close / best friend ( s ) . i'll ... has anyone interacted with esfps ? i don't know how to act around them . i feel like they give the same kind of vibe as enfjs , but the more i get to know them , the more i don't get them . does any other ... i'm still a virgin . i think we value sex at a higher level than others since it's like the ultimate form of love that we want to give to our significant other . so just continue doing what you do . i ... went through high school . didn't seriously date ... actually i would say that i didn't date at all . but college , i wish i had the guts to ask this girl out , who i loved dearly . now we don't talk ... i think the problem with enfjs in general ( or at least what i've been told ) is that we are a chameleon . we are in tune with others and how they want to be communicated to , and that causes a problem ... funny . i used to be like that . i used to hang out with girls until the end of high school . and then in college , i hung out with exclusively guys . i actually liked the changing and hanging out with ... i concur . i'm not the most stereotypical guy since i'm more in tuned with my emotions , but i don't care . i tell guys who need to let out emotion that i don't care since i'm the same way . and that i ... hey ! i'm not manipulative ... people just don't see it my way ... : tongue : for me it's intjs ... but my best friend is an isfj and i have a crush on him ... : tongue : that is very true ... : frustrating : i live with an isfp right now and honestly , i don't know how she made it this far in her 27 years . she and i work in one department in a hospital , and apparently , i was talking to other departments ... one of those infjs will probably be my soulmate . my best friend is an infj ( sorta , he switches between infj and isfj , it depends on who he's with ) . anyway , right now he's my soulmate , but i'll find ... isfps are annoying . they're so needy and wanna gossip and do things that annoy me . they're so conceited and the only people the care about is themselves . they don't see social cues as well , and it ... i lost all the school elections , and one of the organizations wants me to continue my position that i currently am , but without the title . i was like , wtf ? you voted for the other person , and you ... this is so true ! ! ! : shocked : it hurts so much when people throw away their potential ! ! ! it's funny that my best friends all moved out from the same area . it's crazy since we all moved out of the area and we're all separated . but at the same time , we make a lot of effort to know what's ... thank you sir . funny , my best friend is an infj and he said the same thing to me , and i told him , out of all people , i give him the most love . lol ahh i see your point . i have very few best friends , but i do have a slew of good friends that i wouldn't be afraid to go to to talk about stuff either , but i wouldn't see them as best friends since ... actually , one of my friends thought that was a problem . i don't see people as numbers , because if i did , i wouldn't remember details about their lives and stuff . but i'm not an introvert , so i ... it's true , although hopefully you'll find an extrovert who can penetrate your introverted bubble and make a difference in your life xd why would you be jealous ? i get along with nfs really well ... ! : happy : and you're an infj ! so i would get along with you really well . '