' i really hope you listen to my advice and take it to heart here . i have had much experience with enfj / infjs ( chalkengers / prize in romantic interests ) it sounds like she is interested in you but has a ... as mentioned in some of the previous threads the problem isn't really the isfp personality . men seem more attractive to women when they are emotionally stable . a lot of times this emotional stability ... yourself sent from my iphone using tapatalk - now free padfeet i think he's the one putting too much of an emphasis on a label . i'd turn it right back at him and just start calling him your boyfriend . and say its ok if he doesn't like the boyfriend ... i think this is generally true . actually our j gives us ni ( a perceiving function ) as our dominant trait . where intps spend the majority of their time with ti ( a judging function ) in theory , we ... i'll apologize again . the observations in the first post was me mistyping an istp for a intp . i actually like both types a lot . i think some of my frustration came from me mistyping him , therefore i ... and to clarify . i wasn't talking about blind faith . nor am i against spirituality . or faith . i've just noticed a lot of infjs i know tend to believe that they hear from something or see visions ... saki i agree with you that its rude . the infjs i was referring to are people i'm close with . and you're right there is no point in telling someone they shouldn't believe what they believe . but when ... arclight this might be cheesy but i'll write it anyway . yes all those sperm cells are little processes ( like ourselves ) that spun off an earlier process ( our parent ) and became a separate and ... arclight and @ - zac exactly ! i never said that science and spirituality are mutually exclusive . nor did i say reason and faith was . i don't even like using the term science here , mostly because its ... here's where i went wrong . i should have sensed this . don't ask to move the relationship forward to any other level other than the one she's on . be slow . think like a turtle . just take what she feels ... i've had a similar experience with an infj . she seemed very interested at a lot of the time but was always reluctant to move it to meeting . after several long conversations over about a week via im i ... my closest grandma and mother are infj . and i have several other infjs that i've been allowed to be close with in my daily life . this question is about infjs and their spirituality side . i've ... i don't know if this is just a personal thing or not , but take it with a grain of salt pls ... i don't really get angry at the other person if they yell at me unless its for an extended period of ... yes we certainly like being direct and appreciate it when others are direct . the problem sometimes is , people can appear to be direct when actually they are telling you something else . i will take ... i don't know . i think that's gross . walking up to someone you don't know with an agenda , ( hey , i have no idea who you are but i think i might want to bone you ? ) go up and plant a small seed . then ... @ padfeet if it were me , and i told someone i didn't want a commitment , it would most likely be because i still felt connected with someone else fi . i'm extremely monogamous by nature . i never ... pls forgive all my typos . on my phone and apple likes to change my words . i believe reading in between the lines is definitely an ni thing . however , i've noticed that infjs have much more negative reads than intjs . however , i don't really know many intjs like myself so i ... [ end quote ] said mr . lewis in front of his 3rd grade class shocked about his experiences with lsd . yes ! intj women are as intimidating as bigfoot . and when they come out of hiding all the footage is all out of focus . it was directed at you . i guess i shouldn't ask for people to do things as the best work is done when we are self inspired . however , i was curious . and i've read several books and countless web ... yep , it is what it is , this obsessively painful regret . it only goes away after something amazing happens to eclipse it . something that would have never played out if you had won your lost prize . i ... so would te be , knowing other threads exist on the subject , but going ahead and making the same thread so , if someone says something you don't quite understand completely , or if you think they may ... yes , it's entirely subjective . i considered the question to be for a subjective view from random intjs . yes , never ask others to do things ime but will try to get others to do things in different ... i hadn't heard that before . about ti doms not using te and vice-versa . always heard people say the opposite . as if te users can't use ti . actually have a book that buts all 8 functions from greatest ... ok , that sounds a lot better than the long winded things that just confused me . i actually felt like i related more to ti the way some explain it with diagrams and matrices etc . when i was 4 i was told we were going to cedar rapids to see santa clause . they kept telling me we were going to see santa clause and i kept asking about the rabbits . we're going to see santa ... ok , i'll play . but i'm intj ... disclaimer i know most of this has to do with business . but , being a successful business ultimately helps our customers and our employees ... people . :-) when i ... i think i just love the conversation . i consider myself to have a great sense of humor but i need someone to play off . someone to get the ball rolling . i can remember an enfp i had a major crush on ... yea , i think i was basing some of that off of the istp i mistyped in the other thread . i wasn't basing it all of him though . now that i think about it more i really haven't been in many debates with ... just an intj wanting to know how you guys see te . just thought i'd ask the experts about how they would describe ti ... ? thanks for sharing your thoughts ! don't worry about those posts . lol , i love the random comments that inevitably come in . guys we're all individuals , stop over generalizing ! this is personality cafe , and we are talking about ... i guess i was being an ass . but what i mean is . sometimes you guys seem to lack the judgement to admit you're wrong for a while about some points . even obvious ones . i concede points during debate ... also , i'm very impressed with your ni vs . description as well . and i could see how an istp could get quite good at it . but maybe not . i'm just thinking of all the juicy possibilities and ... now i want to change the name of the topic . intjs observations of an istj , whom he mistyped as an intp . ;-) you know what ? this makes sense . i actually typed him as an istp for a while but there were a lot of little things that made it hard for me to think that he's an s type . so because i had went that ... i change my mind all the time . a great intj once said , when the facts change , i change my mind . - john maynard keynes priva the discussions that i've been involved in with you is leading me ... ok , good to know . me either . i can't stand it when girls i like insist on avoiding a direct answer to every question . i didn't want to lead him astray . but even i can appreciate indirect signals that ... * doesnt seem to happen much i guess that was a little rude . i think i came across wrong . truth is most istps just don't seem to like to talk about theory . when i said i wouldn't discuss theory with an istp , i guess i mean it ... ok , i'm a male so this might not help you out . i hold the view that female intjs can be quite different than the males . first | i really enjoy being around dominant ne types so you got that in your ... i'll expand my statement . only if we [ hold a subjective view ] that we are around incompetent people [ that have not gained our confidence ( yet ) ] . however , we do take other people logical points into consideration . we are not set on being right you just need to explain why we may be wrong . we want the best result . to me , i just think we're ... your intp / intj process seems reasonably accurate . it takes me time to develop trust that someone else can get things done . i test them by asking them why they are doing things a certain way . ( i normally think i see a better on . ) if they have good ... only if we're around incompetent people . also im on my phone , so pls overlook the typos ya , it screams istp . i agree . but he is intp nevertheless . this is from an intj perspective . maybe , we look at you intps like you guys look at istp . i wouldn't even bother trying to discuss theory ... '