' love and purpose motivates me as long as i have a genuine purpose ie ; helping other or just doing things that on some level will help the beings and the universe . he needs to follow his passion and ... yes i follow numerology ( i am a 33/6 ) all numbers and the meanings if you want to have a more in depth look at you numbers you can go to this site angel numbers - joanne sacred scribes : index - the ... cancer here i think it is very relative to our lives and i use numerology as well ... yes yes this is all true :) it's funny cause i talk about saving the world every day and i believe one thought at a time we can do this and that really it's all about love and light ( i know sounds ... kymatica 1 - incredible 2 - how i can amplify my love and light and continue healing this planet 3 - i feel iam right where iam supposed to be at this moment because i always follow my intuition and the path ... i think ill comment on the other side of this in a sense ... i believe in order to be a happy enfp one must have the following things . 1 - time with self ie.meditating or some sort of spiritual ... always ask questions never settle and trust your intuitiveness http://youtu.be/AanQ2mY2jjc yes as we can all relate to this ... i believe the key is to be mindful in thought live in the moment and breath :) http://youtu.be/TsNyLvzhJJo i find healthy diet , stress free environments , exercise and meditation time with self to be the best recipie :) my thoughts unraveling to show a deeper knowing of self ... you need to breathe all is ok no need to worry about irelivent thoughts just go with the flow all is ok in the now :) http://youtu.be/fE5OGBjtTVU :) http://youtu.be/ssDY74nLuLg crazy is a relative term in the sense i think other types are more likely to settle or follow what they are told or what has been instilled in there sub conscious . as enfps we naturally are not ... because you are always right where u are suppose to be doing exactly what your supposed to be doing ! take your hands off the wheel of life and ride the flow :) only ever use your power of love and light to benefit others and self on the path to balance and harmony :) i will never settle and always strive to continue putting positive energy and love out into the universe for those that need it and i will continue to help others to be connected to self and live a ... you must meditate surround your self with love and light . retrain your sub conscious and habitual beliefs that have been instilled in you and install new beliefs which with time and practice will ... things that create harmony , balance and love raising the conscious vibration of the universe ! 1 . phenomenal 2 . i am thinking that my energy that i resonate will contribute to make this universe a better place 3 . i feel i am on my right path , of balance , harmony , love and light . this in turn ... i have incredible long turn memory even down to the colour on the walls , carpet in the room and the lay out of the house when i was 2 kinda strange . now on the short term memory not so good ;) x93happiness is when what you think , what you say , and what you do are in harmony . x94 an eye for an eye will make the whole world blind . x94 see the good in people and help them x93be the change ... http://youtu.be/OiOQAYfQfAM http://youtu.be/fY0oPg1h8fQ http://youtu.be/fY0oPg1h8fQ thoughts of a love sick man trapped in this cage loves my only gage so far away please say you'll stay i crave the touch of your skin open your heart and i'll walk right in i want it all ... this is a issue that i delt with growing up . now at 36 i have now realized the importance of meditation and working through theses emotions of stress . i work everyday on limiting my stress . when i ... 3:22 and i wonder why the world is driven on negativity and fear ... i shall continue to live a positive path spreading love ;) hugs to all ! ! this will bust your mind wide open ;) http://youtu.be/xAWf3F8_zQk as an enfp we sometimes say and do things that at the time we don't realize / mean to hurt the other person but then when reflect we realize what we have done and feel terrible for it and in turn just ... we all live in a delusion of our own creative illusion reality is a grey area if you wake up every morning and believe you are happy you will be happy you can have anything you want if you are ... i relate the what ever will be will be . is that some times we have to take our hands off of the wheel and quit trying to control and just allow things to unfold as the are ment to be now that being ... trolling ? ? ? nope just believe that our spiritual and mental state affects our physical state . when we rid our self of internal toxins ( emotional , spiritual and mental ) we can affect our physical ... i think in this context nothing does last forever ie . when u first meet somone there is that intense passion of wanting and knowing the connection but as time goes on that level of intensity ends and ... i think these are great words to ground us and remind us that all is ok . in this journey we must trust the process and always breathe in love and breathe out love :) enjoy the read and ty to mark ... always worked in the hospitality field currently guest relations manager at a large hotel :) i enjoy games of the conscious ie . getting people from across the room to turn and look at you finishing peoples sentences seeing how many people u can get to smile back paying it forward and ... i love ... my kids , family and close friends being me spiritual journeys intuition helping others , anything humanitarian cooking / entertaining traveling dancing naked in the rain numerology rid yourself of the emotional toxins of your heart / soul and believe and reaffirm that you have great skin ... that easy :) when you believe in the better for all rather then the negative bs of the world . and i believe i can help to heal the planet and those that reside on it . we just need to get others to understand ... iam am def more on the healthy side of nf more then i ever have been and iam going up and onward from here ... an unhealthy nf is very self centred , manipulative for self gain , untrustworthy , ... iam not an insomniac but have had many a time where i can't shut my mind off and am up super late running every scenario over and over . i find through meditation that i have been able to control it ... the fact that i woke this morning knowing that iam on my way to a life of meaning and following my true path . oh and that the sunshine is shining her warmth down on me :) the key is this must start with you we have the ability to manifest all that we want if we live the life like we already have it . the world is damaged the way i try to help is by being the best ... comfortable in my skin - xavier rudd i do hold my values close but ... when it's about the well being of those close to me and humanity as a whole my values tend to mean nothing at times . i will come just shy of sacrificing myself to ... don't hate anyone but am annoyed by those close to me that have settled for less then they are worth in this life :( by not always trusting my intuition :/ understanding that i can't control everything ! this has been a very very hard challenge :/ '