' : laughing : @ the derails . heaven is a secluded cottage in the highlands of scotland . istjs don't sleep ;-) how much cash do you usually bring with you ? none unless i am traveling out of town . do you bring coins ? i know some people only bring paper money . i carry £ 1.20 for bus fare . decided to just ... i adore the oatmeal ! they slay me ( not literally of course :-P ) the big gay steamroller is one of my faves . on topic : i find that there are few people i am attracted to so i think this scenario ... wasn't trying to be pedantic , i just think people can have different definitions of flirting and i was showing what definition i was basing my answer upon . to better answer your questions : ... rant ( obscene language ahead ) dear douche in the grocery store who was complaining because your so is pregnant again ... another mouth to feed , etc : dude . stop fucking your girlfriend or ... flirt verb ( used without object ) 1 . to court triflingly or act amorously without serious intentions ; play at love ; coquet . source : dictionary.com | find the meanings and definitions of words ... i would have posted it myself but my youtube vids never work right in this forum . depends on what it is , who's askin ' , etc . my kitchen is my dance floor , especially while cooking ;-) i used to like to go out and dance as a teen . not so much any more . i'd like to learn ballroom and salsa but doubt i'll be able to find ... who else got the romantics tune stuck in their head ? * sends hello 317 a telepathic message * did it work ? : tongue : rant : presumptuousness . blech . rave : fall is almost here ! rant : ultimatums . i think i've ranted about them before . what do people expect ? well , i wasn't going to do what you wanted , ... nah , i just weigh in every few months or so . dunno why . not encouragement really , just a statement of opinions and such . plus i couldn't pass the ginger thing up ;-) . for the last time , direct does not = mean . * sigh * . you can be mean while being direct , sure . but you can be nice as well . / psa your powers of observation are astounding says tnredhead . : laughing : what state do you think i'm from ? : tongue : sorry , i don't mean to pick on you . it's just so easy right , back to ... i wasn't talking about the dancing . meh , i must have misunderstood your post . wouldn't be the first time . hope you continue to have fun with it . i wondered how long before the ginger kid / south park thing would come up . i love that episode ... we are coming for you ! : ninja : i also think of tim minchin . only a ginger can call another ... bwahah , y'all are too much with this ' amplify ' stuff . i don't do drama . answer to yardiff + perfect for the thread as well :-) pffft , that ginger will eat you alive . you have been warned . mood : still apathetic but i was slightly amused by the latest entries in this thread :p roud : rave : documentaries . rave : perc . i think i've raved about it before , but really it is a great tool . i'm 0 for 8 right now ( thinking that's about to change though ) . especially when you post the details of such a plot on a public internet forum . didn't you ever read the evil overlord list ? ! : tongue : i will tell you something else i like about the istj forums ... i've always wanted to learn salsa and ballroom . just not at a place like where yardiff goes ;-) looks like i'll have to screen the classes carefully prior to taking them ( like i wouldn't have ... i wouldn't know . i don't use hints and clues . i've always wanted to take dance classes , but now not so much ... mood : apathetic . reason : none . enjoy four years of ramen noodles . : tongue : seeing as the action has already been taken and there is already plenty of good advice , there isn't much to add . i just wanted to mention how amusing i find it that being direct is somehow equated ... niss , stop giving away all our secrets ! : tongue : blabbermouths are mostly annoying , but they do have their uses :-) after much reflection , i have come to realize that i really only have one dealbreaker / requirement : my so must respect themselves and respect others . if they do , they will be less likely to ... i think there has been a thread about this before , but to answer your question , i thank : anything that makes me think ( even if i don't agree with it ) anything that makes me laugh to cheer ... do you find it easy to develop a crush on someone ? no . the older i get , the fewer crushes i tend to have ( on average , about one per decade of my adult life ) . do you or have you in the past , ... i thought my tastes varied pretty widely , but i've mostly dated nerdy types . i dislike overly alpha male testostorone-y types . i'm attracted to men but i don't rule out that i could be attracted ... mine's already happened . kind of liberating , actually . i guess that makes my new biggest fear a long , painful death . that or cheese . it's a toss up ... edit : guns are fine and good , but not ... i like to have just enough along with an emergency reserve . i couldn't imagine living paycheck to paycheck , especially in this economy . i'm 30 and still haven't started saving for retirement xd . ... sorry for the confusion ... i stay several days behind on perc these days :-) . dear spammers : spam about skating and archery . archery is on my to try list but i didn't realize it was similar to golf . i'd still like to try it though i have some physical things that ... i once thought about opening a hospice house because hospice care in my state is a joke . i don't have the resources and a big fancy multimillion dollar hospice house just opened up not too far away ... rant : my haircut . the gal cut it way too short . i've been working on growing it out for a year now . not any more . i doubt it would be so bad if i hadn't spent some time talking about how i've ... 1 . do you like to wear a cap ? only functionally ( to block the sun or keep my head and ears warm ) . 2 . what brands of running shoes / sneakers are your favorite ? ( max 3 ) sketchers for comfort ... when someone says i'm done with this relationship i won't reach out either and here is why : 1 . you mean it and there would be no point in reaching out to you . i will always strive to respect ... i can only see the girl spinning one way . i think it is because all i can think about is how she isn't tipping over when watching her spin . xd . just curious as to your experiences in interacting with other istjs in real life . i think my sister and mom are both istjs and it can be interesting sometimes . i'm sure this has been touched on ... mood : zombie reason : if you could wake up dead , i imagine this is what it would feel like . : crying : elaboration : a month of traveling all over the mid south trying to find work and ... so someone spammed this thread about golf ? do istjs supposedly play an inordinate amount of golf ? as for me , i'm with mark twain on the subject of golf ... is there a difference between a bush-beach walk and a regular beach walk ? please explain to the american from a landlocked state :-) not basing decisions on emotion and not spewing our emotions over everyone we meet is not the same as not being in touch with them . i know what i'm feeling , when i'm feeling it , and why i'm ... medium well but i can pretty much eat it cooked any way . steak is one of my favorite meals . i personally try to have a lazy day at least once a week . women who become involved with a married / committed man , then get into a committed relationship with that man , and then are shocked and amazed when he cheats on her with someone else ( or many ... pretty much this . i do get tired of the conversation though : stranger : so do you have any kids ? me : no . stranger : awww , you still have time or you'll meet the right person or any ... '