anyone like wallowing in self pity , and fantasizing about suicide ? i do . anyone here like taking valium to stave off boredom , anxiety ? i do anyone here feel like they're just a fraud , that ... am i the only infp who hated it ? way too much going on for one movie , i would have to see it again . or maybe i'm just slow : laughing : i pretend to like stuff like classical music and shit but really i like more the idea of liking that type of music . really i like indie , hardcore punk and metalcore . a challenge > listen to this ... that's really funny you say that . i went to america for a few weeks during my holidays , and it was so refreshing american people just seem to be way more open and human . like people in shops talking ... actually that makes a lot of sense . that's why we get so sad when we try to be ' ourselves ' as such and find we don't have the strength . maybe all those unidentified emotions are poisonous when ... how do you people feel about not feeling extreme emotion a whole lot ? i finished school a couple of days ago when i got my exam results , everyone was hugging and crying and stuff and were all ' oh ... youtube - nicotine and alcohol saved my life - deaf havana / w lyrics also make sure he keeps up some sort of a social life and meets his friends regularly during the holidays , i had a tendency at that age to stay in my room all day and night coz it felt easier to be ... self confidence . that would be sweet , not having to look down all the time . then bacon's mom called . she told him he should stop chasing the foolish dream of finding the eggs and get a job . struggle to understand , struggle to procreate , struggle to find a way to live , die . lower than atlantis . this particular song i really identify with . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzhdFnQDtVo haha . lambs are the cutest animals , even when they're covered in dirt and stuff . they're kind of stupid though , and smell a bit . but they are just soo cute ! : laughing : i love also the smell of ... girls say i look like robert pattinson , but usually they are drunk when they say that ! i'm around 5 ' 9 i weigh around 140lbs my mom thinks i'm handsome . i don't know if that counts ? : blushed : i ... i think no matter how much ethics or religious ethics are taught , people are just going to do what they want anyway . i believe in the underlying animal will . i don't see someone strung out and needing ... secularisation is a good thing , it gives humans of all kinds the chance to be equal , and is naturally the fairest form of statehood , but this is not going to last , what with rampant islamic ... yeah i'm really a messy eater . i've been nicknamed ' the smear ' as a result . my clothes usually get stained in the course of a meal . i wear my socks inside out . i hate when girls known to be , shall we say ' loose ' , are all flirty and touch my arm and laugh at everything i say and shit . i'm just there : i see right through you . also what's it with really macho ... i have two recurring dreams . the first one is that i'm running down a hill , but my legs are too slow to keep up and i feel like i'm falling headfirst , it's really unpleasant , been having that one for ... like afrosamurai .. i've got the most important exams in my life starting in two days , and i really shouldn't be on this ! i'm trying to give myself a panic attack , but i just end convincing myself , i ... that happened me aswell . ended up they thought i was snobby and used to beat me up . even though i used want to play with them my mom used to forbid me to , which i absolutely hated . i don't know how ... those are great pics . i like the one with the sheep on the road lol ! they're such funny creatures : happy : yeah the burren is actually just wow . it's just so primal , when i was there it made me feel like humans being could actually once upon a time have been created there out of the rock . it's a hard ... i think even in the two or however many months since i posted that thread i have begun to start to learn to love being a human being . i'm gradually beginning to extricate myself from self rejection ... yeah i actually could force myself to sit through an opera just to look cultured , it's weird lol . i honestly love chopin though , and i want to learn piano but i'm too lazy to buy one .. dostoevsky is ... i know what you mean completely by trying to tell yourself it's no big deal and the other half of you protesting . it's a battle ! i think we should just keep on getting back on the horse after being ... i think in my experience , what i've realised is that we tend react to people rather than act for ourselves . we settle for a wishy washy non person in the words of wayne dyer just so we can please ... who knows , we could be very , very distantly related : tongue : i'm now going to refer to you as my american cousin whenever i see your posts . k ? : happy : military history , dostoevsky , anything classical and old world , even if sometimes i don't particularly like it , i like the idea of liking it . being critical of pop culture , i love that ! animals , even ... that's weird . i'm from kerry : happy : that is a bit of a coincidence . you're of good stock i assure you : crazy : it might interest you to know that kerry people are supposed to have the reputation of ... so coronation street is a miniature sample of the world's personality makeup ? gaah , we're doomed ! ! i'm irish . nice to see other europeans on here lol :p roud : i know what you mean . i tried smoking for a while and people used to say that it ' doesn't suit me ' lol . i actually feel like people look at me like something's come over me when i get angry about ... i'm really scrawny so anything i wear i just feel like shit anyway : unsure : this is a funny one . my brother is 8 years older than me , and he is really like me . in fact he's so like me that when i see him doing something stupid , i usually think ' god that's what i do too ' and ... i hope your therapy will work for you . we all deserve to be happy cats are way too fickle for my liking . i love my dog , especially when he puts his head on my foot and goes to sleep , i love that . hate my sisters cat , it had to have its tail removed too so now it ... it would really suck if i was a young boy and you were my mom .. sorry ! it is possibly one of the best things about growing up as a boy . i owned about five or six when i was young , i never had any ... i usually don't a actively seek approval , as in doing stuff just to get people's approval . it's just like when people disapprove of something i'm doing or being at any one time i usually can't help ... any one of you have trouble with approval seeking ? i recently read one of these self help books and was all positive and shit for a couple of days , i was actually on top of the world . i finally ... slingshot fight when i was 12 , and seriously stupid . i got a stone right in the eye . not nice at all . 6 days in hospital worrying would my eye explode coz the pressure was so high . : laughing : it's a ... i nearly lost my eye once . honestly , i was in hospital and all played football until i was 15 , centre forward , and i loved it.not to sound arrogant but i was pretty handy at it . then i just lost interest in it , which was strange , as i used to love it and then my ... yeah , you have to go away first before you want to come back is what they say . but do come over here sometime , its a nice place , if you don't mind forgetting what the sun looks like .. : sad : and ... superbad quote that sums up stuff : ' life's shit , right miroki ? ' 1 : faramir from the lord of the rings , sensitive yet tough . caring , brave , under appreciated , selfless . i just empathise with him for some reason . 2 : a toss up between michael corleone and jason ... my personality completely flips . i go absolutely crazy . i might not even be that drunk but i just start bouncing around the place . i talk to everyone i see , and i feel absolutely free of ... why did the plane crash ? because the pilot was a potato . this i find absolutely hilarious laughing at a joke like that pretty much sums up my sense of humour yeah we really don't get a good draw round these parts for the weather do we ? i mean i don't know why our islands have to be so wretched compared to say , france , they ain't that far away like . i know ... yeah i've been told i can be quite cold with people that i don't really know and / or like . and then i'm there thinking that i don't mean to be like that at all . what can we do about it ? we're ...