' an enfp gets energized and charged around people , no matter how much personal troubles the enfp might be going through in their enfp life . whether the enfp enjoys observing or prefers participating ... it's only reasonable and expected of every living being to enhance their chances in survival , it's a deep instinct that almost any other instinct stems from . being aware of this fact results in ... i have the same problem , i haven't been able to reach a way to distinguish between ideas that are whispers from the devil frommy own . i personally find religious advice to be helpful when it comes to ... that effect that body has over the state of mind . why do my bruises affect my thinking and the way i'm feeling ? if somebody fucks you up , are they considered gay ? someone asked why is she afraid of telling people her feelings , why did that draw your attention ? were your question about being ne-doms and claim of conflict induced by this ? because you mix understanding with attraction . and it's not such a good thing , coz it makes you very liable to experiencing limerence ( my curse , enfp here ) and attractions for people just coz they ... look , another entp lost track of the game . isn't hate a feeling though ? * hush * let the feelings go through your body , and rinse your heart . when it's time to act it's gonna feel right . banned coz avatar is suffocating . http://personalitycafe.com/customavatars/avatar40642_9.gif if i thought my decisions through , intj , you would be alone , forever . entp , just stop saying classic and rolling your eyes after every single word being said , it doesn't make you any more ... that means that i , unlike esfps , sometimes make sense . it doesn't hurt to understand someone sometime istp another intp who thinks it's extremely sufficient to only think . which stereotype came first ? that entps are assholes ? or that assholes are entps ? intp you'd be great , only if you weren't intp this should be i'm only a dick to people intp does your apathy make you give up midst pooping if you have constipation ? it takes 10 intps to change a light bulb . it takes one esfp to make everyone on the ship actually have inferior morality . yes , they do , ferociously is how infjs describe their arguing with peeps , specially intjs . ashley benson . estp ? running is hard , so hard when your body feels as consistent as jelly , no firmness all things blombing and blumbing , so you run for 10 minutes , the idea is to run with your back straight and having ... one ugly thing : picking up on friends ' feelings and adapting them sometimes as if they were my own . either i influence people or be influenced by them , can i just exist without having any kind of ... ugh people have been saying this for centuries now , i'm pretty sure aristotle said the same thing . it's an old pharaonic saying . there are no new realizations , i wish someone can realize that someday . this pic is deeply bothering mehttp :/ / 31.media.tumblr.com/458ccd9208dda0ebe503f2a82bd9179d/tumblr_mq3asm1xvR1rm73mfo1_400.gif , i have a headache that could have resulted from 5 different things i did ... my middle name is heart , pretty funkin cool eh ? it only takes one entj to sink the whole ship . sle , did you hear that bump sound ? that was something you hit with your car , sorry i talk too much i'll jump to the point coz i'm all about you having fun : get the crow bar from the trunk coz ... banned for critiquing art . this is 100 % of participating infp population agreeing and relating . explanations varied from empathy to ( that could've been you ) to grasping judgments of surrounding people . what is the mechanism ... roflmao ! can't stop laughing - have tears in my eyes now - - are you drunk or is this the regular you ? awesome humor is awesome . infp i envy you , you don't ever have to worry about having a broken spine . it seems you're pretty convinced that you have stronger preference for perceiving over judging . you didn't give enough info to measure extroversion or introversion , distinct between thinking and ... well , don't take it fanatically , don't type everyone you see and don't take it too seriously . certainly there are those who do that and take it to the extreme , but it's nothing but a mere trial for ... i'm in one of them awe modes , admiring and liking the profoundity and creativity and everything about anything anybody has to say , peoples avatars on here , even some of them didn't grab my attention ... your level of criticism is all what one has to criticize about you infp . ( nice avatar ! ) hot headed type 8 above : take a deep breath before throwing the first punch , it helps with the aiming . 1st person , i'm not sure if that has always been the case , but the last one was 1st person . although i didn't have to experience all the camera glitches that happens in reality when you lean in to ... everything is funny for an esfp , thank you for amusing everybody by not watching where you're going . when we're bored we do the silliest things entj , you only care what enhances usefulness and usability ... take the cyanide , i made my mind coz i know that makes you happy :D there's a pill , entj , that's very useful for anxiety and ends all your executive maneuvers , it's called cyanide . :d ry : lol okay , i see i deserved that , i wanted to ask if i knew beforehand that i'm being used , and while being used that i am being used , does that still count ? that it's voluntary and by ... write down some damn criticism woman : angry : . no one can figure an intj out , i doubt if they even understand themselves sometimes : frustrating : where is the criticism intj ? it's officially sad when an enfp asks an intj to stay focused :d ry : do you know eva brown ? she loved him . intj looking at history to justify not having feelings for human species . i get along with everyone ! but i prefer some company over the other , istps kills enthusiasm and any sense of creativity a living being can have . istjs shoots down any kind of imagination . they ... shoulda kept my mouth shut ooohhhhh an evil intj , why am i not surprised ? someone on fb talking about how he's not on the same level of immaculate sociability enfjs have , describing socializing in the enfp way : which i've always considered a mix of esfp ... '