' meaningless your signature shows that : - you like things organised - care little about things like colourful or eye catching - like things to be simple i've seen your signature a few times . it's pretty bloody funny all i meant that behaviourally i like an entj more often than i would other types . alright people , it's time to look deep within ourselves and think about what other type we may be . yes , yes i am aware of what we are all thinking ' why would we want to be any other type ? entps ... seems like a song for an isfp . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=npcGql9Ir6Y adore this song don't worry , i'll post my response to wiz soon but i've got to go for the day hmmm ... maybe an infp ? i'm not sure just an idea i got from reading your profile . oh , and a weaboo you're so right though . a debate about organising a debate became a debate , then an intj stepped in and brought order . just like real life thank you octavius i agree to all the rules and am happy to have you as moderator and am pleased to be able to debate wiz . i will start my arguments . this subject of whether or not students ... i'm happy to hear that fueledbyevil one day my dear ... one day octavius thank you my good man . i'll state my opinion on each of the above subjects selected by wiz . 1 . students should / should not have an after school job they should 2 . we should / should ... seems like a pretty hardline , no-nonsense dude really . sorry to hear you dropped out of that doctorate but i understand that things like that happen . happy to talk to a fellow ntp ! wiz i agree 100 % that an outsider should pick , but we should choose who will be pro / con before we start the topic is picked . the first person to respond decides the topic . honestly so true ok wiz . what's the topic for our little debate ? i saw a thread about psychoanalysing the avatar below you and i thought it would be interesting to do so for signatures . okay , so i'm debating wiz so anyone got an idea for a topic ? i was hoping to watch a debate as a moderator but hey , if you really want ! wiz let's debate . i've always been pretty good at telling stories that get people captivated and that's a skill i learnt from watching my great uncle ( estp ) and my grandpa ( intp , funnily enough ) . what i learnt is that ... so true . come on , we just need one entp to agree to fight wiz , we can't be shown up by an enfp ! that's honestly what i was thinking fueledbyevil so what topic would you personally like to debate ? wiz seems pretty deadset about coming into our forum and annihilating us ( how does that make us look ! ) just pick a topic and go back ... as an 8w7 entp i can relate . the debate i am suggesting would be more like an argument i'm format . the purpose as an adjudicator would be to just supply a topic and instigate small questions to keep ... i agree with the doctor being entp . i think that tony stark might just be a ' nice ' entp : laughing : wiz sweet , only problem is i might be a little bias because you have milo as your profile ! any entps ready to defend our honour against the enfp challenger ? not all that similar but a pretty great story anyway . at school ( year 8) we had these cops come in and talk about assault , drugs and child pornography . it was really boring and i mean really ... i've noticed for a forum for entps there are barely any debate threads . i think we should get two contenders and a moderator , give em a topic and let them lay into each other . anyone up to debate ? ... i think that's true , however i've seen both these characters typed differently . i have seen the doctor typed as an estp and tony stark as an enfp . i personally am fairly certain they are both entps ... honestly , you definitely seem to be an enfp . i wonder if infp is possible at all , i simply base that upon the fact that many infps share a mutual interest in books , music etc . we can go over this again and again . my response to retsu was a joke that i don't think many people really got . yes , i understood the sarcasm and i responded in a jokey manner that's about it . yeah , i probably should have thought that out . love you too ! can i just say , you guys are so much nicer than than the people on the entp board . hi ! : wink : yeah , i honestly agree with that . like who actually enjoys listening to people bragging about weed and hookers . yes . i find that i snap quite a lot at people with a lot of aggressiveness , this is generally because the people i'm around now really set me off . just so you know , the response i made was a joke . of course i knew she was joking in her analysis so i decided to jokingly respond irrationally . sadly , i don't think anyone really got ( i mean i added ... hey enfp , go whine and cry about your daddy issues elsewhere and let the real types fight this one out cheers mate . i was trying to get an aggressive counter reaction to the irrational way i responded . well , you are an enfp hahahaha . i know it was a joke , i was hoping to get a more aggressive counter reaction ! the way i responded was meant to seem irrationally upset and triggered , that tends to happen when you call a t ... damn , this thread is perfect . okay , up first is ... frank underwood yeah , i know he's a total entj , but i see a lot of myself in him which probably stems from the shared enneagram 8 type . he is ... hello esfj friends . i just had someone incorrectly call me an esfj on a different thread . now , as i valiantly leap on my keyboard , violently typing out my rebuttal to this clearly absurd statement , ... actually , that's a pretty stupid thing to even suggest . an esfj ? almost laughable that you would even suggest something that ridiculous . here i'll help your slightly off centre brain a little bit ... why do you say that ? damn , we can't pick wanking . okay , in all seriousness my current obsession is writing , and lately i've been writing short stories , rap songs , plays etc . i don't know why , but i've gotten really ... okay , hear me out . from what i've seen online entps don't tend to be big fans of rap . but i am . i'm kinda interested in what rappers and rap songs other entps like . above seems to be enfp . i'm fairly certain i'm entp but you guys can tell me if i'm wrong . '