' i remember when i was a sheeple that cared about grammer . “ everybody is a genius . but if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree , it will live its whole life believing that it is ... i thought i could do without the degree and certificate but after taking a year off i'm not really sure because just like many have said , me as a person ( maybe entps ) are seasonal meaning i've ... mbti ® master practitioner referral network - mbtireferralnetwork.org there are master practitioners all over the place . some of them are psychologists , some are in corporate restructuring or provide ... nicely said , multiple opinions is never bad and i'd have even more faith in me being a entp if i had more than some research i did when i was motivated months ago and afew tests ! if i was to really ... that wasn't a defensive post lol : laughing : honestly i may be ignorant to the help my type can bring my life but i don't take this that seriously . i'm a skeptic in most things so even though this is ... this is quite interesting even though i don't see myself as a sensor , i've always greatly related to all the functions of a entp , and some of the functions of a intp .. even though i'd gladly debate ... sort of yes and no ... long story short i'm much more skilled in spoken language , and as you can most likely tell by my grammar i'm not too good with the technical side of writing , i'm more skilled ... thank you for your time ! i do have lots of growing to do in the fe area and i think i may be scared of listening to my fe due to the currently useless things i am / have been passionate about . i am ... sorry for the double post but something that also bothers me is since growing up i feel like i lost the ability to find that passion which in the end will find me the path ! wow was that in your own words ? if it was not to flatter you or anything but it was quite eloquent ! this is the same way i feel but only on my best day . i've never considered myself lazy because ... i'm 19 ( graduated high school a year ago ) and i have for the last year took life off temporarily lol , almost quite literally . now that i've come back to reality the reminder that adults have to ... what's your career path ? to be a complete failure aka a entrepreneur why did you chose it ? because without failure there is no success , and the act of fearing failure will leave you ... some excerpts from two books on congnitive biases in bullet point from ! power of habit by charles duhigg and thinking , fast and slow by daniel kahneman ... heres a harvard article on biases the big idea : before you make that big decision ... - harvard business review ( skip to avoiding the challenge of avoiding bias ) heres a cia article on ... i'm not condoning you dissecting her but if you want to , personality and functions are one of the last things you want to learn . don't forget to go deeper into her biases that you know and her biases ... dump your emotional attachment to your worldview and consider the evidence apart from your emotional attachments . before we can get started , we need to agree on some principles that govern ( or ... your explanation was the flying spaghetti man ! your the genius .. brb the flying spaghetti man created us all brb all hail the flying spaghetti man strong intellect ! can someone give me a logical based solely on facts ( not theory ) explanation to how our universe came about ? ( i'm waiting ) einstein himself couldn't accomplish this ... i understand and respect the sentence in bold but , i'm speaking of those who will tell your they're atheist then try to make it sound like a fact that you should also be atheist if your a factual ... a skeptic or atheist is governed by two main principles : 1 ) all beliefs must be supported by observational evidence , and 2 ) beliefs that contradict observational evidence cannot be tolerated ... i just said he was a entp because of his wits , and need to relate things to everyone else which seems extroverted .. i always sprinkled some hopeful thinking in there ! “ only a life lived for others ... cool story bro ! god has no need to have been created , since he exists either outside time ( where cause and effect do not operate ) or within multiple dimensions of time ( such that there is no ... personal god can you read ? i never once stated believing in a personal god , i actually attempted to debunk the church in this thread god =/ = religion not even once what he is stating in the ... einstein did not believe in a personal god . however , it is interesting how he arrived at that conclusion . in developing the theory of relativity , einstein realized that the equations led to the ... i've always wanted to write a book , be a journalist , or blogger but instead i feel like i'd ramble and not know a specific thing to write about ! you can't even blame her for feeling this way you should feel pity .. its the indoctrination as of late to make people feel like their just a spec on the earth and deserve nothing ! x93common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen . x94 ― albert einstein x93we all know that light travels faster than sound . that's why certain people appear bright until you hear them speak . x94 ― albert einstein have fun with your biased point of views formed by internet trolls ! if your not smart enough to see the relevancy of those quotes good day sir .. x93two things are infinite : the universe and human ... i would honestly never think of going that far with my ne curiosity but it doesn't shock me if like entpideas said you were just entertainment in a sense ! i've always found myself thinking of and ... my stance is just one of a messenger . yes i believe in god but my point isn't to make people believe in it's just to make them not have to be scared to ! something i've noticed since my short amount ... strong assumption ! what does anything prove ? and how does that make you feel ? people like you are the reason i disapprove so many methods of teaching etc learn to use your intuition for once , find the ... just go to the second comment here http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/231610.The_World_as_I_See_It it wont let me ! ! ! did my post really just cancel all of my indents and paragraphs ! the student begins to explain . ' you can have lots of heat , even more heat , super-heat , mega-heat , unlimited heat , white heat , a little heat or no heat , but we don't have anything called ' cold ' . we ... hopefully these quotes by albert einstein will help you have some faith . i know you've probably been brainwashed into thinking only stupid people take faith in their intuition and god ( and by god i ... lol its shocking to hear none of you really have a fashion sense .. i wouldn't expect the majority of you to be hipsters : tongue : the only piece of tech you'd catch me buying that i dont need is a ... ( p . a ) chill pills in aisle 5 strategy =/ = false confidence you've never participated in this game , ( which actually is quite shocking because i though entp were lazy enough to find easier ways ... why do clothing have to have something to do with the way that they have been made or how they are being seen in society ? i'm not exactly sure but i think its a mixture of social conditioning , and ... h & m is considered a cheapskate alternative over here also . most people would go to a place with the same clothes but with a different brand . i was saying h & m because i never seen the store until ... no offense but i wonder how many of you guys deal with the common public or family lol .. designer clothes is a widely known phrase for reputable clothing names usually just for the status symbol ... bad entp ! read the sign dont feed the troll ! i was most likely your roomate ! i'm going to try and change though because i've always hated the system so my love for brand names etc .. is a contradiction of me because i always tell people how ... lmao why not ! its not better than being a corporate drone ? it might fit me also because i'm thinking of getting a degree in graphic design , and photography , or web design .. i probably never really wanted to find cheap but nice clothes i just found this store called h & m and the fabrics no homo lol dont look bad at all unlike kmart brand clothes men | h & m us luckily you must not be that into name brand clothes because in any ralph lauren section theres alot of louder clothes accompanied by quiet ralph lauren clothes ! i've had polos where the horses and ... i agree with alot of your points but my mind fights these thoughts away fiercely . i think i've just been indoctrined like many others to prefer so called big brand names that even the so called ( ... i dont know if i could feel different at all if i wore blank t shirts 24/7 and its even worse to wear blank baby blue jeans ! if i could find some good looking none name brand clothes i would ... even though i'm probably just saying this to support my name brand dependency but i feel like branded clothes look alot better also .. even though when i say name brand i mean big ones like ralph ... '