' gave me a rl chuckle . hehe . i've met a few istj males ( being around the military all my life ) . i always got along with them and had no problem . i've never been in a relationship with one though .  ... i wish .. like right now . i have to be somewhere at 10:00 . it's 9:30 . what am i doing ? click clack click clack . i need to get ready to leave now . will report if i made it on time ! lol he is ! lol ! ! ( but he's a great guy though ) he says to me if you're not paranoid , you're not being careful i'm like , are you sure you're an enfp ? i think he even said something like that , that he didn't want her to think that he couldn't meet deadlines . this in a nutshell . i have a colleague who told me that he once told his boss that he was an enfj ( he's an enfp ) . i asked him why he did it and he said because if his boss read up on the negatives of enfp type , he ... i agree with this ! most of the time it's the hair . it takes so long to do it right because i have to blow-dry it and i've got so much hair that it takes a really long time . but when i go to the salon , get a good cut , ... i don't think intjs are in the habit of forcing themselves on anyone . estp . the only one i ever met . ( to be fair , i think he had npd to boot ) . edit : everyone thought he was a super nice person and giving and nice and he was - - to other people ( just not to family ... i so visualized that . hahah . i agree ! that is absolutely not too much to ask . i will definitely remember that when i bring in stuff to a meeting . if you're going to be late at least don't come in ... my wonderful experience with one infj - he was loyal loyal loyal . what a wonderful human being he was ( and is . :) . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fjDojEOiMcE i know they're not a christian band and this is not a true praise song . but to me , the lyrics is how i feel about christ ! <3 very curious how your relationship was with your youngest daughter's dad as an estp ! in this day in time , too much could happen if i responded the way i would have years ago . i could be shot . lol . but now , i'd just have a you're an idiot look on my face , shake my head in utter ... enfps make you unhappy or happy ? exactly that is your happy face ! ... i felt like i was actually watching this unfold in real time . thank you for this story . you know as an enfp , i used to think a fight meant we were going to break up too , until my infj ex - bf told me ... it depends . a great military leader sometimes doesn't share the same traits as a great corporate leader . people may disagree but my ex-intj husband who was a great military leader wants to pull ... enfps give so many chances to rude , mean , and arrogant people that we're damn near strait jacket material by the time it's all over . when an enfp cuts off a relationship , it was probably months or ... dear intj , i wish i was more like you . xoxox , enfp hi ! okay , this may be long . i'm still with him . 4 years and counting . most difficult relationship i've ever been in but i've grown up . and we all want to grow right ? i totally get her . she ... when you pray , it's you speaking to god and when you read the word ( the bible ) that is god speaking to you . so you need to go directly to the bible . people can't give you the peace you seek ... * chuckles * well damn . seems to be true in my experience with them . i know both . the intj i know is more discipline and the intps kinda lazy . : laughing : so cute ! ! ! congratulations . that's wonderful . the good news is that things have been so much better since i've gotten over most of my fragile-self ! i think we will make it :) thank you so much for this . it really was an eye-opener . how long have you been together with your entj ? it's nice to know other enfp ( female ) and entj ( male ) relationships actually exists and ... i'll be hopeful but he's not 20 . honestly , i think it's me who really has to do some self-reflection . i sound like the woman who has a ' nail ' protruding from her forehead head and she keeps ... sooo true ! my ex intj despises any social media and only goes on the computer as a necessity ( email work , getting tickets to a football game .. lol ) he calls the the internet the devil . true story . xd ouch . like like ! can't find my glassesxd kanye west is totally intj ... bwhahhh .. : tongue : . so true ! hahah . i hate when i laugh out loud at my computer and everybody's looking o . o stop it . lol p . s . whatwas funny about your haiku was you started on the second line ! ! ( 7 syllables .. ) hahha * facepalms * ... lol dishonesty materialistic people shallow folks and oh yeah .. esfps ... lol my ex was an intj ( marine ) and although he was a rebel type , surprisingly it was the best thing for him but , make sure you are in a field where you can use your intj strengths . it is disciplined , ... of course ! they make me laugh when they aren't even trying to be funny . i like how an intj can be in the company of say two people arguing or debating a subject passionately and finally the intj ... love it ! lol for fun ! can you make a a haiku poem ( a japanese poem of seventeen syllables , in three lines of five , seven , and five ) about your personality type or a personality type you love / like ? here ... seriously ? ? ? you know , i can't really answer that . i'd like to think that i have but if i really have then wouldn't i feel a little different ? honestly , i feel like his answer would be we're too different we ... yes . lol '