' i love music . :D i rarely ever go a day without listening to it at home , or walking to class , or whenever else i can . it's a great stress-reliever after a long day , or just something to enjoy in ... i'm attending a big public university with about 25,000 students . it's a school known mostly for sciences , engineering , forestry and agricultural programs , but it has a lot more . it's very ... ooh , i love parodies . :D here are a couple : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RZwM3GvaTRM http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WM5_pac-4Is i've lost count of how many times i've listened to this now . :D http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=giaMRyn47Xg http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7RlUj1dhFzA a really good grade on my thermo midterm ... i'm pretty close with my immediate family . :) things have certainly gotten better since i got out of the moody teenage years and moved away to college . we still keep in plenty of contact via phone , ... microsoft works is a pretty misleading software name , in my experience ... :P hmm . it's been a long while since i've used that program , but it might work if you make a table and paste an image in ... i've been seriously considering it , but i'm really thinking i might be too busy this year ... but i'll probably at least have a go at it , even if i don't finish . :) i've really wanted to try it in the ... usually , but not every day . :) when i do , it's just foundation and a bit of eyeliner and mascara . i have pretty light features , so too much makeup stands out more than i would like . but just a little ... i'm in my third year of university , working towards a bs in nuclear engineering ... i enjoy it , but i'm kind of regretting not going into radiation health physics instead . ( it's a similar program , but ... i think i definitely come off as a quiet one . polite and considerate , but not necessarily warm-and-fuzzy . i try to be friendly , but takes me a while to really warm up to somebody . i'm not exactly an ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0oGrwGCRImY i've got a couple good friends who have been dead-set on going as the tenth doctor and donna from doctor who for months ... as the resident blondie , i've been recruited as rose . :) pretty easy ... oh , i love this ! :D my roommate first year of college was a huge fan of electronica , and got me hooked as well . lately , been getting into electroswing ...  ... i am keeping a suspicious eye on the spider that appeared on my ceiling . i can't stand spiders , but am almost too scared to try to squish it . it might start scampering towards me , or fall down on my ... freespirit - yep . :) megavideo - i'm watching it it's sad that they won't have more sherlock out until 2012 , but i think the hobbit will make up for that . martin freeman bilbo and benedict ... writing a speech for public speaking class , probably my least favorite class ever . and also procrastinating a bit , despite the fact that it's nearly four in the morning . ( i will be regretting this ... i'd definitely consider myself an introvert , but i'm not sure how strong of one i am . i need some alone time or i start to come loose at the seams and leak all sorts of grumpy ... my friends are an ... favorites : sciences , engineering , english / lit subjects involving stories and fiction , creative writing , music , dance , japanese , applied math . least favorites : history , public speaking , ... i haven't gone through the whole thread yet , so my apologies if these have already been posted . http://icanhascheezburger.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/8fa3653c-84b4-4863-a6f0-1f1ac8e7194a.gif ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LoGFQ0AcXmc i cry pretty easily , to be honest . ever since i can remember , i've always been extremely sensitive , with strong emotions hooked straight up to the eye-faucets . since i'm also very emotional , that ... i like my voice sometimes more than others . i've gotten used to how it sounds inside my head , so that's okay . hearing it played back from a recording is really strange ... i sound more like my mom , ... oh my goodness . i hate it when this happens . i either get really disoriented or really grumpy when i'm pushed too far , neither of which is pleasant . communication skills go down the drain . lack of ... http://sikhchic.com/columnists/cms/articles/photo1/arjan-moth.gif show me the most wonderful-smelling thing you can think of . :D i'm terrible at memorization , so i think i can relate a bit . i wish there was some sort of universal fix for remembering things , but if there is , i don't know about it ... here's what i do: 1 . ) if ... you know what ? today is a good day ! i just got the job i've been after for months ! :D i'm so happy , but also a little overwhelmed at the prospect of being the only undergrad in the lab , and having to ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pwa6754O8SE ... http://i53.tinypic.com/a13h4p.jpg just went out with some friends to see drive . hadn't seen any previews , but knew the synopsis and that it was getting some pretty good reviews from critical sources . considering that it's about a ... i can finally post links now ! :D but apparently i can't edit my last post on this thread , so here i am again . the unaired sherlock pilot can be found here a la megavideo . :) today was the first day of classes for fall term , so naturally i dreamed about classes last night . it was confusing and stressful . my schedule got messed up and somebody accidentally changed my major ... just made banana bread ! :D ate some while it was hot , and burnt my tongue a little . worth it ? oh yes . i'm not a terrible driver per se , but definitely not the best either . driving has never really come naturally . i failed my first license test . my j-type , excellent driver of a dad had me going on ... the whole artistic and quiet thing pretty much sums up my mousy little isfp high-school self . :) i was always sitting in the back of class doodling on my notes . had a few good friends , didn't make ... well , i guess that is true for me to some extent . i'm not a people-reading wizard or anything , but keeping an open channel for peoples ' emotion seems to pretty much be my default setting . this whole ... last term of playing catch-up after switching majors . after this , i should be back on track and hopefully set to finish undergrad by the end of 4th year . :) intro to thermal / fluid science ... just finished the time traveler's wife . very enjoyable , got me a little sniffly at points , but not really my genre of choice . now , onto the girl with the dragon tattoo ! :) i think this is true for me . pretty sure that my mom is and isfj , and my dad is an intj . while my dad's significantly more j-ish than my mom , both of my parents are much more organized than i am . ... oh my goodness , i love this thread ! i can relate so much to the majority of posts . it's so nice seeing these thoughts being shared by so many other people . :) it's a nice sense of belonging , even if ... oh , i love sherlock ! watched all three episodes in one evening . i'm really looking forward to the new series . :) but the fourth episode , i'm not sure . as far as i've heard , it wasn't another story as ... right now , i'm reading the time traveler's wife by audrey niffenegger . it was a recommendation from a friend , and i'm actually finding it pretty interesting . :) i dislike reading more than one ... when your dishes live in your sink until you run out of silverware ... then again , you still have chopsticks . dishes tomorrow ! when your computer's desktop is almost full of programs , file folders , ... welcome , fellow oregonian-newbie ! :) thank you guys ! : kitteh : hahaha , nice . :) i think it's good that there's some mismatch . it's nice walking into a field of study and finding a variety of thinking styles . hello ! while i'm technically new as far as accounts go , i've been lurking around this site for a while now ! so much interesting stuff , figured i ought to finally get into it . and here i am , ... '