' her songs sound like the kind of things my infj might want to say when under some pressure , like if she were to vent about relationships trying to explain it to me through her journal but never to me ... okay simple question . what is romantic to a pretty independent 25 year old infj female who works alot and goes to college ? she is super private and introverted . she is always super busy and ... i like mature infj idealism , it's not loud and obnoxious . its personal and all theirs . you actually have to ask to hear about it unless they see you being a jerk . [ quote = sand_at_your_feet ; 1773737 ] a lot of valid points . i've always been one to try to understand people , but i'm not always sure that he has . i'm not sure what his type is , and couldn't even begin ... omg ... i'm not infj ... estp here , but had to chime it to an old post here . i love the above exchange . dear god its true lol , my infj has had some creeps looking to have her and i like to toe the ... okay upon reading all of that other long ass post about you and him + this one , i have a couple of things to add though i'm not sure how much of this you will want to hear . while estp / infj ... lol it made me seem like a dark brooding deep poet ... chicks thought i wad complex and cute but sexy . of all the chicks that tried to fix my hurt my infj and her tough live were the only ones to ... i say try it . my relationship with my infj is only about 2 years long too . not sure what adive i can give aside from don't nag him . my infj doesn't nag me , only person who understands how mugch that ... in my shadow i let things get too personal . i get distant and sensitive and angry . i burn bridges and get lost in thoughts about the future and how it will suck . i over indulge in food and get stuck ... infjs make amazing gfs in my experience , i've come across some misconceptions about infjs . : 1 . they don't actually cry at the drop of a hat . they are sensitive not crazy ... well not that kind of ... i used to tune into her show . but i'm a lesbian so i never called in . everyone in this world has an opinion . it our job to take the good stuff out of all the shit . i was a child raised in an abusive ... i'm an estp i suppose , and i'm going with an infj now for a bit . she thinks i'm sensitive ... and cute . : rolleyes : idk where she gets this stuff , apparently she digs my tomboy-ish ways and ... my app won't seem to let me thank a post , no computer ... so thanks , good post . : cool : dear tiff , we love each other okay , so let's stop pretending that's not the case . i'm not running or going anywhere with out you , so quit being distant and cranky . i know this distance is to protect ... being direct is good , tell him you don't see him that way . don't give excuses , my infj gf didn't think it would work because of a handful of lame excuses that made her just seem scared . i made it ... that sounds about right , i can make things happen , take the lead if needed ... but i don't like to step on them that don't have it coming and i'd rather not be in a position of power . them that lead ... oh how i love the chase :) well put well , actually my gf is an infj and we make a pretty fucking awesome team . sure i've picked up a few good tips from observing her , but i've never wanted to be her type so much as i've liked to be ... i get esfp from her , she seems like my older sis . my sis is tough and rebellious and a 4 . took a test but i think it was wrong . i was also really really unhealthy when i took it . : shrug : never gotten around to retaking it or changing it . bwahahahaha thats the funniest post ever . ok now my two cents on this : estps do what they think they need to do to get the results they think are best . every situation will call for different ... i think most of us just want a mate that matches us .. other wise we do get bored ... its not that we stop caring , its just that with out alittle excitement here and there we get so tired of the ... i don't think i ever grew out of the phase as a teen where you sleep a whole lot when you can . if i have stuff going on i'll stay up for upto 2 and a half days at most if i have to . if i dont have ... i dont want to ever have meaningless sex , and when i get bored in a relationship i do my best to fix that before breaking up .. i never cheat . i see where i could cheat , but the point is my ... different , i talk about stuff in real life but not in the same way . irl it depends on who i'm hanging with , but someone once told me that when they met me they thought i was gonna be mean and kinda ... i'm flip flopping here ... between a very public death where i could get a message across , or by myself on a race track in a fast car while heavily intoxicated and having the time of my life just ... i love introverts , i like being the only extrovert in a group of introverts . maybe i like the attention , most introverts are excellent listeners and are pretty dang chill . what i like about ... you can strike up a conversation with just about anyone , anytime . i watched d . e . b . s . last week i think or maybe the week before . basically a romantic chick flick that is a spoof of spy / secret agent type films . its alot of fluff and silly jokes but fun all the ... then yeah no real point in selling atm , but if it ever get pretty long and you want to consider selling it its actually a pretty fun experience lol . hell i filmed it and all my friends signed my head ... i am afraid of something as stupid as heights , it stops me from going on the the tower of terror or other rides where you fall ... i've been on those rides to try it out , i didnt enjoy it . i much ... well sometimes i do think about my emotions , sometimes i dont think about them and i just ... feel them . but only when i'm with my infj and she kinda brings me to that point . mostly though she helps ... nope , i can only really speak for myself though . i'm tomboy-ish and i dont care to attract that sort of attention with out me actually seeking that kind of attention . my infj gf shows some light ... so true , i may not be angry at you forever or hold a grudge , it may even seem like i'm exactly the same as i was before . however you can bet i'll keep it in mind so the next time you are gonna do the ... if all else fails , read the directions ... thats a very true quote for me , it is for many estps . i only came here at first because i was interested in an infj ... i had done everything i could think ... well to me its like when i play video games like mass effect or fall out ... or anything that has a gradually progressing story . i get to develop this character and on the fly make up its lines and ... while i game anything from video games to table top rpgs such as d & d , i also enjoy playing pool at this coffee house down town . they have good drinks and there are always alot of girls around . we ... i'm curious if anyone else on here likes d & d as in dungeons and dragons or any other table top rpgs such as modern or starwars . if so share some of your best gaming experiences . one of my best ... not sure people tend to sell over a foot so its hard to tell ... maybe $ 100 ? it also depends on the health of your hair and the color . so like i have brown hair but when i sold it i talked about the ... well you can't really tell in the picture but my hair was about 2 feel long and really really thick , also i don't really color it or do anything like that to it ... just wash and brush or comb it . i ... http://i158.photobucket.com/albums/t120/J_DelMar1987/Mobile%20Uploads/me-1.jpg thats me with my hair long ... about 6 months before i cut it all off . ... when you get a taste of racing a really fast car and drifting on a track while listing to some good music ... and now you're hooked . i agree i think being with my infj has kinda been like miracle grow for my soul . i don't know that many people are ready for this kind of experience in their lives , but when you are its a pretty ... what if you're not sure whats causing this , or you cant realy take away what is causing this mess . ? hey welcome , this place is pretty cool and rich with info on all types . kick your shoes off and make yourself at home ;) :) gee moby sometimes i think some folk just like to stuff the meaning of love into a little box and say inside this box is how you love , if you do not love this way , then you cannot love . i get a ... while i agree being nude is fun , i like my comfy jeans and a fun t . i save the nude for when i am alone or with someone umm .. special * cough * lol . anyway , i know i've never worn anything that ... well i have dyslexia and i'm an estp , but that doesn't really prove anything . still i think it is interesting how learning disabilities work . for example when i took an i . q . test that was timed i ... hey ! sorry to be off subject i just noticed your signature . cn ay ? lol i have to ask is this d & d related ? please say yes ! and yeah my dad is always trying to get me to be lady like , but he isnt ... so true i would hide in stores too :p roud : they all thought i was lost , i kind of was but not really . i could always find my way around places by talking to people and what not . i loved exploring . '