' don't american colleges take marks into consideration when students apply ? ! : shocked : in australia there's a minimum score for each university course ( varies from uni to uni and state to state ) . i ... i'm not violent but when pushed by others to use force i don't shy away . that's not macho bragging , i'm a security guard / nightclub bouncer so it is sometimes necessary . gender : undetermined age : 21-31 intelligence : superior openness : early-adopter mbti personality profile : enfj closest alternative we found : enfp istp scores enfj ; am i mistyped ? : unsure : ... just had to see this thread ... my interest was aroused . geddit ? ! cos my interest was aroused , which meant i had a growing interest , and aroused is also a cock thing . : happy : carry on . 1 ) stand upwind from females during mating season . 2 ) ? ? ? 3 ) profit . from the entps i've met : at their best they're witty , original and are great at getting other interested in something . at their worst they have a habit of prising answers out of people and then ... * australia * resistance * don't need no permits to mess with kermits . welcome ! that really was one hell of an introduction . : laughing : not really . i'd prefer to have a system where troubleshooting isn't needed , or when it is , the solution can be done immediately by anyone . 1 ) would you read philosophy to understand yourself or the world better ? no . 2 ) do you find science interesting and what particular fields of science ? i don't have much interest in it . 3 ) do you ... qft imho an estp and an enfj , both unethical , could make more money than other pairing . that's just dominant ti . : laughing : you might be developing other functions , which is a good thing ! the mbti is a tool , after all . an istp cult would be a contradiction in terms . though an istp might run an already established cult for a day or two , just for laughs . yeah i don't care about arguments unless i think winning will have some tangible benefit . otherwise i just smile and nod my head . ... someone on the street asks you where to get weed because you look like you've been having some , man . paradise circus : enfp https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xvaEJzoaYZk&list=RDx0q8Oho_RjM&index=24 https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/6a/b9/66/6ab9669c67c31ff17c62f6126be8df93.jpg dafuq you looking at ? you'll have to make your peace with that . few jobs are enjoyable or fulfilling but they need to be done . you need a certain amount of income to be comfortable ; not a heap but enough so you're not living payslip to payslip . even if it's not great , so long as it's not violating your basic principles , it's ... i thought the poll was asking which type we got along with the least , so i answered with entp . i prefer feeling types , though i can't give an answer more specific than that . i don't see how revenge is a practical idea , it can create a nasty cycle . all else being equal it would be a good idea to let something go . i wish for an unusual ( but very useful ) set of skills , and the have those skills recognised . for example , the skills necessary to research cures for various diseases . i got esfp . isn't that how we were supposed to do it ? just type the first sixteen words that come to mind ? that's what i went with . i tried doing it a second time but since a ) my answers ... and it's one of those things where the shit storm builds up : group a is outraged , group b reckons it's fine and gets angry with group a , group a members think group b members are heartless , group c ... i've read through the 41 posts in this thread and as far as i can tell i don't relate to any of them . i'm not one for emotional drama . so long as people are happy and content without the use of a ) ... or ... we can just roll with the punches . i can't think of what to write here , except that i read your link and i'm not depressed . nor are we meant to kill ourselves . you don't seem to fussed about death either way , but what if you were told tomorrow you had five years to live ? i believe it would change your perspective . all ... i don't know why the op is alarmed . take this test with a pinch of salt as most people will have at least a few of the twenty traits listed . it is scary to think of what is possible when we're not with it , but the fact that your old man is worried is a plus as it means he's willing to try and change his behaviour . as said above , easier ... saturday the 15th is fine for me , but i'll be there only for the pub stuff in north adelaide as my savings account is ... dieting . okay you got me . : tongue : 54195 i highlighted the ones that stood out the most for me . i like this list a lot , though i'm fine with touchy-feely stuff so long as it's not a guy doing it . i think i would die if someone sang happy ... i couldn't be bothered watching the video . sorry mate . : ninja : as others have said , ti is horrible for socialising . at an event where i know no one , i end up fiddling around on my phone and having ... i don't really change my behaviour when i get drunk . i've done it enough times . i just hear rustling noises . eucalypts have really flexible branches so i hear all branch movements ( from the wind or otherwise ) as they scrape across the roof ( and my place has a corrugated iron ... as i'm australian , your decision to fuck australia and to fuck koalas really annoyed me at first but then my ti kicked in ( istp , it still counts ) and i was like meh , fuck that ... love it . we've got the sp desire to do and the nt desire to know u200b ( after all , intps are our ti dominant brothers and sisters ) . and damn we look good in sunglasses . : cool : not joking . and now i see that you've got a pokemon avatar . if i could take back what i wrote ... i wouldn't . : laughing : : tongue : wikipeda and its blue links . i can't help myself , and going to bed at midnight becomes seriously i'll be fine even if i get only a couple of hours of sleep . raichu [ / color ] i certainly ... thankxxyou wet brain is chronic and seriously impares brain function . what you're describing seems to me to just be you being drunk and hungover at the same time , and having that temporarily mess ... i'm guessing you had some before and while posting this . i used to get wasted once a week , going from the evening until some time the next morning , but i don't do that much now . i used to wake up ... when i ( finally ) realise that someone has changed , and not for the better . the few times it has happened , it really has hit me suddenly . after that , spending any time with them is painful . left , usually . browsing on the internet ... nek minnit ... robot attack ! : shocked : welcome . : happy : i don't think i'm spiteful . if i get angry enough with someone to do something nasty i get over it pretty quickly , i still won't like the person for what they did but i'll just quietly sit on it and ... i have plans but i'm willing to deviate if necessary . i think i've got a good balance . having plans helps avoid that whole situation . maybe you should also post this in a part of perc that gets more traffic ? you'd get a lot more answers , as i don't think this is a concern that only istps have . if you don't really care for ... if i fail i just try again , though i i'll probably have a look at what went wrong so my subsequent tries have a better of chance of succeeding . giving up sucks because if you give up , you don't get ... '