' the world is ruled by stupids because the smart ones are full of doubt ... :-) you just seem lonely . i am with you there . and i think you need to accept yourself ... and the fact that you are a ... well ... it is difficult to find people to connect to if you are into stuff like self-reckoning and introspection at that age . or if you are very smart or just plain different from the norm . you ... nidbild nailed it perfectly as i understand it : end of thread :-) http://personalitycafe.com/images/styles/PersonalityCafe/misc/quote_icon.png originally posted by nidbild ... i believe it is actually the opposite , practice and experience aside : the introverts don't have their tendrils and feelers out to prod the room , and then are not as overloaded as the outroverts . i ... well , being one of the self employed , i am also not that interested in money as motivation . my entj brother , though , is sort of efficient in this way : he gets the degrees , and gets into a line of ... entp : catalysts for the people and innovations around them .. but not necessarily reaping the benefits . many persons are always kept poor , because they are too visionary . every project looks to them like certain successes , and therefore they keep changing from one business to another , always in hot ... derailed ... i think it all boils down to the initial statements in this thread as to what you mean by creativity . i think we all can agree to that creativity ( as in thinking innovative new thoughts ... just came across this in a swedish mbti ( short version ) test ... interesting outcome type-wise :-) at the top you find the - according to literature - most rare types , intj and infj ( and enfj ) . extp ... entj : all work and no play entp : the road not taken in essence . this post deserves to be a sticky ... it explains it so well . i do think the entjs should be wise enough to hire or promote for instance visionary entps to higher ranks . i think this would really improve business ... but it would disrupt structure and power , ... the interesting thing is that entps are the far worst paid of the nts , and also among lowest paid of all types . i think is true ... many jump around with entrepreneurial ideas but lack real motivation ... i am over 40 , and still worry the family with three consecutive nights sleeping 1-3 hours because of gaming , flow or the occasional small kid-syndrome . i basically stay up until i fall asleep , at ... nidbild : bravo . i only check in here a couple of times per year , but this ... gav mig något . du har fattat . och jag med i högre grad på grund av exempelvis din post . hoppas du hade en bra jul - ... entj , estj and esfjs etc are drawn towards management . who at this time of age - and historically - are grossly overpaid compared to average joe ... that skews things thus . tack tack .. men det blir mer sällan nu ... :-) my really strong empathy and idealism . i might be an enfp ... probably not though . but i wouldn't have a problem with that . when you look needy it is impossible to get close to anyone . even showing weakness always drives people away for me ... i just accepted it as fact . as a guy i shouldn't display it and expect to be ... perhaps i am once more mistaken for someone else ? many seem to think doing a very nice looking knitting creative , or painting a realistic painting . that would be sj specialist turf . if you instead are considering groundbreaking new stuff , or ... entp 3/10 : had one or two intellectually apt friends , but they were cowardly and longed to belong to the partygoers ... and so they lacked loyalty . ( sorry for caps lock ) . i was also late into puberty , ... i think you read it wrong and thus reach the wrong conclusions ... i think he compares to autonomic systems like breathing just to make an example of autonomics . personally i think ... automatic processes are unconscious ... yes , that is correct . not too new though ... have i missed some detail ? i also think that the intuition is multi-processing , model building to predict outcomes ... only a few personality types dominate the screens ... entp is one of the types that just don't come out clearly or favorably in simplified roles and thus are rare . most roles are doers , romantics , ... not too shabby ... i have been called a mature entp here on this forum.irl i am a martial arts instructor for all ages so i can hang out with everyone when it comes to age ... i believe any person of ... wasn't it nardi that said that xntjs only use the same small portion of the brain in an efficient loop for all decisions ? they seek efficiency in outside world too and nardis data seem to indicate ... tobe a good sales rep you got to dig the stuff . and being an apple user since 1992 , i really see how you can have problem seeming enthused by the ms offerings ... my god ... i do . good luck with ... i thought intj cold robotness was a stereotypical myth ... then i read this ... :-) bullying is a bonding process where some people use undesireds / victims to bond the rest of the group together ... ok , then , speculation time : j and p sort of , to me , represents different strategies of coping with reality . as researchers trying to create ai have learned , it is impossible ( extremely resource ... you have read or seen nardis work ? mapping brain patterns to mbti personality types ? google it ... i am not as prolific here as i was a few years ago , but boy were there infected threads about fe vs fi . just do a search in the forum ... you learned a lot about the issues at hand the the extreme ... if the majority of people were ns , the s would have a really tough time socially at school . stereotypically speaking . now it is just the other way around ... we are both home blind , s ´ as well as n ´ s . have difficulty imagining the walk in other sides shoes ... it is no more strange than being a sport-hating minority in a sports-college . or being the ... i believe that is called te . very typical . ... and i guess you know exactly where the line between useful generalization and typist goes ? i believe in more greys than black and white , even though the latter can be very useful in discussions ... mbti is stereotyping . useful at its best ... if you think so . perhaps it is more about a fascination with the theorizing itself than the actual theory at hand ? to see things as they would be if the theory was true ; where will it take us ? to be able to see many ... entp forum were ripe with threads about awkward childhoods a couple of years ago ... mine were difficult too . so , not just for inxx . sooner or later you just have to embrace that you are different , ... perhaps try to step back to get more overview / big picture ... i think that you will find that you are good at what you do . for me , it was people around me that could not understand me and what i could ... interesting thinking ... i like it that you challenge views and think differently . i do not agree with every idea you put forth ... but i would suggest you are at least as correct as the common ... i was very black-and-white about this matter when in early 20s ... then suddenly i was very near to have cheated after a wet night out and a severe relationship crisis . from this i learned two things : ... people have a tendency to type idols as their own type . but i must say that the introversion thing in the quote , together with the fact that she doesn't connect with many people and have had ... banksy = ne interesting to see suggestions and your background . the entjs i know are not very entrepreneurial nor innovative . they are good at organizing and making things run efficiently ( and play the social ... team up with an istj ... perhaps ? i think they seem less scientific , if you can call mbti that . more horoscope-like , and with interesting , educating and well done psychological analyzes of certain motifs and behaviors , but at the ... brought up by sjs , i just wondered what was wrong with me . you look good . and one day you will understand it . just dont let these sweet days slip you by ... perhaps you will never look better . and for guys , self confidence makes you look better . that is the ... not that i actually care , but he is stated to be entp on some site , if i am not mistaken . if that is correct or not is something else . from what i know of entjs - and i know a few of high rank in ... '