' i think the main thing that causes me to be unmotivated is that i'm always afraid that the work will end up being for naught , which is inefficient . there is nothing that i hate more than ... this is a pretty minor point , but it still bugs me . this forum's definition of generation y extends to 1994 , but a member of this forum can be born as late as 1999 . would it be possible to extend the ... i was around a year old , i was getting pretty worked up , so my dad took me out to the porch to calm me down . while he was holding i grabbed at his hair around his bald spot because i thought that i ... 2 with a dash of 5 . not to be nitpicky or anything , but being an introverted thinker probably doen't mean what you think it does . introverted thinking is a cgnitive function , not being both an introvert and a thinker ... the second best website on the internet , next to perc . i'd say other intps are , of course , most likely to understand you , followed by entps , because they have our cognitive functions , just in a slightly different order . istps may be able to understand ... not that this has really much to do with anything , but scrubs has been found to be the most accurate hospital show on television , because it fairly accurately depicts the normal stuff doctors go ... past : prevent various disasters , solve mysteries . future : find the winning lottery numbers for tomorrow , meet my future self for advice and just to generally see how i turn out , see how the world ... i considered making a post complaining about how lazy i am , but i decided to play fallout instead . i'm that lazy . link doesn't really have that much of personality , as expected of silent protagonists , but i'd say the one he comes closest to is istp . zelda seems to be an infj , the reasons for which i can't ... i'm a consequentalist , but i syill think that dropping the heavy object of a building would be morally objectionalble , because there is a chance it could have killed someone , and at the time , you ... i have used logic pretty much all my life , but i haven't discovered formal logic until a few months ago . so when i was 13/14 , can't remember exactly when . i really doubt that anybody who is mentally healthy would empathize with kim jong un , regardless of type . caffeine is the only recreational drug for me . :p roud : thank you for teaching us that all female celebrities are entp . what would we do without you , sparky ? i've been thinking about this for a while now , and i think these generally match up : choleric-ej melancholic-ij sanguine-ep phlegmatic-ip i am interested in music , psychology , sociology , history , geography , english , and philosophy . i'm talented in math and science but i don't find either very interesting . the morning after noted child prodigy colin singleton graduated from high school and got dumped for the nineteenth time by a girl named katherine , he took a bath . i am actually okay with the color scheme , but the avatars being at the side of the thread will make it difficult to scan thread titles . while i know the zodiac is bullshit , i am aquraius , and that fits my myers-briggs type . i play the alto saxohone and piano . one time , during a philosophy class , one question was can people only be completely the same or completely different ? . i thought that this was such a stupid question that i said that yes , of ... mother - entj father - intj brother - aspie , so pretty hard to type sister-infp i'm fine with it , as long as it isn't near family or if it makes you feel like you're in their bedroom . i know two other confirmed intps . they're both my age , and we're pretty close friends . john . it apparently means god is gracious , but it doen't really mean anything because it is the most generic name ever . this sounds a little like death note . being given an omnipotent power to punish those you believe to be hindering society ... my friends that my voice is calming , and that i speak in a monotone . i wouldn't have noticed this if it weren't for them . obviously , they are fine with it . in fact , no one i know seems to really care . i live in pennsylvania , very close to the border with delaware , so humid subtropical . i go to middle school , wear mlp shirts , and nobody gives me shit about it . yeah , i'll play ! anyone pm if they want a super cool nerdfighter avatar for a day . there are tons of cities located on oceans or seas . you're probably more likely to find one not located on water than one that is . my first memory is from when i was 2 . my babysitter was picking up my older sister from preschool . before my sister came to the car , i had my diaper changed , and i remember the cold sensation of ... [ url = http://www.cracked.com/blog/5-things-they-never-told-us/5 things they never told us / [ / url ] # 1 is this post . 0-1- baby , had little personality 2-5- i was a toddler . i hated my older brother , and obeyed what my older sister did with a burning passion . i was generally pretty outgoing , and got excited about ... it's like every other post i see from you is a john green quote , and it's awesome . actually there is evidence for cognitive functions . dario nardi studied the functions in relation to neuroscience and found plenty of evidence . in fact he even wrote a book on it , titled neuroscience ... cranberryplains , because i love the beatles and wanted to do something based off one of their songs . so i picked cranberryplains , which is parallel to stawberry fields forever . i would be four , so i don't think anything that i say would really matter . i usually fall asleep in 15-30 minutes . i just think about whatever i feel like thinking about and pretty soon i just doze off . i take it as a compliment . you need to read it . it is one of my favorite books of all time . get off your computer , go to your local bookstore / library / ebook and get it . you will be thankful . and also , the second quote of ... today , i was on facebook and saw someone post a status that was logically flawed in so many ways , that it practically made my head explode . but , the person who has posted this status has lost his ... only very occasionally . most of the time i think that the english language is complex enough to allow us to communicate emotions without having to outright show them . i don't always use emoticons , ... alto saxophone and piano . learned recorder in elementary school , it was really easy . 7 scientific reasons a zombie apocalypse would fail i've heard at some indian call centers , they use the 10 = 35 rule . basically , the intelligence of a 35 year old american is equal to that of a 10 year old indian . so whenever you call customer service ... i'd recommend anything by john green . especially looking for alaska , paper towns , and the fault in our stars . they start to get pretty philosophical near the end . i've actually heard somewhere that istjs are the most left-brained and enfps are the most right-brained . '