' a healer , huh ? to be honest , i've always tried to fight that archetype ... i'd rather not be a healer , but some sort of avenger of justice . not someone who sits there healing those who fight , but ... so ... my boyfriend has recently been into listening to alex jones etc , and he wants me to listen to it too . i absolutely do not want to listen to it . the program is upsetting , it's basically just ... i had this happen to me before when i was younger ... you just have to be honest with the guy . i know you don't want to hurt his feelings , but they will be less hurt in the long run if you just tell ... yes , i definitely do that sometimes . haven't in a while , but it feels awful to write something important and then just not be able to actually say it to anybody . this is a load of crap , astrologers have known about zodiacal procession for ages , but the fact of the matter is it doesn't change how astrology works . astrology is based on geometry , sections of the ... i don't know how to be confident . i've read guides and i still don't get it . how can i be confident ? i'm really good at stuff . i'm better looking than most , and statistically i'm supposed to be in ... infps are not all religious , and neither are enfjs . infps do have strong personal value systems , but religion may not be a part of it . when i was a child , i was very religious , more so than any ... i don't fall for people easily at all . i honestly don't understand why others do , especially other infps who are supposed to be so similar to me . i have very high standards , that certainly don't stop ... i read quite a bit of megatokyo when i was bored in high school . i remember there were some parts that were more serious than others , but overall , i couldn't really find much serious emotional value ... but what about when people refer to you in their own posts ? you're kind of screwed then . _ . ; and dementia , i agree with you 100 % . i don't understand why there isn't an edit or delete function ... point out psychological functions . infps and enfps use all the same functions , but each type tends to put a greater emphasis on one or the other . the key words here are tends to . some people fit ... so , um , i was previously unaware that each topic here is indexed by google ... i knew profiles were , but you can mark those as private if you want ... anyhow , i'd like to get rid of a couple of ... thanks . i really hope so . : bored : wow . this is the only post so far that has actually really , really offended me . so okay . you gotta realize something here . kids aren't for everyone . some people may want to be parents , and have ... okay , so this isn't really directed at the person i am quoting , or anyone in particular , in fact i appreciate your post and agree with most of it , but a point was brought up that has bugged me about ... really ? i'd love to feel that way about it but i can't seem to get myself to the point where i feel it is completely right . most girls shave , at least brush their hair ( and if they don't , ... yeah , this is why i usually just avoid trolls . . _ . ; fighting them doesn't work because serious attacks are ineffective against people who think anything at all is hilarious and fun . your opinions ... i think i just wanted to meet some people who understand me . but i've been here for a while now and i can't really say i know anyone here personally , or the other way around . i guess i've stayed ... i dunno . i'd probably think a lot more seriously about getting a tattoo if i wasn't terrified of needles : confused : i guess after that then i'd really have to consider if there were anything i ... not particularly . i wish i could overcome all the identity challenges of being a type 4 , though . how the heck is anyone supposed to know what their true self is ? and if i ever found it out , what if i ... women who put too much effort into their appearances can appear fake and controlling , or overly controlled . men might also view them as an object , a trophy to fight over , but a bit frightening to ... i could not agree more . you've summed it up completely . thank you . if someone criticizes what i want out of life i will tell them this : happy : i can totally understand . i can't stand having other people nitpick and correct my work to their perspective ... it's a control thing and it definitely takes the fun out of making art for me . that's ... i think this is the only cult i would ever want to join . seriously , even just having an infp meetup group to go to once a month would be like a dream come true :p roud : i find i'm actually happiest when i'm working on a million projects at once , even if they don't all get done . even if i start a comic and only get basic planning and one finished page out of it , i ... i have ambition for my creative work , but i tend to approach it in a very perceiving way ... trying to apply structure to it is fun in planning ( yay te party ! ) , but feels really awkward when i try to ... i'm actually really cautious with that kind of thing . i might fall in love with a story or something somewhat quickly if it's really good , but actual people , no way . i'm not sure how you're ... this is an interesting idea ! i don't think i'm qualified enough to participate , though , i don't really know anyone particularly well ... guess i'm not that good at making friends . : unsure : if ... ugh , man , it hurts to see these kinds of posts because i know you guys are just lying to yourselves ... god never loved me . god gave me abusive and mentally unstable parents , put me through ... fuck it , i don't have any kind of accurate self-image . i don't know how others see me and it pisses me off . i always feel like i look like i don't belong anywhere . organized religion certainly didn't work for me . i can't stand being told what to believe , especially when it is completely flawed and actually immoral on some level . i was raised christian but i ... i tested as a mildly extroverted enfp when i was younger , but i'm a quite introverted infp with tertiary te now , as fi eventually took over my brain . that's what makes the most sense to me , anyhow . i have a cellphone , but i don't use it . when i did , i had just about the cheapest plan ever , and i only really used it to talk to my boyfriend . i'd like an iphone if they weren't so expensive , but ... thank you . i know i already sort of replied on your profile page but i feel like i should do it here too . your last line really sums up a lot of my feelings about this . i don't want to narrow my ... this is exactly how i feel . if i somehow ended up having a kid , i know my life would end up revolving around them , and i don't want that nor would i have the energy to expend on the things i want to ... well , i'm really glad that works for you . the world does definitely need more good parents , after all . : happy : i see too many people wanting kids for selfish reasons without considering the children ... i wish guys didn't like makeup ! but unfortunately i don't think that's really the case . i know guys generally don't like too much makeup , but most of them would prefer at least some , i think . ... personally , the whole idea of settling down and having kids makes me recoil in terror . i want to actually do something in my life - see the world and not be tied down permanently to one place , spend ... this sort of thing really bothers me too . i'm sick of being told i have to do a bunch of superficial shit to myself to make myself likable . i might be naturally good-looking but that isn't even ... i've got something between the psychic hand and philosophic hand . my knuckles and wrists are really bony ( rings are really hard to get on and off , and i fear solid bracelets ) , but my hands are still ... i wanted to use a drawing of myself , but i hadn't drawn much lately . so instead i used the most finished thing i'd come up with lately , which happened to be this pen drawing of nobody in particular ... haha , yup , they're the best : laughing : i know it's kinda boring , but actually , i only wear white socks ... i'm not one for having fancy clothes or whatnot , but i buy a very particular brand of comfy socks that only seem to come in white ... i think i like spring and fall about equally . i usually tend to say spring just because winter comes after fall , and i'm fairly sure i have seasonal depression in winter , from all the gray . they're ... i would very much like to be an enfp . i tested as one about ten years ago ( about 60 % e ) , then after a bunch of awful things happened to me as a teenager i tested myself again , and i was a rather ... ack , i'm sorry then . thanks for explaining . too bad you can't drink tea online : laughing : i only feel compelled to jump into debates because i see that a lot of the world has got it all wrong ... i took your survey . it's an interesting topic , one that has always intrigued me , but at the same time made me a bit terrified at what others would do with that sort of technology . used only for good , ... no , but i've been thinking about it a lot lately , actually . i would love to donate my time and effort to a good cause . the main reason i haven't yet is that i'm not sure which organizations are ... i'd have to say art ... because science , philosophy , language & writing , and virtually any other dedicated practice humans have ever done are all technically arts . =P not to mention that the art ... this is a great idea , and i'd write up a post for it , but i know for a fact , just from looking through all of these posts , that nobody has truly similar taste in music as i do . it's just ... kinda ... '