welcome to personalitycafe :p roud : i like your username a am vary good right now thanks a lot ^ ^ i am so tierd today thanks i like your pic . :) that is so cool can't what :) my grat grandma is in the hospitle right now it is vary sad when you feel sick and your mom sade thatt you are fine then the next day you have a cold :P i feel sick all i want to do is to go to the docters then go to bed :P better that i am not nere my mom . =D how in school still i am and it is so boring all you do is work and study for test and i hate tests =D hay what up cerulean i have not heard from you for a long time ? ^ ^ gret i got a test done yesterday and got a a - on it . ^ ^ when you are geting ready fofr a party and you don't won't to do eney thing because you are tierd . hypt up from runing :D when your friend is talking to you and you are not even paying atenchon to them and you don't even know what they are talking about so you just say ok and thats not right or cool that sounds neat ... good i have to get my moms house clean up when i get home because it's my cus b-day but i don't know how old he is but it dacn't mater :D 31310this is the pic i was talking about it took me 2 day when your parients say that you are going to do something cool then they don't do it - - - end - - - good to day is my littal step bros b-day and have a valentine ~ o when you your step mom say your bro want to let you know that his b-day is in 2 days and you don't know which bro that she is talkeing about beause no one tells you . :D happy because valentine's day is coming up yaaa have a valentine's ~ o ;D i dont know why but it is not showing i will have my bro help good just at home i am vary sorry well i drow a panting of montens and a person drowing them than i drow it agean so it looks like the perison is looking at the montens when they are painting it is so cool good ... i think tht summer is the best because you don't have to go to school lol :D all right now just out of the the mom think ^ ^ do you like the mountens i know i do and i never bing to the mountens lol xd that is true but then you get good at it as you post more and more ;D when you are always tierd and you don't know why because you whent to bed at the right time and you got up when you were apost to then hear you fined out that it was monday and you hate mondays but ... i am so tierd because of school and all the rooms i had to go to thwn i have to stay after school to do my home work and when iwas done the teacher took me and the other kids and we whent to the gym ... well you are right now you say that i miet ask her thanks :D how are you guys , like what is on your mind ? :P i think your right cerulean but i not going to have her take a test becuse she would be asking me all kinds of things like can i join now is it ... happy and tired like every day well not every day but you know =D : ninja :: tongue : when you know that you are a littel bit macher then the other people and you trie to be hove fun ubut it is hard to because i know it's not right =) well i have to do every thing some times i wish that i can live with my dad . when your mom is like a kid and you have to take care of your littel sister , your mental brouther and your older bro even your step brouthers so mostly all of your family.and your family dasn't even ... i feel happy :p :p roud : i love snow bunnys and angils i am so bord right now . my mom started to yell at me for puting on make up i mean i bin puting mack up on for 3 weeks and now she yells at me that is not right ya know . i jast hate how moms gits on ... :P thanks d: you're avatar makes me think of this song http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zHFngSodAMk you test the same as your infp older brother . cheadish . it's all good here . i mean just let your kids go they dont need you on there backs all the time ya know i think that people git on here 2 git away from there familys and git to talk to people like them i know that i do . hay my bro fantaseer got me on here so i can git a way from my mom becaues she is crazy : kitteh :