' cool thanks . probably infp , was doubting it before because of testing ni-dom on cognitive functions tests . no , don't respond . keep responding to every other new post , but not mine . mine was just for my entertainment , anyway . :d ry : 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... that nature anthem thing was creepy . sorry . but-i have not songs , but bands ! theme bands ! for most types , pick your flavor - type 4 - evanescence , paramore , flyleaf , imogen heap type 5 - radiohead , ... well , i have no more threads here to keep up with , so here's this one . i just thought of this song , because i was reading a different thread , rather depressing , so , this is a song , more uplifting , ... lol ... i saw this thread and thought that doesn't sound like a good idea ... anyway , i agree with unclebigs . try finding something else to help you concentrate . i know , i'm athiest , i didn't mean like the light i just meant what if they had a dream that they were dying , someone here said their ( grandfather ? ) woke up saying i'm dying ! i'm dying ! or ... can't forget this : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I-oakJEmswg http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lAF8D0ugyVk http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZHoci2Wjs0 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3E_6h2GvdRE i daydream about dissolving into thin air . people forgetting me . better than screwing up what seems to be working for people . i would die , but i am deeply afraid i'll still be conscious even ... i should follow up that , i broke up with josh a week after i wrote in the journal , haven't dated since , don't really want to for now . also , my mother is an entj . putting that out there . i don't ... this is why i don't want to die in my sleep . i would much rather die in a strawberry uprising . have you ever wondered that ? lol ... i don't imagine it would be pleasant . also i wonder , if strawberries became self aware would they rebel against corporate farms and have some type of strawberry ... thanks ... i was confused still am though , because it was there before in my posts and i didn't do anything to it . not the i clicked a bunch of random stuff but i swear i did nothing kind but i ... @ vin the dreamer i gave up on the time machine because i don't exactly trust myself or anyone for that matter , with the time space continuum . why are we all in oxygen boxes ? oh , because this ... it did a week ago . it's still on my profile but not on my posts . i already tried reuploading it . did nothing . advice ? so i was cleaning out my room today and found two diaries-one from when i was 9 ( or ten it didn't say but it was 3rd grade ) , the other from when i was eleven ( i am 14 now ) . they're only about 5 pages ... the unborn . that was scary as hell . how to disappear completely by radiohead . dunno if anyone else said it . it doesn't make me depressed though , i just feel like floating . also this is irrelevant to the soundtrack-of-life thing but ... also , paradise by coldplay & hide and seek by imogen heap . and rolling girl by hatsune miku , but it's in japanese-the best translation is if you search it on youtube , click the one that says ... thanks everyone :) thanks , leonhi . :) i feel less hopelessly crazy , for now anyway . bago-i know what you're saying , but i don't think that everyone should be categorized by age . i'd also prefer to disappear altogether than have a role in society . quite frankly , i just don't trust ... boulevard of broken dreams by greenday , wonderwall by oasis , help im alive by metric , and bella's lullaby-there's no words but the music is really touching and i was depressed for a good year because ... i am pretty sure my brain never shuts off , and i've been thinking a lot lately ( past month ) , i have wondered about the existence of things . about how the rules of things only apply to contexts ... '