' whichever you choose , i highly recommend studying abroad and hope you go . i think a full year would be fantastic ! now , don't make me jealous . :) i was socially awkward growing up and i can understand the frustration , loneliness , and self loathing that it brings . for me , the cliche time heals all things or fixes them at least , worked for me ... wow go you man ! we need more science and math majors in my opinion . :) this is very similar to a relationship from a friend . in fact if both personalities are correct as you say , then it is almost a blue print of the exact positives and negatives of their relationship ... little fish in a big pond for me . :) this is exactly what i was going to say and i think her experience is encouraging too . i wish you the best volcarona ! no one should have to go through that . i agree distancing yourself via finding work and hopefully becoming more financially independent would do you well . the interrelations with the family members ... i'm glad the issue was resolved with your mum . cheers for conflict resolution ! :) i have felt this way on more than one occasion , yes . :) excellent , hope you fall in love with it ! hi the alchemist , i highly recommend job shadowing . i don't think high school and college students do this enough and it can help save you time and money by seeing exactly what certain careers are ... your mother is wise , listen to her . i personally don't like being told what to do or given unsolicited advise on how to manage my schedule . i eventually learned by experience and greater self ... i believe we have a caged will , in that our will is free within the confines of our physical , spiritual , and mental limitations . everything we know about the universe seems to operate on a pattern , ... i think its great that you've taken such a step . working with preschoolers would be so rewarding ! great choice and i'm sure you'll be more satisfied with life in the long run . your thinking leagues ... i don't have any advise to offer specifically because i go to great lengths to get along with just about everybody . i can understand the frustration and being uncomfortable around someone like that , ... i would look into speech therapy / pathology . they make a good income ( i think entry level is $ 55k / yr average last time i checked ) . there are a variety of settings you can work in , including schools , ... not true for me at all , i don't usually discuss politics with others , especially strangers , because most political discussions end up a debate or argument and i'm not into conflict . contrary to your ... i have no good advise to give you but i wanted to stop in and say i feel for you and hope you get some advice , inspiration , comfort from others here and hope to hear your life take a turn for the ... this has to be by snail mail ? emailing is absolutely out of the question , for example ? i'm not sure what can really be done , i would suggest that you go to the locale post office and inquire about ... political ads just might drive me to insanity this time . stop . the . ads . now . please ! reading success stories of millionaires making it without a college degree is great and inspirational , but i'd wager for every successful entrepreneur at least a dozen failures occur . having a degree ... check cost of going there , reputation of its psychology program nationally ( for example is it accredited by some national psychology institution , academic body , or government ? ) , talk to the ... i don't know , but it isn't right . i wonder if something if affecting him and his behavior is a reaction to it . either way it isn't your fault and you don't deserve to be treated as such . sure we care ! hope tomorrow is better . :) hi cuervo 21 , every person has something interesting to offer another person . being interesting , as others have said here , is subjective . but with that subjective component , is opportunity . the ... i think this is a case by case basis and it is really hard to respond to without an example scenario or something . in vague general terms , i would say i would usually accept at least once before ... people become friends with me by usually initiating the contact and early on doing the brunt of the talking , sharing about themselves , and keeping questions about me more on general things that i ... today i'm doing great . i had fun reading and learning from others here on this site , even shared a bit , and got to feel a wide range of emotions from laugh to contemplative , teary sad to warm and ... that must be stressful , hope the storm fizzles out a lot or ends up missing your location . yes humbleness and lack of self esteem can easily be confused at a certain point . there is that line where you don't call attention to yourself or fish for compliments and then there is rejecting any ... forgive my illiterate cyber speak but i think irl means in real life , and if so then your welcome and glad you got a smile for the day ! i wish people smiled more often . a bit off topic , i have a ... i'm very much like this , i dislike being complimented , especially in public settings , because i find myself embarrassed or feel the urge to dismiss their compliment and have to try really hard not ... part of growing up is learning by experience . instead of looking back on it negatively , look at it positively ; you've grown so much in just one year ! this is something that should make you smile and ... true , but i can understand the want for him to tell you , especially if you happen to express love through language . i think there is a definite inner need to have your parents tell you they love you ... it could possibly be a mix . my father who is an isfj likewise isn't one to say i love you or give hugs and the likes , in fact i know the exact number of times my dad has given me a hug since i was ... i'm sorry to hear this and i feel bad for you cristy , i hope your life takes a turn for the better . abuse is a horrible thing and never deserving of anyone . others have given some great support and ... the problem with the internet for me is the inability to reach out and give a hug . i think you write very well apathy , i felt like you drew me into your world and i identified with your feelings with ... i feel bad for anyone in an abusive relationship , but especially bad for anyone with abusive parent ( s ) . whether it was when you were young , older , or throughout your life , being that they created you ... ending any relationship is always very hard for me because i will always take it personally that its my fault it didn't work out , whether i vocalize this or not i will feel it to some degree . i avoid ... good for you ! i used to entertain ideas of becoming a doctor of some kind . good field . i don't discuss politics except with people i know quite well and know how they'll generally react to my statements . and if at anytime there seems to be a conflict of opinion brewing i will end the ... i hope you tell your friend that often . :) have you job shadowed at all ? if not i'd recommend it , even if your sure you want to go into a certain job it'll help keep you motivated while earning the degree knowing the fun that waits ... well that is nice to hear . hope your morning went well , by the way . perks of being a wallflower was the last movie i've watched in theater . i liked it a lot , best movie i've seen recently . i thought it was an interesting film , but sold itself short in the end . i won't spoil it for those who haven't seen it already though . amazing things happen when humanity acts as a whole rather than individually . if i was an extrovert that became energized by social interaction i'd be a social worker on the spot , would love that ... i'm all about surprises so much as they aren't surprise social situations . surprise birthday parties for example would not be a good idea at all . i have to know ahead of time and plan for social ... that's great ! it'd be great to see that on a large scale . :) i think college is absolutely worth it but you have to do your homework before heading into it and have a general idea of what degree your wanting and how best to get it . i think high schools need to ... '