as an intj , i have been very interested in estjs . the reason that we share the same te function in that we both like to get things accomplished . can anyone give me the details in how to make a ... here is a quiz that i just created : orange or gray red or maroon green or aqua blue or yellow i took this quiz and came out orange , red , aqua , and yellow . this means that i'm an esfp .  ... winnie the pooh is another type of isfj . so is cinderella . cinderella is an isfj because her wicked step mother and her evil step sisters are always taking advantage of her kindness and her ... i have always smiled like this and know what it is like . grinning from ear to ear is something that i always do . i was wondering what your favorite school subject was . after all , i'm curious to find out . i can relate to the laziness my personality type . it is due to my adhd . i am in constant need of stimulation . i try to clean house but my boredom gets the better of me . thank you for sharing this information . it told me a lot about the si function and what i do in my life . it was very riveting too . hi guys . i'm an isfj and i have an anxiety disorder called agoraphobia . i've had this problem since i was 23 years old . because my main function is introverted sensation , i have stayed at home all ... i was wondering if isfps make good friends . i know that they are known for their creativity but what are their hidden potentials ? i mean what would isfps do to keep themselves busy . when you are hard on yourself and no one cares at all about how you are feeling . even though you use a lot of detail words , you are an infp . you may come off as an intp but that is because you use a lot of analysis to deduce your type . even infps can have a skeptical nature . in ... you should do what is best for you . only you can decide if it is right for you . :) hi and welcome to the forum . if you need a friend i will always be here to help . ;) i do not know about a morbid sense of humor but i like fart jokes and toilet humor . here is what i got : 13 words of affirmation 10quality time 6physical touch 3receiving gifts 0acts of service i was always wondering how the si function and fe function affects the way an isfj behaves . i was wondering because i am interested how it works for an isfj . the si side allow the isfj to recollect ... yes and it makes it hard to concentrate as well . every now and then my adhd will turn against me and make me feel that i do not live up to my potential . that is why i take the daytrana patch to help ... hi everyone i retook the mbti and came out intj . i'm very glad to hear this . : kitteh : agreed i have never seen anyone group the “ np ” preferences as an archetype or temperament but in my work with hundreds of people , i see a pattern that looks like np could very well be the “ add ” or even ... i was wondering if there are any enfjs with adhd . i am an enfj suffering from adult adhd and i'm very hyperactive . i use the 10 mg daytrana patch everyday for at least 7 hours for the full benefit ... e : extravert dominant ( ee or ee ) i : introvert recessive ( ee ) r : realism i : idealism ri : nt ( rational ) r : sp ( artisan ) i : nf ( idealist ) o : sj ( guardian ) you're right ! i'm a deep autumn . hi . i was wondering what my season could be . here is my pic : https://fbcdn-sphotos-f-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-xfp1/t1.0-9/10565226_1544675289081637_4802105520361910050_n.jpg i was wondering ... yes as an isfj , i've always had problems concentrating on my work . that's why i wear the daytrana patch . the daytrana patch helps me focus better . hi there , everyone . i'm billy and i'm an isfj with adhd . i was wanting to know if there are any other isfjs with adhd ? any comments would be very helpful . : happy : by reading the thread . even though you have been flexible lately , i can conclude that in fact , that you are an intj . i'm very humble . i like to help others but i'm very sensitive . i'm very self-critical . even though i'm given loads of encouragement , i'm hard on myself . i often need lots of reassurance throughout ... you seem to be an infp to me . well thank you zyn and welcome to the forum . here's a cookie for you . : tongue : welcome to perc infp friend . i hope you meet and make new friends here . thanks for the advise essay . i've always had bipolar . even now i struggle with meds . oh well . i'm an enfp with bipolar disorder . i often struggle with unstable moods . i'm taking meds for it . i was wondering if any other enfps out deal with the same struggles that i do . interpersonal , linguistic , and musical for me . when you make everyone laugh at the same time . hi guys . i'm wondering if any enfps get autism . i'm only curious because i'm an enfp with high functioning autism . any comments would be appreciated . hi i'm billy . i'm new here . i hope to make friends with everyone . : tongue :