' 65651 spring break in portland :) i love radiohead , and the pixies .. mgmt is good too haha , it's from the movie full metal jacket ... but that would only be against male opponents because i'd have no business engaging in one , unless against pretty ladies in which it'd also be bubbles ... i fill my pillow cases with bars of soap to ensure victory . online arguments are useless , especially when you clearly see nothing will be achieved after hours of endless banter ... i'd rather go outside and explore the world . be patient . you probably do have an intense gaze , i certainly do , it's one of my favorite activities to be walking past someone and give my deepest gaze at them , past their exterior into the soul . i've never ... you can find me wandering by myself , possibly inspecting the intricate little details of a buildings brick , or a flower , or just about anything else i find interesting . or at the bar , i'll still be ... anything handmade , whether it be a letter or a picture / card / etc ... material gifts are temporary , at least for me . i keep anything handmade forever , because it shows love and thoughtfulness ... things ... the cigarette , is parliament . is infj not a stereotype in itself ? we put that on our profile and people make immediate assumptions about us , even ourselves . the pen is blue i'd be about the same , the mbti has really just given me a little more solidarity to what i've always believed and practiced in my life . i've always known i was a little strange and accepted who i ... i never notice new haircuts or if someone's losing / gaining weight , etc , unless it's extreme or i haven't seen them in ages . i've unintentionally hurt peoples feelings before because they wanted me to ... in-person conversations will get better the more you see the infj , we're like steam engines ... takes a while to get rolling but once we do it's hard to stop ( for me at least ) . that could be ... .. the hulk i break the law on a daily basis . i speed , jaywalk , smoke pot , pirate music / movies and probably more but none of those are really bad and i don't feel guilty . i would never steal or hurt someone to ... pros and cons of decision 1-1 , 000 .. think about consulting someones advice and do not , more pros and cons , and finally decision . i lost mine at 17 to my high school sweetheart , i was and am a very sexual person . passionate sex isn't just momentary , the best moments become engrained in your memory . we broke up after 4 years and ... dear ladies of the world , not every guy is able to approach and hit on you like the cast of the jerseyshore . some of us are shy and find it very appealing when you come to us first . our quiet ... it's amazing how powerful wind can be . you can learn how to code from a book , but it's much harder to learn how to design . especially these days , it's getting easier and easier for someone to be able to build a website and less and less ... i feel the exact same as you during all of those weather types , crazy ! i dream about winning the lottery all the time , the really large , like 300 million dollar ones ... and then giving it all away to family and people i see as deserving . then i wake up and realize that's ... i think you did pretty well explaining your trip , at least to others who've experienced it before . i've always had a difficult time trying to relay the emotions / thoughts had on psychedelics on paper ... visit michigan in the fall and you'll be in your magical place the entire time ! any heartwarming memory is my magical place ... i think about my 8yr old little sister a lot when i get homesick and just the thought of her smiling makes my day better every time . me like talk like caveman sometimes . me think caveman funny . me like rocks . bittersweet <- coolest nerd you know i have a profile there , mainly to have interesting conversations because i don't really have any intentions of dating anyone now . since i'm rarely on there and don't really search through profiles my ... that's often where i struggle . i always have a whirlwind of ideas , but getting them on paper can be difficult to do sometimes . it depends if i know them or not . if they're friends of mine , i'll occasionally lower myself down to the pack mentality to a point because it's all in good fun . i'm quite used to being around groups ... that wasn't so bad now was it , it's hard to deny that pop occasionally sucks me in with its catchiness .. so i looked through my library thoroughly and can easily say it's rainin men by the weather ... the world is in chaos and so is my mind . the solution to for both is also the same which is try and do a little each day . there's always setbacks and some great leaps forward , but i've realized for ... i do ! i've never figured out exactly what this smell is , it's kind of like some subtle perfume that i remember the scent of from childhood ... now i might smell this once a year , maybe twice , and it's ... there's a lot of stereotyping on this site , all of us in groups and subgroups , discussing ourselves and other groups , tossing everyone a certain title and expectation each person titled the same to ... can i get your advice ? also can i get your number ? ( from girls ) can i give you all of my money ? ( from anyone ) :) 31434 all in there haha that is true , my head is normally in the clouds thinking something outlandish . i guess more of what i meant was creativity when we have to . like having to write a paper or poem and sitting ... we all are naturally creative as children . unfortunately , most of that creative mindset is lost as we grow older and face the cruelties of life . luckily it's not actually lost , just put away ... i can't code currently , maybe someday , but i do know graphic design and theory very well . i highly suggest reading about design theory . things like positive / negative space , legibility , ... if only my clear thoughts were able to be a clear voice , i could have avoided debilitating humiliation and depression growing up . i love my way for what is a man what has he got if not himself then he has not to say the things he truly feels and not the words of one who kneels the record shows i took the blows and ... go for it , i might laugh .. but only for a second , then i'll look for the most embarrassing song in my library and post it . [ quote = ohnoezitsjoez ; 2134653 ] edit : - it had to be you by frank sinatra - witchcraft by frank sinatra - the way you look tonight by frank sinatra - the best is yet to come by frank sinatra ... i didn't realize people were still posting their lists , i thought it was dead , what a fortunate discovery ! i love seeing what you all listen to , though i don't think you can tell much about someone ... when i'm driving through cities of neighborhoods with houses door to door on each side of the street i always scan from house to house and think to my self , there's about a 100 % chance that two ... dad - entj - extremely rational mom - infp - extremely intuitive = infj me what are your 10 most played songs on itunes or other player ? they say you can tell a lot about someone by the music they listen to , which is why i'm curious about your favorite tunes . ... '