' i just came up with a new theory to explain this . it's because there are 3 centers ( body , head , heart ) and each type is composed of two centers . so 3 ^ 2 = 9 . ... you need to replenish your salt if you have lost a lot of salt , e . g . through sweating , vomiting , or diarrhea . i'm not sure whether drinking causes you to lose salt . gatorade contains salt , because ... kind of hard to answer , because it's hard to get inside your head and see exactly what you think of as nervous energy and nervous as in anxiety . having said that , i think there's a continuum of ... suit yourself . i'm not sure anyone but a 6 could flop as much as you do . https://c1.staticflickr.com/1/139/319073031_a5043c89be.jpg i'm sure that ginger is not aware of your owl-hood . it seemed kind of stupid to kill the whole thread over that silly little argument . but this one does feel lighter and more nimble . i would have called it fairy tales 2 , but whatever . live kitten cam . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rbi31aWL8Js it's just a cat fight . http://i.imgur.com/vOcCHjh.gif agree http://i381.photobucket.com/albums/oo252/speederice/tumblr_ljgs3gkQaW1qcay1ao1_500.gif hmm . it doesn't really look like raynaud's anymore . it really reminds me of 6 how you posted this . 6s have a tendency to ruminate on health issues . i don't know , but it reminds me of this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Raynaud%27s_phenomenon maybe that will give you a head start in figuring it out . i don't like anything about ted cruz except that he hates donald trump : ted cruz just humiliated donald trump by refusing to endorse him during his convention speech - vox 6s are able to do a lot of damage ime . yeah . you don't hear dead people complaining , right ? who told you that 6s are harmless ? i'm probably not the best person to ask . do you feel shame ? i didn't really weigh your fear and weigh your shame . you don't seem very ashamed , but i don't expect you to agree . sure . i want to see . from an enneagram standpoint , it doesn't matter how much fear she has . all that matters is which one is most prominent : fear , anger , or shame . i'm curious to see a screenshot of your linux setup . probably because you have a nice life . there's not much to really be afraid of . some of those 2 statements are not specific to 2 , e . g . : may enjoy multitasking , keeping several threads or projects going at once . the number of items with at least one bolded word : 2w1 : + + + 2w3 : + + + 6w5 : + + 6w7 : + + + based on that informal measure , you should be giving the most attention to 6w7 . i'm not sure if we disagree on anything important . i do think pv is a 6 . so if her childhood behavior fits 6 , then that's even better . i have to confess to not reading all that you post on this issue . that being said , i still think of you as a 6 , so i automatically agree whenever you say that you resemble 6 . i couldn't really fit the part about you flaunting your differences into 9 . except that 9s are stubborn . as far as the other parts : she is strong minded and cannot be swayed easily . - - 9s are ... i think this could be a type - 9 soul child . the rest was tl ;D r sorry agreed . again , i hate terrorism and terrorists and i can't wait until this stops dominating the news . : frustrating : those are pretty nice pictures . you might be a 7 after all . : cool : she has a knack for catching the dogs in nice poses and with nice expressions . here's another masterpiece : ... the most defining characteristic of 1 is the anger / wrath imo . i can feel some of that anger coming through in your post . : wink : ^ ^ this made me lol . i was perfectly happy with my type . i was already aware of what my personality was like , so there were no surprises there . i was just happy that the enneagram had a type that ... your cat pictures are very nice , but they are definitely not 7ish . this is a picture that my sister took . it is 7ish : ... i think it actually crossed my mind at one point that you could be a 7 . of course , i took a picture of a cat once , and it didn't make me a 7 . so it's not automatic . i dislike the idea of tritype . speaking of saying anything that comes to mind - - whatever happened to fair phantom ? animal is it really that you like this thread , or is it more that you like the idea of liking this thread ? : kitteh : i'm not sure i have a good explanation in terms of theory . i noticed a while back that my sister ( 7 ) took good pictures of dogs . then i noticed some other 7s with good pictures of their pets . it ... it's not exactly a new idea for a bunch of ( mostly ) women to sit and gossip ... it's like a sewing circle . it sounds frivolous , and it is . but i have found that 7s like to take pictures of their pets . and they take good ones . you could argue that the other threads are deep and this is shallow . but i agree , it's a good thread . i didn't really want to start anything about fat while he's gone ( or at least , can't speak ) . however , i do feel certain that he's a 5 . since we all know him , he's the best illustration of how 5 plays ... 5s are not all warm and cuddly . just ask fat . ( oh wait ... he's banned for offending people xd ) you don't even own a cat . the typical 5 complaint is that other people are boring them and wasting their time , not the other way around . also , 7s have anxiety . i suppose that * your * cat is so photogenic that a ... i'm not sure how best to explain why you aren't a 5 , except that if you were actually a 5 , i don't think so many people would be seeing 9 . 5s are not really easygoing and sweet-natured like 9s ... '