' my two cents : why on god's green earth would you want to be with a girl who would do something like this ? i will chime in here and say , theoretically speaking , i would think we best match up with a type that has some kind of fe instead of fi . fi annoys me after a while & i start wondering whether or ... i disagree . they don't consider reality . only what they feel . that's the tough part . anyone can do this , yes , but some much , much , less than others . i was coming on here just to say this . i am the clingy one . infp's are to infjs what infjs are to ppl we find ... annoying basically . if i fnd someone annoying , i cancel plans and avoid . infps must ... estj's ... smh ... idk , they are tough to handle ... why they are called the guardians i wouldn't even know . maybe i need to meet more of them . anyway , yeah , time to get new friends . that's all i can say . what is houdini'd ? i have doorslammed ... a lot of people . 2 from youth . 4 main people in adulthood but those 4 people were connected to a lot of people i knew , but i let go of all those people ... hitler's art sucks . and i find that people all contain ugliness rather than beauty . some people can be completely ugly inside . but no one can be completely beautiful inside . as far as physical beauty ... i try to be lovely and cute lol but most of the time probably come off as aloof and weird to be honest with you , i really cared for my infp friend . i wanted to make sure she was happy . make sure she felt beautiful . paid for stuff . etc . i showed her my flaws . i tried to be authentic as ... i would hope to have a lot of fun with people i trust . that's it . i don't think i would want to talk much because i am a christian and pretty set in stone with what i believe in ... so i wouldn't want ... i actually realized how much of an infj i was when my infp friend was in my life . i caught the subtle yet very firm differences between the two of us . i still think i may be infp because i think of ... what about isfp ? they have fi , se , ni ... all of which could work . i am not the best functions theorist and i don't know where you guys are getting all of your information , but i just disagree . you just sucked my brain out through a straw and spit it out . i totally agree . yes , it's hard , but don't give up , hun . you were made the way you are for a reason and you can still make a positive ... thank you for sharing this . i have experienced a narcissist before and let me tell you it is draining , sad , stressful , strange , and heartbreaking . this person had a horrible childhood and for the ... i feel for you , i really do , but you gotta get some healing . you need not suffer like this . life is so precious and sex is , too ! obviously , i believe sex should be done between a husband and wife ... go with the flow , have fun , be authentic and honest yourself and don't put all the pressure on him to be authentic / honest . and also , just know that infj's like to take things seriously ... especially ... idk , i have been practicing my extravertedness , so i would think that yes , infj's are pretty outgoing when i come from my individual perspective . i like talking to other people especially if i get ... i am finding it hard to understand you , my dear . i am sorry . and , yes , if they are christian ... that word is used often . um , i have no idea if you're being sarcastic or not . why would you hate what you are sexually attracted to ? i don't get it ? and why would you want to report all those people ? that's none of your dang business . stay out of it . i don't get it . i'm sorry ... what about the fact that fe users think universally ? they don't think about just one group they care about . they care about all people . also , what about the fact that fi users have shadow fe ? ? i just ... i will personally come on here to say that completely disagree that hitler was infj . i believe hitler was infp . here are my reasons : 1 ) fi - he had a deep hatred for people he did not like ( fi ... you have to go by functions and not by what you think an infj is . hitler was infp . he had tons of anger in his heart and and made decisions based on his personal , internal feelings lacking much logic ... have you ever considered that anybody could fake these things in order to get people to like them ? my responses to these quotes are in bold ! also , it takes a bomb under his arse to make [ him ] ... omygosh ! ! ! i did the same thing ! ! ! i used to make sure my barbies had to be laid just right so no one would feel scared or lonely . i would make sure that eggs had to be in pairs in the egg carton or ... how the heck is hitler infj ? i really don't get it . he killed people for goodness sakes . maybe it has to do with my being highly sensitive , but i cannot see hitler relating much to people enough to ... the catcher in the rye the hunger games jane austen stuff any kind of biography of a person you admire my dad - i have no frickin idea or clue ... i know he was i ... s ... f / t ... j / p ... my mom - e , definitely s ( oh lord ) , f ( yes indeedy ) , j ? ? ( she loves her era , loves oldie , holds on to stuff , likes ... well , you would find me ... like ... volunteering , at a church ... somewhere i think i have to be ... but obviously that depends on the infj girl . if she is not religious .. heck , if i were not ... i feel the same as neonzebra ... degree in art ... but don't care for it ... want to help people ... but it's hard to break into the , help people careers ... due to lack of pay ... and having to get a higher ... how do you feel among sj's ( the overseers ) ? like they're psychotic or have some personality disorder ? lol ... idk ... honestly ... maybe i run into the wrong ones how do you feel among sp's ( the ... you're so quiet that's why you have nothing to say ... she's so nice ... she wouldn't hurt a fly / you never get mad / etc ( um ... i do ... i'm not a robot ! i just have no reasons to be really mad at ... depends on the day and what someone else has done lol or something i have seen ... but if i am content ... i'm generally feeling happy / hopeful unworthy hey there ... :) it really comes down to what you lead with ... what else do you think you could possibly be ? i would probably laugh ... but if she said it in a mean rude way ... i would be mad and ask her why she said that . if it were a friend , i would be mad ... if it were a friend i trust i would ask why ... i appreciate this thread . i love jesus :) i don't have this problem . it may be because i am slightly tomboyish ... and i am black and i wear my hair natural . it's going to take a special guy ( who is not riddled with low self-esteem ) to ... i struggled with the exact same thing ! i used to get criticized at my church for not sharing enough information ( although , my church was crazy and that's totally wrong to do to someone ! ) but even ... thank you kindly , beautifuls :) i would love to meet an infj guy . i hardly feel any warmth from guys . i felt warmth from the guy i work with but he ignores me sometimes and he doesn't seem to want to talk to me sometimes ; which is ... * waves at foxical * : * ;) sent from my sph-m 840 using tapatalk thanks hun ! :) sent from my sph-m 840 using tapatalk i think you may be intj sent from my sph-m 840 using tapatalk nice hehe c ; sent from my sph-m 840 using tapatalk ohhh lol ! i figured . thanks guys :) sent from my sph-m 840 using tapatalk those are quite a few to choose from . i think you should narrow them down a bit further ... aren't some of those types just absolutely completely different ? you have probably been to the website ... i think it's unfair for you to generalize :-/ what is your type ? i am definitely not doing that . i can be honest and say when i was younger i thought it would be cool to be an infj ... i tested as ... why do you say that ? do you think katniss from the hunger games ? i mean , she was very introspective ... emotional , cared a lot about her family , wanted to die in the place of those she loved , trusted her instincts ( would ... i am an an infj ... girl ... and i'm new to posting . i used to lurk here and there but now i am officially making posts because i want to connect with people that understand me :) '