' things that are generalizable to the entire population of the world : 1 . scraping your teeth on your fork as it leaves your mouth , why why why would you do this ? ! does it feel good to have metal ... i've spent most of my life coming up with questions about the world and phenomenas i observe . to me being alive means thinking philosophically . before ever taking a class in philosophy i've though of ... the only thing with numbers i feel confident doing is statistics . other than that i avoid math like the plauge . in large amounts . triple shots get me a good coffee buzz going . there are two people who live inside my brain : one who is caffeinated and one who is not . the world is a better place when the ... procrastinate-y male and female infps i tend to take care of and they simply accept it . with a female isfj we tend to look out of each other , so as much as i take care of her she does the same for me . i'd try and ... lol , if you find it tell me ! hugs you ! :D why do i feel like i care more for everyone than they do for me ? why do i constantly interpret the slightest action to have significant meaning ? the realization that it meant nothing is at times ... yeah i think i relate to this in a way ... i'll give meaning to something others may think is insignificant . i won't think something will actually affect my life but if i have a choice to make that ... happy almost birthday ! i know a lot of 24 year olds and soon to be 24 year olds who are wondering this same thing . i also have the problem with thinking that i haven't done enough so far . i know ... awe that is so cute . i love really meaningful and little presents like that ! it's cute that he gave it to you later too . i didn't get anything really special like that . i did get an ipad though so ... no , weed makes me go crazy : i get extra paranoid , and go into a weird state of being trapped inside several dreams ( sounds a lot like inception ) . in general it just makes me feel out of control ... britney spears like once a week haha , i don't see it though . oh yes i care about strangers too , just not like i care for my favorite people . i don't know how to fit family in with this . i hate to say it but while i love all my family members some i feel a ... good question misha ... here is my theory : i think it my ability to read people leads to my very limited circle of people who i hold dear . you must have exceeded in the good / bad ratio that i assign ... i a really deep one in the middle on my right ( dominant ) hand surrounded by a few lighter ones , same goes for my left hand . on a side note : the video guy had very sssnakey s's . i am 23 :D some of this sounds similar the infj description lol , maybe i'm a starseed . i especially love the sign of like having their personal needs met is this that unique ? haha , sorry that was annoying of me to point out , i hope you didn't rage when you realized it ! you have the combined word malarious in your signature , lol . anyways i hate when people say : it could be worse : yes , i realize my situation could be worse thank you for that useless and ... my best friend of 14 years is an infp she's my best friend soulmate . i have very close friends who are entj , enfj , and istj , respectively . do you go to rutgers ? if so our schools are in the same athletic division which is interesting :) i always find little connections like that entertaining . yes , the one time i was pulled over for ... that sounds perfect , very thoughtful . i would really like to hear something like that . i'm sure she will feel the same way . i'd love to hear the outcome of this ! hopefully everything works out ... firstly , i hope i didn't annoy you by quoting you in my post reply . that was not my intention and you seem rather annoyed with me . so i wan't to extend my peace sentiments before i make anymore ... totally disagree . i'd be annoyed / offended if i was in this situation and someone did not address the concerns i expressed , ignored me and then randomly invited me somewhere , lol . you should ... an ambiguous ( slightly positive ) comment would keep me playing it over and over in my head analyzing what it could have meant , and make me seek you out further in order to determine its true meaning . lol , yeah i had a bad first experience and now i'm forever traumatized . are you trying to transfer to one of these schools or go there strictly for graduate school ? if your intentions are to transfer with the gpa you have now , then no you have no real chance . i say ... when will reality meet my expectations ? i scored a 21 . i definitely related to the loud noise and bright light items on the survey . i also get very random feelings of discomfort / awkwardness at weird times of day or when i hear a song ... i totally do this same thing , with m and w and b and p if i'm writing fast . i think thats why i'm so bad at math too because the numbers get jumbled up in my head and i write them backwards . i wonder ... 1 . celery is disgusting and bitter and in general ruins everything it comes in contact with . 2 . pasta salad , i think my main problem here is the generic italian dressing people pour over it and ... they are amazing , my only complaints are that they are a tad bit insensitive ( or i could be overly sensitive ) , and sometimes have trouble accepting the fact they make mistakes . i don't think i get as embarrassed as easily as many of you have mentioned , but i do get very embarrassed for other people easily . like watching someone fall or saying something wrong ect . i feel ... there are only 2 subjects i do not like one being math however , i do like courses in statistics that is as close to liking math i'll ever be . i also dislike sociology , it seems very obvious to me .  ... yes i want to get married . i always thought i'd be married around 24 or 25 but since i'm 23 now unless something drastically changes that won't be happening . 27 28 doesn't sound too bad though . as ... something i can spot right away is your citations . i don't know if you're doing this in apa style or not but if you are your citations have a few errors . if you want i can fix it for you ! ( sorry for ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5p0QtJMKt1s so awkward , lol . i agree chicago is a great place ! heidegger , husserl , and merleau-ponty for their work in phenomenology . they helped me look at the world in a entirely different way , and understand reality a little better . moral philosophers like ... i can't stand violence or seeing people in pain . i honestly have no clue why people think watching others fall or get hurt is funny . people who laugh at things like this really annoy me , and i ... is french vanilla really that much better than vanilla , 2 notches ! ? as for me i'm just going to go with vanilla for all 5 , why mess with a good thing ? first let me say , i'm sorry about the sadness you feel right now and i hope things end up well . i'm a girl infj so my opinion may not be exactly what you're looking for but i'll give it a shot ... first off , i really like this song . yes i feel this way , i always have . for me i try and fill it up with achieving goals or new experiences . nothing ever seems to fix it though . when i achieve ... i can't believe these have not been mentioned yet ... anything by wes anderson specifically the royal tenenbaums . 500 days of summer oh and inglourious basterds . i procrastinate all the time on school work , but i can because i work better under pressure and my quality of work is still better than most since i am a perfectionist to the max . i would like to ... even on my good days i sometimes still can't put their bad qualities out of my mind , especially if i am near them . if i really see no good in a person that is when they make it to my famous horrible ... i've heard infjs are sometimes push-overs , this is definitely not me if someone is trying to manipulate me or use me i will immediately call them out on it . if i know someone is lying to me i ... i feel ambivalence towards people . i love and hate nearly everyone , everyone has a different ratio of love / hate though . i guess that's because i can see both good and bad in everyone . this also ... no question about it , to me leo and reese are better looking . '