' what i mean to say is our current state of bureaucracy can do some improvements , more fine-tuning . i think bureaucracy is a necessary evil . i mean , how well can a big corporation function without an organisational system that can help run its transactions in an efficient way ? however , efficiency ... at the moment , i like the word androgynous as this is what perfectly describes me at where i work . i recently had my hair chopped off really short , and i work at this aged care facility where all ... in all seriousness and honesty , what i fear the most is when a potential serial killer stalks me in the woods . i guess a more realistic answer would be ... why ? ! : shocked : everyone of all personalities ask this question . i don't believe it is right for only one personality type to monopolise this questioning , because i think it is inherent as human beings to have the ... entering my room without knocking the door . privacy is very important to me , and i hate to be surprised by unscrupulous intrusion . on the other hand , if i have to take this question literally ... a book made of fresh onions .  ... and march of the penguins . i seriously cried when i realised the beauty of emperor penguin courtships , monogamous love , how much they endure and brave through ... when it comes to intelligent humour , i take my hat off and bow down to the great george carlin ! :D https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2cjRGee5ipM * raises my hand * :D aiming for neuroscience ! this calls for an intervention by the labour union . and yes , this is very disturbing . are there ngo social services there that could help ? you appear to have classic symptoms of depression . * gives you a hug * just offering a listening ear if you need someone to talk to . :) both . this shouldn't exclusively come down to personality typing , but there are lots of factors that come into play on orderliness ... like culture and upbringing . researcher . period . seems like everyone wants to retire in nz . the population of older adults is actually larger that that of the youth . : 3 ... watching keeping up with the kardashians . : bored : somehow the sneaky onion ninja pops up from nowhere ! : shocked : i try to be careful reading others as i could be projecting . objective empathy takes a lot of mental effort than i thought , since i have to ask myself whether i'm feeling a particular emotion and ... hodgepodge i have already mapped out how i want my life to turn out to be , but then i have left enough room for spontaneity and for adjustment to arbitrary life changes that are likely to occur as i carry on ... to my original question , i shall take your answer as a yes . : 3 1 . environmentalist 2 . pacifist 3 . academist ... the reason why i didn't choose liberalist is that , personally i have observed that humans are too caught up with promoting their rights and ... if i asked you guys a sarcastic question , would you guys give me a stupid answer ? :P i love to play ... mainly i do it privately , inside my mind . : 3 i love how my imagination consumes me like a giant wave washing the vast expanse of a shoreline . * wink wink * xp ...degrading/looking down at people who are already downtrodden ( e . g . discriminating people from lower socioeconomic status just coz they are not as well off as you are ) ... ugh . that loosens the ... gosh , this is such a late reply , but thank you zech ! ! this has definitely made my geeky day ! =D * hug * i hope you're doing great ! low ... ssad ( subsyndromal seasonal affective disorder ) . i think i have that . it can get cheesy listening to it for long ... but indeed you can't deny the beautiful concept it shares about genuine love . :) quiet internal turmoil . every opportunity hides a possibility of a new beautiful journey . a new-found friend can be a treasure of your lifetime . they also see red , probably because they have more red conical photoreceptor cells than they have blue and green ( though i'm not entirely sure if they do have even just a residual amount of the ... i've been secretly trying to encourage myself to embrace those feelings of romance . i had been trying to deny it , avoid it , ignore it , confound it . but this time , i'm trying to teach myself to feel ... these aren't the exact words , but it'll try to recapture the the sentiment spoken by one of the senior nurses who i worked with before . on establishing rapport with patients : you must share a bit ... i share the same hobbies as the other infjs that have posted here , more or less . however , my new found interest is : burning paper with a magnifying lens . :P woot ~ ~ ~ yes , mom . :) i find it hard to relate to the wider population of females i'm surrounded with . if i'm dropped into a convention hall full of women , i'd probably be an island and stand at one corner , observing the ... pescetarian ( but would want to be full vegetarian ) . infj . i want to have a trip to rwanda and volunteer for community work . while being there , i want to see a real-life elephant ! :D i talk to myself like how a schizophrenic would respond when they're hearing auditory hallucinations . with hand gestures . privately , i strive . but sometimes i do get caught , especially if they don't ... my first dozen : 1 . writer 2 . medical scientist 3 . college professor [ what a dream . :) ] 4 . psychologist [ i love this . plus a neuro at the beginning ... two slices of toast with avocado + vegemite / strawberry jam on either slices [ i eat the vegemite combination first then the jam , such a playful transition of salty to sweet flavour ] ... and some ... even if this thread has only got one response , this is by far the most comprehensive response i've ever received on any thread i've started on any category . thank you very much . :) should of <--- i often come across this , then i think ---> should have ( or in this case , should've ) [ ? ] i don't think it really should be annoying , but it kind of is . hmmm ... lol ... looks really tempting , isn't it ? xd hence the change . : 3 ironic coz pretty cupcakes can look really delectable , but are usually grossly too sweet . :P this made my night . <3 thanks for sharing ! i'm actually glad to see that intjs have this thread . i have a clandestine naive urge of making it known to the general society that you're not wholly robots . although i had clashed with some intjs ... don't be silly . anecdotes are good . ;] sensitivity is indeed a bane ... on the other hand , back in high school i was quite notorious for being a motherly-know-it-all-i-know-what's-best-for-you kind of jerk . lol in response to your thought of how we all are connected , living and non-living , micro and macro , here's a video that truth once shared to me before that rendered a profound inspirational ... i find humour in your editing out the details which you thought was irrelevant to the original question of this thread . : 3 probably individual preference . i love sciences too , but i really don't mind whether it's micro or macro , i find them all interesting . however , i'm particularly attracted to abstract matters , such ... '