' no . and i'm actually waiting for a mod to lock this thread and move it . most of the people who responded on this thread didn't even answer my question , though . this thread was made to find out how 8s finally settled on their type . read the first post for proof . drmiller 100 wanted to psychoanalyze me and asked me why i asked the question in the first ... 1 . i'm not a dude . 2 . a member here called me a name . 3 . i have no idea why drmiller 100 was trying to psychoanalyze me . he asked me why i asked the question . i said i didn't want to talk about ... so here's why i asked this fucking question . my sister fucking killed herself and a mutual friend recommended enneagram when i was having trouble blaming myself for her death . i registered here to ... well thanks . i'm glad that someone finally understood my question . as for getting snooty , i wasn't aware i was . i wasn't asking for help . i was asknig for other people to share their ideas and ... the reason i mention is that you seem to be good at picking out inconsistencies . it seems like type 1s have their phd in inconsistencies . type 5 could fit , though . just wanted to throw it out there ... and , by the way , does this forum not have any mods ? why wasn't that post taken down or changed ? isn't it against the rules anyway ? good call . i was wrong . just irritated at that guy for cussing out the other guy for no apparent reason i could see . stop with the animosity . i know we disagree about your wing . if you would like to discuss my type , could you do it in a not so backhanded way ? if you think i'm type 9 , give me the evidence . i'm not ... eh , not really interested in pursuing this convo today . never called you stupid . let's put a pin in it . younce i might need to hire you as a translator . you're good ! nothing against 5s at all , but immolate doesn't seem like a stick-in-the-mud the way 5s are . i think he's a great example of a 7 , actually , which is why i put him on my thread about examples of ... i started this thread because i was struggling between two types . i wanted to get a feel for the way 8s answered this question so i could see if i identified with their answers or not . 8w9 seems too conflicted to me . i was thinking about that just when i was typing out which type i thought i was - it's strange how i'm thinking either 8 or 9 , but not an 8w9 or a 9w8 lol . owlet comes across as timid about herself , but pretty strong about surrounding matters . she is opinionated , doesn't back down from what she believes ( without being overly aggressive ) . when i say ... i think you are a 4w5 . i haven't seen anything to suggest that you'd be anything else . the thing about you , though , is that you're not as immediately emotional as many 4s come across usually , so i ... brains - type 3 seems much more likely for you . maad city - type 6 temizzle - type 1 suggestions are based on some observations i've made since before i registered here . which members here do you think are good examples for their enneagram type ? to stick with forum rules about unsolicited typing , the members selected must identify as being the type that you give ... lord fenix wulfheart have you considered type 1 ? isfp enn . 8 - eminem what a crock of total b . s .. any mbti type can be any enneatype . this is just a thread to spread misinformation and ignorance . correlations exist , sure , but no mbti type is exempt from any enneatype . i'm surprised you don't know that . innocence is type 8 ' s holy idea . read more about it on just about any enneagram website ever . if you need a starting place , the enneagram institute website is a ... what's the fun in living the same life over and over again every day when i could live a fuller and more complete life by actually working to improve myself ? or was this question rhetorical ? so ... tritypes are a triple number enneatype including a head type , heart type , and gut type . tritypes are controversial and might not even exist . and what were the odd things you used to type my collage ? : wink : great advice and why i am exploring enneagram to begin with . i don't want to be a slave to the weakness i carry from my past . that's so cool you got to be interviewed by someone within the system . for me , i started reading about the childhood conflicts of other people who are 8s . there is too much i recognize from my own ... temizzle that frat boy sounds like a tool ! it would be hard for me to respect anything about someone like that . fake anger and fake courage are easy for me to spot . i know what real fear and real ... i wanted to be lead because i'm the best there . the other tech was slacking and doesn't live up to his potential . it didn't feel slimy to me and i don't feel remorse . if he wants to be lead again he ... why would you hate to say it ? lol . it becomes much more clear when you put it that way though . if i am a 6 which was my original assessment based on shallow understanding , how does the relationship ... the whole thing is so absurd , too . like , if i wanted someone to think i was a type , i could manipulate the system completely . instead of trying to make a collage to assert how 8 i am , i wanted to ... well aren't you the nice one . i didn't realize you wanted so much scrutiny . i came from a violent household . my sister was victimized by my father sexually . he wasn't ever interested in me . i did ... give me an example when you applied this knowledge . show me how it's applied . show me how it fits in with the bigger picture . show me why this is necessary . bring si into it instead of ni . ah ! thanks for explaining . distortions brightflashes brains paradigm immolate i made the collages the way i did because i don't understand how tying people based off of collages is possible . i thought that if i made one ... when i look at it i feel overwhelmed , so type 5 is the first one that comes to mind . when i consider each picture and the whole of the image , it could also be a type 7w8 collage : experiences , pushing ... when you settled on being a type 8 , what was that one thing that convinced you ? i am considering a few different types for myself and 8 is on my list . if i am an 8 , i'd be an 8w7 . so far i have posted two collages and filled out a questionnaire on the what's my type ? thread . the feedback i have gotten combined with what i believe , i think i'm either an 8 or a 9 . i'm leaning ... cat brainz vibrant , fantastical , exploratory , trickster archetype , playful , wonder ... i'd go with 7w8 . i see you type yourself as 9 . i can see 9 applying , but the whole thing seems more 7 than 9 ... show me instead of tell me instead of asking for explanations , try asking for a demonstration . didn't you know ? intj is slimming ! i know this is a play forum but could you guys knock it off ? it makes me feel like i did something wrong by signing up . : unsure : this thread has gotten more posts than any other i started . can ... don't do it sundae ! thanks for all the info ! now that i understand what it is i think i'm going to focus on finding my type first . love the pic ! i want to call dibs on wellsy he stuck up for me in a different thread . needy is a better word . i'm sorry . i'm new here and i think i'm trying to compensate for it by showing off that i know things about mbti . i'm anxious about being on a new forum . i was flexing my ... 6-8 , but usually all on the same site if that matters . this reads like an infp thread stuck in an fi / si loop ! can't say that i've ever met anybody who i have felt compelled to invest a lot of time and attention to . guys get so emotional that i can't take ... '