' and yet : biological effects of essential oils âx80x93 a review - sciencedirect pharmaceutical and therapeutic potentials of essential oils and their individual volatile constituents : a review - edris - ... dang , lucky you , enjoy it ^ ^ would laugh my a .. off it is wasn't painfully accurate : s as a kid , tae-kwon-do for some years . loved it . got more grounded , gained discipline still useful to this day . never liked sparring ( or any type of contact for that matter ) . it's part of the things ... oh nice a list ^ ^ strengths : progressive = yes original = coming up with new ideas , not so much . living in way different from others , somewhat yes . independent = hell yeah ... accurate ? on some points fairly yes . i won't let my personality get affected by zodiac , enneagram or even mbti , i am who i am , and it turns out i fit the description of an intj ( according to jungian ... me , but i don't see the relevance ... one completely underinvestigated ( by western countries at least ) path : bacteriophage faraday cage will work , but the size of the grid will block different wavelengths more or less efficiently . to block all frequencies , one needs a sheet of metal , but it's expensive and impractical ... you took action on the problem . bitching about it is allowed . bitching about it without taking any action , or even considering action is not allowed . that's just the intj being humble and not bragging about . i also take some getting used to . i see people at first going away from me , but when they start to know me , they come back and appreciate me ... rest in peace little rabbit . indeed , i wasn't aware of it's passing , or i wouldn't have made any comments . to me it feels like the rabbit is jealous that the cat gets so many pictures . or has the cat already made a dessert out of it ? i guess this requires a rabbit picture as proof of life : kitteh : it's holliday season , lots of special snowflakes are coming down . most of them will melt away once they understand who they truly are . had the same problem . lived in a 4 people shared flat ... always had to find someone new every 6 months ... i mean ... meeting a new person every 6 months is just ludicrous ... now live on my ... the original one ( ringu : japan 1998 ) was really creepy . the others after that , not so much . the acting was improved , but not the creepiness ^ ^ keep it , it's gonna hunt mosquitoes for you : kitteh : she'll take a cat . a good hunter , it will even bring the dead prey back to it's mistress and continue to do so when seeing how happy she bounces around : kitteh : cat pictures are great , rabbit pictures are better : kitteh : cookies , sweet ! ! ! clueless me wouldn't see anything else than someone bringing me cookies and wanting my opinion on them , which i will make sure to give , as unbiased as possible <-- disaster ... and don't do well with compliments . compliment : job well done --> answer : i know --> meaning : the results speak for themselves , i don't need your show of approval look at me i'm fabulous says the horse : kitteh : love the trunk . real antique ? now is the time to vaccum the hell out of these dogs : kitteh : maybe try to convince your father to purchase one of those robots thingy . i got one , it's great . there are some inexpensive ones available now that make a good job . plus putting your cat in a ... fun , not necessarily , it's just the rational thing to do , don't give way to panic , keep your head cool , and do what you believe is right . now if people loses it because they aren't able to catch ... the other one , it's always the other one ... * whispers * they are already among us : spacecraft - 1 : we already did , and look what we are doing to it ... oh , i'm just really looking to the next darwin awards , there will be more than a couple of winners because of pokémon go ^ ^ make no mistakes , the cat is just keeping its ' food reserve clean for when the mistress forgets to feed him : kitteh : it's usually when i start work , and no , nobody forces me to do this , i have no fixed schedule , it just works better for me , the office is quiet , and i'm an early bird . the only kind of plague i would like to see ^ ^ as far as i remember this product originates from japan , that might explains a few things ... another good one is : increase your visibility ... by expending your network ... my fracking network form on a business need only . if there's no business need , to contact that person , i won't ... those two actually have sense , when used correctly , which they often aren't : s yep , hmm , still looking though ... aren't there some knobs missing to open the doors / drawers ? or is it a push-y system ? that is when i know i was lucky , my parents always made sure that everybody involved was perfectly aware of the plan and what to prepare for it . i'd prefer jennifer conneli personnaly . but yes , agreed , all the casting is wrong in my opinion . it is debatable whether the major is asiatic or not as it's not always easy to figure out in anime ... here ya go . use the video / video tags https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fKGoVefhtMQ&feature=youtu.be nope , no they don't :p i have my weekly lunch with a friend to the same restaurant . sometimes when i'm in the mood , i'll go to the quiz night at the local irish pub ( like once every other month or so ) . not usually dancing , no , don't like it so much ( i'm not too bad at it ) , and it mostly happens around a lot of people . however , i liked to learn it ( did a bit of salsa ) , just to acquire a new ... from time to time . i like chopin's nocturne when i need to focus . otherwise , a bit of rachmaninoff is always pleasant : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=znlUBaLH2zY https://www.ted.com/talks/james_veitch_this_is_what_happens_when_you_reply_to_spam_email?language=en after some learning curve and adaptation , and if the intj is willing , then yes . how is the knitting going ? i need to buy this as a poster ^ ^ biochemical pathways chemistry cat memes | quickmeme '