' hi ! i am intp :) actually i am getting to know a guy i presume is infj ( i'm sure he is ixfx ) and i have been always interested in this type . a question : are infj guys generally slow to further the ... intp female here . i am intrigued by infjs , but for the moment i notice two intp / infj relationship downfalls : 1 - infjs mask their emotions , which i find a really annoying trait as an intp usually ... i don't want to have children because of this . no maternal instinct . i almost hate cooking i find no emotional strike in kissing . according to my experience , it feels like having some piece of meat on your lips / tongue + the taste of saliva and probably the things your mate has eaten shortly ... she has told me this . the problem is that i get annoyed when we have been fine , and the next time i initiate a conversation , she is all of a sudden unwilling to talk . it sounds like throwing all my ... the traits you described are very similar to my infp sister's , about her i talked on this thread . as someones who is raised beside a infp i can tell you this not-trying-to-maintain-a-relationship ... an intp myself , i have an infp sister with whom i get along well in general and can call my best friend . we are somehow psychologically alike , with similar understanding of the world and the things ... as an intp , i say if you read the description of my type , a very repeated notion is being careless about their appearance / expected social behaviour + having their own value system which much of the ... not so obsessive , electric guitar however . master in french translation - intp i translated some pages for very little money . it was working from home . if we consider going to the workplace , then it was being cashier in a book fair . intp female and proud :) you have a good voice , it is excellent for horror movies : rolleyes : an actress said me when i was working on a university play . it is a very familiar situation too me as i experience it time to time . generally , i'm not a life lover . the delights are temporary and not very intense . but when it seems really grey and ... confused and somehow bored . i feel i haven't lived what i should ; it remained more of a fantasy . i feel the urge to change many things in my life and it is hard . in this point of my life i feel totally confused about love , sex , relationships and my drives . it was pretty clear before i gained some experience which turned out to be totally irrelevant to my ... it was odd to read these old posts . after all i thought intps were independent creatures obsessed with freedom , but now i see lots of them talking about a shoulder to cry on or someone to complete ... i agree . besides i notice that some intps are more inclined to scientific reasoning vs the ones prone to more of abstract thinking , which could be another face of your categorization . hmm ... if i consider all effects of being an intuitive thinker it is really hard to reply . getting bored so easily , having a value system opposing to social norms , not liking small talk & mannerism , ... i guess online , i ` m not that different of real life . i usually start slowly , then can sharpen when stimulated . i really can ` t have a regular day job , it makes me sick . i can ` t understand the point of marriage & it ` s long term responsibilities either . i don ` t want to be a mother . plus i always appreciated ... well i don ` t think i used any offensive word , but you do ... i let go . first off all , i know these women for years , they are my friends . i find their lives boring & don ` t want to have such a life ... i have done this for a while . i didn ` t complete all the tasks but at least i kept in mind what is rested to be done next week , so it was helpful . this ways you get things finally done , maybe a bit ... so i find someone to understand my avant-garde inferior views in this world full of ignorance . it ` s good thing to be narrow-minded , son . shut up only i deserve talking here . it ` s a undeniable fact that i ` m your superior . i argue with my father almost every time we are together too long . just now i don ` t work out in a regular basis . once i did martial arts 3 times a week , then i lost motivation . now i prefer mountain climbing & swimming . i walk a lot . that said , i like individual ... amazing ... : laughing : i scored 10 , so i think i ` m not . well , as a nt , i had a good life in home with caring parents but as i started school , specially middle school forward , i had to protect myself against teenagers raised in though environments : there ... in those cases they are jealous of our logic : happy : i ` m sorry you felt bad about it . they sometimes can be conflict seekers , so they try to find something to start fighting ; this can be overemotionally in feelers , and opposite believes in rationales ... i don ` t remember i said men are not attracted to me - and this is not the case . that ` s about the way someone treats the other after first meetings , where the incompatibilities show up . in other words , ... i think as a intp i relate to this article . i don ` t know how my nf friends see me exactly , but we get along well . the title intrigues me so i enter :) first of all , i have problem in prioritizing unless there is some sort of urgency , which in fact is ` t my decision . my motivations have an interior source and usually aren ` t constant . following ... not at all your business when you don ` t participate in debate . i am somehow struggling with my ideals & reality . the fact that there is nothing exactly similar to what you want in your mind , then you have two options : not having relationships or leaving them ... no no no no pleeeaaase respect me unless i go kill myself : angry : your irrational restrict view is ridiculous . 1 - infjs have great intuition , 2 - they are really gentle , not in a shallow way , 3 - they think beyond daily matters , 4 - they are usually artistic to some degree which turns me on , 5 - i have ... exactly . and they choose family photos , even their children ` s as their avatar . then talk about the kid ` s healthcare , education & problems 24/7 , like there is nothing else in their mind , like getting ... my infp sister has experienced this . fearandtrembling i get along very well with infjs . me , intp , and a lot of nt girls have your problem in opposite way : not being the stereotypical female . i discussed it in my thread : ... in fact abused people often tend to : 1 - hate sex at all it forms , or 2 - develop masochist tendencies . the movie belle de jour , 1968 , by louis bunuel is about a woman who was molested as a child , ... i know you asked infjs , but as i ` m here now i reply you . i relate to what you say . i think this is a n issue as i know other nfs & nts who feel this . personally i ` m afraid of losing future ... as a intp i ` m interested in infjs . what do you think about such a relationship , dear infjs ? and where to find you ? i love to get rich but am too lazy for it . i appreciate visual arts . my favorites are renaissance sculptures & paintings , but then , art is good thing in general : wink : i don ` t know it relates to what function exactly , but i know a lot of ns ... '