' lots of great replies from all intjs posted in this thread . will digest and write my response , hopefully , to as many of you as possible maybe later tonight . got tons of great new insights from you ... hi . who are some of the current mods i could talk to ? thanks . another great response . this is exactly what i came here for . i do put her in her place evertime she does that . got to a point where id just ignore her outright or patronize her since i can no longer ... don't agree and can't really relate to anything u said here ... outwitted ? jealousy ? r u fking kidding me ... came here to side with ur fellow infj and preface ur non-sense with i don't usually agree ... indeed . and forgot to also mention that we have witnessed first hand that getting divorce is a super messy and expensive business . so you r wise to point out that a part of me is trying to prevent my ... when ppl fuck with me i fuck with them . now you know how istps work . if i never had to see his fking gf againi would op to do nothing about it . but she crossed me far too many times . anyways thanks ... really appreciate your great advice . i'll definetly reread it later . i definetly would've done alot more about it 5 years ago had we lived in the same country . i only wait till now to take action b / c ... careful who you are donating to . i heard some bigger charities ' ceos and exces take salaries in the order of hundred thousands to over a million dollar a year . is there an older version of the perc app i can download for my ipad 1 ios 5 ? dude tell me about it . my intj brother is dating an intp girl very similar to your description . please check out my thread . would love to hear your strategy on helping my brother dump her for the ... * please refrain from replying to this particular thread if you're not an intj . came here for good analytical breakdown and strategy from intj only . won't respond otherwise . ty for ur cooperation * ... * on second thought ... not the best section to talk about this * i like gym . i wish i'd taken all gym classes and art classes back in high school . i am slowly but surely mastering the ways of the estp's . okay not mastering but i think iget it ... and i've recently been thinking maybe the whole doer thing applies to extroverts in general ... http://cdn.memegenerator.co/instances/600x/40366699.jpg not that many ... maybe 2 or 3 on here there are still active u might be right ;P nice cat btw any caterpillar type heavy machinery operator or crane operator here would like to share their experience ? i have a feeling it's prolly one of the best careers for istps ... operating these giant ... just a tally of my observation . not gonna release my theory about istp & appearance on perc or anywhere else cuz it's just gonna go in circles all day . take from it what you will . hope this doesn't offend anybody . but you look too feminine to be an istp ? killl frenzy ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2mgnkJu6mc4 dude , you're like a zoo ! i wonder if steve jobs would've picked ashton kutcher . http://theweekendrecipe.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/tdy-121205-ashton-jobs-combo.photoblog600.jpg that's good news ! if you plan to stick with your istp now you know what to expect :) feel free to drop me a line anytime if you have more questions or concerns . good luck ! thank you for sharing , and sorry to hear about your situation . so you did everything you could , but your istp doesn't seem ready to resume the relationship . if you reach out to him again , it will ... samsung spokesman is an estj http://cdn.meme.li/instances/300x300/39534703.jpg you're welcome ! hope we've given you enough hints to get you started on solving this istp puzzle of yours . it certainly comes with it's own unique set of challenges , so whenever you find ... purple text . cute . already distinguishing yourself from the crowd eh :) general istp-infp technical difficulties . but i am not giving up on infp's though . release the inferior fe floodgate ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0auwpvAU2YA what's really interesting was that christian bale was ranting in american accent . what's up with that ? christian bale istp and mark walhberg estp http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H6gIc_8pXUI lol tell us how you really feel . and was your last perc account named sniperpanda by any chance ? healthy isfj's don't stay up late do they ? dynamic . can't relate to the static notion at all ! interesting theory . let me know which other types are also associated with the dynamic notion . thanks . oh , so that's what he said in his voicemail . i thought he had said something that made you doubt his intention which left you in a stressful state when you called him back . well , if that's in fact ... i think it's good that you left him a voice mail and clearly stated your intention , so the ball is in his court now . who knows , maybe he had listened to your voice mail and needed time to process . we ... http://cdn0.meme.li/instances/300x300/39370443.jpg that's good to know ! and just a reminder , the only thing that's tangible to a male istp is physical bonding . other forms of communication are secondary . so just keep at it , text him and get him out ... so none of you wants lana del rey's job ? dis . jackson pollack type abstract paintings and photography that focuses on colour and geometry . and certain paintings that evoke feelings of big city loneliness like bell ' s avatar : ... i second intj . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bbkyeqHy9GM i think he needs to stop bluffin with his muffin . i was in aerospace eng and hated it . if you hate the solidworks part , which is actually the fun part in the real world and most ppl don't even get to do that , then i'd suggest you finish your degree ... why are you so quiet ? this phrase makes me wanna punch the person in the face every time i get asked . i'd rather they ask me why so serious ? at least i get a good chuckle out of it ... and might ... 1 ) this happened everytime . too bad relationships don't come with a contract . if i get bored with my job , i just walk away by the end of the contract . sadly , i do the same thing with all my ... don't worry , it's pretty difficult to screw up with an istp . but i don't recommend calling an istp out of the blue , b / c istp's dread talking on the phone . so try texting first and then call , or even ... fwb was all i wanted when i was in college ! relationship was the last thing i would take on . i would suggest you find ways to seduce him but keep the relationship thing light . if the sex is great he will automatically think more of you and get more involved with you . so i think it's ... '