' this is a link to an article quoting multiple sources in this regard . in a 1996 annals of clinical psychiatry study of 249 widows and 101 widowers , 61 percent of men and 19 percent of women were ... well , bluebird , i have not posted nor responded in i don't know how long but you have shaken me out of my negligence . i will not answer your ( highly intrusive ) questions . i will say , as others have ... yep , me too . been one of those days ... 21 ( fear ) + 11 ( avoidance ) = 32 do not suffer from social anxiety . intelligent kind-hearted loving intelligent ( can't stress this enough ) great sense of humor someone i'm comfortable with , can be myself with , that is comfortable with me demonstrative ( in ... thank you for your response ; always interesting to see the thoughts / opinions of others . you said if “ it falls into an acceptable range ” for yourself … what do you consider an acceptable range ? my ... happy hugs for all ! ! ( i'm in one of those moods ... ) i despise gossip . i don't like to be around anyone who is gossiping , and i don't want to hear it . there is no benefit to gossip - not for the people who are doing it and certainly not for the victim ... my former boyfriend is an enfp and it was a frustrating match-up . i am sure there are tons of intj / enfp matches that work out well , but it did not in my case . i just think there are too many ... yay to intj / intj pairing ! : tongue : the only thing i can say about this suggestion is to be careful with the presentation of it . several years ago i went on a few dates with this very intelligent man . now don't get me wrong , i'm no ... as a female intj who is extremely cuddly and loving with my partner , i would have to whole-heartedly disagree with that . that might be the case with you , but it isn't with all female intjs . it is not uncommon in these situations for the man to say , but it was going so well ... or i thought we had a good thing . i'm not really sure why that is , but i've experienced it and i've heard ... i am a lady , first and foremost . i used to teach school ( k - 12 ) but now i teach adults in corporate settings . i can only speak from my own experience , but when i'm done i am completely done . when it got to the point i asked for a divorce , i wasn't able to consider any other option . it wasn't a matter of was ... thanks ! two hours and counting ... can't breathe . sigh . there's a reason i'm not an esfp ! i need a hug today ! i agree with you lily - my biggest obstacle was the kids . very sensitive issue and area . i would not want to ever do anything that would mess up our relationship , and we have a really great one right ... so ... my kids ' father decided it was time for them to come back to his house for awhile - they've been here two months straight - and that just fell right into my lap ( with a little genius on my ... ok intjs , i need some immediate advice ! i'm not a spontaneous person ( no surprise there ) . i have the opportunity to fly off for the weekend and be with someone i care very much about . but i didn't ... i will hug someone i am really attached to or care very much about , family or friends . if i haven't seen a friend in awhile i don't mind initiating a hug . with a significant other , i'm a cuddle bug ... no problem ! whenever you need one ( or two , or three ) , just let me know . i'm happy to help ! are you still in need of hugs ? ? more hugs your way ( just in case ... ) awww , why the sad song al ? awww , jeb , lots of hugs your way . beautiful and true . thank you for that . lol nope ! apparently he picks up on hints very well . i've now had several dates with an intj . wow ! why did i ever wait so long for this ? what does one intj do on a date with another intj ? wonderful things . and even the silence that happens because i'm ... awww , shucks , thanks ! i've really been in need of some hugging lately . : wink : yes , please ! i find it amusing when people are floored by a female intj . how would you identify one ? can only speak for me but - i'm constantly observing , generally quiet . i might be watching intently , or i ... thank you ! i'm feeling the love for sure tonight . :) we are going to give it a try , so that's the good news ! cautiously optimistic . taking things slowly . there are certain obstacles and i'm not ... aww , thank you . i'll take the armour and a hug . i like hugs . though it might just work out yet ... we'll see . stay tuned ... look up gallop's strengthsfinder . strengths-based companies ( and the theory behind it ) put in an effort to 1 . create balanced teams by hiring team members whose strengths compliment one another 2 ... thank you , but it didn't work out . i'm super sad about it - to the point of tears ( which is not like me at all ) . but it is what it is . sometimes things are just not meant to be . the really sucky ... independent , strong , will not ask for help ( or admit any is needed ) . direct ( i prefer that word over blunt ) . to the point . gets things done when they need to be done . despises laziness . leader ... it seems you just described me ! well , without the debates . i don't mind discussion with differing opinions but i do not like debate . thank you for this . i've had way more acceptance of the idea from nearly everyone i've told despite the 18 year age difference . the biggest gap i've ever had before was when i was 3.5 years older or ... in high school people thought i was stuck up , but because i was very quiet and held myself with dignity not because i debated positions on things . people can and do sometimes mistake confidence for ... i can relate with some of this - listening to a song i like until i can't stand it anymore , for example . other parts not at all - i don't mind having a hair out of place ( that might be because i ... my hardware apparently also needs updating ! i wake up way earlier than my two children . i purposely start work early so that i can have a few hours with absolute silence in the house . because life ... oh , i see ... the plan won't work unless / until i interrupt internet ! otherwise all the intjs will be in their homes online and won't be outside to witness my awesome bulldozing skills . : tongue : not sure why but the term love-eyes made me laugh ! i'd kinda like to have a man all love-eyed at me again . : wink : sadly , that was my nickname all through high school - the bulldozer ! you can't shake something like that entirely ... the only good reason i can see for wanting to be a cat is how spoiled they often are ! now that i wouldn't mind ... lol yes but i was in middle school then ; i've learned how to be a little less bulldozer since then . : laughing : i can honestly say i have never wished to be a cat ! or even to have one ... isn't that a little fuzzy wuzzy for an intj ? well that is truly something to appreciate ! many men ( in my experience ) love to string along a woman even if their own interest isn't high . i've never been able to figure out why they enjoy doing ... i can't agree with that since i've never been in a relationship with an intj and don't know first hand ... but the women coming in are trying to figure out if the guy even likes them so they haven't ... what is the deal with all these women coming here asking for advice about the intj man they are totally in love with ? i'm just floored at the number of times this happens ( and i haven't been around ... '