' yes . i have battled depression for years , and it's not uncommon for me to wake up depressed and thinking about suicide . i don't think it's more prevalent in one personality type than another , ... hello ! i am back after several years . i had been pretty active on here , and sort of drifted away . but i am back ! let's chat and be friends . yes , this is me ... when i'm detached . we're both 4w5 / 5w4 / 9w1 ... maybe it's just inherent to our type ? sometimes i feel like the world around me isn't real . it can be fun sometimes . i remember in class , in college , i would sit through a lecture and go into my own little world . i'd take bits of the ... i , too , have been listening to music forever . i listen to music that represents my mood ... it's an empathetic comfort . happy , sad , relaxed . anyway , here's my music . it's all guitar stuff . sean ... i'm a leo , year of the rat . haven't looked into astrology in years , but i am interested to know more ... depression , anxiety . no meds . i like classical music . some of it being newer classical , some minimalism , but i also like bach , satie , debussy . some of the spanish classical composers . even mahler . that said , i also like ... tiago sousa - pendulo ( the whole album , insonia , is very very good . you can hear it on his label's website and buy it on lp if you're into vinyl . ok , more prose . the dwellers in the darkness we live . we thrive where few could , on what few could thrive . to break the silence , a flick of an eyebrow , the sad eyes in the night , a tear falls , ... hehe ... i like to cook , some people seem to like my cooking . and it's fun to do . maybe i'm good . i dunno . but i eat it , and like it . yeah , usually people prefer one eye to another , and use it more than using both , if they have an astigmatism . so one eye is then called lazy . and your theory is coming true ! ! you see an intp in an infp forum , looking , and wanting to pick a fight ... and start to type something in response to one of his ignorant statements , but know you'll end up getting into a fight that ... yes ! so very very true ... english is my native language . but i speak german , and a little latin . i can understand ( or get the gist of , anyway ) french and dutch ebay auctions though if i really try . well ... if you have them on the computer , you could upload them on photobucket . or you could send them through aim . thanks for the compliments too ! * blush * i love what i feel when i see your photos . that reminds me of what i did in high school . i would escape people during lunch by going into the library ( the old one , the circulation side which nobody ever entered ) , and sit , reading . i'll ... nick drake - river man i vote for hurt , embarrassed , free and relieved . welcome to the cafe , fellow infp . and a photographer as well . do you have a flickr account ? amelie's a great movie , too , by the way . enjoy your stay here ! greetings , fellow infp . welcome to the cafe . welcome to the cafe ! the forums will definitely help you learn more about both myers-briggs and the enneagram . and ... i've wondered if that was really him , too ! the enneagram deserves more love ... hello caro . welcome to the cafe ! it's neat that you're a literature professor . of course you have me curious about the reading material now ! you go into a forum where there's a hot debate and have a serious , strong point to throw into it , then think about people's reactions and possibly making it into a brawl , on top of the possibility of ... :/ it's ok , some people need certain things , i suppose . i've heard that where the actual health aspect comes in is in kinds of fats and proteins . your daughter could be craving something else ... yeah , i have a lazy eye as well . so add me to the count bob dylan - not dark yet respect is important though . i respect people's religious beliefs . everyone can believe what they want , and it's a personal decision . i'm with conscious and don't like the exploitation of religion ... eating veggies and drinking silk . i say s's . t's i can deal with individually , but i think s's have the feeling that i'm somehow deficient . yeah ... i wish they did . i care about my friends a lot , and am always there for them . however , when i need someone , they're not always there . it makes me wonder why i care , and then i think about ... i was raised as a carnivore , basically from me living in the south . but i did finally move away from land animals and poultry , and now the only meat i eat is fish ( though i don't eat fish every day , ... he looks down , watching over me ( he's on my bookcase by my bed ) . he smiles when i'm happy , he consoles me when i'm sad . for many years , he would come down on my bed and sleep with me at night . he ... yes ! hehe ... ok , i'm not an intp , but ... i once had a cactus . it wasn't next to my computer . i took care of it , watered it very rarely like you're supposed to . i had this fondness for it , and it was tall and ... hmm ... it's not as clear cut . i love nature , and believe in its forces , but don't specifically follow any actual religious belief . if there is a god , i believe that ( s ) he is different from us , and ... hehe ... someone's got to do it ! i'm playing banjo , because i have a broken string on my guitar x_x . it's sooo loud , i'm not used to it ! :( yeah . it's easier for me to consider someone my friend , based on a connection that i found by looking for one . but i still crave one that is huge and very deeply felt . i hope you do . naps are amazing stress-relievers . sleep well . yeah , i don't use notes either , normally . i'm less comfortable when i do use them , and less comfortable when i really rehearse , like some other people here . i seem to do better just winging it , ... oh yes . well , toward the end of our friendship ( we're currently not talking ) , i believe i was trying to subconsciously show him the other side too , because he was seeing the thinking side . it's ... oh no ! it gives me more reason to not want to be a therapist ! ack ... for me , when i did it , it wasn't about the rules or anything either . it was the idea that i actually did that to someone . ohh ... i imagine flying too . sometimes i'm walking alone , and i feel a breeze . i stick out my arms , and imagine i'm being lifted by it . goodnight all . may each of you drift into pleasant other realities where the unbelievable is achievable , and return to this one refreshed . i was walking on the beach with a friend , and she had a baby jellyfish in her hand . i thought of myself as the jellyfish , imagining the feeling of something really large picking me up out of ... when i'm sad , i sit in the darkness and listen to music that validates my sadness . i guess people can say that it's wallowing in it . but sometimes , i try to pull myself out of it , distract myself . plan . out alone on darkened streets with broken shadows : come for me . empty promises , broken connections - - all that's left '