hmm ok well today we had a new person at work . the senior carer comes back and asks where shes gone . i just say casually : oh yeah , i told her she was useless and she went away . senior carer : what ? ... because it wanted to and no cars or rules about jaywalking will stop it ! yeah , every time my dad is out at the car fixing it up guys always come up asking how he learnt how to do it and what is he doing now ? etc he hates it cos hes just trying to get on with what hes ... its still sunday ( well it is here dunno about you ) . you said you have just given her a lot of info so give her some time to digest it . its a good sign that she is communicating her feelings towards you like that and another good sign that she got back in contact after needing space . the fact that you obviously didn't react by ... ok , i'll try and sort the mess . : tongue : basically you're in her country now but before you leave you want to hear that she is committed to being in a long distance relationship with you ? but you've ... as far as i can see the problem is not with the istp but with the fact you're worried she isn't genuine and might suddenly try and get back at you for treating her badly in the past . you need to work ... i have an intp friend . from hanging out together with friends the most noticeable difference i've seen between us seems to be that he analyses things as they happen whereas the majority of my ... i only know an intp but we get along pretty well . our interaction is like a weird mirror we'll do things at the same time or if i'm thinking something he'll say it before me . its very strange but ... when i was younger i had a girl ask me if i was a girl or a boy too haha i normally wear t-shirt and jeans with leather jacket . tiny amount of make - up . i get on with boys and girls about equal ... get lost and not even know where the place i'm going to is , whilst on a loose time limit to get there . its been one of those days ... :d ry : the amount of energy and focus you get is pretty amazing ... dear intp , i'm enjoying the mind games . you've won this round but i'll get you next time ! all the best , your istp friend i can't believe how quickly they've spread . they're getting pretty close to me now . with my age and the fact i want to be a police officer its safer not to carry them . sadly you're not allowed to carry them outside in the uk . i have two next to my bed but they're nothing special . if i need to cut anything when i'm out i use my nails , keys and teeth ! :-P when you become an announcer of the interesting things around you to your group because no-one else spots them . well i could be mistaken as an extrovert when i'm with my close friends but you can definitely see the difference from how i act with them to how i am normally . well stop it ! you're annoying the teachers : tongue : yeah , normally consciously mirroring someone doesn't work it can actually break rapport . i remember reading about this weird nlp guy during an interview who copied every single one of the ... happy . it allows me to express my gratitude without sounding incredibly false so yeah me drunk is pretty good . i'm normally the one who looks after the ones who've drank too much . i used to hate ... may have accidentally done this today . i gave blood recently and i haven't been getting enough iron . that plus lack of sleep stopped my normal social face from working . my teacher asked me what i ... i take it out with me but i mainly use it to check the time . but yeah there have been times when i hate having it . i'm a student and it amazes me how dependant other students are on their phones ... family : i'm at ease and happy normally . my dads an istp which helps . close friends : at ease and happy ! haha i'm a lot more social and expressive with them . i'm actually considered the joker of the ... i can do quite a few accents its fun : happy : and i do pick up verbal mannerisms of those around me which is quite irritating because i spend most of my time at college with people who try to sound ... lock pick club ? ! thats so cool wish i could learn that . ' that doors locked ' ' oh yeah ? ' : wink : http://i1129.photobucket.com/albums/m503/Bunting007/WooYeahmewithabbgun.jpg?t=1300160744 have a stereotypical istp girl pic . :-P the guns just an old bb gun the real ones are illegal here once a week - once every 2 weeks with my friendship group usually at the pub . used to be definite meet up but we're all at different education / jobs now . http://i1129.photobucket.com/albums/m503/Bunting007/060.jpg?t=1299023802 me with my new hair . i watched some of it and the videos basically just talking about zen . we are all connected if you think about it . i like zen it calms me down . but i'm an agnostic atheist :-P we can never truly know ... never been . my friends want me to go if they organise it once in a while but it sounds like my version of hell . music so loud you can't talk , i don't dance so can't do that and i'd probably see some ... 18 , london i know one istj . hes really smart when it comes to education and stuff ( he goes to oxford university ) but hes pretty arrogant and i get the sense he sort of looks down on other people . he acts really ... i'm definitely a night person can't really fall asleep before 2-3 am . i'd prefer to be a morning person on weekdays because then i wouldn't be so knackered all the time . i like it at night though its ... me and my dad get like this sometimes.him most of the time usually when he wants space , is hungry , tired or i've pissed him off . we very rarely apologise to each other in words after these sorts of ... surrealism because it looks strange clarifiedmind was spot on tomorrow morning ugh . charts don't seem to work for me too well so have categorised it , written skeleton answers for 1st q and am now writing it out a lot in highlighters cos bright colours are cool ... haha my infp friend manages to trip over things when shes barely even moving . its great though gives me a good laugh : laughing : thanks guys . i did exams that were kind've like these last year but i can't remember how i did it .. weird but at least i'm getting on with it at last ! hey guys . do you have any tips for revision and getting the info to stay in my head ? have a law exam on thursday . have to remember cases , the type of law , their principles , critical points and how ... some are coming back to me now . aged 4 i decided to ride my bicycle down the concrete stairs in the communal close . managed to put my tooth through my lip . scared the hell outta my mum with that one ... some scientists did an experiment and found out that swearing actually reduces the pain you feel . i use this argument every time my dad tells me off for swearing when in pain : tongue : my parents always told me i was very calm and only ever had one two tantrums . i wasn't the baby or kid screaming the place down basically : crazy : mum told me one time we were at some church club i ... i'm 18 and live in england . its 1st week back at college and all i seem to have done in free time is sleep and work ugh am in 2nd year of a levels doing history , english literature and language and ... college is so tiring and full of crazy annoying people that i usually just come home and flop . but free time usually muck about on computer and hang out with mates . at the pub when its cold and the ... i agree with what everyone else here has said . i know you're very strung up at the moment and the only thing you want to do is see her and explain but seriously just leave her for a while . get out ... my friends always used to hold my hands in the cold cos they were always warm : confused : haha i've got a big czech winter army coat now though and i'm so warm out there even on the bike : laughing : i have my bubblegum pink and weird multi-coloured lights on now . : tongue : i have a whole collection of cool lights haha think i might get some coloured contacts too that'd be amazing . i'm thinking ... haha i love that it says ' please not so fast ' underneath . for once i'm happy i took german : tongue : shh you're giving away our secrets : tongue :