' good point . i don't think anyone suggested it , but it's best avoided . he doesn't need the fishing exercise . here a few points / questions : can an average joe make it past semester 1 of a law ... - will be gone for a week . left you a pm regarding our previous conversation . when ... not if . why do you ask ? would you ask your boss that question ? if not , why ask it here ? your question also targets one of the most dominant social skill inadequacy characteristics of individuals ... you just made all bhuddist monks and nuns redundant . i need a woman who is kind , loving , and patience . and so does every other entj . the last thing we need is a spouse who mirrors back to us our emotional intelligence . no thanks :) an ... speaking from experience , here's a recent short book ( i own and have bought copies for several others including both my young daughters ) that's got a very useful tool in it that is disgustingly ... ---> poke in the eye ... what happens when there's fire in front , fire behind , fire below , fire above , fire to your left and fire to your right ? you're a fucking star shine on ;) fair enough , you've worked out you don't need it . you needn't use a hammer when a spanner will do . the isolation you experience is common enough and you'll learn to ignore it as under-stimulation ...  . buddy - please do yourself a favor and grab ( download ) a copy of this test . it's a reliable ( scientifically validated and proven ) test many psychs use in professional practice to ... i hope my post isn't too incoherent . nope , your post is clear enuf . at the risk of sounding too-obviously therapeutic ... emotions are very commonly externally caused . try and ... interesting comment / hazarded guess . i've had similar experience with technically incompetent and low self-esteem teachers , lecturers and professors myself . it's a problem often experienced by ... laguna i need some entj hormone injections i just snorted coffee at that one ! thanks for the laugh for the record i see nothing wrong with having nice toys - i've got my eyes on a lamborghini aventador and i mean to have it . it's important to actively make your money go around ( in this case , ... laguna ... interesting post . it's almost a law of business that you will get screwed over sometime and possibly three or more times . i've found it a useful learning experience , tho in one case it ... it may be relevant that i'm a single father ( mr mom and mr dad ) - and the above decision-making style is certainly the invention necessary for being and staying competent under those higher ... you seem less screwed up than just working your way through an apparent contradiction . money is an elephant . so this is one of your views : money is not a motivator for me in life any ... if you can meet 80 % of your social needs 100 % of the time you'd be doing pretty well . the last 20 % may be subject to the law of diminishing returns ( much greater effort required for much smaller ... how do you guys detect bs ? by the amount of trust they require . nice try . less this , more this sure . we would all like to be a bit more expansive . but that's a luxury a person ' in command ' / with strong task-leadership skills can't afford if they are to stay competent at their job . it's ... lyricalwhip sometimes i'm not trying to stretch and grow ... that shit is painful ... you could play with him , of course . ask him for a smart solution to making that stuff easier - lol ;) kudos for noting the bitchiness of apparently entj women . it's amusing , isn't it . maybe just take it as a useful reminder that iq has little to do with personality type and statistically ( on the ... interesting post . i've have had a few female friends express the same predicament about me . it might help to remember we are depth-attenders to the most relevant challenge at the ... i tried to be reasonable with this guy already ; do you mean the time when he first told you / went off about your car alarm ? msbossypants - and thanks for the fix :) i'm speaking from my own successful experience of several ( equally and more heated ) misunderstandings . it's a man to man unwritten rule respect thing . only a fool takes a stick ( in this case , ... you could also shorten the odds by talking to him man to man . and yes , it will take him by surprise ... but it is usually most effective at achieving faster ( in less than 5 minutes ) peace of mind for ... people talk shit when they are angry / stressed . fix your car alarm and you'll probably find the problem goes away . give it 3 weeks . since habits ( eg . his being angered by your crappy alarm ) change ... this is all i have to say on the matter . let me contradict myself for a minute . you might want to recall that on any given day behavioral atmospheric statistics support that : 1 . 20 % of the ... wake up buddy . here's the point : random thoughts , tangents etc ! there's a minority of people that seem to mistake friendliness for some sort of weakness which is an absurdity that i cannot begin to comprehend . i've never encountered it . there are perhaps ... small-p poetry : 1 . subjective ( versus inter-subjective ) 2 . self-focused or indulgently and repetitively self-referent ( i-me-my over-autobiographical syndrome ) 3 . expressing a banal personal ... it's amusing and irritating watching the dating / mating pickle of single entj and high-achieving women . i'm thinking of those i know offline . successful enough but can't quite get their shit ... you do realize the main male character is an entj lol i doubt there'd be any / enough time to get work done . it might be like eating rice every night . different color , different shape , same old . mnis ... are you implying you never evolved beyond creating ' small-p ' poetry ? i'd imagine that would be rather trite , best abandoned . to : a space whale : i've been thinking about my post above today , and i agree with you . i also think it's a technological problem into the bargain . for one , i'm quite certain i've personally given ... if the first mass-produced robot isn't a cleaning robot ... for one , i think the shame-and-be-damned approach of wiki leaks is immoral and foolhardy . that is , it excludes those whom it is apparently trying to help by attempting to ' forcibly reform ' by turning ... tell us what you are good at , what you can do . make a connection between 2 things that may not be evident . tell us what you think , drop the word feel . ask us what we think about a practical ... in general , incompetent ' experts ' . of those listed , i use this one ( only ): the super-intellectual variant - becoming cold and distant - showing no emotion to others - shutting down feelings and increasing factual analysis i ... hi gandalf , yes i've written a few ( 20 + ) , and songs ( 10 + ) in various genres - mainly for specific ( commercial project use ) purposes . not being able to find where to buy another pair of my favorite shoes ( suede brogues ) despite over 7 + hrs searching on google hmm , this is an old thread so i'd guess the issue ( for everso ) is resolved . if not , i'd happy to add something more constructive ( methods ) based on my own experience ;) in particular , i don't ... * entj * ... said deng xiaoping , as he destroyed communism with 5 words he'd mulled a month over : to be rich is glorious one mental breath , that does it , 5 words , max . i'm as good as churchill , he thought '