' like zippy , i err between agnostic and pantheist as well . i'm a biology grad student . after years of immersion in that , years of accumulating information , you can't help but marvel at the ... i'm not sure i see the issue with just asking if she has a boyfriend or if she's single . it's really not that awkward if you're casual about it . yeah , it's obvious , but so what ? if she's single , ... i'm a female entp dating a male intj . intj is probably my best match . i think we just relate to each other really well , and also compliment each other well . they are more organized and structured , ... i'm with an intj and its by far the most natural relationship i've had . any communication problems come not from type , but maturity and proper development of fe / fi . despite being cold , hard ... taking a programming class , learning c + + and having an issue with a very simple program involving a for loop . i think the issue is with the counter . it compiles fine , it just doesn't do what i want ... i had this problem as well . i was picking things i didn't fully agree with because i had to ... i don't see some issues as either black or white the way the quiz presented it . generally i consider ... i got the same thing . post-modern . i tend to get annoyed / bored in the long run , though i agree they can be quite interesting and cute . gotta have my nt though for the long term . sometimes i wonder if a male entp with a female infj is a better match than a female entp with a male infj . idk . seems like most of the entp girls here swoon over intj's , including myself . haha i think i ran into another entp on omegle once . we were both trolling each other and ended up having a whacky conversation about time machines . i just accept the things i cannot change for what they are . death is a part of life ... i wouldn't necessarily call it bad . it just unknown and mysterious , which can make it a bit frightening ... not to ... icu i didn't catch how long you've known him , but you can probably bring up deeper topics if you wish , if you feel comfortable doing so . any nt will thrive off conversations like that . just be aware ... i just think its stupid . i have better ways to spend money than on a $ 5 pack of cigarettes . if you like him , go for it . i dated an infj , but have found better compatibility and an amazing connection with an intj . we also have 5 years difference ... i'm 21 , he's 26 . but honestly , if it ... its hard to tell with politicians anyway because they lie and are manipulative . his speeches and desires may not reflect his actual take on the matter one bit , its just what sounds good and appeals ... i finally found me an intj . yep , gonna make pretty much every female entp on here jealous . my intj is a sweet jerk , it's very cute : tongue : what would it take for an intj to get super emotionally attached to someone in a romantic fashion ? a certain kind of person that just clicks with you immediately or spending a lot of time with one ... well , you do use all 8 functions . you may be ne dominant , but the more mature you become , the better you are able to use other functions and appreciate them and see the value in using them . so that ... well if she's not interested in the theory , you can't force her into it . it's generally nf temperaments that try to use the theory to find themselves or discover themselves . to most nt's , its a ... thanks guys : happy : dear dog enthusiasts of the world , particularly those who post on dog forums , it is not my responsibility to make sure my neighbors crap doesn't get destroyed by my dogs if it finds its way into ... just laugh it off usually or make fun of myself . sounds pretty much like me . i'm very picky and have high standards . and once i get comfortable with somebody , i'm very loyal . you must be special though because not many people get to see that ... my suggestion is to first ditch the stereotypes , then look at functions . no , j's aren't always organized and yes , t's can be emotional too , and not just during that time of the month . enfp ... i think for me , it's necessary that somebody recognize their error . so i'm sorry , i shouldn't have ... or i'm sorry , i was a total jerk . just own up to what you did and take responsibility for it ... none / other . i'm more or less libertarian . nt's feel just as much as every other type does . they just don't often place a lot of importance on it and / or know how to process what they feel . it's generally a naive individual that expects other ... i'm good at visual / spatial things . whenever i go somewhere new , i never take a map with me . i just study it for a couple minutes and memorize it and then go and i get there fine . sorta goes hand in ... nothing like perpetuating the stereotype i guess . i was bad at algebra . i had to take algebra 2 three times . twice in highschool , then in college i got put in a remedial math class which was algebra 2 all over again . but i took a calculus ... some would describe me as a jack of all trades . and i guess that's sort of true . but mostly i stick to science , which is my natural subject . although it's a broad subject so i guess we have a jack ... entp's do tend to be optimists . i'm probably more cynical than idealistic , but i do like it when people are happy . but either way , just because you do something that might not be stereotypically ... ah just what the entp forum needs , another thread bragging about ourselves . yeah , that's definitely important . boundaries must be set in any relationship , especially in a marriage . 1 ) the ends . i might have fun with the means , but the end is definitely more important . 2 ) my biggest flaw : my difficulty in getting close to people and trusting people . especially when it comes ... you know , honestly , i think instead of trying to be a guy , or be a girl , just be yourself . the most important thing when it comes to being treated how you want to be treated by your guy friends ... i think there may be less of a difference if little girls and little boys weren't conditioned into certain rolls by their parents . you still have hormones , which will have an effect that cannot be ... youngest of 3 , but we have such large age gaps that i've never even met my oldest brother and the brother closest to me in age left to college when i was 4 . so it's more like i'm an only child . if somebody seriously criticizes you for being too intelligent , then obviously the issue is with their insecurity , not your iq . find new friends . it can sometimes be hard for me to make friends because my interests tend to be pretty far out there and most people i meet tend to be shallow and care about things i think are stupid . but i do have ... i'm actually pretty laid back . i don't feel the need to debate all the time and if somebody verbally abuses me , i'm more likely to just roll my eyes and walk out of the room and leave them to yell ... fail . entp has fe as a tertiary . that happens with me and intp's . i've met a couple and never felt much of a connection with them . we get along really well and we relate to each other and think similarly , but the intp guys i've met ... are you getting a bs or ba ? my nephew wants to get into psych research and apparently not many schools offered the bs in psych . ba is more common as it deals with counseling / therapy . i'm in science . you are not likely to get very far in the field of science without at least a bs ; the average salary goes up as education level does . it's only going to be a waste if you get a degree ... really , i think maturity overall is a development of not just the functions in the line up , but the other 16 too . we use them all and they're all important in daily functioning . in a mature entp , ... yeah looking at his room and comparing it to mine ... i think hiring a maid would be in our best interest if we lived together : but i think of the two of us , i'm the one with the most self discipline ... yeah i don't really post on perc much because there is a lot of immaturity and typism , i think my irl experiences with different types have been better than what i encounter here . it is the ... it could just be a you thing ! just because it's not a typical entp thing doesn't mean you're fucked up : tongue : we all have our quirks . and i do think we sort of change to a degree based on ... a lot of entp's are enneagram type 7 ' s . 7 ' s tend to be very centered around physical pleasure and self gratification . there may be a connection there . '