' you're fucking mental . night owl . i've adopted a normal sleeping pattern as of late , though . also , i'm virgin . my grandmother is an isfj . she's great , but she also can get on my last nerves with nagging and her conservative ( not political ) thinking . i don't know how i'll be able to handle that with a ... well , i should probably change my type thingamajig because i'm certain that i'm an xntp ( leaning entp ) . i had an esfj girlfriend at one point and she hated everything that you love about ti . every . thing . maybe if she was enfj she would have enjoyed me more . shut down function is fucking annoying ... how have i not seen real genius ? an 80s sci-fi comedy and i haven't seen it ? ! i'm a disgrace . i do debate for debate sake , but it starts out as me attempting to get a point across to some peon ... i'm perfectly fine with being in a meaningless relationship . not interested . i want to have fun , that's about it . cool profile picture . i'm fond of blondie . one glaring ntp trait i possess is my willingness to debate . incessantly debate . i can somewhat relate to the ne brainstorming thing . and the two times i've taken the test i was either barely sensing ... this would be so easier if there was like an island filled with ixtp girls . too bad themyscira isn't real . wonder woman reference . i have plenty of bars . what would you do for a klondike ? i'd say i'm open-minded towards hauntings being legitimate . i spent a year alternating between researching supernatural phenomena , ufo ... i have an inquire regarding your soundcloud . you got bars ? ! know anyone interested in following up on ufo sightings and exploring haunted areas ? that's what i was thinking to myself . i need an istp girlfriend probably lol i think i'm looking at it from the perspective of i will be with that girl because i'm bored , but if it did evolve into ... i couldn't find semen bucket on urban dictionary . semen bucket is funny . distasteful , but hilarious . and i don't know if it runs that deep . it might , but i doubt it . i don't think i've entered a state of numbness . i'm just fucking bored and want ... maybe i'm using the wrong words . i'm not into long , introspective analysis about what i want . it's dreary , perhaps even boring to do that . all i need for right now is some girl that i can have ... i'm bored with being alone and not being able to do shit with anyone . i just want to share my hobbies with someone else . maybe get into a little bit of trouble . i'll admit that it's partially about sex . the rest is about companionship if i'm being serious for a moment . i have three friends . one lives in another state , one lives in another country and the ... lol victim i'd want to be with someone as detached as i am that way this explaining stuff doesn't have to happen . i tried this with an intj girl before , but she still ended up being too much of a ... meh . it might be selfish , but i don't really care . i would hope a girl wouldn't expect too much out of me anyway . i get along with my one isfp friend well enough . we get by on banter and making music together . never had a real bad argument with him before . probably because we don't speak often . the infps ... maybe it's a bullshit question . maybe it's not . most likely it is . i'm just bored as shit and dare i say ... lonely . i'm thinking maybe i need to enter into the dating world , something i've never ... was friends with a bunch of xnfps as well . all ended terribly . i only have three friends . an intj , istj and an isfp . wish i hung around more tps . neil degrasse tyson is an entp if there ever was one . i used to follow like 20-50 people who would bring up cis scum every hour on the hour and i would sit there thinking , what in the actual fuck is cis scum ? . honestly , i thought at first cis was ... i wonder . just judging from my posts on here would you think i was an xntp ? this thread seems to always be active so i'm gonna ask here . i might get a decent answer . i think that post did a nice job of painting how shitty people can be when their si is complete garbage . twitter is a good place for debating if you're into that . but i understand . archived things ... that post is fucking hilarious . blue was the color of the smurf doll i had that got ruined in the wash . i implore you to deactivate . i finally did . twitter is way better . lmao . response of the decade . no hyperbole . estj for ana ? i know a bit about the history of hung ga . classic folklore stuff . the fist techniques . never heard of plum flower fist before , but i guess that's because i haven't studied chinese martial arts ... also , i don't know if i responded to your visitor message the right way since i've never gotten one before lol . yep , big downside to krav maga , and especially hung ga , is it's way harder to find schools for that . they probably cost a fortune to attend too . from what i've learned , boxing is like dirt cheap when ... i learned about hung ga when i was researching close combat fighting techniques . teach me everything you know . you ever thought about krav maga ? hung ga ? you've described exactly why i hate running . it's the most boring of all cardio and exercise in general . jumping rope is okay , but that also can get a bit too repetitive . weightlifting is something ... it's hard for me to listen to music while training . it's like a huge distraction for me as i want to be in the zone with zero distractions . i'd rather be riding around outside than sitting in the house using one of those stationary bikes . i might have to borrow a bike if you know what i mean . i need to try something because i've been pushing my luck with my weight and eating habits as of late . i want to get myself down to 196 lbs . but i don't have the urgency to do so . there's gotta be ... bold is what i wholeheartedly agree with . i don't sit around buying into every conspiracy theory , but it's because the logic behind them didn't line up and not because it's just bullshit so why ... this thread is old , but i don't care . i would date the living fuck out of michelle rodriguez . well , if you think you're unhealthy you should get that fixed , mate . yeah , like that far right chick communismkills . i only brought up hitler as a reference to the other person's infj comment . references are my thing . you would also bash someone's face in if they tried physically harming a dog ( or any animal ) ? please join me in a life full of vigilante justice . and yeah i finally stopped being lazy and ... you've summed up how i would answer this question . i never get to meet other sps on tumblr . i did follow one girl who was estp , but we never interacted . maybe there are a bunch of hitlers on tumblr , though . far left hitlers . that's probably what i'm going to do . i'd prefer to be on a bike than driving a car . i don't have a license at all . never felt like i needed one because i can get to places i need to on foot , but i've been contemplating getting a motorcycle license . do any of you have a motorcycle ... '