' haha i'm not your sister , but she sounds awesome xd it's good to know that i'm not the only person who does that ! pinkie pie : enfp twilight : intj fluttershy : isfp applejack : estj rainbow dash : estp rarity : enfj spike : isfp luna : infp celestia : entj ? cadence : esfj i'm really tired . also i'm procrastinating my homework . i hate group projects . my group is filled with stjs who think i'm a lazy idiot . i probably am a lazy idiot . now i feel guilty for ... dear istp , stop getting so annoyed when i make up words . - infp i don't think you can . but i typed my cats as infj and esfp . so maybe you can to a certain extent . i / e is pretty easy to figure out with pets . so is p / j . but you can't really figure out the cognitive ... i fail at drawing / sketching / painting even though i always have really interesting ideas , but i can't show anyone because of that . i'm not very pretty , i blend in . all of my friends get better grades ... my least favorite type is istj . but they are very practical , down to earth , and are very loving and loyal friends . i can't really fully hate a type . i have two istj friends who are amazing , but i ... my tritype is 479 , but i border on enfp . most infp are actually 459 . my first guess is enfj . but we will never know . intuitive : she really doesn't like him . sensor : did she tell you that ? intuitive : umm . no ? sensor : than how can you say that ? intuitive : because ... reasons ? sensor : * rolls eyes * two days ... i think you are a 549 . it isn't possible to have a 5 and 7 . instead of focusing on tests you should probably try reading all the descriptions and figuring out which ones fit you best . then once you ... so i'm guessing that the most common for infps will be 459 or something like that . but anyways i'm a 479 . if your tritype isn't in the poll then make sure to say what it is , there are 27 tritypes and ... mom : infj dad : estj brother : istx me : infp now for the rest of my relatives ( all on my dads side ) cousin : isfj other cousin : estj aunt ( cousins mom ) : entj i agree , i prefer for other people to start conversations and keep them going . so most of my friends end up being extroverted . i don't know if anyone has made a thread like this before , but what would you type the characters from psych ? shawn : entp or possibly but less likely estp . gus : esfj jules : estj lassider : istj ... fe is more focused on external values , tends to focus more on how the people around them feel . fi is more focused on internal values and how they feel about the people around them . i know i am more ... i'm infp and i'm not emotionally unstable , emo , depressed , or socially deprived . :p roud : i feel the lack of communication as well . my dad is an estj , and i'm infp . we are opposite types so we have completely different perspectives . he thinks i'm being rude when i'm actually just being ... it's feel a little hurt when people say crap to me , but actions speak louder than words . so if somebody does something to hurt me i will be upset . no , i'm way to messy and indecisive to be a j , i'm definitely nfp . im more fi , according the tests i've taken . i think i might be extroverted though . so lately i've been testing as less of an introvert , and yesterday one test said i was an extrovert . i've always sort of wished i was extroverted , but i was so convinced that i was infp . i'm still ... i feel offended because the description was pretty inaccurate . i am relatively adventurous , not depressed , i don't hate myself , and i love philosophical discussions . socially unskilled , unable to ... out of all the types , istj is the only one that fits . i have attempted to type him multiple times and none of the other ones make any sense . also he has every other istj habit and i have forced him ... for the most part i agree , but rainbow dash is an extrovert . my older brother who is in high school is definitely istj . except from what i've read sj's are supposed to respect authority , which he does , but he is a bit rebellious . for example in middle school ... don't . she constantly feels the need to text . i hate texting and i feel guilty when i don't text back . also , i still see her at school . she's a good person and all , but our friendship is best during ... i have a very close esfj friend . i deal with her by not seeing her very often , but her being very extroverted that is hard . she doesn't understand that i get tired of people , or pretty much anything ... in the beginning of the movie she sort of just goes around town reading and doing whatever she feels like doing . she wants adventure , and is tired of her life being so predictable . she doesn't really ... the fact she was not held hostage by choice does not make her j . also , she found the good in the beast rather than just deciding that he was evil which seems much more p . how is belle j exactly ? she seems to be even more infp than i am . i agree with you about the beast though . i'm having troubles typing one of my friends . every time i think i have her typed she says something completely contradictory to what i thought . okay so here are a few things about her . - she ... in general sj's are good people . my brother is an istj , my dad is estj , and my close friend is esfj . they have a lot of annoying habits , but i do like them in general . 9th - enfj 10th - infp 11th - enfp rose - exfp dalek - istj i'm not great at typing but this is what i came up with . also i think the doctor is a feeler because he almost always finds a way to do ... as an nf i do tend to use swear words more than i should . i've been looking at the forums a while so i just thought i would start to participate . '