' in most cases i find the unmodified image to bear the likeness of a more attractive woman than the modified images . not wow orcish , but i know tolkien's poetry in elvish and the black speech of mordor . jag skrev att ordet är fornnordiska , som betyder odödas herre ( lord of the undead ) . en mycket vackert ord från en vackert språk ! svenska är också en bra mål , men inte så förtjusande som gammal ... i've never liked the slippery slope fallacy . sure , it is often outrageous to assume that , if one thing happens , then something worse is to follow , but such assumptions are not always wrong . where did you find that story ? phantasmagorian chthonian legendarium hypnagogia and , in old norse : draugadróttinn tell them you're not interested . that works with most of the proselytizers i know . however , i kinda agree with penn when it comes to proselytization : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZhG-tkQ_Q2w to a number of individuals have i been compared . some people have called me adolf hitler ( for reasons i can't fathom , i'm quite the libertarian ) , others , more recently due to the television show , ... hyperbole was common in my school , i think . guesses at the number of languages i knew ranged from four to twenty , and teachers openly praised my brilliance . i recall one time a teacher asked the ... i cannot recommend swedish metal highly enough ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oDPOP0S0-iM http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zv7WbOBCzKI&feature=mfu_in_order&list=UL to know everything is to be successful . i shan't ever know everything , as hard as i may try , therefore i mayn't ever have a sense of personal success , unless this belief of success is ever to change . i really like my idea . i may just have to look into creating my own forum . and does profanity really matter that much ? i'm game . if there is something to be learned - no matter how little the likelihood of me ever using a language like croatian - i will not refuse it . i'm a huge fan of descartes , yet haven't the faintest notion of how to guess a long-dead person's type , not that any guess would be in any way accurate . still , it would be fun to see to which type ... moments ago i made a post ( http://personalitycafe.com/support-suggestions/82532-forum-expansion.html ) suggesting expansion into the field of language sharing and acquisition . to help my case i would ... i realize that i am relatively new here , but i was taken aback by many of the responses in the penultimate poll ( the one regarding language proficiency ) . this forum appears to have transcended its ... i think intj . i've thought so ever since before the day i met him . dante , too ; i can't stand most of the english translations i've browsed . min svenska är inte stark , men jag förstå att läsa väl . efter ett månad , jag har ett vokabulär av om 2.000 ( eller mer ) ord . etymologiae in latin , mio min mio in swedish , aus einer tasche in die andere in german , eyrbyggja saga in old norse , and foucault's pendulum in english . i'd hate to be restricted to just one language ! i just finished what has become a personal favorite of mine . the danish film hævnen ( in a better world ) is the best danish film i've seen yet , and i've never seen a bad danish film ( best cinema in ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JsqSNIR5DsU&feature=related house of vaginas one flew over the vagina's nest a dangerous vagina vagina most foul dog day vagina vagina talk lord of the vagina true vaginas conan the vagina kindergarten vagina i absolutely refuse to be deceptive . if i am engaged in debate , i will inform the person with whom i am debating of additional information to help its case . i will be nothing less than honest and ... i wonder if the translator is responsible for the complexities in sentence structure . often one hears people wonder at the brilliance of eco , but , whilst he surely is a very learnèd man , the ... i had been reading a lot lately about umberto eco and , yesterday , finally decided to tackle what may be one of the most complicated english-language reads of my life . i'm no stranger to qabalah and ... i am afraid that i cannot accommodate any of your inquiries . i have been mostly without music for several years and , quite well versed in previous days , i've forgotten most of what i once knew ... yes . beauty . romantic . felix mendelssohn , brahms , paganini , rachmaninoff , van beethoven . occasional glam metal and american songbook . fluency , unfortunately , is not something which is easily come by solely from books . i am competent in at least half a dozen languages ( depending , of course , entirely on how you define competent ; ... 1 . british empire . 2 . roman empire 3 . ottoman empire 4 . mongol empire 5 . chinese empire . pillow talk is a personal favorite of mine . i'm not sure that i ought to be doing this , being new to this site and all , but i must . i know lots of such someones . funny , though , only i seem to notice it . looking through the responses on the first few pages , i can only say that not a one of you must ever have seen cheerleader autopsy . it tasks me even to reveal this title , for the film was so ... '