' killer queen - queen catcher in the rye , as of right now . about 3/4 of the way through . i was going on an orv ride today . so i went a few towns over to a lake and there were lots of people walking around the lake . so i went a little slower and was dodging people who were walking . i got ... we use our mouths to eat and talk . two completely different things . while our feet on the other hand just help us balance for standing and walking . and another example , our eyes , help us take in ... forest . victorian houses or cottages ? i'm feeling physically drained and in need of the sun . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fJ9rUzIMcZQ i would like to live 1000 miles away from everything . 640330 maybe something like this . i wouldn't want much for this small house . just a comfy mattress for bed , dresser with clothes , a small ... tummy pains . : rolleyes : 1 . those types of people who always have to fill silence-and when they can't think of anything to say they say something negative about someone . ( i don't care if this doesn't make sense , it makes ... hm ! i will do some reflecting on this actually . thank you for that . toast . dreamt it was wednesday , woke up to find it was friday ! i'm watch ahs : coven . always one i'll never get tired of . a quarter lbs burger w lettuce and cheese . the theory of everything all time low - jon bellion little women by louisa may alcott back in ninth grade i had to take this test for a class and it came up infp - t . then a few times after that , it came up infj - t . i've read a lot about both of them and i can't really decide ... right now , my biggest priority is still about germany . traveling , learning the language , meeting people online from there . it is , to me , a lot of fun . i think it's exciting . and since it's something ... american horror story - coven ( rewatching ... again . ) sometimes i'm driving in a city , 25 + miles away from my own and when i look out the window i always get this weird sensation and think wow these people live here , like i am just driving through but ... guards . coincidence always . brown or white rice ? i smile a lot . some small laughs . get really chatty or really quiet and there's no in between . i get lots of energy in the moment , when i'm usually very unrested . in the moment i also usually ... kong : skull island the lego batman movie pirates of the caribbean : dead men tell no tales despicable me 3 get out the theory of everything . this was so moving and very intriguing . i enjoyed it . the memorable parts were sad for me though . i keep ( for the past week and a half ) having the scary dream of : someone's in my home and going throughout the house , fast forward , either they stand in the doorway and watch me sleep or i end up ... i wish i could get rid of these daily migraines from six months ago . :) physical pain and slightly worrisome . disrespected and upset . i wish i could stop eating the cookies from the bakery , i bought today . the run and go - twenty one pilots talks alt / indie instrumental is always soothing too . i don't have a bunch , and not in any order : tøp melanie martinez queen hollywood vampires and that's really it . i actually have quite a few of these ( more than 50 ) at home , bookshelf or whatnot but have only read 6 so far . i'm getting excited to read them just thinking about it omg . ( not in any order . ) easy a bring it on princess diaries the breakfast club sixteen candles 10 things i hate about you crybaby john tucker must die ... hush , not the storyline itself is terrifying , but the thought someone could be outside your house with weapons , you're deaf & alone and just trying to eat some damn dinner , is enough to make me ... eli from along for the ride - sarah dessen isfp https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t99KH0TR-J4 survive the night by danielle vega & out of control by sarah alderson sweeney todd kinda funny if you turn parts that aren't supposed to be funny into something hilarious . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lvAzzDCQYtQ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lvAzzDCQYtQ troop . i wish i could be a better person . i tend to go for introverts mostly . infj with humor never fail to make me crazy . :p roud : garlic bread sticks . i'm thinking about the things i need to get done this weekend . and coming up with things to do ... '