' a ) iphone 6 plus b ) left hand , using thumb to touch screen c ) important calls and texts only , not to chat . primarily games , email , web , and camera . d ) every few hours , it's not a constant thing ... i ignore most minor problems unless they become bigger issues , because when i do confront people , i tend to overdo it ... whoever made that poll obviously isn't a real intp . :p roud : you are different from me in that i love debate , and the only stations i ever play in my car is talk radio . 1 . if a girl sleeps with you on the first date / a guy tries to sleep with you on a first date , for instance , do you put him / her in a not girlfriend material / sleazy box or lose interest in him / her ? ... depends on how drunk we're talking about . for me , it's like this : stage 1 : a nice buzz . i feel all warm and fuzzy inside . i feel a little more in touch with my emotions , especially the happy ones ... does he play second life ? there are a lot of cat girls on there . i personally tend to agree with your viewpoint . it makes much more sense to me . if only more people would actually read this and truly understand it ... virtual particle production is a natural outcome of the uncertainty principle of quantum mechanics . this principle states , in part , that quantum fluctuations in the universe ’ s space-time fabric will ... does the natural realm encompass all space , time , matter , energy , and the physical laws associated with this universe ? if so , how is it an odd assumption to make that what created the big bang is ... are trees a subset of the universe ? yes . they are natural - not supernatural . is the cause of the big bang a subset of the universe ? interestingly , it appears that many multiverse models ... either the universe had a beginning , or the universe has always existed . if the universe had a beginning , then you would have to get into the subject of something out of nothing vs something out ... i am a heterosexual male and have never been attracted to the same sex . i'm an intp male . i took the test and here is my results : considerate inventor confidence - 46 openness - 46 extroversion - 10 empathy - 60 trust in others - 56 agency - 60 maybe - if god was constrained by time and space . however , if the big bang was the beginning of time and space , and god was the cause of the big bang , then the idea of god existing for eternity from ... 34 male . heavy drinker and smokes about a pack of cigarettes a day . experimented with drugs in late teens / early twenties . the reason i like people who aren't afraid to state their opinions bluntly is because i don't want to be surrounded by a bunch of conformists who will change their opinions based on whoever they're ... being wiped out of existence would be an ultimate punishment to me ... i'm only in my early thirties , but if i died tomorrow and was then cast into a state of eternal torture in flames , that would ... yes , you could allow finding out your personality type to mold you into what you perceive as limitations , and let them hold you down . or you could look at it as a way to determine your natural ... i think entpfemme makes a good point about this : do you consider this eternal fire to be literal and physical flames ? could eternal fire be symbolic for oblivion ? does god really sound like a ... there is nothing in the rules that says religious prophecy can't be talked about : http://personalitycafe.com/announcements/540-personality-cafe-forum-rules.html as for staying on topic , it seems ... entpfemme i am agnostic and very skeptical by nature , but leaning toward a belief in god based on what i personally perceive as evidence . so although i do not yet consider myself to be a ... http://youtu.be/xlE3rpRkPc8 i apologize . i didn't realize that you are gay , so my comment about acknowledging that jesus existing as a real historical figure challenging your own beliefs and worldview was not directed at your ... this guy has a kind of funny ( if not downright condescending , the guy speaking is an estp ) compare / contrast video of infp vs intp : http://youtu.be/zd5LHj2iL78 art is completely subjective . although i don't think the definition of art will change , the works of art that are esteemed will always change , since new people are born every day . each of them being ... in other words - - unless you were physically present to see a person with your own eyes , to hear their voice with your own ears , to touch their flesh with your own hands - - it takes a measure of ... i think the point of the op is that many people who do not believe jesus was the son of god , and that he really died and was resurrected , automatically assume that the man named jesus that the bible ... you made the claim that the translations of the dead sea scrolls is heavily debated by scholars as being misinterpreted . is this guy that claims jesus was on mushrooms your only source to back up ... can you provide some sources for the claim that the accuracy of the translations of the dead sea scrolls are in question by any reputable scholars ? i've never read anything about this and would ... no , all of the dead sea scrolls have been translated , which includes the complete book of isaiah , and many fragments from every book in the bible except esther . actually , the dead sea scrolls , which you brought up in one of your other posts , is mostly in hebrew . the dead sea scrolls are thought to be as old as 385 bce , and that link you shared about the masoretic text and the dead sea scrolls says : indeed , one of the most important contributions of the ... your position is duly noted , but you can refer to the first sentence in the op . sounds like what people talk about at book club meetings . not saying that the bible is fictitious , but it is possible for people to discuss the motives of fictional characters in fictional settings . that's why i've said several times to people that if this ... thanks , it feels good to be # 1 : wink : my interest tends to lean more toward philosophy , although science seems more interesting when i consider theories and the ' what ifs . ' sounds good . i'll make sure to do that . of course , if you're not interested in this topic , you could simply refrain from replying . a random thought when i was laying in bed last night : maybe the universe is like a giant clock . the earth rotates 360 degrees every 24 hours . the earth makes an approximately 360 day revolution ... okay , maybe i should have made the statement : assume the biblical narrative of creation in genesis is true where god blows the breath of life into the first man's nostrils , places him in a garden on ... you know , superstition is defined as the excessively credulous belief in and reverence for supernatural beings . that's where my major disagreement with atheist evolutionists come in to play . all life comes from other life . biologists know that life cannot be formed from non-living physical matter . evolution ... i guess that's my problem . it is in my nature to try and figure out and make sense of things from my vantage point . i actually see logic in the theist point of view . the theist relies on evidence as well . you don't believe in an omniscient god , so you don't give weight to the same evidence to which a theist gives ... uh oh , here comes the atheist vs believer talk ... it's gettin ' real up in here ! then why would god confound our language at the tower of babel saying , “ if as one people speaking the same language they have begun to do this , then nothing they plan to do will be impossible for ... all respect intended , the purpose of this thread is to provoke you to think outside the box instead of what your authority figures have told you to believe . note : i apologize , guys . as an ... playing devil's advocate ( no pun intended ): assuming that the first law of thermodynamics applies to god as well , then this might have something to do with the big bang . thank you for being game to the discussion as an atheist . i am personally agnostic . i would like to believe in god , but am very skeptical by nature . yet , i personally observe what appears to me to be ... you're both on the same page with me here , but from two completely different perspectives . very interesting , indeed . '