' let me give what advice i have , based on things i have learned myself . starting with the easiest one : work . doing what is asked of you is considered a bare minimum . if you can , try to be ... my quotes i live by : death before dishonor don't worry , be happy and : tis better to have loved and lost , than never to have loved at all i'm glad . your experience with a dysfunctional dad is very similar to my own , once i proved i could be self sufficient i did alright . just remind your dad that there's a consequence to every action , ... there definitely seems to be no real correlation between developmental disorders and other mental health concerns and personality type , except when being misdiagnosed . i thought that adhd was a ... i ran into my dream girl when i was training for my job in the us census . it will spring up on you somewhere unexpected . you can have this feeling with any girl , just stay true to your core ... breaking this into a new post : and another thing ! the manic pixie dream girl stereotype is seen as bad , but that style of person is good ! it's a compliment . here's my list of qualities that i was ... 500 days of summer is one of my favorite movies of all time . summer fits the manic pixie dream girl archetype , but not in a negative way . she's not there to make tom grow as a person , tom grows as a ... i'm in a long term relationship with another enfp , we've been dating for 3 years in april . things are going great ! we can both be overly emotional but we do it in different ways , and i've come to ... next / possible careers 0 network administrator it current career sales of nerd stuff past careers cold calling sales pants ! saviours of the universe ! that is my experience as well rachelinpa we are quick to arise emotions . we don't really feel things halfway . we either feel intense joy , intense sadness , intense anger , intense apathy ... you get the idea . not to say we're bipolar , we tend ... i am not a huge fan of texting , but i - am - a huge fan of communication via chat . i prefer having a full keyboard in front of me and a lot more data bandwidth to work with . i also disagree that ... yea , i did the same thing , with people who i feel confident around i can be much more open and jovial , but with someone i really am attracted to i get really embarrassed and overthink every step of ... this is actually a symptom of add / adhd as well . i ran a similar topic to this a long time ago as a poll , i was interested to see half to more than half of the enfps here do not identify as having ... my favorite emotion is abounding love and happiness . the feeling of being completely , madly , head over heels in love . the feeling of being fit to bursting with positive emotion , such that it leaks ... i have a miniature version of this relationship with my current gf , enfp / enfp . my t is very heavily developed ( i was convinced i was the traditional rational for the first 18 years of my life ) and ... 1 . before you came to this ' ere site - were you happy with your life ? did you think you were happy , but on reflection , probably weren't ? where would you be now if you hadn't discovered mbti ? i ... you know you're enfp when you have some major event happen , something that affects your entire day to a huge degree , and then you look back the next day and realize you were upset because you ran out ... i'd have to agree , hyperbole and extensive use of dramatic metaphor are both hallmarks of an enfp . another good thing to look at is if you think you're an nf or an sp more , they're opposites :D ... i am the crushinator ! i must crush the skulls of my enemies upon the field of battle ! topic title . more seriously , probably more of a girl thing than a guy thing , i don't really do it , but my ... i think the common thread is going to be escapism here . that's always been my way of dealing with crappy situations , stick my head in a book or play a video game , escape the situation . it ... business i would say is a bad pick for us . but marketing , that is a fantastic field for us . the reason regular business is a bad one for us is because a business lives or dies by it's logistical ... i always thought i was a typical logical thinker , i always prized logic and thinking of how to do things efficiently and logically . so while it was not a conscious effort for me , i suppose i can ... i like tigers ! rawr ! and sharks ! i pretty much stick with the same animals i liked as a little kid , because they're powerful and deadly . they sit at the top of the food chain rather ... i think enfps actually do have a tendency to get depressed , partly for the reasons moby outlined , but also just because we tend to be very all in when it comes to how we experience emotions . we ... when i get really comfortable in a situation , i am constantly worried that i'm overstepping my social bounds , but only after i stop and think about it . i worked at a job with a tight knit set of ... i love our logical argumental side , i think we use it for scientific / political / religious discussions as well . i do like the image of the nf pulling out the scientist glasses , taking a deep breath , ... enfp :D i'm a little rusty on the exact implementations of each , but this looked so fun i wanted to jump on the band wagon . cognitive functions : ne = > fi = > se = > ti = > si = > te = > ni = > fe ... i trend strongly towards being a rational , to the point that i find important some of the main rational measures of self worth , and have a tendency to always want to be the expert . i tend not to be ... moar was in reference to : http://mypetjawa.mu.nu/archives/MOAR.jpg ^ . ~ yes , our enfp negative side is part of ourselves we reject , and we are deeply fearful that we will be judged on this facet of our personality we don't like , and only show it to those who we are very ... wait ! you've hit something spot on with this thread ! it's something i've spent a ton of time thinking about , i used to fix arcade machines for a living , and having extremely under-developed ... what do you mean kind of ? it's completely sexy ! gah ! i know this thread is about stereotypes , but stop thinking every esfp is an enfp xd . i'm claiming tom : http://wondersinthedark.files.wordpress.com/2009/04/500days.jpg ( tom is on the ... i have thought about it a lot myself , and i actually came to the conclusion that we - don't - share our personal information with everyone , just our line for what is personal information is drawn much ... gah ! enough of your lies ! * runs into corner and cries * xd . i don't understand what it is that gives enfp guys the traits of really immature guys , ones who flit from relationship to relationship ... ah , i love how completely off topic we got in just 2 pages . i did want to chime in on the original topic though . we - do - have the power to be manipulative . if you disagree and get very ... ah aladdin . i identified with him so strongly that it was my favorite movie to watch 5 billion times as a kid . i felt like a diamond in the rough , i knew i was awesome , but no one else did , so ... in some ways it is much harder being a male enfp . the enfp quirks and personality traits fit much better into the societally accepted woman archetype rather than the male archetype . for example , ... awww , that is so enfp ! back at a previous job mostly populated with normal people , my department head came in with his wife ( they're both mid-late 20s , early 30s ) and introduced me , ... throw a shiny object in her general direction or shout squirrel ! and run away really fast > . > we enfps are very easily distracted . if it's only been a couple of weeks i wouldn't trip , she'll be ... i think your theory is debunked my friend xd thank you for taking the time to try and help me moby , i really find it awesome that you would go out of your way to do so . however , i am pretty happy with my social skills now , i can get along ... super stealth attack hugs ! * hugs ! * * drives by in a rainbow colored ice cream truck at 80 miles per hour and throws a huge cloud of happy enfp magical rainbow fairy dust out the window * don't worry be happy ! ! ! * drives away into ... wait what ? i'm not the only one who does this ? gods be praised ! it annoys people around me , but i like it , it's quirky . i can usually be found in the library , in the gaming store , or in front of my computer . if i'm out of the house it's usually to grab food at a restaurant or to visit a friend . if i'm going somewhere ... enfp ? smooth ? you crazy . maybe just because i'm a nerd enfp , i have never been smooth , and never probably will be . social awkwardness goes hand in hand with nerdiness , and i had both in spades ... zomg hercules ! god i loved that one . i didn't think it counted because it's greek mythology . did i mention i loved greek mythology to death ? cause i did . and i'm happy to have spurred such debate ... '