' i like the idea with the three types , so i am 5-4- 9 , with wings it gets complicated , 5w4 okay , 4w5 also obvious , but i still can't decide , if 9w8 or 9w1 . lol horses : tongue : on a serious note , i like both , cats for being independent assholes , dogs for being a lot more loyal than any human could ever be . interesting idea , i always thought , that males are more drawn to the rather analytical method , that is used for the dead languages . in my school , when i was a pupil , the teachers of dead languages ... i studied at a technical university , i know a lot of intps , one is female , that's probably the type of introverts , i know the most of . i also met my husband there , who is an intp . : happy : i currently know no other infj in person . but i admit , i assume , my father was one , too bad , that he died when i was only 13 years old . of the other types i know at least one of each . my close infp ... yes , very obsessive , but usually not about people . knowledge , hobbies , definite yes and then also not real people like musicians or actors . very rarely my obsession concentrates on a person , but ... i assume , the guy , i consider my first love was an infp . most likely my older daughter is an infp . the virtual people , i value the most happen to be three infps . they inspire me , make me a better ... 1 ) feelings ... those bitchy , disgusting things , that always show up , when they should stay away . i feel what others feel ( ugh ) , but even worse , when i feel my own feelings ( double ugh ) . because to be ... telepathy , teleportation , telekinesis please , don't make me decide . : blushed : but if i have to , then the order is already the key to the answer . i am fluent in english , my first language is german ( more or less , i am from austria ;) ) atm i am learning spanish , french , finnish and welsh . my spanish is advanced enough to read books , understand ... i don't know any infjs in real life , so i decided to register and hang out around here . and also to understand myself better . i am married to an intp , is this perfect ... nope . but is there such a thing as perfect ? restrospectively a feeler might have been better for me , but who knows . i had blueblack ( i'm a natural blonde ) , turquoise and all shades of red , when i was a teenager . in the last two years i had yellow , orange , red , all sorts of pink and violet shades , blue , green and ... on the celebrity types site listed : josh radnor and david schwimmer , please no , because those are for me the most disliked actors in tv shows , that i liked . but i might see a pattern here , i also ... i don't mask myself , but i show the aspect , that fits a group or certain situation . i am highly adaptable and unconsciously reacting to what the situation could need in that moment . jung explorer test actualized type : infp introverted ( i ) 55 % extroverted ( e ) 45 % sensing ( s ) 45.55 % intuitive ( n ) 54.45 % feeling ( f ) 53.66 % thinking ( t ) 46.34 % perceiving ( p ) 50 % judging ( j ) ... unconditional , not sure , but close to it definitely . i didn't know , that i was capable of it , but i found out after the birth of my second child . why after the second ? when i got pregnant with the ... people laugh , when i mention james mcavoy , but he is perfect . * fangirlmode * the eyes , the smile , the way he keeps his family out of the media . oh god , i am drooling . honestly , i was at odds with being an infj in the beginning , i wanted to be an infp . i have infp friends , my daughter is most likely an infp too , i love my infps . i even cheated on one or two of ... i am capricorn and infj ... so what . but to be fair , my sun sign doesn't fit me too well , ascendent and moon sign though , would be fitting , but the capricorn in me says , i don't believe in astrology . :p i think the fascination with vampires is about staying young forever and immortality . unicorns , phoenix , demons , vampires ( not the sparkling kind though ) have you meet or dealt with a chronic / pathological liar ? if so , how was it ? my mother , she's also narcissistic . are you friends with a chronic / pathological liar ? no , i honestly try to steer ... i do it , when i write . makes it hard to focus on only one view . and while re-reading it's cruel , because i am extremely critical and changing perspective makes it even worse . i have to quote myself ... did i say i never tested as nt before ? hahahahahaha 427954 i test close to t , but never actually had the result of intp or intj . i'm 5w4 . in fact , i test as infj in 95 % of my tests , even though i was in doubt of my infjnes in the beginning . i love this thread . it makes me feel so ... normal and understood . it's much more than that though , just not possible to put in simple words . : happy : extremely inconsistent handwriting , depending on my mood and motivation . i connect to males easier in first contact situations , i just have more in common with them . but i have female and male friends , i usually see them pretty genderless , if i like someone , i like them , ... omg , i always thought , i am alone with that habit . : shocked : and to the topic of light sensitivity , i always have something over my eyes , a towel or a shirt , to shut out any light while sleeping . that's one of the points , where my husband ( intp ) reacts with rolling eyes . i don't just listen to music , i feel it , i feel the emotions of the melody and the lyrics . i live it , i breathe it , i ... sensory input here too . noises , crowded places and the worst of of all , odours . i can recognize people 100s of meters from me , because of a certain perfume and most artificial smells cause nausea and ... i am somewhere between infj , infp and intp to find . ( especially the misunderstood part ) thanks for mentioning this , i forgot to write it . the ability to wake myself up , when something is very unpleasant , is one , that i don't want to miss . yes and no . i am able to do so , but i usually choose not to hide them . exceptions would be extreme anger , the possibility that i explode spontaneously exists ( which means either tears of wrath or ... i don't think , leadership depends on the type alone , it's also a combination of experience and knowledge about what is to do . but i agree , that extroverts would be more drawn to take leadership , if ... i remember , what i've dreamt most of the time , but the dreams fade fast , when i am awake . some feel so weird / inspiring / real , that i am able to remember them for a very long time or i even weave ... sun : capricorn asc : libra moon : libra mc : cancer this test confirmed , what i already expected , thanks for that link , i haven't seen it before . it perfectly explains , why and how i feel so close to infps and enfjs . : happy : cognitive processlevel ... i am not an intp , but i am married to one and what you describe sounds familiar to me . to be honest , i answer here , because that kind of thread is , what i was looking for in this part of personality ... get a sense of humor . : wink : i am an infj married to an intp . let's say , i would prefer infps now . : tongue : i am pretty good in turning off my own feelings , i numb myself , i distract myself , i ignore the feelings until i am so cold , that i could freeze myself . but i did it for too long , because i didn't ... i am learning spanish and swedish on duolingo , and i am waiting for klingon to get ready . : laughing : german as first language , english close to fluent , i also learned latin in school , which helped my ability to read basics in various languages . ( italian , spanish , portuguese , french ... ) . at the ... infp interesting , good that i only know male infps through the internet , my husband ( intp ) wouldn't be very happy about that outcome . : exterminate : : laughing : agape : 32 mania : 25 storge : 24 pragma : 18 ludus : 17 eros : 5 but tbf eros is only so low , because the questions refer to the current lover . : unsure : i was pretty annoying lately and let a lot of my friends ( real and virtual ones ) take the test . in the end i stayed the only infj of around 50 people , so i registered here . : wink : i think , it is the ... i am married to an intp . james mcavoy simon baker ( heath ledger * sigh * ) and yes lately ... chris pratt has potential to get on my list . :D '