' i feel like infps have troubles evolving fast and changing , like they cling to some strong pole and try to keep themselves and the pole static . which i have troubles with . i love intjs , they're so ... what i find curious about infps is the fact that i keep seeing them posting threads like what do you think of us ? , or does everibody hate us ? . truth is , if they were to be more confident , then ... hey bluewolf 30 ! well , since making friends at work seems impossible these days , why not join a club / association for your hobbies ? another way is to use your previously existing networks of ... compulsiverambler , should i be worried about your signature ? oh , no , don't worry , there shouldn't be drama , i think he'll just look at you , a bit stunned by this overwhelming commitment you're asking of him , and either tell you it frightens him , ask you why or ... inspired by the rejection of only-old-music ;) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R2F_hGwD26g well , the way i see it , he seems to like you but would like to get more initiatives from you . i think it's that simple :p the there-not there thing ? let him have his space ; we're like sine ... i can't really determine whether you're trying to flatter us or if you really and genuinely think it's true . l'll assume it's the latter . but then , what do you mean by beautiful ? beautiful ... found it weird that this didn't exist before ; thanks , idontthinkso https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqwPjNGDuIQ not awful , i just ended up avoiding my infp friends because i had evolved a lot and they had not ; i couldn't reckognize myself or my type of friends in them anymore . cruel ? maybe , maybe not . at ... it's simple , what are you guys and girls listening to right now ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SYPdVKTb_64 though lately i've loved to listen to these guys : well , not sure my input here would be very valuable , since i'm only a few years ahead of you , so i don't have that clear a sight of the consequences of my choices . i'm an electrical engineering ... actually , i don't know if i can handle infp friends for too long , would be quite interesting to try ! well , fueledbyevil is quite right here ! still , i would also advise you to look at things rationaly , especially now that you know it's normal for you to think this way , that nothing is worth you ... well , i wanna be your friend too ! : angry : : happy : more seriously , i like to bite a bit , yes ! i think , as time comes by , that the everywhere-flying entps that we are want to stop and pause at the same places for increasing timespans , because we realize that we are slowly isolating ourselves ... bienvenue ! it's quite cruel to itroduce yourself in french :p and actually , i believe only nous les français present ourselves partly in french , every other nations ' people just keep to english ... well , i've always thought of astrology as misguided , but not necessarily wrong in its observations : as far as i'm concerned , it's not the planets that would influence your personality , rather , it's ... that's actually when an entp needs to temporarily morph into an entj , when they need something done by someone else : if you're cold , accurate and a bit overbearing , people will indeed act on what ... well my understanding of ni is that it's a convergent ne : ne generates a ton of possibilities on demand , but doesn't do much more than that , and it ' up to our ti ( for us entp ) to sort through ... oh , i didn't mean that the prison would make you grow hahaha hahaha that's why it would be a good thing for you to do so ; to make you both grow ;) it's an edgard-allan-poish bullying . how do you like it ? :) ( it got me bored otherwise i would have done all your recent posts :p ) blunt and dumb , typical intp troll , i like this :) = = = nevermore . = = = i did laugh . intp humor , i would say ;) = = = nevermore . oh , on a massage table ? that's sweet of you ! :) nevermore . oh , so you were disrespectful ? * sj drama begins * i'll try not to abuse of the * action * jokes . i keep checking facebook and pecafe during work ( academia applied research is really terrible . i'm a theoretician at heart ) . cuz i'm bored and you guys are fun . crhow would you know ? pretty rough childhood that i had . lost some feathers there . yet i'm not craven . ( had to be sure this one was not missed ) enough puns :p it used to be me ; then i ... 1 . last book you read : currently reading ayn rand's the fountainhead , pretty good book . otherwise , my last finished book was salammbo , by flaubert . 2 . last podcast you listened to : ... your personality type is : entp preference clarity categories : ( slight , moderate , clear , very clear ) slight extraversion : 12/21 very clear intuition : 26/26 clear thinking : 21/24 clear ... by the way , i hadn't reacted to that before ; back i am ;) it seems like most of us entps , and maybe nts , have had some troubles with sjs sometimes in our life ( and i'm no exception , ... so , you were out , stalking entps in their natural living conditions , and pop by to scare them away ? unfortunately they're not afraid , and they seem to have chosen you as their new prey . good luck ... sleeping helps us process new informations ; it's a necessary process of cognition . sure , you could replace it . we could all be forever awake and productive , always doing something . but isn't the ... true , the academic world is corrupted , true , it formats most of its members into like-minded individuals ( which is terrible ) but i've always seen two reasons for this : - how else could you expect ... well , i'm not so sure about the fact that you need to be in a relationship with someone to fall inlove witht hem . being friend and close to said person is enough . and then , there are several ... wow , so we switched from science philosophy to linguistical statistics . nice . oh , i think what idontthinkso meant was that the word popular science was a vulgarization of vulgarization ; ... it's getting late here ; soon going to bed , so just a quick answer : you seem to consider your frame of reference as absolute ; here , you see things with the eyes of he who watches rather than he ... hahaha but he looks way too old on this one :p though i indeed agree , the picture looks very sad ( what do you mean , you wrote intj-ish ? :P ) , i was planning on changing it . you know how it goes , oh ... haha , indeed , ti needs some things to chew , otherwise it just sleeps . i've also found that meditation and sports help a lot , especially concerning validation . when you're exhausted , you only think ... glad you agree with that ; still , it would need proving if it were possible to prove it . which i don't believe is ... well , you seem like an educated fellow . i though have no idea if you did ... well , the problem with unsolvable problems is that they usually are not different from solvable ones as far as people are concerned . take it as trying to walk around a huge object in the dark with ... ' fraid not , old chap . but i like your enthusiasm with the sciences :) check out gödel's incompleteness theorem . this made mr . wiles a bit desperate about finding the proof to fermat's theorem :) ... so ; you're actually telling me that some things are unvulgarizable . i don't think so . but unfortunately , disproving a negative is hard ; proving it is easy , you just have to find the right ... well , if you want to keep your arguments within a circle of well educated people , then it's indeed fine ;) yet , isn't it a shame that the cultured avoid the masses as much as the masses avoid the ... deep down , we all claim we are rational , especially here . we all love to pretend that , oh , we are so logical , feelings are beneath us . but you are right , kaboomz ( i would rather have know your name , ... hypertelic is hypertelic in a comprehension way : this overdevelopment of vocabulary is disadvantageous to the clarity of your arguments . just like reading some kant or bergson . their ideas ... funnily enough , i wouldn't have acted this way . i would have confronted him , just asked why do you do this ? , and tried to get to the bottom of his actions . throw in some insistance , of course ... the only hypertelic thing i read here is the word hypertelic ... :p ( had to google check it . but then , i'm not a native ) i guess you're right , deep down we care way too much , but we only rarely ... '