' well , whether i was originally one or not , i now feel i identify more with being an intj , after much consideration . i don't personally see how i can be happy or successful as an intp . perhaps that ... off the cuff .. 1 . what would you do differently if it were my last day ? spend my entire day at a park , listening to my favorite music , eating my favorite foods , and writing letters to both ... intps are as capable of love as anyone else . we're all humans , not robots . however , love is rare and people express love feelings differently . well , vitamins are lost in pasteurized juices , due to processing . it's much better to just eat whole blueberries or blend them in a smoothie . don't trust store bought smoothies , either looking at old threads on this website has shown me that many people's mbti types change over time . i used to test as an entp ( 72 % extroverted ) , until enough negative experiences were knocked into ... 1 . ) unethical 95 % false 2 . ) joker yeah , i'm sure almost anything can be funny if you see it from a certain perspective 3 . ) no feelings 1 . how important is it that your partner be able to match you ( or keep you otherwise stimulated ) on an intellectual level ? equal or smarter than me 2 . can this supersede physical ... please message me if you care to help , i feel like some things are too personal to post publicly http://images.wikia.com/jimmyneutron/images/6/68/Professor_Calamitous.jpg professor finbar calamitous , from jimmy neutron the guy who had brilliant ideas , but could never follow through on them * you type really long comments * you delete a lot of your comments after realizing how embarrassing they are * you seriously think we need a delete comment button on this site * you sometimes do ... why ? ? haha , i've noticed this i thought maybe he thought something was weird with my shoe ? i thought jellyfish really produced jelly until i was 14 darn you , spongebob yeah , i get emotional sometimes . i'm not a robot i'm not in that boat ... both i feel like i've noticed all of those , to some degree [ deleted because it's embarrassing ! ] i give honest compliments , and i love to give them . i have trouble receiving compliments , actually . not that i don't love getting complimented , i just feel awkward accepting them . um , but to me , just ... i'm a baptised catholic but i still feel like i need to understand a lot more before i get confirmed . there's still a lot i don't understand , and need to make sense of , before i feel i can truly call ... screw prom , i'm going to an awesome concert and i'm going to make a facebook album of it titled prom 2012 ♥ [ deleted post ] [ why can't they let us delete posts ] now that i think about it , i sometimes feel like a closet infp which is funny , because i've seen threads about infps feeling like closet entps [ deleted post ] thanks for all the responses ! just making sure i've typecasted people correctly curious . i'm trying to see if i might know any .. i'm attracted to infp guys like a magnet , haha . i have a big crush on an infp guy and that is exactly what i do . there's nothing mixed about it 2 year old thread but idgaf sorry for reviving a really old thread , haha i know a guy exactly like this .. i feel like we're only strong acquaintances , though i'm only emotionally distant around people i don't trust . but with someone i trust i'm able to let my guard down , cause i know they're not going to try and hurt me when i'm truly being open ... i have a crush on an infp guy right now and i feel like there's chemistry between us , but we have so many awkward silences ! when you put two socially awkward people together ... it's kind of funny ... what the crap , i was at that same concert i constantly find myself crushing on infp guys , but idk what to do , or if they may even like me back in the same way ! and then when they don't make any direct moves my interest wanes and then i start ... i have a few istj friends .. never really had conflicts . what do infjs think about entps ? i've felt lonely since i was about 10 it just gets worse every year . hopefully it will be easier after high school i don't feel like i truly have any friends right now .. i feel like most people i talk to are still acquaintances . i wish i was able to have deep relationships with others . it's always been something ... well , if we landed near one of my relative's houses , in cameroon , i'd be in good shape too much ignorance in this thread . i assume most people here have not actually been to africa . unless this ... i'm guessing percy bysshe shelley dude was a badass i'm like hugely addicted to the internet .. i can spend all day online , like i did today i don't really have friends , so how else am i really supposed to connect with others hence why i need to ... omg , find me ! haha . i have a huge crush on this infj guy i know , i just want him to take the initiative ! i would first get rid of intolerance . that would clear a significant amount of problems in this world where are infp guys .. not me . not gonna lie , i'd like to try it one day , when everything in my life is stable and perhaps in a country where it's legal ( if it's not already in the u . s . , by that point ) , because the last ... all the time . it's a lot easier for me to remember faces and mannerisms i've felt lonely for most of my life i'm about to graduate high school , and people in my grade are just acquaintances i can find humor in literally anything . i wish i once again had a friend who understood it .. so we could just laugh at things 24/7 . even the silliest things no . currently living in tx , but i've lived .. around the world normally near the front . i hate sitting in the back . i ask a lot of questions and don't care about the other kids in class so why not sit in the front . it also helps me concentrate better . it's kind ... i'm isolated , and not coping at all . i think it's impossible to properly cope without therapy i like the technology he made ( minus his hatred of adobe ) , but i think he was kind of a dick for not really giving to charity . i mean if i had billions in the bank , or heck , even millions , i'd ... '