' saying you dislike an entire genre because of what typically gets radio play is a good way to not like any music ever i was pretty disdainful of hip-hop until i realized how much i love the ... smoking weed helps with that if you think its lame to collaborate with a plant on creative projects you're the worst http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fnHqy1d7hho wha-wha-wha-wha-whammy edit : holy shit sexy sushi . bling bling bling is my jam do you ever use gasoline or a cell phone ? are you aware of how the raw materials are obtained ? also that nike argument is outrageous . i infer that you are still young so i won't press this too ... you got some repressed shit in your brain hole that being high is picking at ^ ^ my uninformed non-doctor opinion get really high , sit in silent darkness , and start digging i like to engage with stuff that interests me . the knowledge is a by-product of spending time with that thing 21 male here , my parents were the same way your first post read like i typed it ( except with proper grammar ) the main argument i see against it is overpopulation for it is either ' to combat the dummies who will breed no matter what ' and ' to continue the genes ' and also because i think i'm a great person ... school sucks , this thread is worse e-i-e-i-o when you find out somebody likes you you unconsciously lose respect for them because you don't like you i think that is the major problem . that was a big problem for me , anyways . maybe i'm ... that is a funny thing to think that is like thinking that looks like a good movie , i hate good movies because i want to watch them ! listen man , if you think a movie looks good you should see ... but he chose us #swoon i have heard it argued that marijuana increases the enjoyment of the senses ... and being a disgusting drug user i take that to mean that it could increase enjoyment of any aspect of temperment ... i work towards mastery by learning in one discipline and applying it to another over and over is that a common intp mo ? gandalf was a complete asshole in the hobbit and it will take a whole lot to convince me otherwise http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LChtBpTjvTY i dumb it down or , at least , i did when i was much younger . i think i've grown into the dumb for the most part now . heh :( edit : to be more precise , if i know someone is wrong about something i ... weird thrad , don't really understand why you're so adamant about avoiding her star wars is an alright bunch of movies ... i laugh in the face of people who get all uppity about what some dude ... what exactly is motivation ? you are meditating on the wrong things ... get outside and exercise every day . go walk and remind yourself how wicked this whole thing is . get away from the constant ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TFmUAQ2SeQg from melancholic , to melancholic grooves , to just straight grooves might be my favorite album ( rite now ... ) * mainstream ( the same applies to the other forms of entertainment that were brought up ) if you don't want to dig around for worthwhile stuff you're going to get whatever someone paid for you to ... i used to maintain an 80 % + average with minimal effort and get much higher grades in classes that i took interest in ( mostly computer related ... programming , some photography stuff , communications ... cool scene i like the combination of sick eyewear and outraged onlooker i'd go with high curiosity tends to accompany high intellect . mind altering substances are curious and curiouser ... fish are pretty fucking stupid http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xXR_G0kcCJ0 if i was your dad , i would be using this need for validation as a way to push you to be as great as i know you can be ( and that i love you very much ) ( if i was your dad ( im not ) ) i went to the library , checked out the bhagavad gita , brought it to a bar and read it over pints and nachos bars are pretty rad . anywhere that will give me drinks and food for bits of cotton and ... someone said in so many words that they want to get on my dick flattered ~ ~ i tend to consider ' juicy ' stuff confidential , but my experience with just about everyone i've met is that they don't . so fuck em - loose lips sink ships . my ideal fantasy world doesn't have a work environment ... my coworkers would be animals i drink a bunch i like to drink alone with some nice music and see what my brain does apparently people think i am weird people are right , heh heh heh no moleste ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HwqPeVkiDR4 i like being me , i'm probably my favorite person i like all the stuff i like and can be reasonably certain i'll have a good time when i hang out you won't ever feel motivated to do that stuff you just have to work on ' just doing it ' . you won't want to , you won't want to when you start , you won't want to 5 minutes in , maybe 10 minutes in you ... it is in fact , just you i don't see any problem here , from what you said there is no foundation for these conspiracy theories who cares is she dated a drug dealer ? does she still have his ... ayup i'm just being silly , no hurt feelings intended :) i feel like this thrad is about a specific person and not a personality type and will reflact those prejudices i like rap music what he said you're at least interesting enough to warrant a glance , which is more than can be said about a lot of things ! ! go for it you homo heh , it all depends how you describe productive ... if it was me i would want you to confront me a few times after the fact . in the moment it is very difficult to think of anything but the present moment of ahhh . if i am told ... i think i prefer cannabis . they both have merit though . if they look at me sexy and i get the impression they got a brain i want to figure out mrooorrwww luckily cannabis affects believers and nonbelievers the same way heh heh heh ... when is the last time you smoked weed ? i don't know what the consensus on this forum is , but when i smoke after a few weeks of not i tend to go wait , what was all that bullshit i was worrying ... a good sense of humor helps me through pretty much everything . even when everything seems shitty i can still laugh at myself and this outrageous situation i find myself in . i find strength in ... '