' i never said that there wasn't , i just found it curious that too almost opposite personalities were aiming for the same profession . my brother is and istj , and i'd have to say that he would probably be the closest thing to being the opposite of my personality that i know of . curiously though , we both are aiming fro the the same ... you don't burn out from going too fast . you burn out from going too slow and getting bored . cliff burton generally just tormenting and screwing with someones views is enough vengeance for me , for example by forcing them through the same rings to get to the same conclusion as me , despite the fact that ... well i'm the guy in my picture ( surprise , surprise ) i'm about 6 foot tall . i generally wear whatever seems practical and comfortable regardless of the occasion , or appropriateness of the occasion ... you seem to be caring to much about an item for it to be entp ... as for the second one , well yes , that does sound a lot like me . up too you really , which one sounds cooler ? intj or entp ? i personally don't hate anything . other people seem to hate us in good humour if that makes any sense . an example of this is that somebody i go to school with was laughing and smiling at me whilst ... don't shoot the messenger . i blame wikipedia . also possibly antisocial personality disorder ( aka being a sociopath ) . i sometimes question whether i'm a sociopath or not ( i generally don't feel anything which usually has everyone around me in ... yes but cancer is . not dissimilar to the stuff caused by stupid use of the word swag . : tongue : entps can get hurt feelings ? : confused : one of my best friends is an estp . we get along rather well , although i can't really talk theoretical physics or anything to him . he's great for doing fun stuff like extreme sports or just chilling ... ooooh , just my luck , i got an intj . anyway intjs are pretty awesome , because they are like the less sociable , more organised versions of entps ( who are clearly superior to all other mbtis :P ) ... 48477 i can't be bothered making one , so i just got this one off the internet . it seems to do its job , so i haven't changed it . pretty much just these 2 , and they usually go hand in hand . seems to happen a lot when arguing . people need to remember that there is a difference between intelligent people and nt's ( i know a lot of nt's are intelligent , but there are others out there that are intelligent and not nt's ) . just ... i sit in a crouched position ( much like l off deathnote ) when i'm concentrating on something . i walk around topless at home at all times . oh i see i was going to say , infjs aren't really known for being killjoys . if somebody puts a silly title i feel obliged to give them a silly answer how they pee ? i hate it with and passion . it gives me that odd kind of urge to destroy small animals with an oversized assault weapon or laser cannon of some sort ... dammit i got bored with the number's as well but i still got 98 so that only allowes me too make mild gramma and spelling erras dammit i got bored with the number's as well but i still got 98 so that only allowes me too make mild gramma and spelling erras don't worry about failing , just think about all the people you know who are dumber than you . any :P ( preferably one which uses one of the methods listed [ 15 sd iq , 16 sd iq or percentile iq ] ) i was just curious too see how many intjs have had their intelligence tested before , and if so how ( 15 sd , 16 sd , percentile etc . ) . i'd just like to see how high most intjs get on these ... i was just curious too see how many intps have had their intelligence tested before , and if so how ( 15 sd , 16 sd , percentile etc . ) . i'd just like to see how high most intps get on these ... i was just curious too see how many entjs have had their intelligence tested before , and if so how ( 15 sd , 16 sd , percentile etc . ) . i'd just like to see how high most entjs get on these ... i was just curious too see how many entps had had their intelligence tested before , and if so how ( 15 sd , 16 sd , percentile etc . ) . i'd just like to see how well we do on these intelligence tests . fools , fools everywhere . the church of the flying spaghetti monster is the one true religion , embrace his noodly appendage . repent and become a pastafarian today . anyway , on a serious note , i ... the only time i feel unsure of leaving a relationship is when i'm unsure about my future chances with the other gender ( it sounds like a dick thing to do , but hey its my life ) . apart from that i'll ... that sounds a lot like your stereotypical american :P please define how much . if it was billions upon billions i would probably invest massively in areas which i deemed interesting ( space travel for instance ) , and just live off the interest from the ... personally i would have thought an engineering or architecture major or master would be perfect for an entp as it involves coming up with new ideas using thoughts not feelings . still , i'm biased so ... i wouldn't base your typing on preferred activities too much . i'm an entp who likes running , parkour , playing hockey and doing triathlons for fun . make sure you don't follow stereotypes too closely . i'm an entp who is quite solitary . it's not because i don't enjoy company , more just because i get bored with people rather quickly unless i deem them interesting . when i am with people ( who i ... are you sure you're an nt ? after rereading everything you've posted you sound more like an estj than any nt pastafarian ( belief in the flying spaghetti monster ) . you seem to smell a lot like an intj , out of all the nts . you seem too civilised to be an entp . you don't seem to be as social as an entj . and intp just doesn't seem to fit . yes , i'm rather introverted at times . it might be just because i get lost in my own thoughts and forget about my surroundings . also i've found that although i do immensely enjoy social interaction , ... i occasionally test as an intp depending on my mood do infjs really find entps as attractive as rumoured ? and if so , why ? ( on an unrelated issue , where can i find infj females for that matter ? ) highschool student atm ? aiming for masters ( at least ) in mechanical engineering , and possible bachelors in particle or nuclear physics saying x is impossible lol this sounds like my dad ( he's an immature estj ) . we don't get along for rather obvious reasons . they aren't overly intimidating , more just infuriating . facing a nuclear arsenal with nothing more than a bent spoon . i mean if i had a bent spoon and a bent fork i might be ok , but with only a bent spoon i'd be hopelessly intimidated out of my depth ... hello infps ! ! ! i come in peace . anyway the thing which brings me too infp-land is that one of my best friends is an infp and he is always being traumatised by his past actions in which he has hurt ... what do you mean i hurt your feelings ? i didn't know you had any feelings what do you mean i ain't kind ? just not your kind peace sells , megadeth just a stab in the dark , but i'd assume we'd be rather different people ( you being an isfj and me being an entp ) , so its most probable that my strengths would be your weaknesses and vice versa ... vision 10 taste 9 smell 8 touch 8 smell 2 '