' do any of you have trouble expressing to others ' who you are ' , like you're wearing a mask you can't take off ' ? i know , i know . intp ? feelings ? ! ? ! ! ? ! 11 srsly . interpersonal connections are not ... one of my very good friends is an intj ( probably ) . at first , i annoyed him because i would question him on everything . typically , intj's tend to think they're right ( not unjustified ) . after i proved ... although i'm not an infp , i am introverted . i definitely prefer for a girl to approach me , partially since i feel societal pressures that i should make the first move . also , i'm pretty oblivious to ... you really should work on being more analytical . this thread made me laugh . i'd definitely have to say that bill nye is an entp . science rules i'm guessing you're introverted because you've tested as one a couple of times , and you don't seem to disagree . introversion = energy regained through time alone . ixxx from your answers , i also ... i give up all the time but only after i'm convinced i could finish if i felt like it . once the answer is in sight , actually finishing the puzzle isn't that important to me . the intellectual challenge ... that's probably just because certain things are more appealing to certain personalities . knowledge and proficiency in science / logic are commonly recognized indicators of intelligence . these things ... i tend to walk into traffic while lost in thought . luckily , there's usually someone there to grab me . stepping on cracks was a big deal when i would walk home from the bus stop , but nowadays , it ... that's exactly what i do . i just have to get into the mindset of recalling the imaginary event as an actual memory . that way it even resembles a memory , so it feels less like a lie . it's even better ... it's actually very typical for an intp to care about what others think of them . at least , this is true on an intellectual level . intp's want to be respected , especially for their ideas . they also ... hopefully , this post will be more directly relevant to the topic than my last . one of my good friends is an intj , and i like to bounce ideas off of him ( since he's quite intelligent ) . i'm usually ... this is pretty much what i usually to do . first , a bunch of ideas ' randomly ' appear , but the most important aspect to me is the connections . i think my essay is good if i've managed to draw ... so intp community , how do you generate ideas ? for example : you get assigned a topic for a paper . how do you brainstorm ? how do you use the brainstormed ideas ? do you like to give your thought a ... science ftw ! i'm a bit confused about the differences between how ti / ne and ni / te operate . ( mostly because of the ni / ne difference ) when seeking to understand a concept , i check for logical consistency ( how and ... this post brought a huge grin to my face . it also illustrates what annoys me about people : why ask for my opinion / advice / input if you don't actually want me to tell you the truth ? ? it's ... i very rarely get emotional from watching a movie . however , if there's a dog involved , i can get a bit teary eyed . my dogs help me stay tuned into my emotions . i'm surprised at how ' selfless ' some of the answers sound . maybe i'm an ass , but the stranger's life does not affect me . my dog's life affects me . i'm not very in touch with intimate relationships , ... intps with their inferior fe tend to have trouble interpreting things like sarcasm . we'll often misjudge someone's intended meaning . it sounds like that's what's going on here , and i can definitely ... being strangely productive by finishing 2/3 assignments on the first day of the weekend . such an odd , but pleasant , feeling . i'm pretty self-centered , and it drives most of my decisions . however , i'm insecure and care what people think of me ( inferior fe ) , so i try not to be an ass .. unless someone says something stupid . this describes why i was miserable in highschool . since then i've gotten much better about understanding interpersonal relationships and my own emotions . they're not as ' out of control ' . this thread validates my existence . lulz . many friends and i will typically take hours to dissect each others ' arguments only to find that we actually agree . only one friend agrees that this is a ... i am actually sexually active , but that doesn't mean i think about it often ( mostly just when my so brings it up ) . then again , i already stated that i didn't identify as asexual . i'm guessing the ... that's pretty much how i respond . i just say well . then i got back to whatever i was doing , or i might stare at them until they ask a more substantial question . ( i don't speak much unless someone ... * goldfish * ( regular pizza + parmesan + vanilla + cinnamon ) they are my crack . of those who have touched the sacred crackers , none have lived to tell the tale . i'm also somewhat protective of ... i'm not sure if i'd consider myself asexual . i'm a male and i'm ' attracted ' to females , and that seems to suggest that i am heterosexual . however , despite the attraction , i don't really feel any ... wow this is weird . i wonder if this is really as common as this thread makes it seem . i do the same thing when i'm sick , and i think i know what i have . the doctor needs to agree in order for me ... i have this problem quite a bit . people just don't really understand how we rationalize and express affection . addressing the op , i've never had a problem finding people who were interested in ... thanks for reminding me ! i'd played it before for about 5 minutes and forgot about it . i believe i have some extra microsoft points lying around somewhere . time to lose track of everything in portal ... i don't believe there is a thread yet for intps to discuss various puzzle games that fuel their ti-ne preference . maybe it's just me , but on a boring day i can usually be found on the interwebz ... i'm both surprised and glad that other intps share this trait . i thought the stereotypical intp would be abrasive / rude to people , but i don't typically find myself acting that way . most people ... i'd be tempted to go as far as to say that all the types think about the same amount . some of them just conceal their active minds by actually being active . ' doing ' doesn't necessarily mean not ... i think it comes down to their function preferences . ti is , in my opinion , the best logical ' filter ' . by that i mean , it's great at deconstructing an argument and detecting logical inconsistencies ... after thinking about it , i've realized that it's less about me being on time than it is the event happening on time . when an event is scheduled , i get annoyed with having to plan around it . it's ... thanks , guys . yeah , i think i agree with everything that has been said . i hadn't studied the mbti typology enough to tell whether or not a person should fit perfectly . my ' p ' score is usually pretty ... hello . i'm an intp guy ( maybe ) who happens to be on time , consistently . this seems to contradict the intp profile , which is why it confuses me . i'm disorganized ( well , ' organized chaos ' ) . i ... first off , female intp ? blasphemy . also , welcome ! i'm quite new as well , but from what i can tell , this is a great place to share / compare thoughts . you can find people who share a similar thought ... i like this response . the trouble i had with this was thinking that justice and mercy are not really mutually exclusive events . sometimes the just thing to do is to be merciful , and it works the ... first off , i'd like to say that i am of the opinion that personality is not really developed enough to classify , in terms of types , until late teenage years at the earliest . hardship certainly ... that's a tough question since intps don't place much value on emotion . in my experience , such an argument would go something like : them : question / action me : logical , blunt response with no intended ... i realize this was posted a few months ago , but i've felt really compelled to reply . begin irrelevant post : i think it's perfectly ' logical ' to not assume logic's absolute correctness . logic is ... a brain storming exercise yielded this : - first a triangular prism , blue green and red , with no base . the red parts were like puzzle pieces , disconnected and floating above the prism . - then a ... compliments typically just confuse me . they don't really have an effect on how i view myself , so i don't really know how to take them . when giving or receiving compliments i usually ( unintentionally ) ... this is a tough one . i vary rarely get agitated when people accost / bully me and things of that nature . i do get a bit irate when someone presents an argument ( an illogical one ) , and i logically ... i'm very picky , and i do not eat often . that being said , the food that i do eat , i enjoy quite a lot . i eat extremely quickly and a fair amount . this might be due to not realizing my hunger until i'm ... i am definitely a bit different with different people . most of the time i'm just acting as a chameleon because i'm simply not invested / interested enough in the interaction to ' express ' my own ... '