' i'm imagining an enfp meetup ... hahahahaha : laughing : a few days ago i read a blog post criticising vegans that promote veganism in an in-your-face kind of way , like everyone should go vegan or something . it said that those people are a lot more ... i looove vegan cheesecake , it's all creamy and sweet and guilt-free , crunchy and soft at the same time . heavenly as an enfp i tend to let standards slip a little in my personal space ... when it gets a little too much ' organised chaos ' for even me to handle , i'll go crazy and tidy it all up . however i'm back at ... viva : 4w3 7w6 9w8 so / sx ace face : 3w2 , 7w8 , 1w2 sx / so cue 5c : 3w2 so / sp the king of dreams : 9w1 7w6 2w1 so / sx alysaria : 7w6 , 2w3 , 9w8 sx / so musicbird : 7w6 , 9w8 , 4w3 eerie : 7w8 - 1w2 - 4w3 sx / sp ... i feel that way when i am depressed ( i have seasonal affective disorder ) or when i witness racism / sexism / queerphobia ... or when someone argues that vegans are bad because they kill plants >:( or when ... all of the time . today i lost my keys ( found them after 20 mins of searching ! ) . also i lost my phone charger this morning , but that was only because my mam moved it . oh and my ' yes man ' dvd is ... he's an infj but dunno if anything will happen there ! we flirted for a few months and things while i was at uni and i saw him a ltitle bit when i was back , but he recently got a girlfriend * sadface * ... i definitely spend more money in order to do stuff than to own stuff , i mean i am attached to some of the clothes i own or teddies and things but i'd rather go out and have fun than buy things i ... definitely , just as naughychimp said i like there to be certain consistencies like friends , i like it if home is pretty much the same whenever i come back . also i like going back to things i used to ... bumblyjack's igloo thing hahaha . even if he has no interest himself i need to find out how this is done oh my i need to try this ! ! hahaha i have been super-sociable these past two weeks and now i have nothing to do ( aside from revision but whatevs ) ! ! ! my friends are all working or otherwise occupied so here i am sat in my bed with an ... oh man i just posted a very similar thread and then discovered this one ! :D * reads excitedly * i want to try some new and interesting things ! so what do you guys do when you .. don't have anything else ( i . e obligations :d ry : or friends : kitteh :) to entertain you ? any challenges ? let's have ... i'm an enfp and i come here when i feel lonely because everyone here understands me so well ! ooh , i did it ! i love you all ♥ although i don't spend a whole lot of time on perc , every time i come here it puts me in a good mood ! thanks to you guys who are always encouraging each other it's a relief to ... aww thanks ! :D vous aussi ! hey guys , i need some advice ! our chinese class at uni is very small , only 8 or 9 of us , and in our third year we will go to china . but i feel like the class is a little disjointed and i'm hoping to ... you climb ( over a barrier ) up on stage to join a dancing contest that you're not supposed to be part of , fall over , sustaining multiple injuries and a blow to the head ... and then carry on dancing ... you get distracted by reading about peanut butter ( while eating peanut butter ) when you're supposed to be writing an essay that has nothing to do with peanut butter . welll it was just an idea . i'm no expert on either typology or linguistics but both are fascinating and i want to discover all the possible connections between them ! :) that's awesome ! let us know how it goes ! i think typology definitely has a link to linguistic . obviously i haven't researched this but i noticed that my xxxj friends seem to use a more prescriptive ... i worked in a shoe shop for some time and i hateddd trying to sell shoes and products to customers because it made me feel bad about myself . i didn't want them to spend so much money on things they ... guys guys guys i was in my sociolinguistics class the other day and i had an epiphany ! i moved across the country for university and everyone here has a different dialect to myself . i didn't really ... you watch a debate about a very serious issue ... and find yourself agreeing with both , extremely different sides . your flatmate starts playing incredibly loud music when you're finally getting around to revision . you get increasingly pissed off but can't find the heart to ask him to turn it down because you're a ... * whispers fearfully * routine ! ? although in recent days i've been good with my sleeping pattern ( we'll see how long that lasts ) , when left to my own devices i usually end up with random waking and ... you text your fellow enfp friend and all of your messages to each other are very long , well articulated and full of exclamation marks and kisses . i am quite ridiculous after a few drinks , normally i'm pretty outgoing but when there's alcohol in the bloodstream my outgoing-ness is on a whole new level . i tell everyone my secrets , dance like ... hahaha , textbook enfp right here ! ;D i travelled for 5 hours on a bus across the country to see you . whenever i speak , you roll your eyes or get annoyed because you're trying to watch tv or whatever . if i point out that i've come so far ... why am i so easily distracted ! ? ! ? the plan this weekend was to sit down and do my work , do some revision and generally start preparing for the exams and formative assessments before and after ... when you get on a roll studying .. it gets to 2am and you can't sleep because you're so engrossed in what you were doing . then you regret staying up so late when you go to class the next day :D i'm minoring in linguistics ! isn't it fun ! ! ! it's 3am and you find yourself learning british sign language and you can't remember how you ended up doing it ! but it's fun :D it drives me crazy when someone can only say negative things ! like i was packing to go to madrid and my mother was like oh be careful you'll probably be robbed , since there are many pickpockets ... you only seek approval from people who stubbornly won't give it to you ( intp in my case ! ) . i want to be friends with everyone :'( i dunno where you're from but where i'm from we like to say stuff like and i was just standing there like a complete lemon ! :D just means i feel like an idiot :D hahaha why do i have to hang onto friendships and relationships , even if they never actually developed properly ? ! ! ? suddenly i'm feeling all nostalgic about such tiny minor events and i miss people i never ... http://i200.photobucket.com/albums/aa315/aero-love/megusta.jpg this is probably my all-time favourite picture of myself , taken today ! :D i guess i really am an enfp afterall ! i didn't get the grades i'd expected . i was accepted at my second-choice uni ... but why settle for second-choice when you can push for first ? ! i appealed to my ... thankyou guys ! ! ! i'm feeling a little better about it now :D enfps are definitely determined people ! :D quick question totally unrelated to thread , but can you guys see my picture on the thread ? ... whilst i am feeling positive about a-level results day tomorrow , i am also absolutely terrified in case i fail and can't go to university ( don't get me started on the tripled uni fees starting next ... neither of us are fluent but come september i'll be doing a degree in the language and my friend is also learning :D in light of the recent events in our country ( uk ) , there was this thing called operation cup of tea , intending to show some form of british solidarity in this time of distress ( yeah .. my town too ) ... you never start conversations with hi , but go straight into whatever it is you wanted to talk about ( and then digress ) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lhfGppLx1Nw&feature=feedu my best friend and i on her birthday ! we made a video message to our korean friend yura :D my best friend maria had a bit much to drink and ... cinnamon is amazing ! i'm totally obsessed with it . oooh chinese snacks ? i don't really know any of them but i loveee red bean paste pancakes so much ! i could eat them all day and all night and never ... '