' here are my results . sexual | | 18 % social same here . additionally , to my way of thinking i don't see detachment as a negative trait . how interested am i in exercising the introspection necessary to assess where i rate these aspects of my persona ? ... extremely interested .  ... very interested .  ... somewhat ... to borrow a sela-ism , get out of my head . i could have written that . even my wife , who knows me better than any other , has mostly given up on trying to figure out what i'll like . i've got a series ... you're much more likely to be stuck with 1000 geezers . cruises are much more popular with the elderly set than young families . that's not to say that there won't be children underfoot , but they ... speaking of avatars , i can't look at yours without thinking of a pic i posted in the image thread long ago . http://imagemacros.files.wordpress.com/2009/06/blackbear.jpg i think most istj's don't feel comfortable with praise that seems unwarranted . being thanked or praised for doing everyday things would fall into that category , as would being praised for performing ... i think this is pretty standard for istj humor . we make wisecracks and observational comments in reaction to what is happening , often in a deadpan manner . and our humor can be so dry that you need ... cold , ruthless logic . if a logical case can't be made for why they should do it , then i probably have no business trying to convince them anyway . i have a master travel list on my pda . it includes anything i might want to bring on any potential trip , and any key task i may need to complete before leaving . before a trip i can go through the ... you are starting from the erroneous assumption that to be a jack-of-all-trades means being a master of none . it is quite possible ( and quite common ) to be a jack-of-all-trades and master of some .  ... what's not to love ? : cool : http://bestofcalvinandhobbes.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/calvin-und-hobbes-swifty-kick-in-the-butt.png thanks ! sounds like a good plan for me as well . too many posts to catch up with after this length of absence . my career in business ( and the natural humility that tends to come with age ) has taught me to present myself in a way that is less likely to be seen as arrogant . i can still come across that way to ... but those aren't the only two choices . back on topic ... when approached by another while occupied : leave me alone . ( said in head ) when around people that blather on : please shut up . ( said in head ) get to the point . ( said in ... what guy wouldn't want to be george clooney ? : cool : since there are usually no discernible answers to such discussions , we usually won't care to travel too far down the path . why bother with a lengthy philosophical quandary if we can't come to some ... an istj view of what constitutes living life to the fullest may be quite different from that of some other types . i find many activities to be rewarding that others might find boring or tedious . ... so we did : your driving habits this was my post in that thread : ix92m with niss as well . i tend to the be the guy on the road that wimpy drivers think of as x93aggressivex94 , although i think of it ... i notice those details also , but i am constantly revising my conversation to keep what i say as succinct and to-the-point as possible . my presumption is that nobody else is really interested in ... my inner turmoil sounds remarkably similar to a dial tone . glad to see that i most closely identify with levels 2 , 3 and 4 . while i have found this to be the case , particularly as i've gotten older , it is still a constant battle to accept that i ... yeah , we istjs can't even fake being bad boys . you can see him lift his arm so that it is his forearm that actually hits the sign , not his face . i don't find it in the least funny , even less so because it is fake . i wouldn't find it funny ... i played plenty of sports for fun as a kid , and organized baseball up through high school . i was always pretty capable at the various sports . nowadays there aren't many opportunities for playing ... icbydkwtasf * catching up , and i can't believe i actually read the past 15 pages of this thread . changing my oil was a bitch . i've never been able to understand why people would get a tattoo . i've never had the slightest inclination to get one and generally don't like seeing them on others . to each their own , of course , ... my job history : lawn mower department store employee assistant in engineering dept . computer support lab misc . telemarketing and direct sales positions ( short-lived ) manager of a gas-mart ... you've basically been taking money out of their pocket . tips are an expected part of a server's income in the u . s . as others have mentioned , they are paid a much lower set hourly rate as a result . ... based on the vernacular that review must have been written by either qadosh or out 0fammo . and asking an istj to talk with a male friend about his feelings is like asking us to stick our tongue in a spinning fan . and that's with even our closest friends . somebody who is much more of a ... this reminds me of when i was a kid and we used to get flintstones vitamins . they seemed like candy to us kids , so we were always stealing them out of the cabinet when our mom wasn't looking . ... fall is my favorite season ( followed by spring ) , and summer is my least favorite . the fall air is crisp and clear , the leaves change , and rainfall is relatively infrequent . i'm no big fan of ... speaking of mullets ... the classic photo : http://i903.photobucket.com/albums/ac234/wizardfooting/Redneck_MulletFamilyPortrait.jpg and the follow-up shot : ... excuse my istj-ness , but there is no referenced link to a source or peer-reviewed study , so i'm not sure that we can accept that red is truly perceived that way . research has shown that my dog is ... ^ ^ ^ that's good advice right there . [ / quote ] so transparent . : tongue : and i bet they didn't ignore any future notes . in fact , if this girl's parents had followed through on all the empty threats they likely made over the years , she wouldn't be such an entitled pain ... corgigirl you are going to drive yourself crazy over this girl . you need to learn to just ignore the annoying stuff she will continue to do all year long , or you will end up obsessing over it . just ... i think those new smileys are creeping everybody out . even the cheerful ones look depressing . just because that frankenstein monster is smiling doesn't mean i get a warm fuzzy . he mentioned his hectic life recently . i wonder if his interaction in the intellectual thread last night caused him to reflect that he could use a break from the site . i only have a facebook account so i can track my brother who is traveling the world . i've never posted a status , or anything else for that matter . i can't believe some of the things people post on ... i love to travel but cruises aren't my cup of tea ( tried it once ) . i don't like forced socialization ( dinner seating with strangers ! ) and following an externally-imposed schedule . and cruises seem ... actually , to get technical ( my favorite thing to do ) , i don't see how her comment violated this rule . the exact comment : this isn't an insult or degradation against groups or specific members ... i love the oatmeal . so funny . http://s3.amazonaws.com/theoatmeal-img/comics/minor_differences/motorists.jpg http://s3.amazonaws.com/theoatmeal-img/comics/minor_differences/pedestrians.jpg fixed it for you . this thread is a good place to post a few photos from my recent trip to glacier national park in montana . there's an album with some more of my favorites on my profile page .  ... '