' as embarrassing as that website is , lol . i have created a myers-briggs blog called myersbriggswithintplivi and i post thoughts about life as an intp and other thoughts . i'd love to have some ... as an intp female who googled intp female to see if i'm the only intp female with no friends , i would say at this exact moment that it does suck ... but it kind of depends on when you ask me , because ... books , paper , and a pencil could keep me sane for a little while , but the thought of that entertainment running out / losing its joy itself would probably start to drive me insane , and then when i did ... you know , i actually think i react differently each time . sometimes i become inanimate and do nothing but watch tv and cry very easily ( one time , i collapsed on the couch and listened to my sleeping ... my entp friend is actually much less organized than i am . but she is far better at handling most other external-world things , like trying new things and interacting with people . it's the ne . :) ... i definitely agree with the out of sight , out of mind thing . no matter how much i like a person , i rarely initiate anything . i do mean to - like you said , at some point in the future - but it ... okay , i didn't have the focus to read the thing , but this is my advice : i almost always get infp on those tests because i have feelings . i don't know why the tests think that thinking means ... oh my god , i actually think about this all the time ! i believe in uncertainty . i think everyone should understand that they will never be absolutely right , and therefore should never be convicted and ... i actually do speak my mind ... but the problem is that it's hard for me to speak my mind without acting more energetic and excited than i actually am ( because i know it helps me fit in better , ... actually , yes ... i really like to do controversial things , but including the things in your list , and less out of curiosity than ... well , maybe it is out of curiosity ! oh my god , why do i do that ? ... yeah , i'm so afraid of losing my freedom .. i love being open to all new possibilities , which sounds insensitive , but like you said , i'm always afraid i'll run into someone better . i think i just have ... well , if i were in her shoes , i would want you to express your feelings about her phone usage that are directly related to you , maybe saying something like , i don't mean to be a jerk , but i would ... personally , i have some kind of inability to defend any position i do not legitimately hold . ( if i do try , it's always in a hypothetical kind of way ; people don't usually mistake it for my actual ... well , i have learned that , as a person , i avoid any commitments , no matter how small , because they make me feel trapped . it doesn't matter if the commitment is to skip through a field of dandelions ... well , you see , the words i want to be with you forever may sound positive to you , but they are terrifying to me . this is how uncommitted , new relationships feel to me : oh , i like them so much ! ... i am actually not very quiet . i am not * emotionally * expressive , but i do share my ideas pretty freely . this year i've started to quiet down because i'm realizing no one ever cares about or responds ... my favorite person in life so far is an entp , and my least favorite people have all been isfj's or esfj's , although esfj's are alright if things stay on a light level . my sister is an esfj and she is ... what is your opinion on reality external , or independent , to thoughts ? oh my god , i think about this all the time . i drive myself crazy with this question . because i can't escape my own ... extremely inventive strings of words , like : that enormous emptiness carved out of such tiny beings as we are asks to be filled ; the need for the new love is faithfulness to the old - galway ... emotionally . it's a frame of mind . who enjoys a relationship spent clinging to the idea of an escape route ? that's not ideal to me . but that's because that's what my frame of mind would be if i was ... i've had so many daydreams about being a nomad . the complete lack of commitment is the biggest appeal , in my opinion . oh , god , i've imagined living in an rv , a houseboat , a motorcycle ... i crave it ... i am intp with an enfj mother , so the context is very different , but i can definitely identify a couple of things : from my mother's point of view : olivia never comes out of her room and never shows ... well , this is a very personal opinion of mine so by no means do i suggest that this is true or should apply to everyone , but it seems to me like marriage is just a way to say you can't leave now ... i really don't memorize anything well . sequences are actually the worst - chronology between unrelated events as well as strings of numbers . actually , the best way for me to remember a string of ... i actually didn't do any research - what i did was a graph that was basically a y = x , with pleasantness of an idea on the y-axis and truth of an idea on the x-axis and then i put a huge cancel sign ... when i think eccentric , i get kind of a sad picture of someone who is odd and misunderstood because , although he is just as relatable as the next person , he doesn't know how to play the game that is ... i think every thinking type does this , using a different word . mine is objectivity . objectivity is my source of security , i realized . i feel like i'm drowning or something if i try to let go of it , ... lol , that's where we differ . i actually never argue for the sake of argument ( if that's what you're saying ... ? ) i only argue if i think someone's wrong . i feel a need to explain to them exactly ... i like debates unless the other person takes it down an irrational road ( yelling , interrupting , changing the subject , ugh ) or i realize that we disagree on something very fundamental that i had ... this is almost exactly what i do . except that my uncertainties come more from my fear of being wrong / having written it more badly than i thought i had / other things ... i really wish i had some ... anything complex , though for me it's usually abstract complex things - like , obviously , i can't stop coming back to myers-briggs , and i can also spend hours researching philosophy ... i love ... hahahahahahhaha thank you ! ! ( there is a little part of me that wants to be a slut . i think that picture is of her . heh ) love for me has a lot more to do with a mutual appreciation of each other's ideas ( of course , this is not universal , but for me , i think this is love ) and understanding of one another . it's something ... okay . no doubt , my number one favorite movie scene of all time is the scene in mulholland drive in which the two girls go to that creepy theater , club silencio or whatever it was called . for those ... my attitude towards religion right now is that the conclusions i've reached seem so simple to me that talking about it when i know most people where i live haven't reached these conclusions ... i do this aaall the time . it's because names themselves don't mean anything . i've read whole stories for english class then failed the quiz the next day because i forgot the main character's name ... i definitely know what you mean about expressing what you think is needed in the situation . it was actually my new year's resolution this year to stop doing that . i hate ittt i feel like i'm ... i actually feel that i am extremely sensitive in that i sense people's insecurities within minutes of meeting them and am careful to avoid them conversationally , but i'm not sensitive in that i know ... i definitely do the pen thing and i definitely talk to myself . ahh something really embarrassing that i do is , at school , suddenly , how ridiculous everything is just strikes me , and i start laughing ... yes , and i intentionally chase after those topics because once i understand something , it loses its beauty . it's why i love philosophy , psychology , and music , and my instinctual love of the ocean , i ... i don't usually put my clothes on backwards , but i see what you're saying about doing airheaded things when interacting with the real world - i often do things like take my laundry basket to watch tv , ... what i like in a song is sincerity . if i can really feel whatever the artist is supposed to be feeling , i love it . that's why i don't really like dramatic ballads ( insincere ) or really fast ... * interjects * i dated an infp , and he was very often high * leaves wondering if that was a comment of any value hee hee oops * * pokes head back in * but when he wasn't , he was a little bit dreamy ... movies donnie darko mulholland drive albums i don't really pay attention to albums ( i'm like the only one , heh ) songs ( as of right now ) this sentence will ruin / save by born ruffians cherry ... why is objectivity so compelling ... hm ... i think for me , it's not that objectivity is compelling so much as that subjectivity is repelling . i think i'm terrified of being wrong / believing something ... you're right , but i'm jaded . i really don't find anyone interesting and it always turns into people leeching onto me after i am too nice to them for too long . just a bunch of uncomfortable situations ... i don't believe in souls i believe that understanding ( and therefore , good communication ) is the solution to just about everything ( as opposed to love . love is a side effect of understanding , the ... lol , no you're right , i am the student and not the teacher about social things , believe me xd i should have just said that i need to stop pretending that i am interested in people after i discover ... lol , that's what i'm asking . i just see some minor differences between myself and the majority of male intp's and i was hoping to get some feedback about it . the main one is our attitude towards ... sure ! a lot of t's love being a t so much that they completely ignore their f side and anything emotional . they still have an f side , but they kind of deny it . some p's love being p so much that they ... '