' indeed you could . i would advise against comparing conspiracy theories to religion , they're completely different and it's a faulty connection that people often make . religion is indoctrinated onto ... the video is a hint to me . from it i can draw no conclusions , i just acknowledge that it is strange and unignorable . i advise against projecting a belief against it and using it to dismiss it ... fellow 548 tritypes , what do you think of this ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=yeE9Aaez3jc inguz , i agree completely . i feel this place we're in is more a cheap knock ... inguz , really like that avatar . do you believe that ? that we're in some sort of illusionary reality ? 548 checking in anyone else utterly fascinated with weird things like conspiracies , aliens , or ghosts ? i'm an enfp sx / so 548 . so yes . be glad you're not me . i make orgonite in my spare time . orgonite.info - orgonite information , links and resources enfp type 5w4 here . anyone have any insight or ideas on my contradictory types ? what am i * shakes fist at sky * enfp 5w4 here you misunderstand for the 5th time . here's the other four times . listentothemountains understood when i explained because she's not overly defensive . here's her post acknowledging what i ... oh god . i guess i'll have to explain simply . i'm aware he's joking , it's still sabotaging his credibility . that , along with the ad hominem arguments makes it difficult to feel confident in his ... for the third time you haven't read what i'm typing . please read what i say thoroughly so you can actually understand what i'm conveying instead of getting so hyped up and sweaty in the internet ... well no shit lol . i said not to be rude , but why should your opinion should be taken seriously when you advertise such bias like this ? that's not my point , my point is compensation . j's have an advantage in being better in tune with reality and staying organized , p's have an advantage in perception . one of the benefits of being a p ... i'd agree that intjs and intps are probably the smartest type . entj's perhaps . but i lean in favor of the intp's because of compensation . intj's can apply themselves much easier but suffer ... you can't just read the types and figure out which one you are ? you can probably narrow yourself down to three , and then to figure out which is you , just think really hard about it . yeahp , this is basically my current goal in life . looking for people i share that connection with , hanging out with the people i do , or sadly reminiscing about my older good friends . add to that ... yeahp , i actually can't get along with female extraverts very well . what happens is when i meet them i suppose i'm more submissive so i take the role of the quieter one in the relationship . since i'm ... this is adorable . this is adorable . 0 literally whoa weird . should we make out then ? i can't believe this hasn't been posted yet , this was made for nf's . prepare to orgasm . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WXRYA1dxP_0 then why would i include the other enfp ? you're just pissed and being passive aggressive because i embarrassed you . boo hoo lol in this thread : two assholes trying to impress eachother http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G2ExVvhzfCY eyecandy + good music = really enjoyable . you can feel the visuals , if you know what i mean . we're all nfp's so you know what i mean . bump , need 15 posts what am i going to turn into o_o me again - taking my post back . she's an infj , so nevermind . factor in my experience however you like . anakin , and i wouldn't say that's a good thing . glorifies being evil , but yeah . hey , just logged in to say i've experienced the exact same thing , however she's an istj . sometimes i say things and if they're too abstract , she'll look away quickly or pretend she didn't hear . very ... ] ] ] begin . so for some retarded reason i'm not allowed to send a private message to someone until i have 15 posts . why ? who the fuck knows , apparently that's supposed to motivate people to post . i generally ... what is the point of this thread ? - . - evolutionary disadvantage of empathy ? * facepalm * 18149181501 8148181 47 click to enlarge 17978179791 7980 fail i'm an idea machine . being betrayed . it's happened more than once and i have never been filled with more rage . and like previously said , injustice of any kind . it's kind of ridiculous , actually . i play this online video ... hello , this is my first post . i've come to this forum to try to learn more about myself by learning more about other enfps , as i've always felt very lonely in most aspects of my behavior and beliefs ... '