' :( ( ( sorry to hear about that . happy people are so lucky ! ! ! thats the thing . i can't pursue what i love . my dreams are doomed before they were broken . my purpose in life was to live a beautiful life and to be beautiful now it's all gone . i can't be what i ... envy , depression , bdd hey guys ! its been a long time since my last activity here . i hope everyone is doing well and having fun with life . 2 months ago my life started going downhill . idk ... haha sorry didn't see it . i've been dead for like 3 months xd well thats the most attractive thing to have ;) hmm i like his paintings but i have no idea about his personality . :) sorry if you have another artist suggest it i stole it ;) and i agree gaga may be infp . people complain that she is fake and inauthentic ( well when she first started she was acting kinda fake ) but now i think she is one of the most authentic ... tough luv u 2 wednesday mermaid ( btw your name reminds me of mermaid motel ) :D i agree with lana del rey and the persona thing and i see it in a similar way , but don't you think marina is an extrovert , ... dated ( your welcome everyone i changed the chain to death , basically i cheated ) edit : looking on the previous posts someone already caught me lol i agree 100 % try it yourself ;) not to mention evil in this world is not just a drop . both ways it will turn black . at least you have friends * dramatic music starts playing with the violin out of tune * oh look entp leaving his ideas and work to talk :P im so sad i even cry when happy ( tbh i always feel like a hypocrite when criticizing ixfps :( ) a drop of ink will make water turn black . everyday i hate humanity more and more . everyday i hate our existence and our world . i hate myself everyday . we are savages , we are just like animals but with hypocrisy . im so disgusted . as for being savages and like animals . we are savages and hypocrites yes . but being good inside cant prevent you from becoming evil thank u :) death alice lets go to wonderland 353066 it doesnt have to be accurate ;) just like i said its for fun i agree . but look at ni and ne . one is like roots to the trunk and ne is like trunk to the branches . fi light comes from the inside like the sun and fe is like the moon it reflects others light . se ... i like yours ! i would love to see object symbols you know like something you can touch ! i like derailing threads a lot sorry everyone is taking better on the internet a trait of shy people or introverted ? when i am not facing someone im not as tense and i talk better ... actually nice symbols . but i wanted some contrast . ( like sun / moon , past / present . i think symbols become more legit that way ) :P banished from a space ship 353042 also a song called money hunny :P gunny hunny ( its a thing ) warning this is a joke . ti : robot ( or computer ) te : machine or steering wheel fi : heart ( sun ( is the light ) or microphone ) fe : hands ( moon ( reflects light ) or speaker ) se : eyes si : camera ... unify ( dont start the unit thing again plz ) its my morals . i am still taming my human nature to follow these morals . i was lol but most of the time they are fishing for compliments . maybe they have low self confidence ... you dont have to praise them too much just tell them of course you are beautiful and then throw i find ... isfp ( nice colors and stuff :) wisdom is not about telling the truth , its about saying the right thing at the right time . lies are good and helpful sometimes . i dont believe the truth is always better . you gotta compromise ... still to me it sounds mean . if i don't like them i would say yeah you are beautiful . everyone one is unique . [ then i will point something i like about them or at least tolerate . ] . sorry but i ... how can you say i dont find you attractive to someone ? i cant understand . even if you think they are monsters you can't say that . its common sense people . fridge ( gosh im hungry ) the story , characters everything is beautiful not to mention the kimonos and the music . chairman's waltz ( the credits theme ) gets me everytime . as stated above its hauntingly beautiful . any ... mine : $ fi for the feeling se for scenes , music and dancing ni for how at the end everything connects and you see the big picture . true lol but i am into lolita and lana del rey . but its so sad . do you have any suggestions for a sad movie ? like titanic and moag ... if it has beautiful scenes and objects would be awesome ( u know ... its my sanctuary . i love ni's . i feel they are mystical . and a lot of them are here . do you guys like memoirs of a geisha ? oh yeah i forgot to cry about the last scene now thank you : , ( ( ( if u want pop stuff choose something that is easy to write . easy to pronounce , easy to find . also it gotta be short and simple . not only ear grabbing but also eye grabbing . try to make it meaningful ... titanic is hijacking threads again heading towards an ice berg . the love story was really cheesy to be honest ( another romeo and juliet . but most of the stories are like that : rich girl poor boy fell ... true :) i feel im taking the stereotypes too seriously haha . i should focus on functions . ( who the heck doesn't get feely from titanic . yesterday i watched it and cried and cried . i tried to act ... '