' i actually feel very similar to what you described yourself feeling like . i have thought about therapy though i've never had the money for it . and like you said i've already diagnosed my problems . ... i finish the exam with a different pen and immediately afterward seek out a black light . i go back to the classroom and try to explain the situation to the teacher ( hopefully he'll understand ) . then ... pros passionate good to hear different viewpoints keeps my psychopathy in check cons irrational clingy i don't fully understand them i'm not one myself but i do know a isfp atheist . i think she probably is cause she was raised atheist . something along the lines of this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j-jALEVEo9k that's right . pepperidge farm was behind it . and i think fred the christmas egg was in on it too . ( you'll get it if you watched the video ) personally i think elizabeth is an entp . booker appears to be an istj . lutece twins i think are also entp's . though more stereotypical entp than elizabeth . comstock i think is an infj . daisy ... hey aya i apologize for lateness . i have very little information on how to navigate this site . i would insult you but your apathy shield is impenetrable . here's what i think tyrion lannister : entp daenerys targaryen : infj cersei lannister : estj tywin lannister : intj jamie lannister : estp joffrey baratheon : the person who's name is listed to the ... [ quote = nezmith ; 5035434 ] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZWAmoUYRNbg only bad guys get videos like that . ( the hungarian version at 4:50 is my favorite ; i wonder if all hungarians laugh like ... i agree . i sure would like to talk about my undying love for dishonored with someone . so how is it we go about making a thread ? i don't quite know how to post one yet . i'm somewhat new here . you know thinking about it i think this entire album is great . it's worth checking out . oh yeah the ghost inside is great . i almost actually did that one instead of this one . seems like there are a couple of ludo fans here . i rather like that song . glad i know about it . http://youtu.be/fPc0ivhgTmI flight 370 was attacked by an army of teleporting christopher walken nazis with mutant pterodactyl wings . they teleported the plane to their secret underwater minority torture base . where they ... i don't really think any nt's would make good spy's . the role of nt's would be more behind the scenes work . i think in a secret spy organization these would be the roles for nt's . intj - detective ... light yagami from death note & andrew ryan from bioshock though the subject of light yagami being a bad guy is debatable . wow there's an 8 - bit version for everything . and until now i had no clue that fight club was a game . http://youtu.be/Jaw7u2t-9UQ i didn't see that actually . though i love dishonored as well . played through it three times . it was worth the replays . i quite like this one as well . love how powerful it sounds .  ... it sounds nice . relaxing . i think i'm actually gonna remember this one . http://youtu.be/p0NFGgl7Cqs i wish you would have included agnosticism in the poll . i can understand why you don't like screaming . i personally love it though . and nice avatar by the way . http://youtu.be/vP0ngiMBnas i know i'm an entp though i would like to say i know what you're talking about . for awhile i was very depressed because i realized i was pretty horrible deep down . i only got out of it cause i ... answer to your questions 2 . ways how to fix the car . 3 . go to the party and don't drink . if i'm pressured i still say no . 4 . i don't say anything on the matter . people have different ... i personally love the song it's set to . ( go do by jonsi ) you should check it out . i'm not a huge fan of rap . though even though i dont love it i can tell this is pretty well done . in other words i ... la poem , i am your best friend said the bagel to the walrus . and without hesitation the walrus replied well though i am flattered there's no need my friend . for i know that you will love me to ... that appears to be a can . i don't see why this is relevant . playing bioshock 2 and watching code geass . yes . less distractions . and after being through the entire day i usually have good ideas to write about . entp , a definition for the indefinable . yeah i think in the beginning evey was a ixfp . though i think she became a thinker after v's interrogation thing . she said herself she couldn't feel anything anymore . v killed her feeling side so she ... i agree . you don't need to be a thinker to be smart . i have an enfj friend who is actually very intelligent despite ti being his inferior function . having dominant fe and inferior ti means not that ... i'm an entp and an agnostic . i was raised very christian but i always had my doubts . i do like to listen to buddhist talks though . they have helped me very much in life . anyway buddhism is more of a ... personally i think v is an enfj . he has a very strong sense of right and wrong and he seems to act very much like a teacher to evey . i have an enfj friend who is very much like v and enfj's are known ... too me you seem like an intuitive . i am an entp and i take this as a compliment . i am an entp and i take this as a compliment . '