i don't think this score is that important . i knew a guy that was around 135 , but he was a jerk and cheated on his girlfriend , and everyone at school knew and it was a total drama . i think it's more ... your photos are awesome ! the one that i liked the best was the one with the snow falling . the first one is amazing ! it remembers me the 80 ' s , i don't know why . it's weird because i'm just 20 . i never keep my eyes on other people eyes for too long because , or i think they may feel uncomfortable , or i feel uncomfortable myself looking at them for too much time . two more , just to try photobucket . i hope you like them . http://i525.photobucket.com/albums/cc338/buki1091/IMG_0481.jpg http://i525.photobucket.com/albums/cc338/buki1091/IMG_0532.jpg thank you very much ! i'lll post some pictures later just to try . 3 : my mother ( esfj ) , my sister ( estj ) and my father ( istj ) . no one is even intuitive . i'm so this ! but for me is way more different . most people don't call me , don't text me and don't come to my house . i'm lucky if someone call me on msn . they just come for help and then leave . it's ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X-4tnD5TMwM i was going to write down something but regret because it became unclear . i also overthink a lot about everything.when reading the post i remembered when i moved for college to another city and my cousin was living there , so he looked for me and we used to hang out once in ... thanks ! that one was the most spontaneous of the three . i did it , though the pictures are not awesome cause i got my first dslr yesterday and i'm just learning how to use it . i also had to lower the resolution of the pictures because of the freaking error . how do i upload my pictures ? everytime i try it throws me an error . i really want to share some with you . - i know , before i talk to someone , if that's gonna end in friendship or nothing . - i sometimes know things seconds before they're about to happen . - i know what could hurt someone , but i never use ... gryffindor - 13 ravenclaw - 11 hufflepuff - 9 slytherin - 9 p . s . dementia in absentia , i love your signature . it's awesome ! january , the 10th . i'm dealing with the same things ! i sometimes doubt being infj . about the routine i do exactly the same almost everyday and about decision making , sometimes i know what i want but then it comes ... recently , i discovered that i'm actually and infj . i did the enneagram test before discovering that infp was not my type and i had very similar results with the 3-4- 5 . then , when i saw the ... i don't know if this is a psychic thing but there have been several times i say people something they're about to tell me . also , one day it happened that i was in a big crowded street and i ... i get along well with healthy estj's ( my sister ) , but i don't get along well with esfj's . my mother is one of them and she is very bossy . she's always giving me orders , for her we're all unfair and ... since i was a child , i've always felt that i'm not accepted at all . kids used to reject me no matter what . some of them used to look at me with disgust . some others used to be my friends , but at the ... i used to have a friend who was always asking me to take them to places . usually , when we had to work in teams , we used to get together in his girlfriend house ( i always ended doing 3/4 part of the ... boy : i like the name explained as the ' ' honorable rule ' ' , and also the name that means ' ' strong power ' ' . girl : i like the name that means ' ' god is my might ' ' . i have insomnia , and i get stressful when waiting too much time in places i don't really like . haha , that's very true ! yeah ! that's so true ! ... when you know your only home is your bedroom , and you get mad when someone else gets in while you're not in there ( and sometimes when you're actually there ) . - the orphanage ( the spanish movie ) and metropolis . adam young ( owl city ) ... though he may also be enfp . giraffes ! and i also love llamas and sheeps ! : laughing : - darkness . - to stop being who i am . - to kill a person while i'm driving . - to not pursue my dreams . - to die before seeing my family for one last time . - to lose my creativity . it looks ... i'm from mexico . : blushed : my favorites were : - hanzel & gretel - rapunzel ( the idea of a woman with extra large hair seems pretty awesome . i wish it could someday be real ! ) it sometimes seems weird since i'm a man , ... same as me . once i applied for a special program in high school and when i got in , i wasn't happy anymore . i left the program one semester later . same happens when i try to write a book : i'm good at ... i'm good doing algebra . the rest ... i guess it's not for me . have you read ' ' wicked ' ' by gregory maguire ? it's an awesome book ! if you haven't read it , i recommend it to you . you'll have hours of fun . everytime i know someone new , everytime i'm asked if i consume drugs , or if i'm gay . sometimes it's pretty frustrating because it's always the same . have this happened to you ? something else ... i'm actually a senior in high school , but i want to study audiovisual communication . it's about producing and editing video clips . they also teach you to write scripts for commercials , movies or tv ... i'm ' ' the dude who knows fucking everyone ' ' . it describes me in some way , but i don't go to say hi to people . they usually come to me . 1 . i've never kissed a girl , even though i'm 19 . i'm waiting for the right girl . 2 . whenever i listen to music of songs that don't have a music video , i create it in my mind . it's pretty fun . 3 ... i don't really know how to tell you how much but i had a long blackout of one afternoon . i got drunk at 3 p . m . and by 8 p . m . i recovered myself just because i barfed like 10 times at the park . i ... hey ! i love to party and i would like to party all weekend but people just don't want me there so here are my favorites : 1 . - vodka ( smirnoff ) 2 . - barcardi razz 3 . - tequila 4 . - whisky 5 . - beer ... [ quote ] yes , yes , welcome comrade ! another one for the enfp team , hurrah ! go enfps ! / quote ] comrade ! i love that word . it's so classy ! ( i really mean it ! it's not a joke . ) : tongue : yeah , it's creepy and awful . i'm a high school senior and people love me at school , but when school is over , they don't try to look for me or hang out with me . i fit in almost any clique but i have ... i listen to some music and imagine the music video i made in my mind . if that doesn't work , i ask myself philosophical questions as ' ' how is that possible that a person can hear , feel , smell , breath , ... two words : deep relationships . : sad : i don''t belong to any or maybe i belong in all of them but slightly . people always do parties and never invite me , but i don't understand this people . they say hi to me , try to talk with me and have ... ' ' in the future , jails will be safer than not being in them . ' ' same with me . something else is that when we need to take a decision , we think that the option we'll choose will make us happier than now , but it happens that once we took the decision , sometimes it ... in every dream i have there's violence . the last dream i had goes this way : i was driving and someone else was in the other seat with me . i had the feeling he was my friend but i didn't recognize ...