' nothing against supertramp , but ... abba . i was just starting to get back into shape a little by running and skiing when i injured my back repotting an 8 foot money tree . that was 4 weeks ago . it still isn't quite right but i went for a run ... i've never enjoyed being drunk . i hate not being able to control my body . even worse is not remembering a chunk of time . but i love beer and scotch whiskey ... almost any whiskey really , though scotch ... my mom was enfp and my dad is intj . french toast made with jalapeno cheddar bread from a local bakery with maple syrup . fig bar getting ready to make dinner peach salsa with blue corn chips grilled corn , carrots , zucchini , and ... i love adventure and physicality . i am , at age 60 , still an accomplished athlete . i can't run like i did even 6 or 7 years ago , but i am still at the top of my game in skiing . my parents put me on ... i love abba . and i love the carpenters . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evETS8_WFGE we've been looking at downsizing because by far the biggest chunk of our net worth is tied up in the house we live in . we love this house but we know we won't be able to afford to live here paying ... i was kind of antisocial in high school , which was the early seventies . i hung out with older kids until my senior year and then i was just biding my time until i would be free . the work was easy and ... tortillas , refried pinto beans , 3 eggs sunnyside-up , cheese , a chicken cutlet , and pork green chile . the drink is apple cider vinegar , honey , and hot water . this is my breakfast most days . 707065 i have friends and co-workers in every generation . i see no generational conflict at all . whether in business or on the slopes , if you can hang , nothing else matters . if you can't do the work or if ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=urglg3WimHA i almost died . flatline in the ambulance . but i didn't die and as it turned out , i didn't have a heart attack . i had an allergic reaction-induced vagus nerve vasospasm that cushed one of my coronary ... oatmeal with cinnamon , brown sugar , butter , and half and half kale smoothie with veggies , banana , oj carrots and celery with peanut butter fig bar cherries salmon onigiri umeboshi onigiri mabo ... potato , pinto bean , egg , cheese and green chile tacos kale smoothie with peach , strawberries , banana , carrots , and celery skipped lunch to go running japanese curry rice with chicken and ... i haven't had housemates other than my spouse for more than 20 years . but i don't think about compatibility in terms of type . for me it has always been about living in a harmonious environment . so as ... i break out into song all the time . if something reminds me of a quote from a movie , i can't resist saying it in the voice of the character , even when nobody will have any idea what i'm talking ... oatmeal with butter , cinnamon , and brown sugar salmon onigiri ume onigiri celery and carrots with peanut butter fig bar kale smoothie ribs sausage fried pickles fried okra panquakes with fresh cherries and blueberries , butter and grade a vermont maple syrup a kale , peach , celery . carrot , orange , banana , yogurt smoothie oyako domburi tapas--bacon-wrapped dates , ... muscle spasms used to be attributed to electrolyte imbalance and prevailing wisdom was to drink electrolyte replacement drinks like gatorade . but now we know that muscle spasms are due to ... i don't drink . i don't smoke . i hate bars . i hate sporting events . i don't even like to go out to dinner . i'm happy doing my own things and if some extraverts want to enjoy those same things , they ... most people think i am an enormous risk taker . and in some areas of my life , i would have to agree my risk tolerance is pretty high . i'm what used to be called an extreme skier . i spend as much of my ... i have an addictive streak and a tendency to procrastinate . but i don't have much trouble knuckling down and imposing structure and discipline on myself when i know that is what's necessary . some of ... oatmeal base bar ( dark chocolate and supergreens ) figs kale smoothie with oj , carrots , celery , and banana ham and cheese sandwich english muffin chicken noodle soup pizza i would live my whole life outdoors if that were practical right now . i've lived in a tent backpacking for weeks at a time in all seasons . being out in nature alone or with a few close friends is ... if your feet are cold , put on a hat . chew your corn well or you'll see it again tomorrow . when in doubt , apply speed . if the final exam is tomorrow and you haven't begun to study yet , you ... we already live in the coolest small mountain city ( boulder ) in a beautiful house that we designed and built ourselves . but we won't be able to afford to live here in retirement . so we are looking to ... i made a huge batch of vegetarian green chile today . i usually make it with pork but i went with what i had . my freezer is full of roasted green chiles from last fall and i had not made a batch in a ... i was feeling as down as i've ever been . i had been sick , which led to me losing my career , having trouble in relationships , preferred being alone , and knew that withdrawing like i was would not be ... thank you for your kind words , lord pixel . two months ago ( i posted about this somewhere on perc ) i collapsed during a walk after dinner with my spouse . i suddenly experienced a rapid succession of ... i am very good at math . i enjoy solving difficult problems and i could always crush word problems on tests . arithmetic , though , i lack the patience to do repetitive tasks . i can do it ok in my head ... i too make my own pizza from scratch . i'll make enough dough for 4 pizzas and put 3 in the freezer for later . i don't like too much sauce or too much cheese , so i prefer to make them myself . they are ... i've had a complicated relationship with the police . for a long time my distrust of authority--which is still strong--was rooted in interactions i had with the police starting around age 9 . i needed ... i voted ambi but i have always thought i was really left handed and was forced to do things with my off hand so much i eventually got better with it than i am with my left ... kindasorta . i can ... i wanted to say 11 but actually voted 9 . i like what of oreo said about it being a response to invalidation . people i work with don't get why i'm more sensitive than they are when they are the ... i'm grateful that i am still alive after the last few months , which culminated in a coronary arterial spasm that flatlined me in the ambulance and showed me the white light . yesterday , my ... totally . in modern office situations we are forced to work with people who may openly despise us and who sabotage and backstab as a normal course of behavior . i have experienced this in every place i ... three egg-potato-green chile-cheese tacos for breakfast apple ham-cheese-power greens sandwich on baguette for lunch with a kale smoothie have not decided what's for dinner yet . the wizard of oz chinatown blade runner the stunt man dr . zhivago the big lebowski the manchurian candidate dr . strangelove ran mononoke hime i voted i never get physical but i will give someone a piece of my mind . my younger brother always thought he should be the oldest and he beat me up every day to try and prove it . i just let him ... branchmonkey , i don't understand quite how this is suppose to work but i chose a song for you . i don't know if that means you have to sing it or not . i wasn't going to sing gilda's song . you did a ... i am an allergic kid . my immune , endocrine , and autonomous nervous systems are completely haywire . i've had many near death experiences due to food ( tree nut ) allergy , including three weeks ago when ... selfish , inconsiderate posers i'm an instructional designer and corporate trainer . the best thing about it is the wide variety of activities it involves . as long as i feel engaged and connected to the corporate strategy , it isn't ... i didn't know you were dealing with this too . three weeks ago i collapsed on an evening walk around my neighborhood . i couldn't put any air into my lungs . i was crumpled up on the pavement vomiting ... cannabis indica a book drinking no alcohol helps me sleep better . at least 4 hours after eating before bed ... 6 is better . eating less for dinner means my stomach is less upset when i lie down ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ew17cg6pCCI fish oil supplements with dha and eha . they don't do anything one time only , but over time , they have helped both my wife and me recover from depression . also as many are saying , exercise . and some ... i feel relaxed and comfortable in my own skin during and after being alone for a while . i have the greatest friends i could imagine and i love being with them . but it exhausts me . if i don't see them ... i'm always glad to see other skiers here in perc ! my first paying job was a paper route . i had to get a job to pay for ski equipment at 13 after i broke my skis jumping off cliffs in the ... '