' thinking about transgender stuff ... it's hard to deny that it's weird . it is . i think even the most staunch activists can realize that what they're doing isn't normal and is going to raise some ... not at all . i'm seen as far too modest , which i've been told directly on several occassions . go the fuck away . leave me alone . i don't care if you're related to me . you're fucking obnoxious . i'm not the only one who thinks so . please just be more mature . you're ridiculous . yup . i thought the same thing at first . if i'm that socially retarded , how am i going to let my heart and soul out to a total stranger ? for whatever reason , it works , maybe because they're trained ... i've been trying to read the bible front to back , so i guess that sort of counts as theology ? xd hmm ... lots of philosophy . at one point , i was trying to teach myself russian . i taught myself a ... this is exactly how i always felt . i was supposedly smart , but i never really fit in with the gifted crowd . they all seemed way too interested in stuff that i never really cared about . and as far as ... so i came across this psychological concept called a schema . basically , it's a set of preconceived ideas about something , like a mentla photograph , that you use when you think about something . it's ... be careful what you throw away . you might never get it back . i've learned over the years that atheism and music don't mix very well . as a secular person myself , this disappoints me . i think it's best we cut our losses and keep on lecturing at ted instead xd people my age are supposed to have little to no executive function in their brains , right ? if that's the case , i'm very much relieved . things are looking much brighter for the future , even if they do ... well , looks like i'll have spend the next few months patching up the hole in my brain from that one ... it's like trying to put one mirror onto the side of another mirror that's reflected . in short , it can't be done . divide by zero . why is pride considered a sin ? trying to make people insecure and subservient now , are we ? fucking society ... the short answer is yes . i listen to a lot of dark metal , electronica , industrial , and what have you . even when i'm not feeling sad , i like that music . i wonder why that is ... i think i'm mostly kinesthetic . i think kinesthetically , that's for sure . i'm big about the way things feel . if something doesn't flow right , i can't remember it . i don't necessarily learn with my ... i really need to find some time to carefully check these articles . i've been on a mind science binge lately , and this is pure gold . so the general consensus of the intp community at the moment is ... i'm not big on platonic physical contact . if i'm going to be touching someone , i'd prefer that we were both invested in each other . it's a sign of deep togetherness for me , and i don't like the way ... i'm known for modesty , so i find this whole concept a bit strange . however , i guess i do get pretty annoyed with people internally . left to myself , i'm pretty quick to push people away that i ... why do people listen to music ? isn't it a little weird that people get so much enjoyment out of listening to organized noise ? why can't i see my face ? whoever invented the warm-air hand ... i seem to frequently slip into 2nd and 3rd order cognition . it's usually a result of me doubting my thinking and trying to think about my thinking to make it better . also , ever think about your ... an intp is someone who does that thing that he does that no one else does and never stops doing it , and then he goes crazy . i believe in a more pantheistic kind of god ( you might call it spinoza's god , but i'm really not sure ) , but as far as the normal notion of god goes : one of the things that will always bother me is ... i know i have depression ( confirmed ) , and i've suspected dysthymia from what i've read , but i can't be certain . self diagnosis is an awful idea , not to mention that i'm young , which messes with ... i second that notion . things aren't good yet . they're not even ok yet . but they're not bad , and they could definitely be much , much worse . for this reason , i am satisfied . i tried being a good genius , but that didn't ... i'm a teenager , so i don't know if this really counts , per se , but i'm just coming out of a pretty nasty depressive period that lasted about 6 years . i don't want to say it's gone yet , but it's ... i recognize all the stages that the op put up , but i don't think they all necessarily occur in that order , or if they're all present within one episode . i do know , however , that things can get ... i couldn't imagine living my life any other way , but i'm not very comfortable with the type yet ... probably a teenager thing . i'm sure it's a very useful type to have once you get comfortable in your ... i'm the same way . you seem to have the kind of self-doubt that plagues most intps , and your emotions seem to be more externally based , indicating fe . i'd hedge a bet you're an intp with a highly ... here's a little of my rambling stream of consciousness for ya : sometimes i have to wonder if anything's wrong with me for thinking that so many things are wrong with me . it can't be true . surely ... some conversations never happen . they float around in the air and they're supposed to happen , but they don't . why ? because it's too awkward for anyone to be honest . they're probably important too ... lawyer bullshit . trying to make something that's obviously a personal opinion sound like a fact . people who will do lots of volunteer work and take lots of advanced classes just to polish their ... does the temperature of and / or covering on your feet affect how well you sleep ? this came to me today when i fell asleep on my couch and i covered up my feet under some pillows to keep them from ... i mean this in the least offensive way possible , and i hope you can forgive me for writing it : have you considered that you might be the arrogant one , rather than him being arrogant for valuing ... i have things like this happen to me too , not necessarily with homosexuality , but with things like am i going to hell ? or what if reality is all an illusion ? it's a bit disconcerting , but from ... reminds me of a conversation i just had . i was actually apologizing because i was afraid something i said made no sense , and then my friend gets it and says remember : i'm on your level . now that ... to integrate a polar function , rather than just taking the r value and integrating it , you first have to square it and then divide it by two , then integrate it . why do i find this fascinating ? god ... religion - nope . abortion - indifferent affirmative action - indifferent us ' ' moral authority ' on the world - lol no . cloning - indifferent gay marriage - eh ... leaning towards yes . i just don't ... my lucky number is 11 , but my favorite number is 0 . i like 0 a lot , for some reason . from what i've learned about intps on this forum , i think the best thing to do is to be frank and honest with him . i can't guarantee it won't come off as a bit of a shock to him , and i certainly ... i deal with dysthymia , which pretty much encompasses everything that's wrong with my life at the moment . i think it's mostly due to my environment , though , so it should go away after i get a change ... why is it that what i feel and what i know never seem to match up ? that's a major one . i also ask myself if i'm a bad person , and whether or not it makes me vain to think that i'm not . random topics ... house . seems to represent how i'd like to treat some people , but don't for the sake of getting to know them and being friendly . this always confused me , and i've given it some thought , but have never found an answer i'm satisfied with . if someone's being fake , that's how they really are , isn't it . they're a real fake person , ... i'm getting the feeling that the trend for intps is to be people that appear , act , and to some degree , feel smart , yet don't think they really are . there's always someone out there who's probably ... from other people's perspective , the general consensus seems to be that i'm smart , but i have a hard time believing that . i don't think any differently than anyone else , i'm just interested in ... you go ahead and keep telling yourself that ... xd sorry about the double post , but i'm always like this too . could have something to do with my general skepticism of compliments people give me . i feel like they're not being sincere , especially when ... i used to have nightmares ( daymares , really ) where people i knew's voices would keep saying my name over and over again . it made me want to ram a cinderblock into my face . aside from that , some ... on average , a neuron in your brain has connections with 7000 other ones . '