' not true . i have contacts whom i have contacted on whatsapp before yet this feature does not appear . hi guys , not sure if this is the place to ask this . i was scrolling through my iphone contacts and noticed that for some of my contacts , there is a feature called instant messaging ( found in ... this sounds so similar to a situation i was in previously , though not on a romantic level . i would say be wary of those who come close to you without any good reason to , even if it seems to be for a ... there is --> the ignore list . so people like me who reply live a half life ? : crying : listening to stay with me by punch and chanyeol , though i don't understand 99 % of the lyrics . : crazy : when you can laugh at yourself , you know what is real humor . don't stuff down your anger , let it out by doing something like punching bags or some form of exercise . release that energy before you rationalize on anything . others have given good advice as well , ... uh , actually i am surprised at some of the issues that get infracted when i visit the ban room , and equally surprised that some glaringly baiting posts never get infracted . i don't know the judgment ... i don't know , but i do feel like smacking his face whenever he speaks . he just have the smack me pls look when he talks - could be a sign that his speech is really done in a trance-like delusion ? ... the little boy is an angel with a big heart . thanks for sharing this and i'm sorry to hear the loss . while your optimism is admirable , i beg to differ because it doesn't touch down with reality . history will often repeat itself , it has been known to repeat itself , unless people make an effort to ... the exact opposite . it is precisely because i am so intuitive as infj that i can sense a person's intentions / emotions way before they have done anything , and that is not always pretty to know . anyone ... came to that realization long ago . i fight only for myself now , to keep myself sane and dignified . nothing else really matters anymore . nothing can be truly optimistic or beautiful if there is ... lol , turning yourself in might be faster if you want a fight . and i thought all this was hypothetical . : rolleyes : why leave a good dining place over a creep-o ? stand your ground . ok i change my answer to the question : yes it is stalker crazy , not just creepy , and the authorities shall be called in . kthxbye you are talking about someone or a group of someone i don't know . too bad for you . because they are too lazy or forgetful to push the flush button ? or maybe they are too environmentally conscious to waste water ? meh . if only there was a career that allows me to write anything i want , and yet give me a paycheck . and no , i don't mean a book series of any sort . geez , i'm starting to believe this thread is just lame . anyhow , i'm not interested in casual hookups , never did , never will . i could care less whether you believe me or not . just stating my two cents anyway . lol , i have faced guys who are just like you , but they stop at the staring . i do get wierded out a bit by the starers , but i don't think much of it unless they start following me home . i think it is ... pretty good , other than a few episodes of annoyance , things are pretty calm these days . :p roud : just one last note for you ( hope you can see this ): i truly hope you will come out of whatever situation you are in stronger , i believe you can because i did . give yourself all the time you need . i ... i know she's talked to professionals , and she's taking meds to help with her moods . i worry for the very thing you mentioned . she picks boyfriends who abuse her . she says she knows she needs to stop , ... that explains the victim mentality a lot . it might be hard for you to understand , but when a child has felt threatened in an environment where he / she should feel safe , this idea of the world being ... it would be best that she see a professional counselor , but first she needs to recognize and acknowledge her issues . try asking why she feels the way she does about people and situations , and it ... i might not fully understand , but all i did was to offer viable solutions to what you've mentioned . you specifically mentioned two things that happened , first you hit a counselor , second you divulged ... why not thesis ? i thought if you want to be a university professor you would need a phd , which would involve writing thesis ? i have anger issues as well , but i've never hit any outsider ... keep looking for psychologists / therapists until you get a solution , not everyone will be a good fit . even the process of looking for a suitable helper might heal you and offer you some insights .  ... do you know the reason ? you might want to see a professional psychologist / therapist to find out the cause . focus on educating and healing yourself first . the rest of your worries are secondary . i understand what you are saying . i am not forcing you to have an experience with god , my main point is that you will not find the satisfaction you seek in this world , no matter how hard you try ... i didn't make it on my own , i never would if i was truly alone . it took years of prayers , tears of desperation , even running away from home and sleeping in the wild and being in physical danger . i ... completely understanding someone's feelings and perceptions is an illusion . i believe these people are seeking someone who will accept their feelings and perceptions rather than a complete ... your feelings are only temporary . i am curious though , who do you want to share your life with ? why are you so keen to do so at this moment ? have you thought of volunteering ? if anything , ... i think the best is first to acknowledge their feelings and help them to recognise what the feelings are if they do not know . validate their suffering , say you are there to hear them out and offer to ... i'm not much better than you , if not worse . grew up in a very hostile / negative family environment , first hand witness to domestic violence since the age of three , survivor of two decades of on-off ... well , since you respect facts , then i might just share with you that i have been on discussion boards where there are functionality of self moderation exactly the same as the one you recommended ... i'm thinking more in terms of stopping a member from posting any more on a particular thread . so far , ignore lists don't have that functionality and the ignored member can still reply to your thread ... only problem is different people have different ideas on what trolls and off-topic posts are ... and it is not economically feasible to monitor every deletion of posts to make sure those deletions are ... wouldn't that require additional moderation resources to tackle abuse of self moderation feature ? i don't see any value in doing so , given that there is already enough normal moderation to do around ... would a discussion thread still be a discussion thread if this is implemented , or a mere collection of assenting views ? :d ry : sorry to burst your bubble , but the potential of abuse for such a ... leave her be and move on . don't waste your energy on people who do not treat you right . 3 . ) how to increase my odds of finding a match in the dating scene ? you need to first know what you are looking for . if you don't have that level of clarity , you will only be groping in the dark ... congrats thomas ! it depends on how you define manipulation . at least from what you have said , all of us engage in a certain level of manipulation in social settings . i doubt anyone on here can confidently say they ... give it time , and stick to your boundaries . sooner or later , he will realise that his way of approaching you isn't working and he will ( hopefully ) adjust and make it more platonic . its a mixed bag . a group of people ( usually the older generation ) and possibly their descendants who are very passionate about and loyal to ccp because they were part of the generation that fought ... less stressful ? i think it is the exact opposite . life in china is anything but easy and stress free - university graduates flood the employment market by the millions per year , inflation is ... '