' provided that you get the chance ... i'm canadian enough to recommend murdoch mysteries . protagonist : inspector (= lieutenant in us police forces ) william murdoch , city of toronto police . ... with that in mind , how would an evil version of serena from sailor moon u200b ( the almost-perfect example of enfp ) operate ? i'm in ( and on ) . 500 miles by the proclaimers https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r1OggKaCFKQ clip courtesy of youtube and user themgnt ; all rights remain reserved . to summarize my work day today ( to the ... there's no such thing as insurmountable this early in a campaign . as for trump himself , hmph ! that piece of you-know-what isn't worth our time . as an intj and as an aspie , i would phrase it the other way around : persons with asperger's syndrome / high-functioning autism are more likely to be intj's than other myers-briggs types . : unsure : it may be the canadian in me , but not taking your shoes off ( as i understand it ) is a sign that you don't intend to overstay your welcome . on our side of the pacific , that expression ... happier is almost beside the point . we feel genuine relief that harper can't muzzle scientists any longer , can't undermine canadian democracy and the canadian way of doing things any longer , and ... fortunately for us all , he has been banished back to the underworld by his fellow-canadians . everything he seemed to stand for in this election was tainted by the power and the works of cosmic ... welcome to personalitycafe , from a male version of sailor mercury ( the brains of the outfit , quieter than most others , so cool that her attacks are based on ice / water , you get the picture ) . rachel prime would be my first choice . maybe rachel greene , with one e added on ? rachel tulane would be my least favorite choice . thanks for the basic information , oligatoryusername . and your explanation makes the tactical element clear enough ; what is the role-playing element ? while rocket-propelled grenade is the usual expansion of rpg in military contexts , you've probably seen for yourself that it means role-playing game here . but what makes a role-playing game ... i recognize that the terms have something to do with secondary education in the uk , but i don't know much more beyond that . could someone walk me through this ? ! : speechless : but how well would happy-go-lucky describe bunny sukino / serena ? ( * sings * she is the one ... you know who ! ) you mentioned anne mccaffrey ; did you read her crystal singer trilogy ? if anything , i find it even better than her pern novels . if you're not afraid of young adult fiction , i also recommend tamora ... my two favourites so far are othello ( starring yaya higuchi ) and k-on ! as for others , only time will tell ... here are a few tropes that don't you dare pity me ! ( and my high-functioning autism spectrum disorder / asperger's syndrome ) think nothing of it ! ( helping others when i can allows me not to feel ... at the risk of showing my age , by the four and only : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mf4KBnSBaZ0 clip courtesy of youtube and user therollingstones ; all rights remain reserved , of course . kim wilde's cover of you keep me hangin ' on by the supremes fits the thread very nicely . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fu69KBR7RMM this particular clip comes ultimately from a 1986 episode of ... give credit to ronaldo for a brilliant cross that led to the game-drawing header . so portugal--unlike spain--lives to fight another day in the group stage . and it's not as bad as you think yet , ... and to make me look completely foolish , the most disturbing film i can think of right now is only the original alien . welcome to personality cafe , omega male . the f * ck * ing genius who came up with that idea wants new guys like us to get busy posting on topics of interest before each of us gets a licence to ... hmmm . for a girl : diana gabrielle ( from my initials ) . for a boy : maybe roderick donald ... welcome to personality cafe , metaldrummer ! i'm from edmonton , ab myself . and you ? why do i think of some sort of chocolate / hazelnut concoction that you can spread on toast when i hear the name nutella ? anyway , keep working on it ! thanks for informing me . continued success in your work , then ! welcome to personality cafe , marky cielo ! one question , however : in saying you are a chemist , do you mean that actually are a scientist who practices chemistry ? in british dialect , for example , ... hmmm ... silly sylvester ? the nattering nabobs of negativism ? daemon depressed ( with or without the e ) ? for a daughter : diana gabrielle ( because my initials are d . g . ) for a son : i'd leave it to the mother , at least for now . sorry to ask this , everyone , but this thread begs the question : apart from keirsey's model , what other models of temperament are there and how do they work ? welcome to personality cafe , judita ! for some reason , however , the thread title makes me think of the paul anka song , diana . how would oh ... please ... stay by me , judita work out ? how can i help ? i'm canadian by birth , and have lived my entire life there . more to the point , i have an amateur interest in canadian history . and so it does . roflmho . to start the year 2014 on the right foot , so to speak : i'm gonna be ( 500 miles ) - - the proclaimers https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbNlMtqrYS0 * sings * now i would walk five hundred miles ... could you elaborate on that ? salut , nerdygirl ! j'habite edmonton depuis une trentaine d'annees . je suis un citoyen du canada qui habite en alberta depuis ma naissance . ma page about me sur ce site web vous fournira ma ... oh , you mean galactica 2.0 ? call me retro , but the use of us navy terminology ( such as cag = commander , air group and admiral as the title of galactica's co ) destroyed any sense that i was in a world ... allow me to indulge my impression of foghorn leghorn , based on the cartoon sequences you presented : that cat at the end shows more wisdom than a hundred foghorn leghorns . the chicken's got all ... i don't think you qualify as being from the yesterdays of personality cafe . after all , you're still active and posting . i think this thread is more intended to give members of personality cafe a ... i happen to sing in a local entry-level choir . so , lover , in what ways are you musical ? do you sing , play one or more instruments , write your own songs ? please elaborate . welcome to personalitycafe , from a fellow canucklehead . but being canadian doesn't tell this guy from edmonton much . for all i know , you could be living anywhere between st . john's , victoria , ... spongebob : and three cheers for the fry cook who took my place while i was gone : squidward ! hip hip ... crowd : boo ! spongebob : hip hip ... crowd : boo ! spongebob : hip hip ... crowd : boo ! ... rather than be forced to listen to them ... shut up and let me go ! ( i'll admit , the adverts from apple featuring that song made me want to shout those words right back at everyone involved in the ... all right then , try me . but whatever you do , do not look at my signature . use only my avatar picture . are we clear ? you keep me hangin ' on : the supremes vs . kim wilde vs . vanilla fudge the supremes : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t3bjMtqpGBw kim wilde : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BY_Zknpc4U8 between bioware ( edmonton ) and ubisoft ( montreal ) , canadians have two respectable game studios of their own . i wonder if there is a distinctively canadian ways of doing games , different from models ... welcome to personality cafe , jubilees ! i took a more conventional route during my university days : one major ( sociology ) and one minor ( psychology ) . apart from that , my signature should tell ... from planes , trains , and automobiles : at exactly 2:00 into this clip : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S9RbwDvpqD4 steve martin ` s character lets john candy ` s character have it right where ... actually , i remember it as part of the krofft super show . deirdre hall may have made her career on general hospital , but something tells me she will be required to remember this . '