' after reading that it seems like python would be a good first language . the reason being is that i got myself stuck getting a career in the medical field , i need to fallow through with some entry ... 95134hks okay , i think i get what you are saying . it's just odd to me , i don't think that i would have shy about that back in 1st grade lol .. but i guess different upbringings , personalty , ext .. ... cybersloth 81 thanks for the response :) [ sorry about the bad grammar , running on very little sleep . ] that is pretty helpful because most people seem to be going for c . because i'm doing ... 95134hks if you are responding to the part about her being very gullible and still acts about 16 at times . i was just trying to create a picture of what she is like , and if that points to a ... hi pc , i'm a math and natural sciences major who can't take a computer class because it's off my ed plan and i won't get any financial aid to help pay for it . for the past month between school ... i have a friend who is female and twenty one years old , i'm a twenty five year old male . the first time i was over at her apartment i was helping her study for a midterm for a class that we were both ... i know these are more mbti questions , but anyone still got a guess ? and if anyone is good at mbti typing , help please :/ lol . factors that may effect my answers : valium . male , 23 , depressed . ... some more , stuff ... by 1 - what makes you angry ? repetitive people , the importance that people place on political correctness . 2 - what do you like / dislike most about people ? i ... combined a lot of questioners . factors that may effect my answers : valium . male , 23 , depressed . depressive disorder nos , anxicty disorder nos and detachment disorder nos . by tigerlily ... my last post was a lie ! just trying to see if i can get any more thoughts . going to reply to each response above me , just need a day i have more time . * bump , one last time . i was going to post this here but i thought i should try this thread first .. that's why it may not look like a direct response the the few posts before this one . i'll respond ... which type would you say , if any come to mind ? i can relate very much to those parts you are describing about yourself , to the point that i could mistake the two quotes above as something ... i can kinda see the tim roth part lol , never really thought of that comparison myself . singer [ / url rubberduckdudette @ [ url = http://personalitycafe.com/members/ketchup.html ] ketchup i'm going to give it to you guys , at this time i agree with ... so i created a thread in the what's my personality type ? topic .. the three types that i was thinking about in order were 1 . entp 2 . intj 3 . istp . reading about cognitive functions that order ... si i'm okay with anyone posting here , i want more people to post lol . i wish i had more content and intelligent things to say because it looks like he put some effort into post # 3 lol . i'm just not that ... i see a really long face , that i don't really like lol . i feel like my face dose not match my personality . here are some more , the first one i was a lot younger and i think all the others i was just ... really ? i would say 5 1/2 or 6 . i guess it's all subjective lol . also i understand that intuitive is some type of coveted trait . i don't really care about the whole sensing vs intuitive thing . it's just out of both i relate to intuitive much more than sensing . and ... sorry , totaly didn't see your photos before i posted mine . i'm with ... 10 . i'm definitely nothing special , but i wanted to post here anyway .. because i can ! ! ha . not sure if i have posted in this thread before or not .. i would give myself a 5 and 1/2 .. 412138 4121 46 ... * bump right now i'm looking at entj , could you tell my why that is not a good match the weird thing with istp is i'm agreeing with many things that are used to described them . the problem ... never thought i would get so much activity when i started this thread , it's pretty cool . to me these look : entp 411914 istp 411922 infj - ish .. don't think i can look like a feeler if i ... i live in california , so it would have to be spanish . a language that i would like to learn just for the sake of learning it would be latin , russian also seems like a cool one . use anything you can think of such as physical features , assumptions about personality , choice of cloths , that vibe ext .. if you can it might be fun to guess their mbit type while you are at it ... edit : i don't see anyone else posting pictures , think i'm missing something about this thread haha . but it's in the member photos & videos topic so i'm keeping them here :p 410290 4102 98 ...  . tran . 75 it's because i've heard of everything from .. a male ellen degeneres , edward norton to harrison ford and trent reznor lol . i don't think i look like any of those three but the ... grasshopper vietnamese ? here are mine . 410194 4102 26 410186 i've heard many random names , which is why i wanted to post here . any of you think that i look like someone that is famous . 409754 4097 38 growing up around alcoholics , never . drinking alcohol to me is as attractive as drinking liquid mercury . but i have no problem being around others when they drink . neutral evil neutral evil - a neutral evil villain does whatever he can get away with . he is out for himself , pure and simple . he sheds no tears for those he kills , whether for profit , sport , ... grammar nazi notification : again not proof read , many spelling / grammar mistakes to be found . what's up with the spoilers ? it makes it easier to keep track of where i am , and i just keep them ... i'll post again tomorrow , had an extra thirty minuets to write what i could below . very busy week for me but i'll answer everyones questions when i get a break . electricsparkle i got the dose ... it's probably a lot more rambling , i started at 1:30 am and ended at 4:43 am . i would proof read but i can only keep one eye open at this point . i tried to respond the best i could , if i or ... i'm sleep deprived and kinda rushing to type out responses because i want to get back to everyone , if i missed a question i'll likely get back to it tonight . i didn't proof read this so i may need to ... - daly recurring thoughts of the place . - nassau and bilateral tremor start to develop while thinking about the place . - i've been told that i turn pale when speaking about it . i don't know if i ... oise here are the reviews , it seems like a bad place for everyone . ... is it sill going on ? used to be common for me , stopped around the time i turned 23 .. i would just roll onto my side or stomach and fall back asleep . but the experence caused me no ... unknownobservanttortoise absolutely ! i was worried how this was going to go over , it seems pretty random and i'm not the most articulate writer out there . i was hoping that it would be of some ... read this first : - if you need a ' trigger warning ' this is it and this thread may not be for you . - i am open to any comment , there is no line to cross . feel free to ask me anything ! - i talk ... belongs in general psychology . if a mod can delete this that would be cool . also wanted to than you both for your answers . that was a really long answer and looks like you put some time into it , so i wanted to say that i'll get back to you . right now i'm ... any specfic one , i could try to expand on it more . for # 1 i only see the picture as a test , which is why i have a hard time expanding more on that . 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes ... zynthaxx that's a very long and well put together response , thanks . i don't want to derail this thread so i'll wrap a response around a spoiler . ( mostly rambling , very tired and not a pc gamer ... it was awesome , then i switched over to linux mint . i don't understand why computers with linux installed in them are not outselling windows , let alone that linux os computers don't seem to even be ... looking at the picture i was going to say intp , assumed i was wrong because i would expect theirs to be black and white lol . death precedes don't really have any tips , just saw the title of this thread and wanted to say good luck . i've had two close friends pass away from excessive alcohol use , one early this year . i ... '