' this is not like me at all . just sayin ' ... hello sub-forumites , i haven't logged on in a while . work has kept me busy among other things like instagram and twitter ( my two new go-tos ) . this thread is one of the top on the list of threads so ... pictures ? hmm ... i kinda like the anonymity . i'll think about it . i'm not that photogenic . i'm just a dude . imo ... douchebag alert ! douchebag alert ! seriously ? find someone who is a gentleman . this guy is immature and is just playing around with people's feelings . i say stick him in the friend zone ... on the other hand , i don't like starting conversations with strangers . lately , i've noticed strangers talking to me first . though i default as an extrovert , i don't find it necessary to talk to ... i'm sure this goes beyond personality and there's most likely more to her story as to why she bahaves ( ed ) that way . anyone can have an angry disposition regardless of their personality . zombie , you're one of my faves on perc . see , you're an esfj and i don't dislike you . for the most part , esfjs are peacemakers so we will default to the most practical and efficient way of ... i'm really bummed my post looks like that . and when i tried to edit it , it wouldn't save it . i gave up . sorry hunny . thanks for the invite hunnybunny . i've read all the post and feel caught up between you and zombie and thequirkygirl ( who is ironically a dude who is former military ) . <br> much like zombie , i do ... i'm back and here are my results . first , i just want to say that i do not write like a 5 year old . writing with a mouse with my non-dominant hand is not easy . second , by telling me how to think ... hahahahahahahaaa ... this esfj is on time for everything else except for this ( and work ) . jk jk ! i've had a full weekend / week of being outside and such and wasn't able to sit in front of the ... as an esfj , i don't actually mind the i and t parts . what i'm challenged with are the ns and ps . i can deal and understand ps . i can lean towards that when my j game isn't on . the n is a toughy ... let me respond second on a first-hand perspective , personally speaking ... what kind of careers are they drawn to ? i can't speak for all esfjs but i am drawn to management , right now ... because ... sounds like an enfp i know . it may not just be exclusively esfjs . i think this whole thing is fascinating ... in my experience . what i don't like is how people use it for evil and not for good . by good , i mean using the knowledge of other personalities to ... wassup wassup ? let's do this interacting thing . as an esfj , i do not do well with confrontation . the f gets in the way more than i like for it to . however , we are quick to observe and quick to vocalize those observations . sometimes , it can come ... question : what's ne mean ? ( i'm not too familiar with these ) i think i scored lowest on that one . yes . we sense / feel things that's not usual and we want to do something about it . that's all . i like a lot of what other esfjs have suggested . gentleness - that's the key for anyone , really . zombie touched a little bit on this but i want to expand just a wee bit more . perhaps , it ... interestingly enough , even though i'm a strong j , when it comes to my art projects , i don't necessarily finish them ( unless there's a deadline ) . but yeah , i also start to read a couple books at a ... i find s / js to be really really critical . i'm an sfj so i know . but do my criticisms require immediate vocalization ? not always . lately , i've been preferring for other people to learn from their ... i only drive if i have to . i really prefer not driving . but to answer your question ... 1 . average driver 2 . not super fast , not super slow . 3 . if i have to be aggressive i can be but not ... i know when ... ... my friends call , text , message , email me to see if there's anything going on tonight / this weekend because this guy always has somethng going on . ( i'm an exxj , too ) ... my friends ... i ( forgot this one ) know i'm a j ... ... when i find pulling weeds from the flower bed as time to relax right after doing an intense workout in the garage . i know ... ... because when i planned the second annual snowboarding trip this year , i made sure to give the non-judgers tasks / food duties that were common and easy to find - like eggs . ... because ... i gots this ! i know i'm a sensor when ... ... i can't stand seeing the check engine light on and i can't do anything about it right.now.this.very.minute.while.driving . ... love to count ... i haven't ventured out that far yet , i'll check it out sometime and let you know . any particular thread ? don't we all .. ? here's an observation . it seems like esfj females seem to get a lot of flack versus esfj males . and vice versa for estj males & females . hmm ... i wonder why that is . it ... wow ! am i in perc ? so many compliments to esfjs ... and esfj moms ! whoa ! on behalf of those esfjs who've left the forum because of all the negativity aimed towards us , we thank you for your kind ... maybe he / she is not an esfj ... or maybe he / she is stuck in adolesence ... or needs to see a therapist . yeah , i think the sfs and nfs butt heads in the wild anyway . there will always be conflict . but i assure you , the esfj will process and come back and try to smooth things out . at least i do . and ... i think it's super easy to dislike someone when they can't defend themselves . i kind of disagree with the theultimatesquarepeg's first theory . i have my own baggage but it's nobody's business ... my sister is also a mother and an esfj . i hope my nephews appreciate her like you appreciate your mom . this is very encouraging . thanks ! we'll just let others rant about esfjs online as their outlet because we realize others have a hard time doing this in real life . so , it would be interesting to see the result of their telling their ... yeah , people tend to be real mean to esfjs and estjs . i can go either f or t . anyway , i've observed that other types tend to blame everything on their esfj mothers or estj fathers . they'll make ... i crossfit . since 2008 . it's both humbling and exhilirating . i love the challenge . i'm in my late 30s and love being able to beat someone in their 20s . welcome to crossfit : forging elite fitness i don't think so . i think i'm practical and a realist . i wonder , though , if your question is based on a particular relationship . ha ! no one would pick up the mess and take no credit for it ... there'd also be no such thing as time management . i don't see this as an answer but active listening is a skill i'm learning . my enfp friend loves to talk and sometimes that's all she needs ... to talk . she will talk my ear off ( god bless her ) and ... i find it interesting that i don't venture out into other personality-type forums . for example , why would i go into a intj forum or an entp thread ? but then i recall that it's the j in me that ... hmm ... as an esfj , i feel very uncomfortable talking / bragging about myself . so i'll give it a try ... ... we like people and think about how we can make them better ( unless they don't want to ) . hmm .. do i think people think i'm popular and do i feel popular ? the word popular brings me back to high school . in that context , i am like you . i got along well with the athletes and the ... i'll bite . plus , i haven't been on here in months ! i'm an esfj and i can say that i am guilty of helping without being asked . it's the s / j combo that makes us so . we sense disorder and we act on ... are you sure he's an esfj ? most of the guys you describe reminds me of an istp / intp and are engineers . i'm an esfj / tj and my fixing skills are not exemplary . the f / j combo makes us passionate . we really need to control the j part because it's what makes us stubborn and have quick decisions . not that it's an anger issue as much as learning how to ... the civil wars : live at eddie's attic i had a smirk while reading this , which probably means i relate to such behavior . #13 is hilarious but true ! i think it's true because i don't want to have to act quietly around the house . ... ahh ... yes , i can see that by the progression of your life and shows , you would think that you are in the wanniethesane show . also , no worries about my being a figment of your imagination . i could ... okay . i checked the dvr ... and it wasn't there . ha ! but yes , all that to say , i remember the episode . how about happy endings ? that show is ridiculously funny ! i definitely think it's generational ... '