@ knght 990 , hemoglobin , me and bethdeth : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wPTUpn9ait8 - - - <3 <3 <3 : tongue : ( guy = knght , girl in pink = hemoglobin , girl in blue = me , girl in black rolling her ... a feeling i often get while chatting to the lovely intjs i got the chance to meet : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aU3VTCmCWjs in no particular order : mathematics , physics , foreign language ( english ) , computers , physical education , visual arts ... i'm the kind of person who asks for the bad news first and the good news later . i take in the bad scenarios , then take in the good scenarios , making myself look on the brighter side . it often ... xd i meant ni users usually wrap in their thoughts in what appear to be ( and often are ) conclusions . i find that ne users like to ' poke ' at them , to have them elaborated , to see how they were ... i've always had appreciation for compositions , be them visual , musical , culinary , in any way ( the world is filled with compositions everywhere ) . they intrigued me greatly , however , i knew i lacked ... you love poking the squishy ni to watch it explode , don't you ? :P didn't think you did . though i guess it's quite obvious we're both irritated . you at certain artists , me at certain programmers . :) indeed . heheh ... i'm now wondering if the programmers who ... off topic : don't get me wrong , i'm just curious here . so if anything i say comes out sounding like an attack , it's likely to just be my inability to express myself properly . i don't think i ... i want to hug you . warning : ni + fi ramble ... :D it's likely to not make any sense . what makes me happy ? - to know that i know nothing . - to know that everything has potential . - to know that i am one with the ... it doesn't offend me . i see no reason to be offended by chivalry gestures . it's not like there's much science behind doing things like opening a door , so seeing it as condescending is ridiculous .  ... : youtube - waka laka for osaka - - let's run on ni + fi and forget about te + se for a moment ! just posting the link will make the video show up ~ without the embed . : tongue : ( same happened to me the first time ; x ) : youtube - aladdin - a whole new world sing-along lyrics on-screen - - ( you : jasmine | me : aladdin ) let's live and become wonderful things ! ( this is all joking . i hope you'll forgive me ; x ) darkesthour : youtube - wicked - popular ( with lyrics on screen ! ) - - - you don't know any other intjs ( * ignores the ' particularly well ' part * ) ? ! ? ! : shocked :: shocked :: shocked : poor intj-deprived soul ! : youtube - jennifer lopez - if you had my love - - i gave it a thought , but don't you take me for a fool , boy ! , bionic , chanceyrose , hemoglobin , sweetsurrender : youtube ... : yes ! dial zero zero zero ! and i agree ; watching people living on tv is a little strange ! : i've been stripped ! : shocked : your intuition is almighty ! watch out ; i'm coming out ! ... this is a thread to dedicate songs to other perc users ( specially intjs , but fine with other types , too ) . you just need to find a song that relates to another person , or situation with that ... lol : crazy : i really like intps ... i wish i could adopt intp babies and let them do whatever they want ! how do you feel your libido rates ? vivid visualization ... often leads to ... > / / / > are there any factors that play a role in the level of your libido ? stress etc . besides the ... ( i believe so . ) ( did i already mention enough that i love you isfps ? sorry for butting in ... <3 ) some spanish , some taino , some french ... > dominican because of a person who makes me feel i finally have someone walking right by my side ... : blushed : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MmukW1sNlIk then i guess we all agree that the best sandwich must not have mutton that is not lean . it's so good to find common ground . i feel like we're making progress here . interesting ... what happens if it's not lean ? because it makes people fart ? your sandwich sounds like it would take a lot of time and effort to make in comparison to a peanut butter jelly sandwich , so there's another point there . i agree with peanut butter and jelly - specially because after eating one i don't want to eat another . it doesn't happen with other kinds of sandwiches . so i'd say peanut butter and jelly is more ... based on wikipedia's definition of a sandwich : there are so many factors to take into consideration when making or buying a sandwich ( and to eat it and to digest it ) , what do you think should ... love's not easy . : confused : not just a single experience , it's more of an underlying pattern . in this kind of relationship ( and with many other kinds ) the intj is likely to find himself compromising more than what they ... i am curious ... : o what are the circumstances of these intjs ? do they spend more time working than introspecting ? are they avoiding looking inside themselves for some ( perhaps negative ) reason ? ... this is a new discovery , actually ! : blushed :: blushed :: blushed : intp intj entp isfp : blushed : i want to thank the previous post 1000 times ! lmao spraying people with 7 - up , hahahahahaha ! ( edit : ho noes , my post opened another page on the thread * feels on the spot light * ) lol paris hilton i love isfps . <3 i lurk here . you're not invisible . http://www.cactuscomputing.net/images/Computer%20Love%202.jpg heheh , that would probably be the best solution . xd basically , you're saying x is caused by y . and i'm saying x is caused by y because y is caused by z . i suppose everyone can agree with that . how people want to look at things , though , that's ... yes , i agree with this . the bolded line is true , but its truth ends where the period is . i agree with that much , but again , there's a lot more to take into consideration . ( talking about people in general and not this specific case ) actually , no . that can be quite counterproductive . i'm not one to be in favor of white-lying and telling people what they want to believe ... i understand this you're saying and i agree on a part . however , what i'm trying to say is that people are always doing their best , and sometimes their best is not enough . if it were really up to ... blah , i really don't want to be part of any argument , but i just have to say i've read many posts by iggy and i know where he's coming from . you could blame that i can agree with him on the fact that ... for me , it can mean any of the following , depending on the situation : a ) i'm thinking about something else and not paying you attention . b ) i'm analyzing you and / or your views . c ) i don't have ... woot , i get to be friends with the cool robots ! : cool : congrats ! : tongue : thing is ... by doing what makes you happy , you contribute to others for the better . there's no way to feel happy by doing a completely selfish job . you can feel powerful , and maybe enjoy the process ... that i can turn negative feedback into challenge . that i can turn positive feedback into fuel . that i can turn failures into lessons . that i can turn successes into confidence . that i can turn ...