' i am not motivated by pleasing people - not in the least tbh . i see people pleasing as more of a fe and enneagram 9 thing , as bigstupidgrin has mentioned . fi does not seek to influence or be ... pastelle yes - introverted judging types both have an internal blueprint imo , both are focused on interpreting or even redefining concepts which extraverted judging types typically take for ... hi everyone , i will leave out the questionnaires , and leave my thoughts and speculations , based off jung's cognitive function theory . i have read half of psychological types ( in line with the ... jung explorer test actualized type : intp ( who you are ) introverted ( i ) 83.33 % extroverted ( e ) 16.67 % intuitive ( n ) 73.33 % sensing ( s ) 26.67 % thinking ( t ) 55.56 % feeling ( f ) 44.44 % perceiving ... intp : in terms of behaviour and demeanour , closest that any type has come - absent mindedness / a disconnect with the body , tendency to zone out , offbeat humour , tendency to improvise and explore , ... so , i've been sitting in my glass castle for the longest time thinking that what i see is what i will receive . all of it . then it shattered and my all expanded . i could smell , touch , hear , taste the ... tbh ... i would think that most people are mean when they are at their worst . i assume most normal people feel basic human emotions like anger , sadness etc . and how if poked over and over again most ... after reading a few pages of the thread , i thought i could add on with something / another tangent ... i feel like fi & ti are particular about having precision . both are about redefining concepts ... i've been dating my intj for close to 4 years now - it's the longest relationship i've been in and the most compatible by far . to start with the sorrows . 1 ) we have different communication ... quite a bit of this reminded me of my boyfriend , who is imo an intj ( bolded similarities above ) . i feel like a lot of it points to te more than ti , & some of the things he has said makes me think of ... unfortunately , i feel you .. coincidentally i've been questioning this quality about myself a lot since there's a fine line between turning into a 100 % recluse & withdrawing to recharge for me . i've ... i often feel like happiness and success are very subjective terms , as in the precedent / question to whom ? has to be answered first . also , happiness defined by whom ? society ? yourself ? great ... this is interesting > commenting mostly to subscribe to this thread but i will try to contribute . on thought processes i feel like ne is mostly unconscious ... and some descriptions can make ne ... sounds like insecurity to me - which has nothing to do with type . many girls i know act like this when they don't feel secure . have you looked into love languages by gary chapman though ? i feel ... i can relate to what you're saying , and think this is the epitome of idealism . i have very high expectations for myself and things in general . because of this i vacillate between low self esteem and ... yes , unfortunately i was picked on in school for being ' too quiet ' - this happened mostly when i was younger , and as i grew older i just came to be known as a loner . i find that i speak fine alone ... intelligence certainly can't be directly inferred by your mbti personality type , but there are statistics on how inxx types as a group tend to have a higher iq as compared to other types . i'm not ... nope , i definitely do not dream about roaming into a sunset in pink on a white horse ( haha ) except for maybe , when i was 5 ? even then i really was just thinking about how nice it would be , to be ... posting a picture here for the first time because i'm learning to be more open about myself , and it's always easiest to start on the internet . also , i've been here for 2 years now but have always ... i'm always hit by pangs of existential ' depression ' , and i notice that it especially occurs for me in a few scenarios : - i'm stuck in a routine , and it is killing me . there is nothing new in my ... i'm currently at a new workplace dominated by extroverts ( exxjs ? ) , and the constant chit chattering drives me crazy , so i always work with my earphones on . they are also big on company drinks and ... i'm dating an intj , and would say that we're nothing alike ... neither did my intj test anywhere near infp , and he was clearly a thinker . unless you're speaking about off the bat impressions , then ... my company is a frat house . well , not literally - but everyone working there might have just happened to bring their university lives along with their getting hired . there is so much groupness that ... i love makeup , do my nails , brows , sometimes hair and if i had money my wardrobe would burst from the clothing i purchase every month . i like colours in general , and happen to be have an ' eye ' for ... anna karenina by leo tolstoy - love it . i love how insightful he is about human behaviour and life , how complex the characters are , and how it's written from the third person . i loved this book so ... - double post - before i answer the questions , just wanted to say that this is a great idea - i am struggling with connecting with people and life at the moment , like i'm starting to drift away from what's ... 1 ) how do you experience nostalgia ? i rarely experience nostalgia , at least not in the form of having regrets / constantly reminiscing over the past / thinking about the good old days . i feel this is ... i recently took 5 whole months of applying for jobs and going for interviews ( rinse and repeat ) before i could land a job . my current job hasn't been a great fit for me ( i am an account executive ) , ... are you shy ? what has been your experience with shyness ? yes , i am shy . sometimes my shyness can be overwhelming and self inhibiting . i refrain from saying things and giving a reaction because i ... paradigm yes , i have a temper but consider it better than most i know . irritation might be a better word for what i experience often - i feel my anger as something explosive forced to be submerged under a ... ways i fit the infp stereotype : - i really like this quote because i think it says a lot about how i view things : my principal sin is doubt - i am sensitive , but not overtly emotional - i am ... i've faced issues like this multiple times .. both personally and as an observer - enough for me to sense that when you dare to call people out , and this induces guilt or bad feelings about ... here's what i understand about fi so far ( haven't completed psychological types yet ): fi isn't about emotions , but utilises emotions as a means to build a framework of ' morals ' or ' values ' . i ... do you have it ? to a degree yes . but i rarely or ever try to presume i can read someone perfectly . how does it manifest ? i think it manifests as knowing where someone is coming from . it's ... i've thought about this many times , in an existential context . regardless of how many relationships i cultivate , i am , at the end of the day , a single entity walking the face of this earth . i came ... i took a mbti test online when i was 17 , introduced by a psychology module i was taking . i really got into mbti and jungian theory 2-3 years ago , but what really nailed it for me were the fi ... 1 ) in what field do you work ? what profession do you have ? i'm an account executive at a local digital marketing agency , and this is my first job . my day-to-day mainly involves managing client ... no , i don't think so - at least not from my understanding of cognitive function theory . i like jung's description of the functions the best ( if you like mbti , you should read up on cognitive ... i'm an account executive for a digital marketing firm . 80 % of my time is spent managing projects and timelines , which translates to interacting with clients a lot . it's also something i'm not good at ... my mom and a dear friend are both e9 isfjs . i find them both to be very nurturing . i also have a very close istj friend who is sincere with her friends . i am close to my mom . she always tried to ... i haven't seen this around , maybe because i don't try to exit the infp enclave . just to note , some infps here could be mistyped isfps : tongue : a few of my close friends are isfp because we tend to ... what do you think of this line , is love natural or do you have to learn it ? and if so , in what ways ? i mean , which aspect of love do you have to learn ? and how do you actually do it ? what do you ... enfjs and infps are two very different types imo ... especially when you come across them irl . from personal experience , i feel like i can disagree a bit with fe-doms . i've met a few fe-doms with ... i'm only 1/4 through psychological types , and i'm not sure if i can ' understand ' how the other 4 functions that are not in an infp's psyche work ... to put it another way , i understand them on paper ... first off , despite having not seen the thread , i'm not sure if most people understand fi or could type accurately whoever they were attributing those fi tendencies to . mistyping is quite prevalent ... i think the misconception can come from our laid-back nature , at least for myself . because i don't particularly care about most things ( which people are particular about ) , i can be seen as easy-going ... how do you measure a person's intelligence and how important is it to you in your relationship ( s ) ? i've read bits and pieces of research papers on intelligence , and is more inclined to believe in ... to be honest , i cannot fully relate to the expression , my feelings caught me off guard since i am usually aware of how i feel , or at least that a feeling is creeping up to me before i can become ... '