' i dont want to be perceived as ' overtly pothead-ish ' lol i am more than this ... but i absolutely have to agree with zomboy here : laughing : ya know , there are times where i feel exactly the same as ... yup exactly ... although , i have a tough time crying in any situation but i do get misty eyed for very specific flicks like cinderella man , russell crowe's character reminds me a lot of my pop and ... i agree with all you guys lol ... can't just pick one comment to quote , y'all rock ! ! : happy : i get ' arrogant ' a lot , i suppose its the vibe a give off , not sure why though . i always feel inept in ... my new fav song of the week matt pond pa - starting also miike snow - plastic jungle : cool :: cool :: cool : i dont waste my time skeeming up ideas to destroy the world , humans already seem to have a natural talent for it . ruling the world ? ehhh too much competition and realistically i don't think i have ... ... it's magic man hey river , i believe to remain neutral in any sort of conflict means you have to remain detached from the specific perspective of any one person . i do this with everything from relationship advice ... : laughing :: laughing : yea no ... this how i would have handled this situation ...   ... but check this dude , i was ...   ... brilliant ? ( pause ) ... ( silence ) ... i'm hungry hahaha dude , i know where you're coming from . there's a laziness epidemic out there and weed doesn't help the situation . i typically smoke when i get to the destination or on the way , so i have no ... im not going to lie , i smoke on a regular basis , quiets down the brain and it helps to enjoy life instead of constantly working out problems in my head . however , there is a flip side or trade off to ... : laughing :: crazy : ... sorry , found that one funny i've grown more and more fond of george carlin . as a kid i thought he was way too brash and ignorant , but as i got older , i started to notice how deeply he thought and felt about things . definitely ... : laughing : 4realz if the person is somebody i relatively don't know , i prefer social settings more than the private one 2 one encounter , drinks perhaps : happy : . it seems easier for us to build ... ... i'm not really sure about ' type ' but i can't wait for it to be all over so hollywood can start planning on remaking them in about 30 years ... :d ry :: crazy : i can't exercise in a gym , i get bored running , i hate lifting weights ... however , i'm like fish in water . water sports keep me in in shape and i have fun . i also try to eat healthy as much as ... i really , really find women that have something going for them very attractive , i . e . college grad , a respectable career ( teachers ) or something they do that they absolutely enjoy ( graphic design ) or ... are you sure this dude is an intp ? most intp's i know ( including myself ) are perfectly happy letting you go and do your thing . we like alone time and aren't possessive . it almost sounds like he's ... i saw rocknrolla over the weekend and absolutely loved it ... thanks guy richie , revolver hurt my head , but you've redeemed yourself : happy : yes , yes , y e s ! ! ! this general example can be spun so many different ways , yet the outcome is still about ' being in control ' of our own lives ! however , i do just want to point out that we are ... ... the story of my life . however , as i've grown older , i've learned to sufficiently block negativity almost to a degree of precision . i've always given people respect , but to get none in return ... i agree . i think i read on one of the many intp profiles that because we ' live ' inside our heads , we try to keep the external world as simplified and uncomplicated as possible . unfortunately , the ... haha ... ' the dude ' was my other choice : laughing : : laughing :: crazy :: laughing : this was a tough one for me ; so many fav's . but if i absolutely had to choose i'd say , without a doubt ... black dynamite ... cause he's a powder keg of black fury : crazy : ... the man's got ... oh the movie was very good . but i heard the theme song on one of the previews and became super excited about it for some reason . this also pretty much stands true with tron legacy ... im almost more ... ... right now i have the inception soundtrack on repeat ... phenomenal ... the movie was good , but the music was perfect : happy : my tastes vary widely and it really almost depends on the atmosphere at the moment ( ie rainy , chill , city , beach ) ... mostly during the summer you'll hear me blasting some reggae-ish type of music like ... but that is the brilliance of it all ; delivery is key : wink : i also like to annoy people for some reason , just to get a reaction . for example , if i don't feel like talking to somebody via office ... i have come to this realization fairly recently ( with in the last few years ) . i'm also starting to believe our type of personality learns the meaning of ' life is tough ' early on , but we'll be ahead ... yes ! i secretly want people to roll with it , but most don't even know how to respond ! i can think of only a handful of my friends that can do actually do this , i honestly have more fun with them ... ... pathological liars believe their lies . what we do is a mixture of improvisation acting and story telling ! the best comedians / actors are experts at this , however , we do it just for shits , ... its funny you say that because i take pride in the complexity of my lies . it's actually more remarkable how people will believe just about anything ( which makes you think what else people are ... do any of you find sarcasm or sarcastic people to be flat out hilarious ? i know i do it all the time and i have several friends ( couldn't tell you their personality type ) where undertones of ... ... honestly man , i can't believe people are taking that discussion seriously hahaha : laughing : no offense to you though i got enfp , which makes sense . all my fav girlfriends have been enfp's . i think what attracts me the most is they tend to be everything i want to be , but just can't do on my own ; we make a good ... yea too many quotes here to agree with so i'm just going to say , i'm a chameleon . i can hang out and relate to just about every type as long as they show me the respect i naturally show them : happy : i'd say i'm more protective than territorial ... i've always had a problem defining personal boundaries to people so i've learned to live with it . however , for examples sake , when i go out with a few ... i'd have to agree 100 % with this statement . it is sort of our own paradox though : wink : ... i like nasa's take : happy : i'm sorry , but i have to debunk this ... via wikipedia : cool : the cataclysmic pole shift hypothesis is the conjecture that there have been rapid shifts in the relative positions of the modern-day ... yup ... sorry didnt see your last post , but the technical term is ' microsoft exchange ' engineering , running business email servers - end to end communication , ironports , clustering and hardware ... ... ... if i had a nickel for every time i've been called crazy by an ' s ' type , i'd have like 3 or 4 dollars ... you can't be serious :d ry : in the great realm of the entire known universe , our earth / sun combo is merely a blip on the map with relatively no significance . human beings , at our present stage of ... i'm not a party liberal by any means , but i find myself very concerned for general human welfare . i think there should be a healthy mixture of capitalism / socialism in any society , neither one nor ... @ catfish - that's like really nice of you to say that ! : happy : fps tend to be really compatible with our type for some reason . my better relationships have all been of the fp type , both e and i ... brilliant ! can i get that engraved in golden awesomeness ? ! ? : laughing : i just want to add to this , either adapt or move on or stop caring ... people are easy come , easy go i myself am always somewhat reserved in any situation although , where i live , i know the areas ... to be honest , i rock it exchange engineering ... mostly because : - it's easy - it takes me relatively no time to solve problems - its not customer facing ( i picked a cubicle in a quiet ... ... i'd say somewhere between ignorance and fox news :d ry : actually , it would be nice to get real facts from any news channel , not talking points arguing a political perspective . should intp's ... '