' assuming there is mutual attraction and some maturity in both parties , the biggest obstacle in an intp-intj relationship in my opinion is the ( self - ) doubting nature of the intp . the intj seeks ... i stress quite easily . e . g . , stressed if i have too many deadlines or other external / physical obligations . ( this includes having to eat 3 freakin times a day to get the body to function ... basically this . and it's applicable to college and beyond . it seems obvious but actually paying attention in class and trying to understand the material as it comes up in lectures will save you so ... i know , right ? i could possibly become the most unassertive lawyer =P in other words , i may be much happier as a law librarian . 5-4- 9 : shy , somewhat fragile and a bit romantic , such fives tend to put on a congenial façade to hide their rich inner worlds from the society . they outwardly appear friendly but reserved , usually ... i'm kind of surprised by the somewhat positive / neutral tone in this thread . or maybe i'm just embarrassed by my own misanthropy . to be honest , i usually have a hard time liking most people . but i ... this reminds me of the carl sagan quote : the human mind is simply the universe contemplating itself . um i didn't say it wasn't satire . i just don't care for the subject . sure , in terms of austen's craft , the book is worth studying especially from a narratological perspective ( free indirect speech , etc . ) . i just couldn't take the subject matter ( marriage , the ... sounds to me she might be depressed --> avoidant . i'm sure by now she knows what she's ( not ) doing so she's engaging her ti in trivial pursuits to avoid feeling overwhelmed by ... well , reality .  ... pride and prejudice - - had to read for two different classes . its first sentence pretty much sums up why i never cared for it : it is a truth universally acknowledged , that a single man in ... ok . you're so right it hurts . so any tips on ass-kissing while being faithful to your personality ? just curious how other intps pull it off . warning : whiny intp ahead . i've been having many interviews with bigass law firms this week and with every interview it's becoming clearer that all they want is a cocky asshole with a big ... yeah , i came into the thread thinking that op was asking how easily you can be observed - - like , do you expose yourself enough to be observed by others ? i second that op meant observant . it means ... pop a pill a quick fix feel merrier than your neighbor with the epilepsy-causing holiday lights gently yet obsessively brush off the dirt off the boots that you promised won't get attached to they ... i perfected the disappearance act in my early 20s . i don't do it any more but it did take me like 4 different social / environmental reboots to just chill and deal with it all one day at a time . the ... in college , my entj friend and i went to all the usual social gatherings but would secretly analyze people / social interactions ( my preference ) + come up with strategies to influence those observed ... law school might be one place ? well , i'm in one and there's a fair share of nt ladies ;) wasabi ! wabi-sabi - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia a winter time favorite : i can get away with going braless without getting stares . love it . mine is alright in the sense that i can fake it and blend in sort of . if asked if i actually feel those feels , that's another story . recently i realized faking less is actually making me happier ... ooh me too . when i first communicate by email and then meet that person for the first time , i can sort of tell that s / he expected me to be more natural and articulate . it doesn't help that i'm so ... how do you feel about shortcuts ? do you proficiently use shortcut keys on your computer ? do you enjoy taking shortcuts while navigating a city ? do you like your hair cut short ? other ... i relate . like you said , whatever change you seek can only happen from within . so i think tinkering your perspective may be one way . feeling undeserving was magnified in my case by mistaking ... reminds me of mindfulness vs . riding that thought train . being in the present vs . timelessly swimming along brain secretions . as you effortlessly reach each synaptic destination , you amplify its ... in my experience , infjs really are good at reading / analyzing people until they meet an nt type ( especially t-leads like entj / intp ) . the infj thinks he sees through them and is able to come up ... i personally have a hard time liking action-heavy movies - - like the ones that have little dialogue and require lots of visual interpretation of physical realities within ( the reason why i stopped ... i swear , i thought you said vulva . i'm saying it out loud now . you smell . sorry if my post was vague . it's the latter mostly . say you're in a big school environment and see the same members pretty often but the sheer number of people makes it hard to have more intimate ... preferably things other than have one really extraverted friend and have her introduce you to everyone . i like my fellow introverts , but too often fail to make that initial connection irl . it ... i absolutely love infinite jest . anything by david foster wallace gives me crazy brain juice - - love his essays , too . i've actually had too many boyfriends . and i always wished i was a bit pickier - - i had a problem with sugarcoating new love interests with my delusions until the curtains were drawn and i was left ... that was gross but strangely delightful here's a link that shows brain activity per type / function . types are indicated using the top two functions ( dom / aux ): neuroscience - cognitivetype although i don't know how accurate these are , ... for the first time i met a person irl who i suspected was an intp ( and a girl ! ) . i was just so intrigued by this potential fact that i started to talk about mbti to see if she would be interested in ... my isfp sister and i used to have communication issues . that ti / fi gap can be huge and we could never really convince each other on anything . we get along much better now that we're older - - sort of ... i've been with my intj for close to two years now . some notes : - super sweet on the inside but only shows it to his closest people - keeps me anchored in reality much better because his j is so ... your explanation / insight is eye-opening . thank you . i find that your point about the superego / ego especially resonates with what i've been feeling but unable to articulate in a meaningful way . do you have a strong sense of self ? i never really did - - i often have to remind myself what my values are , and other things that make me me . then i go back and resume my day . this got me wondering ... i've gotten both all f's one semester in college and all a's in two or three semesters towards graduation . the amount of learning done was about the same in both situations . i just learned to ... my intj doesn't really like my ne interjections when he's making a point , so i sort of have to consciously wait for his point to be materialized before adding anything . i like to talk over / with him ... ( really ) dirty thoughts and secrets to start ? most anxious thoughts are exaggerated thoughts and are often irrational . try challenging your anxiety-triggering thoughts and know that you don't have to buy into what they're saying . try to step ... i'm relatively young ( late twenties ) , but i had what i think was a peak experience ( peak experience - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia ) not too long ago . ever since then and for the first time , not ... i realize that my public personae will never truly merge with my private one . and ( now ) i'm okay with it . it used to be a problem when i didn't have a full grasp on my private self because there was ... yes . i like to prepare for new social situations if i can . the worst are surprise visits at home ; there is no exit strategy ! so i usually hold my breath on the other side of the door . sigh . sometimes , fear . my sister , an isfp , and i get along just fine now that we're fullass grown ladies , but as kids , i had a much harder time . basically , we could never convince each other ... fighting her was a bitch ; i ... i had a thing with an enfj once . i found him to be smart , smooth , confident , and romantic . he wrote me poems . i hate parties but i mysteriously enjoyed the ones he hosted . but he got way too pushy ... '