' first i wanted to say , you sound so enfp here :D your thoughts remind me of some livejournaling i did when i was your age ( i'm 29 now ) . we process things internally , which ( for me ) means alone and ... so i typed the letters out first , and i realized they are sort of ordered by preference . what can i say , i love intuitive perceivers . enfp : a little aloof , but also open and easy to talk to ... this guy . at least get to oh hey man ! cornettos ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mLmuYB2c8lM mom's an isfj and i'm alllmost convinced dad's another enfp . it's confusing typing other enfps for me because they can be so similar but so different than me . my family is primarily intuitive . i ... 84274 actually sorry , i didn't realize the op is an entp . i realize you probably aren't worried about the same things an enfp would be . i would still advise getting drunk . but not so drunk that you ... those damn se users ... they are so effortlessly cool , they just move their body like they aren't wondering what everyone around them is thinking and they aren't hyper analyzing every thought that ... of really wanting someone , more than anything else , and then once you get what you want , knowing that you can't guarantee you will keep them forever . things can be so good , but you never know if or ... hahahaha my entp bf sent stonehenge youtube to me right as i was watching this . i like the dubstep ! ! i have also unlocked this level of entp . he is talking about baby names and getting a house . i really hope we don't have a boy because i will not agree to name him john shepard . from my extensive ... i love gift giving . christmas is one of my favorite times of the year and i go way above and beyond to make sure my special people have the perfect gift . man , i feel badly for you . my poor entp bf is running into this a lot at work . people that he works with every day are perceiving him as arrogant / not listening / abrupt / dismissive while his patients ... when i was younger i gained a lot of weight . i ate all sorts of junk and my boyfriend was a pothead . i got to a point where i just had to do something , and i ended up loosing 110 lbs over 5 years ... wut ? ! not acceptable ! i would say , when you do x , it hurts my feelings because i asked you not to do it and now i feel like you don't care that you're making me feel bad . i bet you will only have to say this once . also ... also , i cannot abide the thought of being a single mom , and having already been divorced once i am scared shitless of the ( statistically quite likely ) idea of having another marriage fall apart but ... ok , i just wanted to say i came in here expecting to be in the minority but most of you exactly mirror my thoughts in the subject ! i am , at this point in my life ( 29 , which i just had to subtract to ... when my entp bf is drunk he calls me and gets all sappy & mushy . y'all are adorable . my question : do m ( any ) of you relate to being super adverse to something for the principle of it / possibly ... i am extremely loyal to the point of hanging on when i should have cut and run for my own good . the two intjs in my life that decided i wasn't right for them anymore ( my personality was like nails on ... hell yes - like a lot of you guys , i used to think i was an infp . i would have panic attacks and be super hyper focused on what could go wrong in social settings ( this invariably meant , if i said or ... this is so me , and it can be super difficult to explain this to yourself / someone else . i've had people call me out on not being myself , but i genuinely feel like i'm being myself even when i'm ... for me , the test can be misleading on t vs f and sometimes j vs p depending on how i feel that day ( it sometimes even scores me as an i instead of an e , although i've never tested as a sensor , thank ... i'm no expert but i'd study fi vs fe . i don't get fe at all but i get teary when i read people's descriptions of fi . secondly study ti vs te , which was a bit trickier for me to get a handle on but ... i was on okc for years - sadly it's not the norm . that's pure double ne you see there . i met my current bf on there , but he was a 98 % match . i'd be scared of a 47 % match . oh god so true . lol . sounds like a conversation between me & my entp bf . i guarantee you if they didn't know what ne-dom was they went and googled it and now possibly know more about it than you :p we are curious ... i think there are people of every belief that try to force their views on others . i would certainly never try to do that . imho infps are the ultimate hippie . i have three in my family alone . so crunchy omg . i'm an atheist . never had an experience that convinced me otherwise . i have an enormous ... libido . hang ups are a waste of time when you could be having fun sex ! i love when you meet someone super compatible with you and their face just smells so good for no reason and ... so eloquent , man . this is totally why i don't get the crusader mindset . my fi says , believe what you believe and let everyone else do their own thing . so not a recipe for enacting change . i love to collect ( beautiful / strange / interesting ) objects . i don't get super attached to them but i love the newness . i often vaguely feel like i should volunteer or help but i don't . i just ... i am ! it's been a year and a half and we are sickeningly cute and we are totally getting married . he said so . hi ! lemme know if you need anyone else to talk to :) i love to be alone ! but like ádej said , i am always communicating with text or facebook . i totally feel this . what's so weird for me is how i can think i look terrific one day ( i actually have great self confidence ) and the next wonder how anyone could see me as attractive . i also ... i do not think i have an addictive personality since i can't stick with anything longer than a few months . i've experimented with most things and have really come to dislike drugs , and i drink in ... yes . i love dynamics like this . sooo ... i do this . and it makes me sad . like panzer said , it has to do with my life changing . as i've gotten older i see more patterns and this is one . i get really apathetic sometimes , usually at ... have you tried setting ___ on fire ? have you tried punching ___ in the face ? - my entp boyfriends answer to every problem or rrraaarrrgghhh i'm a bear who , me ? no way :p unless you mean the tradition of exxxs liking attention :D this conversation reminded me of this hilarious article that y'all have probably seen , but is very relevant ... the ninth circle of cool bros * pleasebeniceto.me * i think the concept of ... yeah , i like it too ... it feels very reliable . in the end , it may be the same result , but the attitude and thought taken to get there can be quite different . i can see how , given the recent ... sex , then love . i enjoy sex immensely , and have had purely sexual relationships that i remember fondly . however , it takes me a very long time to trust a person to the extent that i would then feel ... i wasn't aware that y'all were allowed to be anything other than those two things : tongue : seriously of all the entps i know , two are doctors and three are engineers ( oh , and one lawyer ) , all ... so i have been dating an entp and he has been teaching me ( without meaning to , of course ) about fe . it's been really interesting and i recently had a realization that i wanted to share . the big ... not to steal your words ... but that is exactly what i came here to say ! : happy : i have a strong artistic opinion and like things to be pretty , well arranged and complementary , and i think people pick ... omg tridentus that made me lol so hard i was married to a man who didn't want to be monogamous , and i thought i could get into that . i am perfectly capable of having a sexual fling and not getting feelings attached , and remaining deeply ... '