' i dislike how i always seem to manage to step on infp's toes by saying something that i had * no idea * they could remotely perceive as hurtful .. and then they do . my mom and my sister are infps and ... my friends always seem to love my gifts , so , i think i am . i usually think about what to get them waaay ahead of time , and spend an insane amount of time deciding on the gift , so that combined with ... i'm working on this ! the hard part is not feeling bad afterwards , or feeling a sense of obligation or that i didn't do my duty . i'm always left feeling that i should have done more even though i feel ... first of all , i apologize for my delayed response ! i thought i was still subscribed to receive email notifications from personality cafe , but apparently not , and i only just logged back in today .. ... i just realized my mil is an entp , which explains a lot . i feel like we have little in common and i don't know what to talk about around her . she intimidates me and i tend to just clam up when she's ... all the e types in my experience . lol welcome ! :) this is a cool place to learn more about your type . yes , i can entirely relate . i get super attached to my friends too , and i feel this need for them to be equally attached . when i don't feel like they are , insecurities pop up . well , until now i thought i was a 1w9 . reading this , i realize my talk style is by far predominately a 2 . so now i'm thinking i'm a 2w1 .. awww , i feel this way a lot too . like i'm the most thoughtful person i know , and it's never reciprocated to the same extent :P sorry you had a bad day . i hope today has been better . * hug * you know you're a j when you plan out literally every detail of your day the night before . one of the easiest ways to frustrate you is to spring last-minute plans on you . 1 . i'm happy that i worked out even though i reaaally didn't feel like it 2 . i'm thankful that there's only 2 weeks until summer break :D just gotta survive finals ... 3 . i'm happy because my friend ... welcome ! yes , the isfj forum tends to be a little quiet . my hunch is that a lot of us lurk .. ;) yes , i have a few letters that have negative emotions because they remind me of dissolved friendships , but at the same time i can't bear to throw them out ! you know you're an isfj when your intj brother drives you up the wall by saying you said something which you know you did not say . you press the subject because you do not remember saying it , ... so true ! and then once you've given them the gift , you worry about whether or not they really like it . all of these . wow . lol i thought i was the only one who kept every handwritten letter / card / note of any kind ! if i was forced into it then i'd go willingly - enfj friend istp because you used as few words as possible . i'm an isfj and i'm a christian . i think this question has more to do with how someone is raised than their personality type , though . i'm not an enfj but i've noticed this about my enfj friend . he can't be single . i feel like it's because he can't put up with the loneliness . huh , never thought about it this way but this is definitely true of my istp brother . him and i were never really close until we shared a hobby ( swing dancing ) , and i've noticed that he only makes ... my isfj brother is eerily similar to me . i think he might be a different enneagram type though . esfj because you noticed the use of fuzzy words . yep ! i have a penpal . we don't write as frequently anymore since we started college , but we're still in touch , after about 8 years ! this , exactly . i'm not married yet , but i'm a wanna-be-homemaker ! i'm not 100 % sure he's isfj because i only know him as a lab partner , but he seems a lot like me from what i do know . he uses the word feel a lot rather than think even in cases where think would ... alright , guess that's just me then haha . i'm hoping time will help me become better at being comfortable with attention . okay , this was my other guess as to what you meant :) i've actually ... ( isfj here ) this made me laugh because it is so like my istp brother ! hello ! : happy : personally , i find intj's thoughts and ideas to be quite fascinating when they choose to share them and are willing to continue communicating until i get it . [ / i ] [ / i ] by strong , i meant well-developed . is it correct to speak in those terms ? for instance , would it be right to say i'm an isfj with a well-developed t ? do you become the center of attention because you rarely speak , so when you do , everyone listens ? because i've noticed this to be true for me . and it then reinforces my non-speaking behavior because ... istj ( female , my very best friend ) enfj ( male , best friend ) istp ( brother by birth , best friend by choice ) esfj ( ex best friend ... he had a crush on me which ended our friendship because i didn't ... i think it's going to vary a lot from individual to individual , but i know if someone genuinely wanted my thoughts on something - provided it's something i * have * thought about before - i will ... it really depends on the mood i'm in . istp / istj - cold logical advice intj - deep , thoughtful insight . random but interesting conversation . enfj - when i need to feel loved esfp - ... i wish people would not treat me as invisible just because i am quiet . i know it's easy to forget about me because i only ever listen , but i do have opinions and thoughts - i just need to be asked ... my guess is infj , with a strongly developed t . i'm jealous of how esfj's can involve anyone in a conversation , super easily . you guys are great at making people feel noticed and valuable , even if they're complete strangers . i wish i could force ... i think it is an introvert thing to not want to talk , but still want company . my very best friend is an istj , and talking about how similar we are with being perfectly ok with quiet led to us being ... dear istp brother , thanks for being so laid-back that you instantly make me feel guilty whenever i get irritated with you ( which is rare ) . i do wonder though , how come you get along so easily with ... when you take the longer route walking somewhere to avoid having to talk to people you know :P aww , this is why you're so awesome . :D my enfj best friend is the first person i'd met who i felt cared about the friendship as much as i did . hahaha good one ! i haven't read much about the cognitive functions ... guess i should so things will make more sense :) enfp sounds to me like it could be right . i love learning about it too . it's all so fascinating to me . i remember when i first learned about introverts vs extroverts - it really helped me accept myself and my extreme introversion to realize ... see , this is how i would like to be . because i'm probably missing out on amazing friendships by not going more out of my way to put more work into them solely because i don't know if we'll remain ... for me , it was process of elimination , letter by letter . i'm very introverted , so that one was easy . s vs n was a little more difficult , but i was still pretty sure about s . i'm also strongly j . the ... '