' i have no solution for your case , i can only tell you how thing unfold in my case . i had a very long platonic relationship with infp , and what i notice : 1 . infp are very slow before deciding to ... i don't there is a way to get out of the infj inner vision from outside , howewer its possible to let the infj consider that other option is equally possible and can be included in his vision , as ni ... don't you think that ni-fe is our identity . for exemple we perceive something trendy with ni , then we judge if this tend is good or not according to fe . then we can hold this view long time . at ... dominance 39 % compliance 33 % influence 19 % steadiness 9 % you have a strong inner motivation to assertively create and implement new ideas . you handle pressure well - you strive ... thank you so much , it s what i secretly hoped , see a explosion of creativity from infp :) hi , everyinfp there in my attempt to understand infp , i found an article describing fi as a sword in ground , i ' d like to know if infp relate to this image of fi . another question is which ... i have p decision making process sometime , but after j come back . but sometime day dream randomly like a p , i think i integrated some p stuff , and it s not ni . [ quote = invidia ; 3983675 ] i call this one killing time * rimshot * http://farm4.staticflickr.com/3787/9163991582_9349614340_z.jpg all the hours wound you , the last one kills about infp , that surprise me a lot , i read somewhere that infp were shy , and kind of sensitive most idealist creature . so i thougt they are little bit frigid or afraid of that . one infp i know like to take photo and travel , so one day travel around place in nice weather and taking photo will make her happy , what would be your perfect day with your significant other ? actually we have opposite function ni-fe-ti-se ( infj ) / fi-ne-si-te ( infp ) pattern recognition from precognition i found a post by infp about a feeling about healing and the world : it s very interresting : here it is ( original link : infp - fish out of water ) only honeymoon ? hi , i'm curious to know if infp had this idea of soulmate and how they view soulmate experience ? did that already happen that you feel that you found your soulmate ? how was it ? why ? what did ... hi , i m curious to know if infp feel like they are healer ? for my part as infj , i really like feel like a protector ( as keirsey called ) because i ' m in some mission to protect what i believe ... sound ni , like the zhuang zi chinese poem , i dream i was a butterfly , when i a woke up i don't know if i am zhuang zi dreaming beeing a butterfly or a butterfly dreaming beeing me thankx for your insight as infj , i can recognize is some of the negative trait you said , but mostly it s something that i get under stress period , . what i really love about infp is the ... thank you for taking the creativity test . the results show your brain dominance as being : ... just very curious , for my part it s difficult to guess what infp female feel , always unsure ( i think because of the fi ) you are a type 5 with a 6 wing : the scientist your trifix is 5w6 , 1w9 , 3w2 . in enneagram theory , you have one type for how you relate to the world ( either 8 , 9 , or 1 ) , one type for how you ... knowing too much , causing pain if you think knowing too much is causing pain , then you don't know enough knowing nothing , ignorance is bliss if you connect ni with ti you wouldn't take the wrong perception personnaly and then could improve your ni :) i don't consciously exercise it , it manifest in my dream and when i try to understand them by connecting the dot with others dreams and experience . also always searching a way to predict future and ... i can feel what others feel , sometimes to the point i can't be sure what is mine and what isn't , but why do i have so much difficulties to understand my own feelings ? what do you do about it ? i ... iei especially first part , ni http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/images/smilies/Ni.gif – program function . introversion of iei's intuition dictates that his consciousness is submerged ... especially , there is a factor time . you can plan what you want and the big trend you want , ( for exemple i'd like to have this kind of carrerr in 5 years , and in 10 years i like this and then ... ) ... i fully agree with what you said . usually for infj , it's a blind spot because of their approach . their confort zone is ethic , not technic , :) i myself realize what happened when i asked myself ... yes that s what i said , moral and science are different . i will take an exemple . if someone ask a question like ; is it better to have decision made by a process where the members are equal or ... i think infj tend to confuse moraly right / wrong and scientifically true or false because infj hope that what they believe be morally right is true ( or the truth ) , when you debate over the ... yes that why i love to speak with intj , because it give some real objective point of view that infj tend to lack ( and myself included when i begin too passionated ) . also , intj don't take it as ... rloai ( 3.1 % of women ; 2.3 % of men ) withdrawn , loner , not wild and crazy , does not like the spotlight , worrying , crowd averse , afraid to draw attention to self , easily hurt , ... théodore ' laurie ' laurence transcendental love humanmetrics jung typology testx 99 your type ... i don't debate agressevely :) i was before when i was younger , but now i less in this approach . because first , i don't debate over thing i don't know , or i don't have enough precisly fact . second ... yes i will meet her , and keep the good memories until i die , not i won't meet someone that i know will betray me . so i prefer meet shortly someone i will love until end , than meet in long term ... this is the character we have found you to be most similar to : http://psych.wfu.edu/woodlab/celebrity/images/scaletop.jpg http://psych.wfu.edu/woodlab/celebrity/images/redscale.jpg ... i was randomly reading some tech magazine news , and suddenly find a usefull tools that appael me greatly , it's called the burn down chart , it track your progress everyday by mesuring the ... 40 % infj 26 % enfj 9 % isfj 7 % intj 4 % estj a copy paste from : special education : the infj temperament the infj temperament if you've done the myers briggs test and know you're an infj , then hopefully , this discussion will be ... you are curious http://images.blogthings.com/whatdoesyourcollegemajorsayaboutyouquiz/curious.jpg infj / enfp the protector and the inspirer an introverted / extraverted relationship the level of both harmony and conflict within introverted / extraverted relationships can vary considerably , ... infj can use the ni-ti , when they are in this mode they will bring their plan until end ( ni get the vision , ti implement the vision , the implement had been realized ( se ) then new vision come from ... yes , and plan is how i do in order to bring it to life :) wow , can you elaborate the process you take when using your ni in the law way ? for my part , law is not so easy because i just like cyberlaw , others law are difficult to study for me and it became ... i love to think about love , soulmate and destiny topic love to have sudden vision like to guess others mind , and validate it or not in real life like to understand how things unfold in reality , ... and what do you do to prevent from it ? mine is to not see last time the one i love before i die ( even if i m still somewhat young ) and i plan , plan and plan everything i can so what's yours ? promise is sacred , because the sincerity is sacred , and promise is based on the sincerity otherwise is just a lie for futur . promise is something like keeping your sincerity from start to end , ... '