' wishing i could fall asleep or have someone to chat with . i thought there used to be a chat room here ? i can't seem to find it ... look at me , i'm such a basket case delivered to you wrapped in cellophane waiting on your doorstep every day delivery , a basket filled with pain patience is your virtue , saint o ' mine i'd have ... first ix92ll layout key players to not be confused : olga - my boyfriendx 92s ex g / f of 10 years ( him & i had a short fling no i am no proud of it but that was about 12 years ago ) irma - sebastian ( my ... i am sensitive . when i suspect someone dislikes me i immediately find reasons to dislike them even though i was probably being too sensitive . i am socially awkward i have high depression ... snuggling with my pups and browsing the web .. what i give to you , it's just what i'm going through , no no this is nothing new , just another phase of finding what i really need ... is what makes ... too sensitive , which leads me to have social anxiety because i think too much about saying the right thing that the wrong thing ends up coming out . anxiety and self hatred . bad combination ...   ... i'm too tired to trot around pc , but really want to . i keep falling asleep mid sentences though ... haha well , this thread is right up my ally . i have some super vivid dreams , sometimes i also have lucid dreams . hmm , last night ? i can't recall . i'll have to update this in the mornings ;) snuggle , sleep , romantic although i have a pale complexion , it's incredibly beautiful and i've never had acne issues . it's like porcelain , except in the summer when i get a few perfectly placed freckles on the bridge of my ... all day , staring at the ceiling making friends with shadows on my wall . all night hearing voices telling me that i should get some sleep because tomorrow might be good for something ... hold on ... snuggling with my two cute ass long haired silver dapple dachshund puppies ! om nom nom i could just kiss their faces for hours ! ( and not in a pervy way ) . http://image.shutterstock.com/display_pic_with_logo/94917/94917,1205691963,1/stock-photo-little-tired-girl-sleep-on-notebook-isolated-on-white-clipping-path-10431772.jpg i'm on antidepressants so i don't cry often . i used to cry a lot though , when i saw someone cry on tv , or when something would touch my heart , or just because i felt bad . the joys of being ... i soaked in the hot tub with my man . it was very relaxing . about to go to sleep ... those sleeping pills kicked in fast . human trafficking is linked to any big sporting event because with a lot of people , there's more demand . obviously there are sick people that support child labor and pedophilia or it wouldn't be ... thanks wicked queen . i find my emotions getting the best of me a lot in these situations and it's something i'm trying to work on so your breakdown and critique is something i'll definitely take to ... i hate arguments for all these reasons . i am certainly an isfj haha ... long , i apologize but please read ... i got in a facebook war with my friend and best friend's husband ... am i wrong here ? ? ? i tried to make it a fast read ... to start : first article posted ... at the jr high subbing for 8th grade english , waiting for students to finish their assignment . waiting to get out of work so i can go home and smoke . destination relaxation . i hope . black swan ... i wasn't too impressed for all the hype it got . i love natalie portman and dance , but it wasn't as good as made out to be . none of my days are the same . i'm a substitute teacher so everyday is different . days i work i go into a school ( k - 12 ) and teach whichever class i need to . then i come home ... sometimes nap . days i ... i'm a loner . i could go months without talking to friends and just hanging by myself , but when it comes to my significant other , who is also an * i i couldn't go very long without talking to him or ... i've always felt like people have either loved me , or hated me . the second i sense they don't like me ( even if it's just me being sensitive ) i point out flaws in my head as to why i don't like them ... self help books and young adult books super paranoid ... definitely . i took time out to close my eyes and listen to music for the first time in a long time . watching entourage reruns . getting ready to take a nap . can i bring my two new pups to a cuddlefest ? they are the best snugglers ! hesitant : unsure : things are great , and i'm starting to become aware of what i need to change in my personality / life . but i'm a substitute teacher and loving it , still madly in love with the same guy from the ... i'm back ! ! i think and i hope . i just realized that i have an easy way to access pc on my phone , so it'll be easy to stay updated ! anyway i am back . so i thought i'd make a little announcement and ... my mom is an esfj and it's like she has me under a magnifying glass when it comes to my appearance and doesn't give a crap about my feelings . she cares about strangers more than she does her own ... it's always been easy for me to open up my feelings ... but i often feel stupid for the way i feel . i mostly only open up about how i feel because i am looking for assurance that i'm not stupid for ... you have beautiful skin . i don't know ... skin was never a physical attribute i payed attention on people . being pale , too i always thought that was a more negative trait . watching dawson's creek reruns . yes ... watching old tv shows i used to like when i was young is a guilty pleasure . buffy the vampire slayer is up next . : crazy : you set it again my hearts in motion every word feels like a shooting star im at the edge of my emotions watching the shadows burning in the dark and im in love and im terrified for the ... aww , thank you ... : blushed : waiting for 3pm to come around so i can go home from work ! i love that i can browse this site while working . it's a very slow day today ... not many people coming to the bank . sugar ! ! ( which is why i had to stop eating it ) : mellow : pain killers 1990s - early 2000s pop hits ( backstreet boys , nsync , westlife , britney spears , christina aguilera .. etc ) naps designer shampoo haha thanks . i wish though ! my face is more baby fat-ish and she has a very sharp jaw line . i'll take it though ! my heritage says no matches all the time ... or it just gives me people with glasses ... none ! i cannot find a celebrity that looks like me and have never been told i look like a celebrity . : blushed : anyone ? ... i love enfps ... it's nice to get a motivating and positive outlook on life and myself . however , some days i'm okay with being negative and the perkiness and positiveness can be a little much . other ... whatever i want . : crazy : i love these ... but i want some darn isfj posters . where do you guys find these ? and why aren't there any of isfjs posted ? and i know , i know they've all been talkin ' about me i can hear them whisper , and it makes me think there must be somethin ' wrong with me out of all the hours thinkin ' , somehow i've lost my mind ... teeny bopper tv drama series ( gossip girl , pretty little liars , secret life of the american teenager ... etc ) sleep marijuana '