' i agree . i can think of no greater power than power over one's own self . all the fools running around seeking power over other people and things are slaves to their own human nature . if you can't ... disagreed . i don't believe i've ever posted a gif . the best way to farm thanks is to post short comments that are insightful but nonetheless general enough for them to resonate with multiple people ... waking up and realising i have to go to work . : tongue : in terms of mundane , everyday things we have to do , i really hate eating . i find it's such a hassle , especially in the evening when you want ... i have a couple of them , but have never really read them properly . i don't know what it is . i find them funny , but at the same time there isn't enough there to keep me reading through the whole book ... one of my closest buddies is an infp . it's great because whenever i say something that might be rude or offensive , i look at him and i can tell in a glance whether it's time for me to shut up or not ... haha , trust me , i'd definitely be motivated . two or three days of pointlessness is all i can handle before i sink into an existential crisis and am desperate to find something . seriously . : tongue : ... yes , always . i'm perpetually on the fence on several important issues because there are valid points on each side and i can't get to a final opinion . there are ethical questions that i've been ... not really a fan . you ( probably ) can't travel faster than light . at least , not with the results depicted in sci-fi . as if it were just like taking a plane to another continent . yeah , sure buddy . it's ... somewhere , i've got a five minute video of my cat running around in a circle on the same spot trying to catch her tail . hilarious . i can't seem to find it , unfortunately . :( one of my favourite sketches of all time . i've seen it a billion times . love it ! i gather the moral of your post is who needs friends when you're having fun ? . i could do that ... i do have vacation time available , and it really does make sense to try that avenue first . the thing that worries me is that i can think around a topic for months without every ... what is this halfwittery ? it's my turn to lay on the couch and ask some advice from the amazing shrink that is the collective intp forum . * closes eyes * i'm wondering what people's thoughts are ... i don't make friends . other people make friends with me . seriously . i've never tried to make friends with anyone , yet i always seem to have more than i have time for . one of those weird things ... cuddle + not romantically involved = get the bloody * * * off of me ! cuddle + romantically involved = moooaaarrr ! ! ! i think this has a lot to do with it . i'm so ... i prefer more conventional music over white noise . yes , to me , white noise is music . after a few minutes of white noise , my mind inevitably starts playing around with it to the point that i can ... my closest friends are infp and enfp . i notice a trend . the funny part is , to me , this doesn't seem at all random . :d ry : ah , i understand . luckily my lint content was fairly low , so i was able to safely recapture my saliva . no ... because you'll probably drink it anyway . thanks . the image that just went through my head completely wrecked this whole thread for me . well done . stop . you're making me drool on my keyboard . it should actually be i am an intp . sorry to burst your bubble . i concur . i want to hear more about infjs and sex . as if i got to the end of this fascinating thread and find a pair of intps invading it . : wink : lol . as if . ditto . smoking around me is a good way to get insulted . i'll never attack a smoker directly , but if i'm walking with a friend and a smoker happens to be nearby , i will happily mention to my friend ... i was usually a fairly good kid . my protests were always of the silent variety rather than the loud , angry variety . if someone told me to do something i didn't like , i would just pretend i didn't ... it seems to me your way is the more typically intpish way to do things . in most situations - - situations without deep , lasting emotional consequences - - i certainly do as you do . i'm wondering if ... ribbit . : happy : i understand what you mean about the intpness making it extremely difficult to follow society's silly rules . it definitely holds me back a little , at least in the traditional sense of career + ... my sister was actually offended when i informed her that people who care about the royal wedding are idiots and have no lives . i was shocked . i thought it was obvious . i can't possibly understand why ... i'm interested to know if i'm like other intps , if i'm batshit insane , or both . the question is , are you your own psychological and sociological experiment ? i , like many people , like to ... i don't cry in the sense of gushing out tears , but i do get teary-eyed , and frequently , too . i definitely tear up during movies . dramas and romances , especially . i try to hide it , but somehow ... video 1 : the first 6 tracks from nektar's 1976 album recycled . i don't think they ever stick to the same melody for longer than 30 seconds , yet they manage to make it all revolve around the same ... agreed . to the people saying they would force themselves to be happy or force themselves to revert back to their earlier state , how do you know you'd be able to do that ? infinite knowledge does not ... there is nothing wrong with following your dreams . no one can stop you from that . if you believe you are capable of going to the more distant school , and will be able to make ends meet in doing so , ... ditto . i don't think i would take it . unless , perhaps , i was about to die . life is fun because it's a challenge . it's an adventure of discovery . if i knew everything , there wouldn't be anything to ... person thinks they're a wizard ? check . person is offering me a magic pill ? check . do i run ? check . i can imagine where he wants to stick his wand ... : laughing : true . it's obviously a sliding scale . based on what the op wrote , it doesn't seem like that behaviour is impacting his life significantly . ultimately , the important thing to consider in determining ... thanked x1000 . this is sooo annoying . i can't stand it . my sister is an isfj and she gets on my nerves so badly for exactly this reason . the worst part is , i'm usually thinking about something ... this . those two points are very ocd-ish . i for one exhibited a lot of obsessive-compulsive behaviours such as these as teenager , even though i've always been an intp . i did things in a very orderly , ... i very much identify with the idea of an internal agenda . it describes quite succinctly what goes on in my head . i found i almost never payed attention at school . i would always be day dreaming ... tried it once . i ended up meeting someone in my neighbourhood who went to the same school as me . she also happened to be bloody frickin ' amazing . only person i've ever met who i've had much in common ... ever since i was young , if i've ever had to name a random number off the top of my head , that random number has been 52 . probability theory , i defy you ! me , too . : blushed : i'll just wave , thanks . no touching . yay ! nothing beats monty python . it's a well-known one , but it's my favourite : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ifmRgQX82O4 b . j . smegma . : laughing : yes , it was the middle one . hey , welcome . : laughing : yeah , i can't advise on making friends , either . people usually make friends with me , not the other way around . i guess all you can really do is be a friend to others and ... check my sig for the one i most like to live by . other good ones : no price is too high to pay for the privilege of owning yourself . i tell you : one must have chaos within oneself , to give ... yes ! ! ! best band of all time ! it's so rare to run into people who have heard of them , much less people who like them . : happy : anyways , my favourite genre is progressive rock , so i find new bands ... i can't believe you're still not in a relationship ! '