' san francisco , the city , the city by the bay , and the paris of the west . i think you're onto something , especially in regards to the link to the solid world . i remember i was talking to a sensor colleague of mine about my complete disinterest in traveling and she was ... the obvious issue is that people might pick a turtle for reasons totally unrelated to their personality . people take feelings far too seriously , and it's straitjacketing when this newfound focus on emotions was intended to be liberating . i hear people liken hurt feelings to physical harm and i have to ... this is my biggest problem . most intj characters in fiction seem to fit an over-idealized type that is perfectly rational and knowledgeable . intj villains tend to be the worst kinds of villains ... i've always been fairly popular in most contexts despite being heavily introverted . as long as people perceive you as approachable and you leverage your social energy well , you can make friends . ... the functional stack is more about what you are naturally inclined to use than what you are good at . this is important to note because people can develop different talents based on what is supported ... worthless , no . demanding maturity and discipline beyond a typical 18 - year old to ensure a good outcome from it , yes . i earned my bachelor's in physics , and one of the hardest things that i had ... i was born in ' 91 , but got video games in ' 01 and a computer in ' 04 . i only got high speed internet at home two years ago and still don't use a smartphone . the comment quoted earlier pointing out ... 2 . the way you describe the confluence of effects sounds very n , and the way you break it down categorically strikes me as distinctly ti . 3 . independence is a strong emphasis for ji types in my ... i find ni to be immensely engaging , especially when i can intuit novel connections that nobody else sees . i would guess that most types would be partial to their stronger perceiving function , what ... thanks for the suggestion . i think it actually does have a lot to do with self-consciousness resulting from things not matching that fi ideal . it's something similar to dancing , in that being ... i often imagine that it would be nice to not deal with most people . it's hard to bother dealing with the neuroses and cognitive biases that lead people ( myself included , of course ) to stubbornly hold ... the funny thing is that , also se-inferior , i have basically the opposite experience ; it's extremely difficult for me to stop analyzing what i am doing and be in the moment . to date , the only ... certain enneatypes correlate with certain cognitive functions , but the correspondence is far from exact and any mbti type can pair up with any enneatype ( but naturally some pairs are more common than ... it's really true . i always carry within me the implicit conviction that everyone is hostile to social interaction with people they don't know , and for that reason the notion of talking to a stranger ... and that's the key . i joked elsewhere that 95 % of my social interaction came from work , but it isn't far off the mark . work requires us to interact with other people who have different personalities , ... given that birth rates are declining and eventually the world population will start decreasing , automation in the long run is a necessity ; automating enough labor that the inevitable population ... since the rollback occurred , i have had a persistent notification for an unread visitor message that does not disappear if i look at my visitor message . what's more , my post and thank counts seem to ... the importance of fi in the intj's cognition is shocking to other people who only see our te , as well as to maturing intjs who are learning how to handle their tertiary function . ni creates ... i must say , i am surprised by how many people identify with this sort of thing . the sorts of things described here are totally antithetical to my personality . if anything , i suspect that i have too ... he has a strange amount of confidence in his interpretation . the thing is , even if you wanted to assign te the quality of planning and ti the quality of knowing truth , te still functionally requires ... he defines ti and te strangely . he seems to think that te is strictly about planning courses of action and that only ti is capable of evaluating truth . really , ti evaluates the truth of logical ... fi exists within me as a sense of moral obligation . te decides my understanding of what is and anchors my ni in concrete reality . fi decides what i think of that concrete reality . te guides my ... welcome ! i also like cake . particularly chocolate cake . i agree with this topic . it is similar to how psychiatrists will say that someone has schizophrenia rather than that someone is schizophrenic ; you don't let your condition define you . this is a ... an important thing to note is that you don't have to ne it ; you can re-use topics , or even a single topic if it is a real hit . my istj best friend spends half the time talking to me about ... a certain distance is normal for intjs in interpersonal relationships . i've gotten into problems with people over this ( including significant others ) , because my aloofness is misinterpreted as a lack ... i took german in my senior year of college . i'm from the bay area and went to college at uc berkeley . i found being raised by an entp woman to be very intellectually stimulating . she's a retired ... it has definitely helped me better differentiate te and fi . before i understood what fi was doing , i could be really insistent about a position on an issue , thinking that it was backed up by reality ... seriousness might be just the right term , actually . enfps seem to have a sort of lightheartedness to them , while infps and intjs usually approach moral questions with an extraordinary seriousness . ... it's hard to explain , but infps seem to use fi to establish a moral sense , and intjs do something similar ( though our moral sense is far less important to establishing how we approach problems and ... the key about intelligence is that it is relevant to performance in many jobs . someone with low intelligence can't be a good lawyer , just as someone with a small , weak body can't be a mover . inborn ... nobody in this thread has mentioned him , but i've been watching tons of tl ;D r lately ( largely because i still enjoy his videos while i have soured on the bulk of the youtube skeptics and find him to ... conceptualizing fi has helped me make sense of how i feel about things . it also helps me fret less about my shortcomings in other areas , such as ti ( represented as such by formal logic ) and ne ... the help may not be wanted , but it may be needed . that aside , i would note that the supervisor holds significant power over the supervisee by virtue of holding that advantage of a leading function ... guten tag und willkommen ! ich spreche nur ein bisschen deutsch . meine mutter ist ein entp auch . for the reference of non-teutophones , i said hello and welcome ! i speak only a little german . my ... people ( myself included ) don't possess perfectly clear cognition . if we could just lay down the facts and all agree , then i wouldn't need a plan . it doesn't work that way though . solo : longsword of some sort . lack of ammunition consumption is a must , as is reach to keep my distance . it would take practice to handle it deftly , but it would be worth it . group : combat shotgun ... once i've died i won't be in a position to care anymore . under ideal circumstances the process will last only a few brief moments , so why worry about whether someone else is there ? under non-ideal ... intj : to develop the ultimate plan that will finally convince everyone else that i am right about everything . this is also a question that i have wondered about . my own hangup has been that evidently each type corresponding to a particular fear is adjacent to exactly two other fears and you have the ability ... i also have a rich and vivid imagination that i can occupy myself with for long stretches of time , but i do agree that we need the input of other types here . it can be easy to take your own type's ... it's also a guilty pleasure for me , though i haven't been paying attention to types getting banned . i noticed all three of the types you picked are ti-types , and as someone else suggested xntps seem ... i am so used to being disappointed by other people that it is hard for me to let go and rely on someone else to do things . i do idealize the concept of self-reliance , but i also see that it is not a ... this is actually a big part of why i would be interested in such a board , actually . i would love to figure out a lot more about big five and sloan typing , especially considering that it is much ... big five can dovetail into the sloan system of typing , which includes many possibilities for inquiry . there are also questions of how easily mbti traits map to big five traits as there already exists ... i would suspect that j-types would prefer jokes with a long setup and lead-in ( think chekhov's gag ) as opposed to random and spontaneous humor , though i haven't put too much thought into j / p-based ... welcome to the forum . most people are so worried about getting somewhere that they forget to appreciate the process . i am glad to see that you recognize the value of the journey . i choose to follow these rules myself out of respect for the institutions they represent , but i do not expect anyone else to be held to do the same . following the rules as an act of respect can only ... '