' msbossypants seriously , every time you post i feel like you always express my very exact thoughts and experiences ! ! ! i feel like you are in my head ! so thankful to have you in this forum . anyway , ... appi interest : whether it be romantic or friendship , time is valuable . if time is given to you by an entj , then you may be interesting to the entj . the kind and amount of time spent on you may be ... luckyfun 2014 you can adopt a manner of stating your views in a non-argumentative way , so they will not perceive you as complaining , negative , or arrogant . it can also be beneficial to think about ... 1 ) irrational talk and speculation that serve no purpose , which often involve baseless speculations that are tied to what the speaker hopes to be true , but such speculation have always been ... i find that my relationship with god improves the more truth i know about god . it's simply a matter of growing in knowledge of god . the more i knew about him , the more i grew to love god . i find a ... i am an entj christian , and you can say that i have become more devoted to my relationship with god . the thought of death definitely plays a part in it , and i find mortality to play a significant ... as an entj , as i am getting older , i have found some of the older ways to be more profitable than some more interesting and novel ways of doing things . that being said , we may appear to become ... i find myself not so much of a risk taker in the sense that i want to make sure my cards are all in place . thus , a person having a close relationship with us means that we are at ease with that ... petitpèlerin you are absolutely on point with the not doing anything halfway ! my thought process is either go all the way or never . halfing is unacceptable , especially to the object of the action ... tasminapatel it's a type of vasculitis that ends up in renal failure . even with a transplant , the immune system will still destroy it . it will be a life of constant monitoring of renal function . i ... the 11th doctor interesting . as an entj , my self worth is internally generated , because i know that i matter , and my thoughts and actions validate that . it is not dependent on how people treat me ... unstereotypical behaviors : - i have bouts of laziness , in which i know i am being unproductive and yet i still engage in it - i am appreciative of people by saying good things to them - i reframe ... norina i think you hit the nail right in the head . my esfj friends are very good at remembering things that i say , and seem to work around that . i think it made me like them a lot because i felt ... petitpèlerin emotional stability is definitely descriptive of me . i almost never react emotionally to anything initially , since emotions run awry never result in anything good . and you may be ... just wondering , what draws you guys to certain people ? this year i recently moved to a new city and knew nobody . but for some reason , a lot of the close friends that i made turned out to be ... psychsike the normal , customary sense of paying attention is focused with the eyes but you can tell that it is accompanied with simultaneous reflection of the idea being presented . it is not as ... hibiscus thanks for the detailed response ! and there is truth in that we are kind of in your face with what you see is what you get . at least for myself , it makes things go by faster and ... telracs this is a good general description of how i relate to those whom i consider my close friends ! and you may be right that we aren't the first people you may think of when asking for ... hibiscus this is literally how both of my new esfj male friends stare at me , especially when i am making a very important point . it throws me off so much because i came from a very competitive ... telracs interesting . for some reason , a lot of the people that i have drawn towards myself recently tended to be xnfjs and xsfjs . don't know why . all i can think of is that in the past ... tested esfj . i was somewhat close . maybe he was bordering between the two , because i had the impression that he was leaning towards introvert , since the one esfj i know just does not stop talking . johnson.han . 3 you seem very very similar to him ! that's exactly what he did to me ! i feel like he kind of observed me from a distance before all of this ! i met him at some bible study , and ... somevegetables interesting ! i read the post and it seems similar to his stare . although his stare to me has this weird soft / loving gaze . i was almost thrown off thinking that he has this weird desire ... angelcat i myself am not a stranger of talking in generalities , principles and symbols versus talking about concrete examples . i love exploring theories , taking them apart , and then showing its ... somevegetables being an ni-aux ( entj ) , i found myself communicating to him very well , since there are a lot of things that he just understands when i talk to him . do you think it has something to do ... i recently made a good friend i met from a bible study and we instantly hit it off . both of us are not from the area so both of us were looking to make friends . what made us friends was when he ... i recently made a good friend i met from a bible study and we instantly hit it off . both of us are not from the area so both of us were looking to make friends . what made us friends was when he ... personalproblems my situation may be different because i tend to be ambiverted ( although never tested intj , always entj ) . nevertheless , i tended to be more quiet when i was a child for a number of ... maust so much this merry in sunshine he is aware that he is an enfj since i asked him to take the test . he identifies himself as a guru and did acknowledge that the enfj description was spot on to how he sees ... merry in sunshine interestingly , i am feeling this somewhat distrust towards the enfj male that i mentioned . he seems to be vacillating when it comes to being friendly and being open and private ... present ! i would say i was ambivert and still am . this might sound bad but when i was younger , i though a lot of my peers were stupid so i had felt no motivation to interact with them because their ... i've had two enfj friends : one girl and one guy . my father is an enfj . both friends self-identify as leader types , but when they are aware that the area concerned is not their expertise , they have ... bronafide it would be my pleasure to explain it to you ! however i do not think a forum thread would be the most appropriate place to deliver the explanations . perhaps another mode of communication ? digitaldream welcome to perc ! and nice to meet another entj christian ! thought i was all alone here . bronafide interesting ! i was thinking about that too but you laid it out nicely ! physiologically , the high testosterone exposure in the womb is also manifested in my physical traits . plus , i tend ... bronafide interesting ! can you expand on this ? father : enfj fe ni se ti mother : estj te si ne gypsysoul it seems like your private messages inbox is full and it is not allowing me to send you a response . let me know if it's been fixed or if there is an alternate means that you prefer to keep ... gypsysoul this makes a lot of sense ! thanks for breaking it down to me . and you were pretty accurate . for someone still in college , i make quite a bit of money , and tend to not struggle with most ... gypsysoul thanks for your input ! and welcome to perc ! i feel special that your first post is in my thread ! however , i'd like to add a few confounding variables : 1 ) i've known this one fe dom ... entj here outside of close personal relationships : 1 ) want to help others when you can : depends . if the person deserves help , sure . if they don't deserve it ( someone lazy or not trying ) a huge ... sggirb if the male counterpart of that word were used at me ( a-hole , d * * che ) , i probably will laugh it off . i am aware that i do not deliberately do things that will cause people to genuinely call ... elistra cerenach funny how you guys pointed out fe . the person i have in mind is and fe dom . maybe it's a mirroring thing ? it upsets me how i can't really pinpoint the person's identity . i don't ... hello all , i've been noticing somewhat of a pattern with how people generally relate to me . in the most general form , here are two qualities of the said pattern ( in my presence ): 1 ) they ... entj and christian . church to me is definitely not an obligation . i have questioned everything and found it to be truth . ikeurban 21 i actively engage in this as well . i believe that my purposes and goals are served best if i know who i'm dealing with . knowing how someone operates and thinks determines how i deal ... mr . challenger her results could be consistent . i consider the bolded statements to be generally true about how i deal with people . we as entj's are often stereotyped as opposite of those ... ashtangibear exactly how i feel ! although there's kind of a twist in my case . if it's a woman , i'm more tolerant . when they touch me innocently ( more of in a platonic way ) , i feel that they are ... '