' thanks everyone for sharing . i've been feeling very lonely and isolated myself lately , and it's sent me into my head in a way that isn't alwys good . i also have realized that a lot of the things i'm ... i am a west coast swing dancer , and i've done all the ballroom dances . i also dance salsa every week and i used to assist a hustle ( new york style ) class . i'm a capricorn . i find it annoying that i'm supposed to avoid my own sign when dating . but , i always say that capricorns don't really believe in astrology . :) ^ ^ ^ what she said . dear friend , i think i need to walk away from you . i am tired of only being the person you turn to when things are bad . last week you wanted to die , and i was the person who was there to listen , ... i rarely doorslam , however , when i have , it's more like a switch in my brain . one example is my relationship with my ex-spouse . i had been fighting to save our marriage for years , and then suddenly ... you know what i really haven't missed ? stress migraines . how do i know i haven't missed them ? because i am sitting at my desk trying to stave one off before it bcomes any worse and dealing with the ... i am very selective about who i open up to because i have become accustomed to people opening up to me and then not reciprocating when i need someone to talk to . i am also careful with people who ... dear friend , i am very sorry that things have come to the point where you feel that i have betrayed you , but those few hours on wednesday night when you were driving around with a bottle of vodka ... so , i am a 47 - year-old divorced , female infj who has spent most of my life doing for others , and not a whole heck of a lot doing for myself . this summer , an emotional hurricane basically blew throw ... every time you post something about introversion on facebook , the people who don't really know you well respond with why are you posting this ? you aren't an introvert ! and then you have to explain ... my desire to talk about hard stuff with you directly correlates to my desire to keep you in my life . i will be more likely to have those conversations with a lover , but i have them with my closest ... i hate this quote . dear lover who has decided to be a friend instead , you were the first person i talked to in the morning and the last one i talked to before sleeping for over a month . you are someone with whom i ... when you can't get angry and walk away from someone who has decided to pursue friendship instead of more because you have been so emotionally intimate that you can't lose them . so you forgive them ... i have never been an indiscriminately touchy person , however i crave meaningful physical contact . if i am upset , i usually don't want to be touched by anyone unless i am in a safe place where tears ... i saw an internet meme the other day that said something like i have 99 problems and 86 of them are completely made up scenarios in my head . yeah ... if i find it again , it may become my profile ... i use that . also my sly sense of humour and my intesely awkward demeanor . in other words , i'm not entirely sure how to flirt , and and normally take a really long time to figure out that someone is ... so much yes . mine for the day : when you laugh out loud and then have to peel your friend off the ceiling because he was so startled by the noise that came out of your body . or a mixed-race gay couple with children of yet another race ...  ... with lesbian next-door neighbors one of whom acted as their surrogate . i love to write and implement good process and procedure at work and am deeply offended by bad process . really . it hurts my heart . fwiw , i second everything chimeric says . i stayed in a verbally abusive relationship for 10 years , and i will be carrying the scars for the rest of my life . i don't know what mbti type your bf is , ... i haven't read any other responses to this , but the question hit me in an interesting place because i'm not attracted to assholes . unfortunately , they are very attracted to me . i am fairly shy ... saw a t-shirt that said something like : let me tell you about my attention deficit disorder . or cake . i like pie . do you like dogs ? i have a cat . what's today ? i saw a rock . hi . i kind of want ... even when that wasn't your intention . so , i am being flirted with at work . one of my co-workers who has been expressing interest for a few months but not making a move was recently assogned to a different yard where i won't see him as ... when you have been supportive of a friend who is going through a rough patch for days on end but still feel bad when you have to gently explain to them that you are overtired and need to walk away ... i take your meaning , and i'm not talking about the thing where we all need to adapt in order to maintain healthy relationships . that is a part of life and growth , and i try very hard to never hurt ... i concur with all of this , but there's one other important way that my criteria have changed . i have learned the hard way that it is not possible to make another person truly happy . you are not ... jebediah thank you ! sometimes your thought processes move too fast for even you to keep up with . but that could just be the add ... waltz , please . also , does anyone know how to mention someone in a post so that they are actually aware of it ? i cannot grok how this is done from my searches of this site . i'm talking about the ... warweasel , i get where you are coming from . sometimes i am deeply grateful that i work with adults , and sometimes i am freaked out by the knowledge that i am talking to a 37 year-old man who has been ... i get really upset when people try to ascribe motives to me without actually asking me why i am saying or doing something . ocelot is a great word ... kind of like platypus . they roll off the tongue . philosophizer , you read in a lot of intentions that were not there . you asked for an assessment and i gave you one . it was pretty blunt . i told you how i would feel in her position and gave you ... even now . and even with new friends who are 10-20 years younger than me . another note : it is very possible to be interested in someone but not ready to be in a relationship with them . sometimes one needs recovery time . i didn't even consider dating for over two years ... she told you what day she was free . that was an invite to make plans . probably something small like coffee someplace public . she chose not to give you her phone number , which says that , although she ... yes to everything on veggie's list . philosophizer , she was interested . if she's anything like me at that age ( time to use that handy grain of salt you should always have nearby when interacting on the internet ) , she would have met up ... a friend of mine said something interesting the other night . i can't play hard to get because i never realize someone is pursuing me until he's about to walk away . that's kind of the story of my ... i have never thought that i had psychic powers . i'm a helper sort and highly attuned to other people , so , yes , frequently i can tell when people are hurting . i can easily discern ( through ... platypus ! i often know what other people need to hear in order to feel better . it's something i've been able to do for as long as i can remember . i also frequently know what the most hurtful thing i could ... here as well . why would he be gone for some time as a result of this ? i read the full exchange , and it makes no sense to me . he is blunt , but he is not , imo , inappropriate . and you put them on and take them off at the drop of a hat without realizing that you are doing it until later . then you obsess about how you have no idea if anyone actually knows who you are . i am almost 46 , and i still don't do casual sex . i have no issues with people who can and do , but i know that i don't do well in those situations . in my 20s i was in two situations where i was ... hypathia , i am not ignoring you , i just had no power and therefore no access to this site yesterday . i will need to think about this question sometime when i am not preoccupied with work . two ... '