' i'm finding myself addicted to life . thoughts are never really random . i think my boyfriend is trying to make me fat . . . > . < why can't people just love each other every day ? once a year seems pretty pathetic . . . there is a deep craving in my soul . it calls from the depths of my being , begging to be heard , to be felt , to be appeased . it lingers in the corners of my mind and whispers to me when i am alone , ... 8/ 10 looks like fun ! infj . . . is what this says . * grain of salt * i was nine , he was twelve . he had the longest , prettiest hair of any boy i'd ever met . i now have an irrational fear of a ninja hiding in my home . thank you , brain . i've always wanted to have a dream that ruined ninjas for me . q1 : not usually . if it is someone attractive i tend to lose all train of thought . q2 : when in a socially awkward situation , sometimes i look at people just to make them feel uncomfortable if i'm ... 9/10 it's so cute ! i attempted and failed . i was itchy all over , swallowed several times , and ended up having an awful dream . i am going to try until i succeed , though ! coffee is the nectar of the gods . 7/10 cause i don't get it . :P it irritates me as well , when people say they're choosing to be ' unique ' , even though their ' unique ' style just makes them like everyone else . greetings , and welcome . asdfghjkl do any of my fellow intps have issues making eye contact when they speak ? i tend to get really lost when looking at people's eyes . :/ am i just insane ? i'm sorry for crashing your entp party here . . . but i'm attempting this tonight ! i have never tried glazed carrots . it is now on my to-do list . i haven't watched the movie either . . . i shall . i shall find it and i shall . i love that quote , too . . . it's so . . . me . hey , welcome ! surreal snake writes poetry like a sir but it should be published because then people would read it and the world would be cooler don't try to talk unless you actually have something to say . try this : tell her something funny that happened to you recently , and then give her the opportunity to respond and tell you about ... there are few things more depressing than a glazed-over contact . anyone willing to tackle the characters from psych ? shawn , gus , juliet , lassie , henry , mcnabb . . . yang . . . i dunno , anyone you want to try . i am awful at typing . : frustrating : painting my nails multiple times is the only thing i have achieved today . piano for eleven / twelve years . bass guitar for six months for something . fife for four years . i can marginally play the marimba and acoustic guitar .. i want really badly to learn a string instrument ... an intellectual is a man who doesn't know how to park a bike . anyone else have this problem ? tying shoes , doing simple chores , putting pants on . . . i already know what's in this thread , but i keep clicking on it again and again just because it's telling me not to . it's impossible to resist . well played . i don't think an intp is likely to give up his current family for another person . we're too lazy . :/ my best advice would be to get the heck out of this situation and never look back . if you're ... what do you do when you have fallen in love with a 14th century song in a language you can't understand ? : o no ! what's under the garden gnome , an m - 80 ? came out of my shell looked around and saw people i went back inside there are few things better than trying in one's own botched way to teach someone something of value , and then having them exceed your expectations . let's be best friends , okay ? deadline on my essay has been extended and i got both the hug and the trip to the bookstore . now instead of worrying about my essay , i get to read a biography of einstein . ^ . ^ they keep us inside crying , alone blank pieces of paper scattered , white we stare and blink squirm , sob essays i'm out of time and all i got is four minutes . whether or not i use slang depends on the word / circumstance . i absolutely despise when people say obvsies and adorbs instead of obvious and adorable , but i'm perfectly fine with cops or other things ... every once in a while i try to write smoothly but i am no poet . every time i see a mirror i try to be beautiful but i am no model . every so often i try to paint it doesn't bother me so much , i realize . whether or not he / she came up with the idea or is just repeating it , i am still receiving the same information . i need a hug . a really big , tight , bear hug that just says , i'm here for you . and then i need that person to look me in the eyes and say , go write your essay , and i'll go to the bookstore with you ... anyone seen this yet ? i'm going to see it tonight . what are all your thoughts on scary movies ? : angry : i find that taking serious personality / function tests doesn't really help me at all , as i over think them and mess up my score really oddly . i figured out i was an intp by simply reading type ... enjoy more . i am sixteen , going on seventeen . . . doctor who - amazing sci-fi time-traveling masterpiece of a tv show ! watch the new series ( 9th through 11th doctor ) . psych - incredibly funny ! a little repetitive , but you hardly notice . avatar : ... the awkwardness of having to hang out with your boyfriend's brother . . . by yourself . :/ but i don't want my wall clock to keep moving . '