' i'm not sure what's better ... posting individual pictures or just the link to my entire public gallery ( years of pics ) .. may be easier for me to offer links to individual cool galleries . ... ok , that was pretty funny ! lol ! thanks man ! how do you do the mention tags btw ? it's really no different between my ex ( isfj ) and myself ( esfj ) . took many years ( 5 ) and the extended breakup we are on to wrap my mind around her need to withdraw , and not take it as personally . ... for sure , as we discussed in another thread , i totally relate to my wing 3 . i am an achiever when i am tasked to something . it truly takes a lot to get me there , but when i finally have it in my ... your words comfort me ... it's funny , just yesterday we talked for about an hour about what she's looking for in a guy ( me or others ) , saying it's somewhere between me and her ex husband . so i ... lol ... and just like that ( talk about missing me ? ) she texts me 10 minutes later with just some random tidbit to talk about . distance can make the heart grow fonder ... i just pray the damage ... we had it planned ... august 8th 2015 . i had text her this morn just saying i was thinking if you . she text me back right now hoping i was having fun . i called her and we just chit chat for a few ... it's funny how you say that ... she would always say the same in the last year . i need to miss you ! so it sounds like your boyfriend is a lot like me . are you guys dating others ? she has ... honestly ... i'm a needy two with little sense of boundary . she's a enneagram type 3 , so that means that during periods of tasking and focus she's always doing , not being . what that feels like to ... i believe it's a place of endless beauty ... not just in the world , but within . gone are the personal demons that own us . anxiety , fear , rejection , sadness . instead , there is just a feeling of ... the final fantasy series for me ! definitely have had some choking up moments .. sent from my iphone using tapatalk honestly ... i don't believe they can * sustain * a relationship . anyone , if they're interesting can attract a mate . whether it's physical beauty that gets you in the door , or confidence , being a ... thanks for joining ! :) lol , nice intro ! made me laugh . i'm sure you can request to have the username updated . it's easy enough .. welcome ! for sure ... read them all , and then decide for your self ! i realized there was a misguided portion of my young adult life ( 15 + years ago ) where i mapped out as an isfj and then about 10 years later ... welcome ! ! ! :) so , here's a followup then ... what is the practical difference ( that people have experianced in real life ) between an isfp and isfj . i agree . i read through that , and the one thing i appreciated most of my isfj was when she'd finally open up to me and tell me what was wrong . it give me a chance to actually do something to help ... i'm looking for perspective from females on just what makes them tick in relationships ? what are turn ons , what are turn offs . what give you feelings of security or loneliness ? i'm an esfj , and ... i guess it's what they say , about it taking time to heal . i tried after a month to go out on a few dates .. being the charmer , didn't take long to advance things , and i just felt rotten and ... welcome ! :) great read ! check out the type 2 sub forum . i have my entire story that brought me here in there . perhaps you'd have some words of wisdom from a different perspective . welcome ! well written ! not sure , but it tells me you're defining yourself still . i started growing up as an isfj , then an intj .. then i realized through my experiences in life i ranked out as an esfj . you'll find that ... welcome man ! that pretty much sums us up . best friends , but with passionate benefits . i know we truly loved though . had planned and talked about marriage until the pressures of the last year really got to us ... thought i'd stop in and say hi ! i've really taken to this site , as a means of growth with like minded people who get each other . i know i'm done feeling the way i do sometimes and have embraced ... i'm going through a major tiff with my ex gf of 5 years . we're currently broken up , but still talking , seeing each other . we've both actively dated , and do have our own date setup in a month ... '