' sir + eye + sack + fig newton's sir isaac newton sent from my sch-i 545 using tapatalk enneagram 5w6 results : 43 % intp 13 % infp 10 % entp i'm not too shocked at my results . i got infp once or twice when taking other mbti tests , and i think i can come across as infp to my mostly ... is that the te-fi axis ? sent from my sch-i 545 using tapatalk i second that . the count is getting a bit deflated . sent from my sch-i 545 using tapatalk why tell when i can simply show . 715410 7154 18 more abstractly the concept of removing earrings and passing them to a friend in preparation for a girl fight is quite common . 715434 7154 26 solo : katana or sabre . quick decapitation , no ammo and light for quick movement . i am also formally trained in sabre . group : crossbow / bow . multi-use ammo , slow reload time is acceptable due to ... hold my hoops . but usually only used when someone's about to fight . good you're just on time for your appointment . now how far up your ass is the stick lodged ? with your abysmal accuracy it's probably for the best that you don't masturbate to me . is your accuracy so bad because it's too tiny to get a good grip on ? when masturbating to loli's it might be more effective to aim your funstick away from the keyboard next time . might prevent those keys from not working . it must have been tough for you in school . having an ass for a face and all . but i believe with enough practice and determination you'll learn how to simple words like grape in no time . you will see some differences . for example the presence of onuf's nucleus in the male spinal cord and its absence in the female . for most males you'll see darker patterning in their interstitial ... to me the cynical part is the assumption of an ulterior motive and not the emotional detachment . for example as eryngo pointed out the democratic party's obsession with promoting idpol does not ... i hesitate to trust the dailytelegraph as a genuine news source but assuming it's accurate then that's definitely a problem . in general i dislike quotas and sensitivity training , because they don't ... we don't remember the guy who invented bread . doesn't mean bread isn't an important aspect of most cultures and the effects of that original breadmaker aren't seen through to today . you seem to be ... there were advocates of japanese-american civil rights and chinese-american civil rights . internment camps don't happen without there already being present racial tendencies . many of them worked with ... i haven't made the channel yet as it's gonna be a shared channel . but i'm writing a script right now . why would i want to not have a soul ? that would make us have something in common . sent from my sch-i 545 using tapatalk you spent waaay too much time in the how i would kill the person above me thread to not be intj . although i now have to expand anime avatars to not solely being the domain of intps . sent ... you should stop scratching the freckle on your face sent from my sch-i 545 using tapatalk to some extent it is purposeful . i mean look at hillary's whole campaign . i'm a woman and the black demographic loves me . while she did have some left wing policies the vast majority of her ... since we're taking this to a political level i'll throw my 2 pence in . there is no real left . the left's love affair with idpol has to do with the simple fact that they're conservative / centrist ... i knew i was missing something . above me , yes fairly accurate . only an intj would spend so much time on an internet forum . sent from my sch-i 545 using tapatalk maybe . you seem hesitant about your type and are open to new interpretations of yourself ( strikes me as ne ) but you seem to lack the sort of conviction and strong sense of self i expected from an ... thank you benjimac . i can definitely reasonably see both candidates being fine leaders despite my distaste . but that anecdote about the scottish independence campaign is definitely putting a lot of ... they should definitely learn from you about good customer service . you do it for free and come with your own paper bag . sent from my sch-i 545 using tapatalk i hesitate to make sweeping generalizations about the intellectual abilities of the rest of the population . i do agree that in general society seems to be built for esfjs more than for intps . but i ... i can relate to this quite a bit . i wish i could offer you something more tangible and maybe help you . but i'm kinda jaded myself . maybe change your environment in some way ? change the people you ... that's a very interesting perspective that i hadn't really considered . it does make more of a practical sense to try and associate yourself with some simple , catchy slogan , than to try and get ... i thought intjs were supposed to be cunning and insightful . your insults read like you pulled them out of a fortune cookie . sent from my sch-i 545 using tapatalk i like thinking . i tend to spend a lot of time articulating my thoughts in my head . i present a point , then a counter point to my point , than a counter counter point that brings me back to my ... yes . you type with a very detached demeanor and you have an anime avatar . sent from my sch-i 545 using tapatalk i completely agree that genuine emotional manipulation deserves scorn and derision . my problem is my mind seems to interpret all appeals to positive emotions as misleading and manipulating . this also ... getting good at chess and starting a youtube channel discussing politics and related cultural crap . mainly they're exercises for me to try and do something instead of trying to create something ... do any of you have a real fundamental problem with cynicism ? specifically when it comes to understanding human motivations in the actions that they take . warning : before any members of the ... pretty accurate . that signature would seal the deal on its own but your post history is mainly responses to question games like this and that seems pretty infp-ish ( showcases your individuality ... i'd oblige your request but there doesn't seem to be anything down there to suck on . 23 on the aspergers test . and 87 ( slightly strange ) on the 4 chan test . if i didn't get the + 6 woman bonus i'd have been a cyborg . the goal of typing is ti understand what your type is and then , see what functions you use and improve them as needed . for example if your intp that's too dumb to serve coffee isn't using his / her ti ... ne sent from my sch-i 545 using tapatalk he was my first introduction to the jungian cognitive functions and i'm definitely a fan . in defence of his heavy comparisons in the revisited series i think the goal of it was to clear up confusion ... americans were in a prime position to assert their independence and then develop without much threat . it was too much of a cost back then for the european countries to try and come reconquer america , ... i feel guilt basically at the drop of a hat . death is tougher , i can sometimes be much more insensitive to death and the feelings that surround it . if i am not close with a person it's harder for ... intp like an earlier user posted i don't really have favourite artists but favourite songs . here are artists where i have liked at least 5 of their songs or a full album / ep . 10 . caravan palace ... it's always nice to see stupid people participating in public forums . i'm happy that you tried your hardest to insult me . maybe next time try not to use an endearing term as an insult . sent from ... that's a lovely photo of yourself and your mother you have there . it's always nice to see a grown man not afraid to vacation with his mom . i mean i try to take into account the contra is trans / genderqueer and thus she might be more sensitive about that . another thing is that i think contra couldn't logically understand why non ... the memory thing is definitely an inferior si thing . if its the thing that you notice the most as a weakness in yourself than you are very likely entp . an intp with an inferior fe would have social ... i'm glad to help . your elaboration on the new situations bit really solidifies your ne use . : happy : i think the point of the post you're quoting isn't that intps believe that meaning exists and just hasn't been found yet . rather that their lack of meaning in life and concrete purpose might ... '