' i don't know about anyone else here , but i'd be more willing to trust and take importance from myers-brigg's statistic's that are declared biased and by one person . the official statistic's that ... i think the enneagram represent's a spectrum of focus for the individual . like do you place your energy in the security , image , or gut . so it's sort of like your parent handing down a trait to ... no , but you do want to be able to use all three of the energie's : assertive , adaptive , and withdrawn . hence i suggest you broaden your scope to see whether you fit the thinking , feeling , or gut ... instinctual variant's can be seen separate and connected to the enneagram . so like finding your basic enneagram type before wing , it's best to understand your preference before stacking . i wanted ... as a precursor , i really wouldn't be writing this unless i was confused myself . so i attempt taking responsbility for my own confusion by writing this . there's a reason that there's the ... on these forums , i think most people individually bring their knowledge from socionics , mbti , keirsey , or jung and discuss it here . as for the mbti , i believe the creators ( using jung's work ) ... i'd need you to draw the correlation you're seeing between the mbti ( infp ) and enneagram ( gut triad ) first . for i don't believe there is much correlation that i have seen as they both work in ... perhaps this is a blind nf unawareness in me , but i think it's the people that have the biggest focus on judging racism ; therefore ... it may be determined more correctly by functions . that is if ... i know this has been done a million times , but i did have a theory on the vampires . i believe the wolves and vampires exhibit a superb primary function . meaning it is their special power . and that ... i believe it depends on the person . i find that some people at a healthy level will admit another's perspective while another healthy person will perhaps integrate it . taking the statement that some ... it's sort of a subtle process to take or else you will fall apart over and over again . meaning the orgasm will also be a failure . currently i'm not entirely ' clean ' ( whatever that means ) , i read ... i was hopeful that my body would faithfully reflect how i felt inside - for better or worse . i find it in myself , but the issue is that i become unaware of its effect . for example , halting breath ... i think because our main decision making function is internal , that to make that type of decision , you have to start within . it feels to complex when you need to think for a group of other ... i remember this question for my high school entrance exam . well , somewhat , it was what ' who do you want to be ' ? i ended up writing about how i wanted to be myself and no one else , as i don't want ... i recall in high school taking mass amounts of sugar as i got home and went into the online world , but i don't think i need it because i feel most alive upon waking up in th emorning ( only a matter ... i was taking a leadership class which carried one of my least favorite types of books : 5 steps to being a leader . ( hate the idea of a linear process to something ); but it did explain a passive , ... what reason is there to sleep regularly though ? at least for me , ineed a purpose to do something in consistency like sleep regularly . once i am in a relationship , i find myself motivated to find ... what is dating ? i think arranged marriage is suicide , and i'd rather be a hermit then with a wedding ring , dress , tuxedo , and this ' other ' person . here , let me barf on that for you . how polite of ... this reminds me of two things : 1 ) compliments are a judgement . ( so criticisms aren't the only one ) i can absolutely relate too . i apologize for people complimenting me . i think perhaps you need ... i wouldn't feel like i was my other's soul mate if they had done that to me . it is sort of like a couple having sex , then later that night one still has the urge to release .. ( and then masturbates ... someone said infp is actually the most judgmental type . although i am not sure how that correlates to the most laid back type . i mostly agree , but i feel like explaining will only lead to a ... i believe most of the statistics on mbti and the book are under motivation to assist people in careers ; therefore the evaluations are taken at colleges , workplaces , etc ... and typically not over the ... infps tend to be spiritual but not find interest in organized religion . furthermore , i think this type trap depends on which type . or maybe it depends on how much time you spend , but i never ... as an introvert , i've always been confused with my heavy alone time but my prime interest and motivation are to be with humans . i used to say , i like humans ; but i don't like what they do . ... you remember what you are interested in or focus / care about . it is sort of like the argument that what we are emotionally attached to . i think this question of , ' memorizing what ' , may be better ... comparing this to the enneagram types like 9 , i don't think it is a universal truth ; however i do see it as sort of a trend . yet this is challenging to validate because i think the difference ... it's just weird because how i saw your interaction was you were like this wizard that gives a short simple answer . i've spent this time trying to figure out , what am i doing actually ? so the ... is the fi apparent ? what did you see ? even after removing it from my profile ? how did you find out ? just this past sunday i fell off my bicycle as it went down and up a mound . silently i detached from the vehicle , flying over it and some things happened .. what i remember is releasing from the bike ... i find it a vague system as well . there's not really an official enneagram as its passed down more from like person to person as opposed to anything strictly kept . a lot of people recommend the ... if someone hasn't already slammed the black jack , i'm going to put the typical answer that it depends on health of type on whether they are able to identify themselves . at first thought i may point ... i agree with this , yet i still have to grow up alongside mine . but the attraction while not looking is entirely true . yes , and i'm insane . credibility : 0 same here , and it is odd . my girlfriend values the calm that i apparently bring her , but i usually only use that tone with her when i'm uncomfortable or distanced . as for my parents , taylor , you ... i used to research personality disorders like i would find some spiritual path or conclusion at the end . i really didn't know how else to understand myself then personality types and personality ... perhaps you could incorporate all four functions in this . as in describing past images i imagine relates to si , you explained the fi associative desire , maybe ne can imagine the world , and ti .. ? ... off-hand note : i agree that i think analyzing a poem ruins its purpose . i have been reading a book on fairy tales for children and it even says not to share the meaning of the story to them , as ... i agree with amanda on speaking to her personally , like how it affects you . although extraverted feeling is one of her shadow functions , so you cannot push it too hard ; but i think she will be ... i'm not saying wait , but college and high school are two very different realms . whereas high school i have read is more s focused and college more n . my point being that , and in relating , high ... it's just sparked up as something that came up when someone i love was injured and i couldn't interact with her for a long time . what she specifically told me was the best friend was the one that ... i view myself into more of the undefined category ( paradox ) . like the shaman gender , androgynous . perhaps the infp coined hermit . i can see the trusting yourself aspect in peoples post's true ... do you still imagine or hope that things will work out ? i have noticed that in my own relationships that if i cannot be friends , then the romantic side becomes hopeless . this sounds like a good ... i think you are going to find your energy heaving at a down spiral . i think i can relate as i probably would be too shy to engage in a relationship if the other didn't first share their ... my house is the clothing i wear which shelters a seed inside . a seed that i wish roots grow out to the nearby world with the money i have . that's ideals though . ( totally agree about throwing the bed ... this is something i imagine a lot . but for me it felt ingenuine . like masochistically , it feels more natural to punch myself rather then take a knife and cut a specific point . so same for death that ... i had a dream about this , i died . but i have read the zombie survival guide and was thinking maybe we could make type teams . 4 is the ideal number . we could do it in the 4 keirsey triads : sp , ... wait , your point brought an intuitive insight to me ! i have noticed a difference of people on here that have these internal conversations ( all infps , except one ... and some ) , but not everyone shares ... i can relate to this ! my best friend right now has broken a part of her leg to which i was ever so willing to dedicate all my time to watch over with my two eyes . i'd become the therapist , the ... the opposite of what the civil war general says to you : wait for the white of their eyes to show before shooting . for you and unlike the law of attraction , don't try guessing their feelings . ... '