thanks , i'm trying , tackling it a day at a time . i understand , that's pretty common . if it lasts more than a couple of days it could be depression , or for me , it's lasted more than 3 years . i am an intj , and my favorite photographer is elana shumilova . hello , i appreciate the time you've given in reading this post . as an intj , i was recently diagnosed with major depression . although it was a recent diagnoses , it was by no means for me a recent ... yes , i do understand that she targets me because physically speaking i am unable to retaliate effectively back , but i have to agree with you that i don't see any reason where hurting someone should ... i like morbid humor , one of my favorite jokes is a dark spin off an old classic . ' why did the chicken commit suicide ? to get to the other side . ' i'm more of a romantic when it comes to relationships , although i've never been in one . i want a relationship where my partner and i can get into the most rediculous fights but in the end we make up ... thanks , for responding . a part of me wants to not take this seriously , since trying to fix this has never worked in the past , and our family has always been turbulant ; however , no relationship i'd ... hey , intj dillema over here . i hate sounding whiny or rude , but my sister just doesn't understand boundaries . growing up , i was introverted to the max ( more of an intp person back then ) and did not ... what i am seeking in a partner is someone who is extraverted and iinterested in people - specifically for times when i don't want to deal with them . i would love it if my partner had a good ... your story is very similar to mine while growing up . my family was constantly uprooting itself , so i never was able to develop the skill of forming peer relationships . eventually , i realized that ... that's interesting , i can understand staying at a party if you enjoy being there , but not many people are interested in the things i'm interested in . that kind of leaves me hanging near the walls ... nevermind , looks like i missed the celebration comment . congrats on just asking him . oh yes , for an awkward teenage time i was an intp . you can type his last letter later but there are a few things you should be aware of before stepping into any sort of relationship with us in . ... i think you aggrivated the situation unintentionally by keeping in contact with her when she started to freak out . she doesn't seem able to listen to you in real life , but that's on her part . at this ... well , you tried . however , the best insults are the ones that fly over everyone's head besides those that are worthy ... so , how are you ? absquatulation anonymous sorry , i know this is a highly controversial topic but i feel it needs to be addressed . as a part of the introverted crowd on this site , i know this common trait is ... this behavior increases the likely hood of diseases or defects in dna in the family to increase , and merely trivial problems in the family's genetics can become fatal over time . however , one such ... situations outside of the intj's field of expertise or understanding . also a less sociable one will loose confidence if placed in an event requiring communication . repeatedly failing our own ... i am horrible with comforting a distressed person . its taken me quite some time to realize that people don't like to have the situation corrected for them . i've just started to get in touch with my ... i would set a pitfall trap by digging a hole , throwing a net over the top - camouflaging it - , then set a pile of physic / chem / psychology books over the top . then , you wait.actually , you just got to ... no , i do not hate mankind , i'm too easily entertained by them . so , as a lesbian intj , any tips onto how to assess and pick a mate ? not that many good advice online that helps me meet and firm connections with the ladies , as an introvert , the dating kingdom for ... am i the only intj that makes lists iin my head instead of on paper ? maybe he's busy or thinking about something . you could have also done something he didn't like and he chose to disengage from the relationship . or when you make plans to leave at a certain time so you're not late for an important event but an isfp wants to leave a little later and still thinks she can get there on time . meanwhile , freak ... when you get in a fight with a self-rightious istj and they threaten to kick you out of the car to which you promoly reply , ' go ahead ' and when they seem confused by your response you assure them ... ♡ ♢ potpourri notmie typ ♧ ♤ wow , so many good ones here . i have a lot of scents at home but my favorite has got to be eude de getawayfomme . yes , i love art and i love doing the best i can on my work . i also hate group projects where the quality of my work is dependant on those around me . and as a highschool senior , i dislike unorganized ... thanks for responding so quickly , however , i have a few questions . i see you've also responded to another thread ive posted in . since your an intp , youve probably done plenty of research and have ... i'm also having trouble figuring out whether i'm an intp or intj . have you been in a lot of stress lately ? there's a theory about the shadow personality of your type coming out to play every so ... thank you for coming here to help me figure out my type . i've been having trouble distinguishing myself between intj and intp because i've tested as both types before . as of right now , my best ...