' coulda been better hello and welcome from a fellow infp . thank you , sei 35 . and the same goes for you . feel free to message me anytime . :) https://youtu.be/bum-_HklFic all right , why can i not embed a frickin video ? i'm the opposite . the sun energizes me . well , only when it's warm . if it's sunny and below freezing , all bets are off . i often wonder how much more productive my life could have been if i'd been ... nicoloco 90 good luck ! wickerdeer the moon really was beautiful last night . i went out for a while ( downtown olympia , in washington state ) , and the clouds cleared for the first time in a few days , and there it was , just ... wickerdeer i'm with you . i just want to write stories about people fucking all day . ha , and i do ! hahaha . i'm on a self-imposed trump moratorium . i'm sick of hearing his fucking name or seeing his ... hello infpstarwarsnerd 97 and welcome ! hello aspiringwriter ! and welcome to these forums . welcome , pau 576 ! welcome ! i also like https://www.16personalities.com/ but as said , there are many many more that might help you narrow it down . ps--your personality type doesn't define you . and it's not a ... let's give it a twist by fitz of depression these are two of my favorites from that album . https://youtu.be/fYkMeXtJ6iA?list=PLVgiHwjbmfYC0sdLyVW41hN8He1-w32me ... witch of oreo : tongue : somebody was bound to do it eventually . hahaha butterflyeffect i don't think it's ever wrong to open up to somebody or try to connect with them in some way . i've had similar experiences , of course , and in at least one instance , the other ... been reading through this thread and i'm intrigued by it . i don't know if other infps do the doorslam but i never have . but probably because i let so few people in . actually , i don't let anyone ... i don't have any advice , although , honestly , i wish i did , because you sound pretty low . i don't know that you're broken and i don't know what is reasonable to expect . but i will say this : ... awesome ! i've said before that starting a relationship was like having a big cabinet full of fine china , and each time one of your expectations is dashed , you whip out one of the dishes and crash it into the ... i've taken about a dozen different tests but always come up with infp . and it's always slightly disappointing . i think i'd rather enjoy being an infj . or an enfp . or maybe isfp . yeah , that one would ... i am very reluctant to open up to people and don't do very well or very often . for me , though , it's not really a fear thing . but could be . who knows . maybe some subconscious survival mechanism ... edit . whoops . double post . ( my whole ... fucking ... day ... has been like this . goddammit . and it's still only 10:30 am ! ) well ... let's see . spent the week reeling from heartbreak ... and now it's manifested itself as an intense grumpiness . or it could be just that the weather is changing and a warm wind is blowing and the ... courageous_soul good luck ! we're all rooting for you ! courageous_soul if you have to , write him a note and hand it to him on monday . i'm too shy to talk to you , but i'm interested . put your email address or phone number in it . it might even be to ... trying to find something intriguing enough to get my mind off of other things . so far , it's been an utter failure . : unsure : fuck it . guess i'll just go get drunk . well , i do shower every morning . ( otherwise i wouldn't wake up . ) so i guess there's that . :P i enjoy participating in a lot of sports , but don't particularly like watching them . except occasionally . ( i have gone through periods where i was passionate about different sports though--hockey , ... one word at a time . : tongue : ( sorry , i know you were asking a serious question and expecting a serious answer , but i just couldn't resist . : unsure : ) but in all seriousness , i'm sure the way ... welcome fmcla this thread wasn't anything like i imagined it would be ... and for that i am disappointed . what the thread actually contained , however , more than made up for it . ( the disappointment , not my ... and me . haha . i guess we're gonna need another happy-go-lucky type in here to balance my negativity out ! i don't wash my hands every time after i pee . especially in public restrooms where they just have those warm air hand dryers . i hate those things . whenever i use one i just imagine all the bacteria ... dear lorrid . my romantic experience with an infj was ... well , pretty wonderful . i'm sorry yours was so tumultuous and unpleasant ( well , except for the tons of amazing sex , of course . ) katierose i'm not really one to give advice . mostly because the only firm conclusion i've ever come to is just this : i don't know shit . but the secret is , neither does anyone else ! we're all ... elduria thank you . for both the welcome and the offer . i really do appreciate it . :) but it wouldn't be right for me to unload my troubles on a kind but unsuspecting good samaritan . haha . but ... i don't have any life-altering secrets . if i did , i'm sure i already would have been exposed or confessed years before any blackmailer could get to me . guilt alone would already have altered my life ... i don't know what he is , but i found this thread hilarious . i wouldn't want to be associated with him in any way , either , even tangentially . i'm pretty sure he isn't an infp , though . hahahaha . okay , i guess . i sometimes fantasize about walking across the country . right from the edge of the pacific ocean here in washington state , to the atlantic in maine . taking only what will fit in a backpack ( mostly ... 651778 the how introverts make friends one is one of my favorites . thank you , bl0bfish . butterflyeffect nah , i don't want to reveal too much on a public forum . but you nailed it , all that emotional turmoil and self-flagellation . france would be nice . ( well , unless marine le ... well , damn . you sure do know how to put a fella on the spot . i guess it's my own fault for being so ... evasive ... in my original post . all right . so here goes . i live in western washington in the ... aisle . used to be window , but planes have gotten so cramped lately , i have to be able to escape my seat and stomp around . moo shu pork or taco truck ? edit : huh . must have replied to the ... i have a folder full of landscapes that cycle through . someone pointed out to me that almost all of them feature roads . small country roads , rural highways , paths in the woods , that sort of thing . i ... sleeping used to be one of the few things i was really good at . went to bed around 9:30 or 10 , woke easily as soon as the light entered my window , even in the summertime . when i was a kid , i was the ... i think you should go a step further . really make the experiment interesting . all cell phones and reading materials were confiscated . there aren't any windows . and the room is round . no corners to ... your scores : auditory : 40 % visual : 40 % tactile : 20 % hello stasii . hope you have a great day too . ( for the record , school really was a waste of time . : laughing : ) '