' don't do it , even reuburns the isfp said that too . the female isfps on here are probably lesbian or transvestites who are goading you into doing wrong ( this one time , i tried to have cybersex with an ... how nice of crapazoid of creating an entp account from his other entp account to ask questions about isfp ! just behave as you usually do , that's how i got my isfp . also keep in mind of the isfp ... i think we need an introvert sensor to keep us on track and on task . but someone who is feely to smooth over things and a p to be flexible on deadlines and not get all rigid like j's . compared to ... yep . infjs i meet are always on the verge of emotional implosion because they feel no one wants to understand them or they feel mistreated if something is not going right . they're constantly ... they're kinda like istps , completely anti-social / social at the same time , if they like someone ( which could be platonic / curiosity / romantic ) they will approach the person , but sooner or later their ... got to hand it to estps being master charmers giving you what you want . your esfj friend is right but also keep in mind sps such as yourself are short sighted of future concerns . someone being a ... infjs have this . if intjs have this , stop that . you don't want to be stupid emo poetic yoga infjs do you ? definitely an entp for patterns / people . entj is far superior in developing a project and moving along steps . they are superb for businesses / organizations etc . if i were to pick a business manager and ... perfect job for intp is pretty much being left alone to master something important to them . if it's graphic arts : graphic designer with the latest and greatest software / hardware to assist if it's ... compatibility is much more than mbti / socionics . more than likely the intp with the esfj above who is together probably has a good number of things in common . mbti compatibilty doesn't also take ... don't you guys find it absolutely ludicrous to create survey about staying home a lot ? most types can stay home a lot that is nothing unique to intps . yes , worship the isfp and be nice . man you guys are way too demanding . infantile babies . infjs have martyr complexes . i've seen way too many threads of infj-isfp issues . the infj gets into a relationship because they see isfp as someone who they can mutually try to understand and they ... you gotta be kidding me . i see isfps all the time dancing and drinking 3-5 drinks at bars / clubs . i have witnessed this over and over , stop being self righteous and making isfps seem all innocent ... hello my infantile isfps , it's so wonderful that miracles seeker the entp asks so many random vague questions in the isfp forum when he is so shy at posting under his actual anonymous handle or at ... very - j-udgemental of an isfp i personally think intj women have too high of standards of their mate to consider us as their equals . they must think we are too unpredictable and immature to deal with them on close terms . nt-nt ... isfjs are cool people from a long distance . i think enfps are attracted to istjs because they assume that their psycho babble will help istj open up and istj same forth for enfp thinking they can be ... not sure if this is a trait that is shared with other entps , but if i do get into a relationship . after awhile my gut tells me that it's not working i literally spend a lot of time on the best way to ... i find isfps are very accepting and work very well with my personality that likes to move about and be random . my only dislike is that they take their work too seriously and need to relax more ! they ... and an infj outsider to boot to spread negative propaganda that may be incorrect to add . meh , whatever bs cognitive function you're spouting needs to be backed by a web link that clearly shows ... i would fancy the idea of being a temporary dictator for the sake of advancing others but not for long term . i have yet to meet an infp that does not smoke marijuana actively , when i mean actively i mean every day or every other day . you asked a question how an entp would behave , a better question would be how would an entp behave towards an infj since you the original author indicate in your profile that you are an infj . now ... nf vs nt is gonna kick in eventually , so great for short-term ! it would look like the following : cemetery military barracks prison - - - any sort of system that is orderly , no-nonsense , and factual . not to say anything negative , in fact far more ... all your base are belong to us . that's just a facade , most enfps have bookshelves of self-help psychology books mainly on relationships as if it was the most important thing in the world . healthy isfjs ? female : working in the home , cooking , baking , doing crafts , cleaning . male : cleaning , home improvement , fixing stuff both generally very open , studious , quiet . unhealthy ones ... there will be some head butting and contrasts between on issues of right and wrong . most likely the estj will want to maintain a higher level of rank than an enfp if you're okay with that . as friends ... you sure you're an isfp ? i've read several of your posts and you come off as an infp . infps can be pseudo-aggressives . and i get that sense from you . that sentence can be said of any type . and here's another thing , people kinda dislike behaviors of others from what they see in themselves . infjs can be such saviors of others which is great for those that keep their word and provide consistent behavior , bad for those who don't operate in such sense . a deep open communicative verbal reassurances that are clear and consistently constant . not sure if your random isfp can provide that all the time . this is called relations of benefit : relations of benefit between psychological ( personality ) types i see the same trend with infjs with isfps , but not enfp-esfj or entp-estj . the intj sees ... sure it can work , both of you will be planning and doing lots of adventures however i think there will be an element of missing emotions . i think you both will do fine as long as you don't plan to ... controlling ? agree on nothing ? shows emotion when he's losing control ? i don't know too many entps that behave like that . when things get more chaotic , entps get more calm and precise . every ... buy a pet dog so she is distracted away from your needs . how can i help her out of this from a personality stand point ? space and time actually helps quite a lot . she got better but ... okay from : definition of cognitive functions | life as a project so this must be mbti : fe - extraverted feeling connecting ; considering others and the group - organizing to meet their needs ... yeah i agree , enfps my cousins can be slutty trying to figure the easiest way to get into someone's pants . chaos , she is not into you . being non-descript as possible . i once was at a social event , and this isfj hung around an isfp for hours like he wouldn't leave her . eventually i bumped into her and ... i love istp women , probably as friends though . i can get them to do stereotypical guy stuff and they'll do it well , but i do feel slightly insecure but not because i am a man myself but it competes ... no , you are incorrect . isfps are fe si . the difference between se or si , is that se will utilize their environment and interact with it ( cooking , gardening ) . si will draw in sensory perceptions with ... you got it all backwards . plus , one real annoying shit about intps is that they make up or rearrange mbti / socionics . what is this demonic , trickster , etc crap . i don't mind perseus ( intp ) setting up ... she's not that into you . if she truly was an isfp , she would be open to hanging out with you . so go ahead and move on . so ya know him for 10 years . do just that , tell him . the next day he will bring a measuring tape for your ring finger and guarantee you a 1 carat diamond ring by the next week . no joke , i know ... intps mistake isfps as esfps , so they're expecting you to be aggressive in showing that they are to be wanted in a relationship literally in a short time span . sometimes isfps mistake intps as an ... wow ! you guys sound really depressing ! go buy a season pass to an nearby amusement park or set your bed on fire or something . ps . that girl that told you that she wants to experience others and ... sounds like an xsfj , yikes . maybe you should just give the cold shoulder now rather than prolong it . yeah i love me another entp woman too . an identical relationship is different between a sensor ... isfps till my late 30s / early 40s then entp . for entp women , if i were to meet the right one at my age i would prefer to have her as a long term best friend with benefits kind of scenario . i have a ... '