' the martial arts that king arthur and his knights employ in the movie monty python and the holy grail . when they fight you , they aren't about to fight fair may come at you with a knife . sure , ... born this way , probably die this way . sure i might take in valuable traits and lessons that i like but i will most likely remain the same at the core . compared to some here i might have a nicer ... well you make do with what you have . because dying sucks more than living . sure , everyone that i know of or seen will die at some point in the future . it is certain , but so what of it ? life didn't have a purpose , it just came to be ... no . 24 . i do have a line for the old people saying when i was your age ... and its when i get to your age probably to something to counter what they said . it wouldn't be fun if it were one sided . no real need to take pictures , i'm living in one right now . along with the throat damage . 398074 that was taken earlier at 6am . it looks blurry because it is . should have shone a laser on it . fuck the haze . it literally looks like silent hill outside the house , only less hazy and more insidious . we need to summon rain and thor to see . but then again i think i get the idea , even their names fit . rain = falling water thor = norse god of thunder something along that line . i watched that one . something something gandhi something something . one could make a very long list of the ultimately futile attempts that the media is doing to keep itself relevant . along with ... that's the problem with american media . they like to plant fear into the hearts of the people with these stories and the methods to cover them . because fear makes their viewers to watch the news more ... i wonder what is the difference between an istp 5w6 and an istp 8w9 ? seeing as both are istps , they are highly likely to share similarities from being an istps in that regard . the thing to ask ... monotone huh ? for me , as long as there is content / substance , i don't care about energetic ( a lack of ) his voice is . i don't watch his videos to hear somewhat nice voice , i watch it for the ... tools . a mechanic without his tools isn't a good mechanic . doesn't mean literally tools though . it depends on how you use stuff which can include your mind and skills . i wouldn't worry about that j / p switch at all . i just know for introverts when switching from mbti to socionics or the reverse , you change the last letter to the other letter in small form . in ... the way i see it , being an introvert means your strongest and most used function is introverted . istp in mbti = istj in socionics , note the small j . this is because the main function of the istp ... i highly doubt that . humans will still find ways to be an asshole . instead of dumb shits beating the living crap out of each other and the smart ones taking advantage of that , you'd have everyone ... you got it wrong with the enfp part . the dual partner for istp is enfj due to them sharing all 4 functions in the opposite order . istps are strongest with their ti and weakest with their fe . enfjs ... and what do you explore ? you will need some rag to stuff into the mouth with before taping it shut . helps to muffle their mmh sound . i got out of my loop because of life situations . make it so that the only logical way left would be to break out of that . you will have to get out of the rut someday anyway . might as well get it ... just like the place i live at , only that it's hot and humid the entire year . i might have stated this before but i value genuine and sincerity simply because they aren't lies . long term stable relationships are not built upon lies even if it is done in kindness . that is ... that is what it is i guess people are like that what is up with them haiku could be fun if you have nothing to do just like me right now i thought its a us vs them sort of thing ? kinda like if you are not helping me , you are not good to me . when i think about it , it seems to be more primal than it seems . i think it is has a ... that makes sense . seeing as handedness wouldn't occur to right handed people as often as left handed people because they are less troubled by it . what seems to be normal for right handers is not ... what are you working for ? money ? it must suck to come back from work and have no time to spare for leisure before going to bed . there is this saying bird of a feather flock together . you and another share the same feeling about a certain thing or have certain elements in common , bam , instant connection . you must like that comet event . or at least the replies to it . think of the economy , fools ! or that your heir turned out to be an idiot and you have to discreetly dispose of him . or that the ... i like art . what art i like isn't what many think of then they talk about art . stuff like how well i do at physical stuff . how smooth it is at avoiding obstacles , parkour and stuff . and then ... aren't there any stuff that you look forward to ? new food yet untasted , new experiences yet unseen , new stuff and all that . what makes me come to terms with that is that i have new stuff to look ... come on , it is obviously night owl . sucks having to go to work early in the morning . i usually feel more energized after 11am or so . and of course it is blocked from my country . so what is it about ? there is that trope where you can , on surface , apologize to someone and yet , hidden beneath a thin cover , insult them . something along the lines of i'm sorry that he is an idiot . i liked ... i would compare that to a rarely traveled mud path vs a well maintained busy highway . the mud path is the least developed and the one hardest / slowest to traverse . the highway is the most busy ... i prefer countering . start being defensive against stuff that i don't know . once i have a rough idea of it , i can come up with a plan to overcome it , adapting the plan as soon as something new ... got into 2 road accidents in the span of a month . 1st one has more injuries but the 2nd one is more scary . i got up and called the ambulance after braking to stop on my arm on the first one . so ... this thread turned awfully morbid quite quickly , which is what reality is for some people . it's good to have some mental preparation so that when it happens it can become your guiding light ... got kicked out of my home huh , i'd just go live in my mother's house . using my parents ' divorce to my advantage . i supposed i did do that sort of stuff before . as to why , ever wondered how much i can take / push it ? i'd say its simply curiosity . i am very skeptical about jobs with very nice titles and pay that doesn't match said title . it's like a way of making you do more for the same pay . you are a * insert fancy job title here * and are ... sometimes you need harsh but honest advice particularly if you want to avoid the same problem in the future . would it be better if we said nice stuff to her but she never really took the advice ... hi , i forgot your name . what is your name ? then you follow up with you being sucky at remembering names , which in this case , you did not remember his name . hi my name is * insert name here * , what's your name ? because you honestly didn't know or remember his name right ? what he said . just to clarify , what is deep sixing ? never came across that expression before . and that's when you tell death , not today . i'm the one calling other people old lol . if i were to describe myself , i would be that mature child / manchild-old man hybrid . it really depends on the situation and mood . of course there were ... its more of it never occurred to me in my case . i don't reply a lot simply because it literally did not come into my mind . that and i am thinking about what to eat for dinner or lunch . or how ... looks like you are about the right age too . because istps usually get into what we call wtf years at around that age . it is a ti-ni loop . istp's are usually quite resilient , quite like ... have you ever tried summarizing stuff or concepts ? partly because of the se / ni combo , i tend to like to reduce the amount of words needed to explain something while still being able to explain it ... '