' honey bunches of oats ! with a bagel and cream cheese . maybe a glass of oj if i'm feelin ' spiffy . never judge a book by its cover , that's all i'm going to say . it won't come instantly , obviously . we humans are creatures of habit . make a habit out of it . stop overanalyzing . i look to everyone as a model for normalcy until they give me reason no to . besides that , my 4th - 5th grade science teacher ( best damn guy you'll ever meet ) and my mother as role models . the only time i drink anything remotely close to coffe is a double chocolate frappuccino at starbucks . i've had about four cups my entire life--not including the summer i was forced to when i spent ... i've noticed , however , it only really works if you take it extremely over the top . or , it just sounds cocky . unless i have one of those remarks ready , i say thanks , and conversation continues . i am ariel schwartz and i am really good at hoolah-hooping . alpha doesn't have to be a state per se . i see it as more ... aspectual . exactly , precisely , definitely , nothing more , nothing less . this . avatar , duhhh . or , perhaps the scene in charlie and the chocolate factory when charlie ( and the gang ) are led to willy wonka's candy forest room . my best friend is intj . he's the only person i can sit down and converse with for extended periods of time . do something about it ! if i chose eternal life , would this mean that i'm free from external factors that might , in fact , cause death ? ( aka i have superpowers ) sounds like a great guy . i had no clue you were into the bad boys , melanthe . i smell liar ( s ) . i go through constant extremes in my life . one day i'll be gung-ho about saving the world , and the next i can't bring myself to get out of bed . the thing is , these gung-ho days only really occur ... i'm considering asking my parents to cut me off so i can find motivation in work ? and then i jizz . in . my pants . fell in love with a stripper recently , but i'm on the edge of asking out a gogo dancer . hope this answers your question . http://sphotos.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-prn1/11433_1295288499564_1150881506_30897996_4365049_n.jpg shepard chow-chow mix . a play . buried child by sam shepard . guitar , voice , poetics and mathematics . almost forgot to mention , i top the charts in procrastination . edit : i take pride in my gift giving ability . thought i'd add to this . can't feed em , don't breed em . lighten up . the foundation for this question is on such a melancholic level that it's dimmed my day a bit . calling reproduction a selfish act is almost like saying the same of sleeping . am i selfish for ... my experience with lexapro only lasted 4 days , ever since then i will never neglect my emotions . the line between charming and obnoxious . first day that felt normal in a long time , but then again , i'd have to define normal . it just didn't feel weird . i can remember the first time i stayed up all night when i was 2 1/2 so i could watch the sunrise for the first time . i think it had something to do with not believing the sun actually rose , but it ... waiting for godot . mind if i join you ? and hey don't think past that . you'll hurt yourself if you think past that point . girls are like busses . there's a new one every 15 minutes . i was hoping to find someone who likes guster . it's from a legal standpoint . bet this hasn't been done before . love to see the range of tastes . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O2vJUadjdmo age 18 . 10 char that ruins the fun of finding out ;-) if she's talking to you in general , that's a good sign . ari from arizona . go figure . i have hazel eyes and i'm slim . http://a5.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-snc6/69755_477151076072_595326072_5999247_5737266_n.jpg recent picture , i'm on the far left . i'd call it an event horizon . all right , so i've deleted facebook about 3 times now , and it has me coming back for different reasons every time . two of them being work , one was to keep in touch with my penpals . sad that i talk to ... you can't find connection until you can connect with yourself . what makes you happy ? do you like music ? drawing ? whatever it may be , start it , and continue doing it . not because you feel you have to , ... i consider myself a childish grandpa . i forgot to mention my biggest pet peeve of all . there are fucking rules to the sidewalk . it's like driving , stay right . some times feelings are best described in song . kinky songs that is . has anyone here actually tried oxytocin ? ari and math are two peas in a pod . whenever someone says hows it going . i reply its going . when someone says how are you , i say swell . always say the same thing . hate wasting mental energy on those two questions . '