' # 1 ) thomas barrow downton abbey ( # 1 fave character forever ! ) 2 ) patrick jane ~ the mentalist 3 ) fredrik eklund ~ mdl ny 4 ) damon salvatore ( tvd ) 5 ) andrew van de kamp ( desperate housewives ) ... totally agree with you ! if he had ni dom that comes with te aux ( intj ) , he would be naturally more successful & more careful about the consequences of his actions ! guess he's isfp with ni-fi loop ... interesting topic ! mine would be ; 1 ) quality time 2 ) acts of service 3 ) words of afformation 4 ) gifts 5 ) physical touch ● hi dear infjs , i'm asking you this question because you have fe & probably understand these things better ... btw , other types are welcomed too ! ! ! ... seems like noone likes downton abbey ! ! ! : unsure : : sad : : anyone :: welcome : anyone ? btw , does he sound like a feeler or thinker ? if you have watched downton abbey , you probebly know him ! if you don't know him , i'm going to explain a bit . it might be my own interpretation & that's why i'd rather you read his personality ... christmas ~ because of the food , all the beautiful christmas colors , decorations , coffee , etc . musical > spatial > nature > kinesthetic > intrapersonal > interpersonal > logic / math > linguistic i usually learn by doing . ... & sometimes by watching someone doing it & then doing it myself . ... dora , idk , i usually borrow the dvds from a relative of mine & i watch it on my laptop . i guess he buys or downloads them online but idk how . i'll ask him . my fave tv series ? - the mentalist - fringe - friends - grimm ( sometimes ) - supernatural ( sometimes ) - the big bang theory - penny dreadful - how i met your mother ( some episodes only ) i usually get attracted to etj ppl . this attraction can turn into anger if they become bossy or control freaks . but usually it doesn't happen . usually , i see etjs & intjs as brave , dominant & ... the picture of dorian gray ! ! ! ( yeah someone else mentioned it too ! ) i love that novel so much ! i can totally relate to dorian gray's curiousity , adventurousness , sensitivity , sensuality & being ... aww thank you @the red spirit ! : happy : actually , i think you're nice too , besides , you helped me alot in my typing thread ! i'm so proud of you & other isfps ... sometimes i think he's istp . but he usually seems like an entp . meaningless & leictreon & other visitors ; ■ ■ ■ i guess you thought both type a & type b are my opinion cuz i started many of them with i ... ( i'm pro-life , i'm ... ) , but no it was just my ... it was so creative of you to write your own version ! that was cool ! i agree with you on mostvof them . i'm not really a charitable person . i mean , i try not to do bad things to others ( at least ... anyone else ? i think it makes you more of a type a . but you said if it makes sense & not because i'm compelled to , so it makes you a type a but not a strong one . your 2nd paragraph sounds logical ! a strong ... yep , when i think about type a , xnfp & xnfj comes to my mind & idk why . i'm isfp ( probably ) & i don't think i'm as compassionate as nfps or nfjs . as for your own opinion , i honestly wouldn't ... first off , i'm not saying being charitable is good , or not being that way is evil . to me these things are personal . anyways , i try to explain it by giving examples ; ... no , i can never be sure about that until i actually graduate & start looking for a job ! specially with my bad grades , things can be worse for me ... unless i really change & start getting better ... awww thanks everyone for continuing this thread & trying to help ! ! ! the clinic job ended so well . i mean i tried to work hard & at the end my boss gave me a very good grade ( we need it for uni ) ! ... ■ thanks alot for this . idk why , & idk if it's just an isfp / fi thing or not but i can relate to this part so much . sometimes , something sounds really logical ( to me ) , & i can explain it to myself ... exactly ! this was my main question ! thanks for explaining it in a better way ! ! ! i guess i generally sound like isfp , but the emotion part sounds like istp . maybe i'm just a cold isfp then ? ! a very cold yet sensitive one ! ! ! i hear that many isfps are so passionate and ... ■ that's so me ! as if i wrote it myself ! i usually look into ppl's faces & always want to know the reason why they treat me in a certain way . it might or m / not be true , & sometimes i misunderstand . ... ■ while social norms are important sometimes , i have to confess that i usually have my own values & reasons . what i can't get is wether those reasonings & beliefs are logic-based or value-based . ... this is exactly the part i don't understand about f / t difference . i mean , what does based on what makes sense mean in decision making ? or ... who determins wether a choice / decision is logical or ... i'm probably isfp or istp . i wish i were entj or estp . they're more confident , more successful & more popular / well-liked . & they're leader types ( if they choose to be in a group ) and they're ... mindtraveler intp psychological euphoria e / infj the lawyer entp hey guys , i'm thinking about my own type ( mostly between isfp & istp ) . but , it's also a general question i've always had in my mind . texts usually claim that thinkers act based on facts & ... no , it's not my response to stress . these are actually things that happen when i'm in a mentally & physically healthy & relaxed position . i do these types of things when i'm me , or when i wanna ... i really loved your method of explaining this . it's also easy for me to choose just one of them ... : happy : definitely b ! ! ! just one more question related to your post , what would an istp ... i'm not really good at team sports ( i'm good at some & terrible at others ) . but i'm pretty good at single-player sports . also , i really care about gym & bodybuiding . & i'm sorta good at dancing . ... this is the real problem . it's not that i don't get it . i just can't say which on i am more ! i'm a bit of both . i try to be practical , do things , etc . but i'm also really imaginative . i have rich ... i don't think i'm enfj . i can't really explain why . their dom fe when combined with ni , gives them good options like ; social power popularity leadership ( specially insocial things like girl ... thanks alot ! ! ! & just a tiny q , how about infp ? ( do i strike you as an intuitive ? ) thanks alot ! ! ! but ... do infjs use enough se ( in normal situations ) ? are you talking to me ? ok , i might also care about my appearance in others areas a bit , but it's mostly at uni ( previously at school ) & work . however , sometimes it happens when i'm with not ... anyone ? first off , thanks alot for answering ! ! ! : happy : 2nd ) so you think i'm istp / j . may i ask what made you choose a t for me instead of f ? i'm just curious about it because most ppl who read my ... hey guys ! i was previously typed as isfp . but due to some things , i started doubting my type a bit . things like ; love of trying new things being dreamy & imaginative love of being ... thanks alot for taking time & reading my thread ! ! ! : happy : hey guys ! ! ! here's the story . i was previously typed isfp , but due to some things ( like reading between the lines , thinking about future , being imaginative , etc ) i started doubting my type a bit ... this explanation specially this part we have an idea about what we want to achieve , but we don't know how we'll get it . makes me think i'm indeed not ni-dom ! & i also agree with we don't think ... very detailed and helpful ! ! ! thanks ! hey guys , i'm trying to find out my true mbti ( cf ) type . aside from test results , the top 3 types i think i could be are isfp , istp & intj . however , based on some differences , intj is kind of ... thanks alot for taking time & reading my thread ! ! ! '