' yes peace is the absence of conflict - your infp friend suxx hardd an ideal peace would be where everybody does exactly what i say . then they would be totally happy & relaxed & content . so , ... i'm just going to reallybriefly respond : 1 . yes , when it's in a formalized way , where we both recognize that we're debating . i think it also really helps if it's with an intuitive - could probably ... yeah , i can't say i like nietzsche either . i think what i mean when i say assert your will on the external environment is basically have goals , & make them reality . bend reality to your will . on ... yes , it's true that the person who gives more also garners favor - that is actually exactly in keeping with what i'm saying . giving can be just as much of an attempt at garnering power & favor ... first , i * totally * relate to every feeling you describe here , specifically in the post-break-up fall out . i'm just going to vomit out my thoughts on this subject & your predicament specifically : ... i don't know what enfj / estp relationships look like when healthy , if you're talking about romantic relationships , which you are my ( very brief ) thoughts on estps ( i have to keep it brief because ... the only chance he had to conclude was to make a preponderance of evidence of astral low-down how-down show-down slow-down go to town motown bloat clown walking down the street of the aquiesence to ... mmm . i will give a very quick response , maybe go more in-depth later ... i am largely in flux about all of this stuff bad / evil : being a big jerk with a big ego . not necessarily in the trump ... enfj tmlt quit pretty much every job after a few months because they don't feel it's a good fit lol ! make trump great again yeah , let's do it frankly , i totally admire the son-of-a-bitch . i mean , for most people , bankruptcy is life-changing . but for him , 4 bankruptcies didn't stop him ... i love how big and weirdly specific this post's title is lul bro , you're looking for us to interpret a bunch of details so that your lizard brain can get enough assurance that it is safe to pursue what it wants ( relationship / sex / mating ) . fact : there is ... ｔｒｕｍｐu 3000ｉｓu3000ａｎu3000ｅｓｔｐ １ ， ０００ ， ０００ ％ u3000ｅｓｔｐ ｈｅu 3000ｉｓu3000ｔｈｅu3000ｍｏｓｔu3000ｅｓｔｐu3000ｅｓｔｐu3000ｉｎu3000ｔｈｅu3000ｈｉｓｔｏｒｙu3000ｏｆu3000ｅｓｔｐ － ｎｅｓｓ ｗｈｙu 3000ｉｓu3000ａｎｙｏｎｅu3000ｓｔｉｌｌu3000ｄｉｓｃｕｓｓｉｎｇu3000ｔｈｉｓ ！ ？ ！ ？ ！ ？ ！ ？ ！ ？ ！ ？ ！ ？ ！ ？ ！ ？ ！ ？ ！ ？ ！ ？ ！ ？ ！ ？ ！ ？ hey , glad you brought up peterson ; i was about to ask the same question . definitely ni dominant . 1,000 , 000 % i think he's definitely in some kind of sweet spot between infj & intj . he ... sounds like he probably wants to be more than friends , which is why he struck up a conversation with you in the first place . in general , i really like istps , except my brother , who's just a ... 1 . this is not a question you should be coming to an online forum for the answer to . you can get a perspective from us , yes ; but i hope this forum isn't the only place you're asking this question in ... what if every enfj you've ever met actually wanted to be alone infp , rather than hear your problems & read your fan fiction ? isfp tmlt burn & distribute discs of ｖａｐｏｒｗａｖｅ music glad you're here love a good isfp the esfp assumes everyone is in it for the fun yeah , very estp of me to say , but : i don't mind seeing a bra hanging off the back of a chair i really don't see how estps and enfjs would come across the same way at all , beyond a few basic ... it seemed like the esfp actually knew what they were talking about in the post above ... that's weird ... esfp enjoys projecting their own films , anime & tv shows onto other people's buildings & calling it a film festival even though they didn't get a permit or permission , & they didn't actually invite ... as i understand it ( & there are lots of other people on this forum who know more about it than i do ) the shadow functions are the functions that you use subconsciously . in the case of an enfj , ... enfp is secretly very selfish , & so cannot imagine an enfj doing anything other than trying to manipulate them into joining a cult yes , truly one of my biggest worries in life is that i feel i've never really learned to be part of a group . enfjs are so social , yet so independent & sort of loner one of the weird , ... i don't know if it's the ultimate infj song , but it's certainly one of the ultimate infj songs . if it's the ultimate infj song for you , then that's all you need i think another great infj hit is ... the enfp above can't event keep focused on making one criticism at a time & so ends up making two . typical of ne ... wow — honored that something i brought up has taken on such a life of its own ! perhaps my insights are more valuable than i realize ... typical infp — among a discussion of homoerotic tendencies concluding in a softcore porn video , they are more interested in the cat than anything else ... entj tmlt make 70 grilled cheese sandwiches with no one in particular to eat them around ... good — more nfs we will soon overrule the world & create our ideal society . sadly , there will be no sts to actually make anything work , so we will all spend our nights around a fire drinking tea , ... infj x97 you realize that the istp actually got caught , & you ate too much of their bs to realize it infj — you realize that the istp actually got caught , & you ate too much of their bs to realize it it's also why enfps call enfjs when they need bail money ( the mention of fast food motivated esfp to go to mcdonald's , burger king , & taco bell & spend $ 86.32 of credit card that they have no idea how to pay back ... ) the entp above demonstrates an almost sado masochistic obsession with power & authority . entps are typically uninterested in power , control , & authority . but , this individual shows a fascination with ... wow — one of the many benefits of the criticize the personality type above you board . i couldn't agree more . watching trump is like reading the definition for an estp x97 so why are we even considering this question at all ? if anything , explain his functions relative to our knowledge ... ( enfp doesn't realize it's not actually a stage , it's a mcdonald's drive-thru at 3:00 am ) enfps couldn't even afford the cheap seats : all $ was spent on candy & various books about things they'd like to do someday . typical enfp : can't even make a come-back without losing track of who they're talking to ... enfjs non-dominant hand is usually helping an enfp stand up after a night of drinking ... the enfps right hand got married this forum has gotten farther and farther from its goal of criticize the personality type above you to criticize someone who commented here at some point ... nice job perceivers ... but , i guess ... ah . enfps giving unsolicited gifts to the world so , uh ; how many tumblrs ya ' got ? hiding spots = mom's basement & esfp already found it and threw a party there . you're a lot easier to read than you think infj ... esfps tend not to notice anything ( infj : analyzes situation in head for three hours ... ) '