i gave it a shout ( not literally ): vocaroo | voice message crela i kind of got what you meant - when you were talking about ' the god inside of you ' i didn't think of this as religious at all ... maybe i didn't explain myself well enough . i must say i am rather ... whilst i don't necessarily practice spirituality , i always try to be a good person . i guess i am looking for an inner balance / peace in a sense but its not something i really think of . i've never ... i didn't have those kind of boundaries when i was younger , now i tend to think things through before deciding what to do . but you shouldn't dwell on it to much , you don't need courage when you don't ... i bet that kid was proper creeped out lol i'm glad you brought up multi-tasking because i'm pretty it is just not possible for me . i tried to change the track on my ipod whilst i was biking once , ... great stuff - keep it coming so that i don't think its just me ! :) when i was at uni i used to play a lot of drinking games . my friends came up with a new rule called ' vacancy ' , its use was solely ... i'm sure many other people have this problem , but this was something i did today that made me laugh . was just trying to make a cup of tea and instead of filling my cup with boiled water i filled ... this reminds me about when i was at secondary school ( was about 13/14 at the time ) . i hadn't made any good friends really except a few acquaintances , at this point i was completely ignorant about ... sales is a tough one , but anything will become easier with practice . when i engage with clients i have more of an advisory role , if their circumstances don't require it i wouldn't recommend anything ... doesn't sound like you have given up , rather you just have moved on - this isn't failure . it does sound like your mum is overreacting , but this is what parents are good at because they worry so . ... be strong - you clearly want to get out of this situation so you will . i have struggled with the same thing for different reasons , and regarding mekristy's advice - exercise and vits helped me a ... ^ ^ holgrave exactly my thoughts , because i guess its something i do . in my first year at uni i was nuts , all i did was drink . once the hangovers finally caught up with me i calmed down , especially as i had to focus on work a lot more . the above posters are right ... you kind of enlightened me , i'm sure there are more people out there that may not have realised yet :) just out of interest - do you only use perc when you're feeling a bit off-key ? ecto / endo . i'm tall and slim ( was a bit of a chubber when i was a kid ) . i'm a mix because i eat as much as i want without seeming to gain weight , but my body shape is a little off and i wouldn't say ... strangely enough my ' other side ' is also istj . i never really thought about this before but the test result is definitely based upon my mood . if i'm doing well and just getting on with life then i ... food , family and films for me . i don't like all the present bullshit mainly because i have no idea what to buy people , it was great as a kid but now i feel like the stuff i buy for people is ... as an infj it ’ s kind of ironic for us to unconditionally offer comfort to others , as most of the time we also need it ourselves . your selflessness is the whole reason i come here . i would get a simple 2/4 channel audio interface , i wouldn't bother spending above £ 100 on 1 of these ( you can't get them much cheaper ) . m-audio create decent entry-level gear but there are other ... well i started on piano which i don't actually play any more . i played piano for about 6/7 years but ended up stopping because i got sick of the whole grade thing as mentioned . it caused me to loose ... hey lonewolf , it sounds like you have trapped yourself and i'm sorry for you because i know how things can spiral out of control , leaving you disorientated and unsure on your next move . i'll ... i think i'll have to admit to being one of the people that will be deterred by popular music . on the whole though i won't deny a tune if its catchy . what have you got to lose ? try not to think negatively because at the end of the day its better knowing than not knowing . when i was in 6th form ( college ) i was seeing this girl for a few months . she was really nice and seemed quite into me . she got a bit too clingy , like if we were out she would literally hold onto me ... friends always cheer me up , only the close ones mind . they are my ' go to ' option if i'm feeling a bit down . music has been with me for as long as i remember , i started learning my first instrument when i was quite young ( 7/8 ish ) . i was classically trained but i moved away from this by the time i got to ... i suppose we all go through different challenges in our lives which cause us to have different reactions . i remember being a happy , ignorant child with what felt like no problems . this changed as i ... i've always been a specialist , but i don't one is better than the other . you hit the nail on the head when you talked about leaders / managers etc - you don't necessarily need to be a generalist to ... scrapped my comment in the pursuit of happiness . go get him . my list is obviously different to yours but i have the same explosive action you are talking about . it takes a lot to get me angry but when i am i have no control over my actions - its like watching ... i know what you mean as i've had similar experiences ... when i was younger and we had family to stay my mum would always put all the cousins in my room ( i did have a big room so i do see it as fair to ... as the other 2 mentioned it sounds like he is quite into you . out of interest what exactly are you waiting for , him to make the move ? 22 i used to be a book worm when i was younger (8 -14/15 years old ) , all i would do is read . now i just can't be bothered and i'm not really sure why . i used to be nervous about reading aloud but i ... today i solved a problem at work that i have been working on for a long time , just goes to show that perseverance and patience pay off in the end ! cool idea for a thread btw , there is definitely ... definitely helped me to explain the ' no i'm not gay but i do care ' scenario . 50 % man . on a side note i could only think of about 3 words for each ' grey ' and ' happy ' lol . i was 2 when i started speaking which i'm told is late - that's probably why . ^ ^ awesome advice i was exactly the same when i was about 14 up til i left uni ( 21 ) . i can't say i've truly found my motivation again but at the same time i'm quite content with my life . on a side note none of this ... halo 4 - yes that's right i'm a game geek . i'm not 100 % sure on this one but i think my soon to be step-mother is an infj ( if not then all i can say is that she is very introverted ) . i can't say we've really butted heads because she ... i have yet to have a physical confrontation in my adult life ( obviously i've had arguments but not physical fights ) , i had a few when i was younger at school though . when i was in middle school ( age ... i think i have this issue now . the last few relationships i've had , as mentioned above , i've held back so as not to appear too involved too early because it can put people off . unfortunately this has ... aizar's first post hit the nail on the head for me . before i knew anything about personality types or whatever i used to do the exact thing but without realising . now i'm still fairly new to this ... you're probably right on the faith front . i tend to hold back for a long time - but this has cost me the girl sometimes . unfortunately you can't always tell if it will work out and if you are holding ... i think all of you above highlighted the fact that when you get out of your comfort zone you realise its not as bad as you think . before i got past this point i felt like i had to fit in , now ... unfortunate about the lack of response but i can relate to this which is why i posted . i remember when i left uni i started working in a pub , my manager used to push me to sell the most disgusting ... the long walks you take etc will always be good for stress relieving and that doesn't necessarily mean you're following your own pattern of conflict avoidance . getting fresh air to clear your head ... you got unlucky mate . i never thought i would get into sales and least never thought i would be good at it . turns out i was wrong but i don't have to use manipulation to sell . by saying you were ... no worries man - hopefully you have some inspiration to stay on track ! and yes i remember all too well the struggle i had trying to learn my mates stuff . sadly i can't play it any more as its not ... astral - very good choice of words , you've definitely outdone any attempt i could have made to say the same thing . in answer to your question - the way i see it is that people will always need to ...