i was fine academically . hated things where i had to memorize . kids were usually mean to me in elementary / middle school . by highschool i took more courses that were math-y and didn't need to much ... i am introvert and i am offence ! ! ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D8Ymd-OCucs close this thread already omg you'd be surprised . going through your other posts , i gathered you were treated like shit and betrayed by the people you were supposed to trust . i've been too and have developed mental disorders ... clearly all those things people say are said because they don't understand that not everybody thinks like them . they don't understand what depression does to a person . hell , i don't even understand ... i originally typed as intj and it took a lot of reading and internal debates to get infj of the two . i'd get frustrated but not at them . i'll continue to help them because i understand how it's ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ophnmGWQGsU and yes i have . my most recent was 5w6 , 9w8 , 3w2 the functions i see in you are fe , si , ti , and ne . so i understand why you typed as an isfj . but i don't agree with the stack since you don't seem to be aux fe . maybe you're ti > ne > si > fe ? intp ? ... unsure on my brother and sister but i'm pretty sure my dad's istp and mom isfj . will confirm when they finally give into taking the test :p i shut my mouth and don't argue with them . keep the peace : laughing : actually i've been developing fe a lot lately . i used to be really indifferent to others and in my own head more . a day dreamer more than anything . so much that my elementary school teachers thought ... i get where you're coming from when you say i use si but all the cognitive tests say my si is very low . and isfj say that laws are there because they work . i don't believe that . others believe that ... don't mind if someone's occasionally a bit late for a legit reason ( stuck in traffic , missed bus , liquid eyeliner mishap poor souls , etc ) but flaky people drive me nuts . it takes far too much effort ... can you link it here ? in your original post preferably so others who see this can see it and can type you http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m6123pZUQr1qdv2s8o1_500.png egad ! not another infp ! ! : laughing : welcome to perc ! for someone who's loves getting the most possible info , you sure don't give much i kid , i kid . but seriously questionnaire pls ty xxx dreamer 777 if you're still down for typing me :p i type myself as an infj but am still pretty doubtful . when i originally took the mbti i typed as intj . then on my second go infj . related to both pretty much a lot but some of the infj stuff were ... lol'd . but op you do seem more like like a infj . intj's don't usually account others in their decision making . and the logical reasoning of feelings thing you mentioned is a ti thing . this questionnaire didn't really bring it out . but i do think i have a fair bit of ti because i get into the ni-ti loop a lot ( apparently it's more in developed ti ) and the things im good at are more ... i used to get bored when i was little ( who doesn't ) and i would replay movies in my head - by replay i mean take the theme , some key points and make up everything in between . then i'd get in trouble ... i had my doubts from the description to the functions and everything i knew from intj basically and that was the first thing that made me seriously rethink . sounds silly i know . i guess i thought ... anything . for example i'm pursuing a degree in engineering because i plain like making things . ( and i grasp math / physics well :p ) but a lot of types of engineering aren't exactly people orientated ... jobs that involve making or creating things . or thinking of ways to make things work better . but at the same time i'm keeping people in mind and how these creations will help them yep , especially with music . unless i know that it's within their taste in that case i'll blast that song and play the entire album while i'm at it . :p kinda easy to figure out what they like too ... considering we have yet to discover most of the universe , there's no way in hell we are alone i actually used to type as intj . then i went through the intj forums and , well , reevaluated . doubt it . too cold for fe dom lol . i like helping people and all that stuff but it really doesn't reflect in my day to day life unless there's a time where someone really needs it . i guess i ... exaggerated maybe ? it happens with cognitive function tests sometimes . retaking it usually helps in leveling it out . infp would be my second guess . retake the test , or take the perc one ... yes . nobody understands when i tell them but it helps me concentrate in a way . i call it a pre-distraction - it acts as background music when i'm focused on the reading and i can listen to it when my ... at gatherings i would find a wall to myself and try to stand on my head o_o i would do this rather than playing with the other kids . the entire time . i used to eat paper and dirt from flower pots ... estj . 75 i versus e , 80 n versus s , 60 f versus t , and 60 j versus p almost the exact opposite hm definite ti use . saw some n but not sure if it was ni or ne ( most likely ne because of your test results ) . saw some f but funeral thing suggests you use more fi than fe ( fe user would absorb ... no problem ! let's see if the others who helped out agree though they seem to have a lot more experience typing people than i do :p thanks , i'll need it : $ ! tp's are known to be good engineers ... yep , deffs si :p . reflective stuff is fi but also can be ti . hey , i'm in engineering too ! well , starting this fall haha brainstorming is an ne thing . the ability to jump from one idea to another ... yeah to me you're definitely ne-si . two outta four - yes ! for the others i'm still thinking you're fe and ti . then again i'm fe-ti so i tend to see it a lot in other people :p as for infj i see ... yeah scratch out intp then . when i read mine ( se inferior for intj / infj ) it basically described my life lmao . and i don't even 100 % relate to infj or intj ! you possibly can be an e . maybe si ... sorry for the double post but idk if you'll see it if i just edited it in read this super long post and see if you relate to it ? ... intp would be my guess . got some hunches that you may be infp but it's possible for some t's to be a bit feely and vice versa edit : re-read this and now i'm leaning towards you being an s-type ... my life in one sentence hello hello hello ! ! ! hello ! all the time . one friend told me that everyone who doesn't know me thinks i'm a bitch because i'm a quiet person who just happens to be pretty . which could be part of it . most of the ' pretty girls ' ... me liking testing as an infj is the # 1 reason on why i think i'm mistyped . i'd love to be an extroverted sensor though . taking in the world as it is concretely seems really nice to me . i usually ... me liking testing as an infj is the # 1 reason on why i think i'm mistyped . i'd love to be an extroverted sensor though . taking in the world as it is concretely seems really nice to me . i usually ... double post