they shyly make eye contact at you , laughing at your jokes , wanting to do as much as they can for you , thanks for the adviice staryu :D that guy seems a bit shallow to me , it would nice to be around someone who accepts you for who you are so you dont have to feel obligated to constantly look nice for ... thank you lad ! i'm going to have to copy and paste that :D you're right , i really shouldn't have to jump hoops for him to win his favour , this has really put things into persective for me , i've been ... in a nutshell , i've liked this guy for awhile ( infj ) and i never really had the stones to tell him my feelings , as a result a more extroverted girl ( enfj ) swoops in and does what i've been wanting to ... this was a good idea guys , dont hesitate too talk to me on fb chat , lets make it a good bodning session ^ ^ purity ! :D ( i got called this and i was like ... woah ? i didnt evven know i exuded such a vibe , so congrats guys ^ ^ ) naivity , doormattity , a bit of a push over , sensitive , intune , comfortable to be ... hiya infj's , how are ya today ? i was stumbling in this thread and thought about how you guys tick , sometimes its clear , other times its foggy but i'd like to hear your stories , your outtake on your ... umm , could you describe what you mean bythis ? sorry for bein aain xd thank you ^ 3 ^ do you mean when something happens and you sort of predicted it ? i understand . it's hard being surrounded by them , everyone so desperatly wants their voices to be heard that you get a broadcast of noise thrown at you , its not pleasent , and your meant to eat that ... lol i'd have to hang around with you for awhile to get a 100 % ish vibe , for most people though it's their smile that clues me in , the only people i can't figure out are infj's = _ = their eyes are so ... i can't believe a guy wrote this ! this is brilliance , pure , brilliance . : blushed : you've nailed it . completely , totally , i can't even get the wrods out but this is exactly how i want every male in ... i hate people who think they can monitor me and tell me when im screwing up , so an enfj would be a big no , i'd like to make my own mistakes and grow from them . although im sure they'd make good ... like a sixth sence or something , like a feeling in your gut , this person beside you is totally giving the wrong vibe and you know that there's something their not telling you . what are the signs ... child : you used to think all the dolls you played with had souls , would hug trees , even though a bully would yell at you you wouldnt yell back incase you hurt their feelings . having strong emotional attachments to your friends and getting overly involved with their life even when they don't want you too . an example , when you see your best mate ( say , tony ) being played ... hey izzie , dont get yourself down , we're just as rare , he'd have to go a pretty long way to find someone as great as you ^ ^ out of interest , did you ask him out or did he ask you out ? woohoo ! heck yeah , infj's are awesome ! you guys are great to talk to about deep stuff . i find you too be the most intreguing of the lot . amen , bascially you summed up what my first week of freshers was like , i got a heachae from all the brain pressure i put , its like , you dont want to feel anti social but looking at what your drealing ... lol everyday of my liiifffeee D: welcome to facebook just like this , yeah ? infp ftw ! that would be so awesome , i tend to bring out my infp side alot in facebook too see if anyone respondes , most of the time tis baren but you get a few who understand :D if you type in ... lol i don't know how to post youtube links , until i do i'll just list em ^ ^ can you feel the love tonight - lion king hero - enrique englasis kryptonite - 3 doors down halycon on + on good question ! i got into extroverted mode over 9000 ! when i get home i'm cream crackered and get the most collosoal headaches . i'm only myself with a select few . so far , 2 people . people who talk about sex in graphic detail . graphic . being probed for information like , where i live , how long for , do i have a bf , basic small talk . not having my privacy always being asked to ... what would you like most about being batman ? :) lol yeah , and the fact that he's loaded , himm if i had a deus ex machina i'd probably carry senzu beans xd this is me :P http://img801.imageshack.us/img801/6813/30659139820130795010197.jpg uploaded with imageshack.us http://img3.imageshack.us/img3/674/tumblrl6ouw9qmr71qaobbk.jpg uploaded with ... http://img375.imageshack.us/img375/2996/tumblrl92t2svsxt1qzlm9b.jpg lol do they ? what are they ? owo think of all the inspiration out there lke batman and kickass who don't need flashy powers in order to bring justice to the scum of the world . would you do it ? say you were about to get mugged or you ... i would like to see what it would be like , sounds like a pretty stress free life which i kind of need right now . on one hand you'd have phenominal cosmic powah ! & if my possesed side is a nice person ... negative : i never have anything worthwhile to say positive : well we'd all like an oscar worthy script on stand-by at any given moment , but that is unrealisitic , truth is , worrying about this stuff ... can i just say , thank you ! :D i'm surprised no one thought of this sooner , time to put things into perspective : crazy : that's okay , all are welcome hear ;D yeah , there's always that risk that if you take the plunge it might ruin the friendship if things don't turn out , luckily though if both people are mature about ... the last crush i had was with an infp , unfortunantly i didn't really get to know him that well cus i never persued him . i remember he'd always come up with these really sweet things like ' love is ... it's really refreshing too hear :D do you guys find you have alot of pressure when it comes too making the first move since its expected of your gender ? i see ! kind of like an on switch , like a burst of enlightenment ? for me , i think i just knew i was going to go to falmouth as soon as applied for it , and beleive me i'm not the wishful thinking type . i just knew i was going to be really close friends with this ... i know what you mean , when you get that feeling , what does it feel like ? do you you get any physial sensation at all ? yup ! i agree with all of those . unhealthy infp : self-depricating , will seek help but will not use the advice given , quite manipulate , emotionally blackmailing ' i was there for you , why arent you ... also ! i can never find someone attractive if they self-depricate ( to an extreme ) . if they cant learn to love themselves , how can i ? gah ! i know what you mean > < it's nice to have the full package . i've been out witha couple of guys who i didn't find attractive , well , they lost their appeal to me intime but i think thats when i ... i agree blue heart ! sometime's it's almost creepy the way we click , i always feel privaliged talkin to infj's , they give you really indepth conversations , one motivates whilst the other inspires , ... charity . because giving 10 pound a month to some faceless organizaation to save the trees or save the tigers rarely goes to the actual cause . giving money to the homeless when their motives are ... ive always wondered what it would be like to experience an infjxinfp relationship , apparently its a really good match , a more under rated one . one of my close friends is an infj and we seem to click ... crap i totally forgot : soul edge soul calibur , 2 & 3 marvel vs capcom mortal kombat earthworm jim prince of persia that was actually the one i was eagor to play , i still got the games gathering dust in my room , if my sega was workin again i'd be relivin my childhood :D ahhh good times . are you afan of sonic ... final fantasy 1,2 , 4,5 , 6,7 , 8,9 , 10 & yes 10-2 dragon quest 8 kingdom hearts 1 & 2 star wars , knights of the old republic 1 & 2 resident evil , 1,2 , 3,4 , veronica x the sims 1 & 2 devil may cry ... empathy is a funny thing , i get it so bad sometimes that sometimes i want to get involved in peoples lives just so i know they'd be alright , i know i cant do that but its sad seeing someone suffer ... nice question :D i was actually challenged by this question today when i let a lady from across the street use my phone , when she spoke to me she sounded injured or at least really upset , she was ...