' i think one of the weakest points for enfps is their hyper-emotionality , and this has been a major problem for me in the past . but i think an awesome thing is that if we are able to mature in a ... i have another embarrassing question to ask : when you guys write a consequential letter , is it common for you re-read it multiple times before sending it , and then read it multiple times even after ... that seriously cracked me up . :) i think it was sarah arminell who also said she's in love with disney tunes ? is it true that we now have 3 members here who enjoy singing disney tunes that are ... i added that one to the list too ! i had never heard of it before . are you familiar with thinking , fast and slow ? https://smile.amazon.com/Thinking-Fast-Slow-Daniel-Kahneman/dp/0374533555/ that ... thanks for sharing ! i've never heard of those books before , but i added it to my todo list to look them up . :) my old infj friend that i mentioned in the other thread used to work with children too . i love love love love love singing ! i sing everywhere , and at any time . i sing shamelessly in the car , such that when anyone peeks into my window they have a concerned look on their face ( as if i'm ... it's fun to share music ! i had never heard of this guy before , but it sounds cool . i usually like trippy / spacey music , but i'm not familiar with the current electronic / trance stuff . isn't it too ... that's all really interesting ! i'm not educated on the topic , so i don't have much to add . it's interesting though how much a society's culture affects how the kids are raised , which in turn ends up ... that sounds very stressful to have to move like that ! are you handling it well ? are you happy to be done with university ? college was fun for me , but i don't feel like i learned very much . it ... that's some really interesting stuff . i've never heard before that men are only allowed to show pride and anger , and i've never heard that as a reason why there are way more men in prison . very ... i think i would agree with you about the harming-image vs cheating thing ! i don't think i've ever thought of that before . yeah , i think all my life i've felt pressure about hiding my emotions ... thanks for the answers about the love thing ! that's nice to know that you guys can relate , and also that many other types can have such strong feelings for their friends . also it's nice to know that ... do you ever think you feel so much love for your non-romantic friends , that it's very similar to how romantic love feels ? do you think that would be considered normal for enfps , since we're usually ... i think i would only do that if someone is too dangerous , too annoying , or if they waste my time too much . i can relate with your story , and i thank you for sharing it , and thanks for your kind words . i think i just realized that the reason i'm feeling cautious around my other friends isn't because the 1 ... you ever get stabbed in the back by a close friend , and then it makes you feel cautious around all your other friends ? i wonder how long it takes to lose that feeling of vulnerability . it's interesting , because it's like you're going through the same stages that i went through when i was younger , including the mix of both period . i wonder if there's a correlation with ... i just always need someone to tease , and so far you've been the best candidate . when another candidate comes along , i'll split it in half . :) speaking of which , here's another question : are you ... out of curiosity ... is it implied that when you specify female in the thread title , that less-appropriate sex-related stuff would be discussed here ? is that how it would be different than the ... my entj friend likes hugs too ! i was surprised about that , and i wouldn't have expected that from them . he's married and we're not gay . it's especially funny that he likes hugs because he reminds ... spirituality stuff was definitely one of her favorite topics too , and as i understand it that's common for infjs . it's interesting that your first post on this thread ( if i'm remembering correctly ) ... i had a really good infj friend that i had met online on a random science / health forum a few years ago . she was a sweetheart . we used to write long emails to each other every day , and sometimes we ... that's really interesting ! that sounds like a good lesson for me to remember . i'm kinda in limbo now , so i'm not sure what's going on . but when my story becomes more clear , i'll come back to ... i know i already hit thanks and all , but i just wanted to say that i'm impressed by how mature you sound . :) o music ... where would i be without you ? <3 <3 <3 please allow me to give you a friendly suggestion , since you seem to be bent up over something : if your purpose is to proselytize for your religion , then you're free to start a new thread , and you ... have you had experience with starting your life over from scratch , leaving your life behind and starting a new beginning ? how does it make you feel ? could you discern certain stages throughout the ... i agree ! true love definitely requires sacrifice , and without sacrifice there can't be true love . if you don't mind me asking , what is your native language ? if i was ashamed , i wouldn't have said that i am a christian . i will answer your question , though . i have a pet peeve against some atheist religious fanatics ( you know the type ... ) , some of which i've seen on this forum , and i find responding to them to be a ... did you seriously just ask someone why they feel uncomfortable discussing a certain topic in public ? lol ! that didn't happen , right ? : laughing : you tryin ' to give me tendonitis ? you want me to wear braces on my index finger for the rest of my life ? ! : laughing : does anyone else here have an entj best friend ? i'm ecstatically happy about how much this guy is helping me get out of an extremely difficult situation , and it's like he never gets tired of ... where's the any option ? imo the best partner is the one you love and the one who loves you . adroelectro : i would've loved to respond to your wonderful and thoughtful post , and it includes some of my favorite topics , but i haven't been feeling well enough lately to do a lot of thinking . ... well , if you like enfps , you should hang out more on this forum / thread . :) you sound like a warm person , and it's fun to have warm people around . i would say i'm open-minded to everything , and i never outright dismiss something as crazy unless i study about it in-depth , and perhaps unless i even practice it myself . i have changed my mind ... i still have some posts i wanted to respond to , but i'll have to get to that when i have more energy . i just had a simple question which seems to be a major issue in my life . it's a series of ... your writings are definitely above average here . i think as long as someone is average or above , they have nothing to worry about . :) yeah , it sounds like you're a super good kid . your parents ... i'm glad it sounds like you're having a good time with it ! i bet it makes a lot of difference in stress levels if the kids are healthy vs sick . i know that even if i have a sick cat it stresses me ... i wouldn't want a completely different world . i would love to go back in time about 2,000- 3,000 years , and live somewhere in seclusion ( somewhere where the temperatures are moderate ) , where it feels ... adroelectro : i frequently contemplate those things too ( especially when i was younger ) . the thing i could never get out of my mind was that if i was born with a different face ( let's say i instead ... i am , and it has been extremely helpful for me . but it's not something i feel comfortable discussing on a public forum . if you don't mind me asking ( since there doesn't seem to be a lot of parents on here , and i'm usually interested in the topic ): do you find it difficult / stressful to take care of kids , or is it ... do you guys get super emotional when you don't sleep enough ? do you think all types are like that , or do you think that enfps are more likely to get overly emotional when tired ? do you guys ever wonder how many lurkers might be reading a thread like this ? yesterday i was curious about it , so i noted the number of page views on this thread after my last post . now , 16 hours ... i always wanted to read oliver sacks ' stuff , but never got to it . a few years ago i was very interested in studying about mental illness cases like that , but i think i've had my fill for now . i think ... keep the aspidistra flying sounds interesting ! the next orwell book on my list was down and out in paris and london , but also i'd love to read animal farm some day . no , i haven't read the ... like ... how many crushes are we talking about here ? 15 ? ? 20 ? ? ? https://cdn.meme.am/instances/500x/31063289.jpg this cracked me up too much ! the real question is : did she do it on purpose , or are you just seeing private parts everywhere ? : laughing : '