' i agree . my sister is like that . she once told our mom , if you tell not to do something , i'll do it just to show you that i can . really weird logic there . on the other hand , my mother has always ... sounds like he's on the way to liking you . at the very least , it seems he finds you less annoying than others . for an intj , that's a good thing . as for his sister saying he may not like you , ... indeed . you speak the truth . my feelings on it are no different . whenever someone states it , i usually give them the scant eye and wait to see whether they're right , while doubting they will be . it's ... seconded . i know of one entp in person , and if they're all like him ( and he fits the description pretty well ) , i'll pass on getting to know those other entps as well . to be quite frank , i find ... asphodelle , technically , work is subjective , right ? therefore , busy is just as subjective ? i mean , laying in bed and thinking about all of the things i'd like to be doing but am choosing not ... * checks social media and sees message * * experiences sudden dread at the thought of virtual human contact * * logs off * 3 hours later * checks message * * still there * esfj friend : misplaced , ... no two robots are created equal . some of our programs work better than others . i have the same problem , especially when my parts start to rust . i actually don't have anything to vent about , for once in two days . just posted in the wrong thread . * sigh * i understand that it can be difficult to admit your feelings when you're still trying to figure them out or you've just started to feel them ( early stages ) . i wasn't really thinking about those ... oh god . that's hilarious . was that one of those moments when you just couldn't help it ? you had it coming out of your mouth before your brain could push the brakes ? i've had too many of those ... i do wonder sometimes why it's so terrifying for people to just admit to their feelings . maybe it's because i've grown tired of simmering in fear and have chosen to approach life with the mindset of ... from the way you've described him , it sounds like he definitely is an istj , especially if he finds you so confounding . it can difficult for anyone to deal with a person who is so stuck in their ways ... i had to laugh at this part : i'm going to have to use that in a sentence at some point . as for the question , i don't really know . but when i have met istjs in my day-to-day life , our ... i've had this experience too , except it was ( more recently ) with the enfj , entp , and intp i know . actually , it seems i experience this with anyone who believes they're an exception to the rules and ... i'm very comfortable sharing fact-based information and ideas with people , though i always have my reasons . personal information is not something i share with others very often . and when i'm stressed ... when it comes to people : pessimistic . when it comes to ideas : optimistic . when it comes to myself : realistic . yeah , i believe that and for a second , i almost thought that was the case . it was the only reason i even bothered with him for as long as i did . i think guys who genuinely want to be friends aren't ... when guys say they're okay with just being friends after getting rejected , are women actually supposed to believe that nonsense ? is that really a thing that goes through a guy's mind ? and am i ... ladyaeroniel , it seems to be an infp thing because nearly all of the infps i know are the same . lilysocks , that's funny . i've been trying to train my cat to no avail . if anything , she's trained me ! cats can be amusing like that , i've come to learn . ladyaeroniel , there's no need to apologize . it wasn't directed at anyone in particular , and i was actually just jesting . i'm always amused by the where can i find intjs ? threads . before i got on this forum , the thought of reducing people to their mere types and attempting to ' find ' them for [ insert awesome reason ... i can't help you with finding an intj because it's not like there's a place that only intjs go to--and frankly , whether the intj is found is usually their choice . i could say stuff like : libraries , ... i don't usually talk about sex with anyone really , mainly because ( unless it's in a class or at the doctor's , etc . ) it's one of those topics where--if you discuss it with someone--it can be taken the ... this has been me recently . lately , i'm like , what ? i was wrong ? oh no , i was wrong about that too ? what's going on ? what's happening ? you mean i didn't get that right either ? it's like i can't ... that's not nearly as bad as when you're in the dark movie theater and then you feel a sharp piercing to your right and realize ... oh , what is that ? my friend is texting during the movie with their ... i did something like this to a very proud and annoying istp once . spent the entire time we were working talking down to me and mentioning in roundabout ways how weak i was ( physically , i was ... goodness , this is so many months ago . why am i just seeing this now ? i'm extremely flattered lilysocks ( i hope it's not too late to say that ) since i do really enjoy hearing your opinions on a great ... me : * shuffles around house , looking for something but not sure what * infp sister : * tries to ignore shuffling but obviously can't * me : oh my god . i'm so frustrated . i can't tell what's bothering ... gosh , i haven't been here in so long that i'm now posting in the wrong threads . * sigh * this situation must be remedied immediately . ancu , first of all , congratulations on becoming healthier . moving on . this may sound harsh , but it appears you're making a lot of excuses for him and offering justification for his behavior ... :p erc 3 : it's the same thing on the intj forum . it can be quite frustrating at times , and my interest in the forum will ebb and flow because so many of the threads complain about the same thing ( confused ... i'm fine with the no communication thing since i can go long periods of time without talking to my friends and loved ones and still have things be fine between us--although not always so on their ... how do i apologize to an istp without actually ... apologizing ? i'm pretty terrible at it , and oftentimes it comes out as if i'm insincere about the apology only because i'm that awkward with it , but ... haha , i do the same thing ! it's actually very amusing from my end , and i have to say : i've definitely perfected my ' ill ' voice . what do you want me to have ? the flu ? the cold ? something even worse ... yes . retail jobs are a heaping slice of cow manure . but they also helped me improve my social game , so i got something positive out of it . i can't sleep . i can't sleep . i can't sleep . of course this would happen in the second most important week for me in december , although it's not yet december ( talk about future-oriented ! ) . at least i ... 234602 hmm ... i figured i hadn't completely understood the question . if that's the case , then i'd suggest godisblue have a conversation with the intj in question and see if they can offer any explanations ... i have to explain this to those around me all of the time . it seems the majority of people i deal with , type unrelated , believe consensus equals cooperation , which leads them to believe if i don't ... ah , okay . they don't have a neuroscience program at my university , so i just did cognitive psychology , which seems to allow me to focus in on areas i'm really interested in . yes , i think it can lead to hypocrisy but i wouldn't take the sarcastic nature of an intj seriously enough to be offended by it . i get this a lot from my family members , and the problem lies in their ... meh . some ups . some downs . i don't like how much having a high gpa is stressed when the reality is that the connections you make will outlast what your gpa is / was . that's my biggest gripe about ... i've been there before , once or twice . once when my manager decided to add on 8 more hours to my already full-time workload in the semester i decided to add another class onto my already full-time ... i'm the only nt in my family . actually , i'm the only thinker in my family . sometimes , it's rough . i don't hate promises or long-term commitment . quite the opposite . i just don't go entering into such things carelessly because i know how seriously i take the promises and commitments i make . as ... depends on two things : 1 ) how important you are to me . a ) if you're not that important to me and the issue happens to be important , i usually cut you off right there . that has happened to ... i really try not to make plans with people . i've found i'm in one mindset / mood when i make the plans and a completely different mindset / mood when i actually have to execute the plans , so i avoid it ... the only time there is an imbalance is when i'm forced to be alone or have human interactions . otherwise , there's a balance . '