' and what is the title of this thread ? trying not to dislike enfps ? thank you for giving me another reason not to try so hard . how's that for rolling the fuck out ? worth your two cents ? nice assumptions of something you know nothing about . and this is exactly why i am done with enfps . intjs do not let people close , so to let someone in that presents as the closest thing possible to a perfect match , but turns out all you are to her is a ... intj male here . i showed my gooey insides to an enfp female and she pretty much destroyed them . it's been over a year and i am still broken , thank you . i don't see the magic of the intj / enfp ... she knows without doubt how i feel about her . it does not matter to her one bit . she does not want a relationship . period . what we had was just a fling to her , so she tells me . her actions , on the ... is your diploma still wet ? you do not know me , so kindly keep your self-righteous analyzing to yourself . i can't shake her off because i love her , has nothing to do with te or lack thereof . intjs are not unfeeling robots no matter how hard some try to fit that image . as for not dating for ten years , ... i can tell you right now ... straight up ... she is not a slut . nor is she any other name you may wish to call her . she has moved on , without looking back . she appears to be happy as all hell . however , i have to wonder . she is drinking almost ever night , or at least several times nights a week . she didn't drink ... if i could get away from seeing her every day , i would . nine months later and i'm still hurting and depressed . i can't get her out of my system . i still think about her , not as much , but it's still everyday . we see each other every day , so that makes it ... trust being understood being accepted you just described every enfp i have ever known . my two cents concerning traits of an enfp that were mentioned a few posts back : i have noticed that an enfps personal life can be a clusterfuck , but their work life is generally very organized . why ? ... and people say intjs are cold . isn't it the enfp normal to not go back once they are done ? my enfp ex broke up with me , and she is sailing right through it . she is quite happy and enjoying herself . no problems . she is the one that ended it , so its not that big of a deal . how to get ... family : yes so : no why is it so easy for an enfp female to move on after a relationship ends ? totally cut you out of her life and act like you never existed ? its just another day , like any other . i worked , more or less . thank you , but , no . i am not fine , but i'm not flipped out either . i just don't want to blame my problems on an innocent enfp and add my voice to the chorus already unfairly bashing them . thank you for the offer , but in all truthfulness , i have hit an emotional bottom and words are very difficult to find . she did not intend to hurt me in any way , it's not in her to do that . she is not ... thank you , but that's not what i was after . i was very wrong to have posted what i did about a woman that did not deserve to have those things said about her . she is an amazing and wonderful woman ... the relationship is over , there is no hope of even salvaging a friendship at this point or ever . which is too bad because she really is an amazing woman . she is nothing like my rage posts made her ... i am here to eat as much humble pie has each of you can shove down my throat . i was very hurt and angry when i made this post . that does not excuse it , however . it was childish and immature of me ... i am here to eat as much humble pie has each of you can shove down my throat . i was very hurt and angry when i made this post . that does not excuse it , however . it was childish and immature of me ... i am here to eat as much humble pie has each of you can shove down my throat . i was very hurt and angry when i mad this post . that does not excuse it , however . it was childish and immature of me to ... i am here to eat as much humble pie has each of you can shove down my throat . i was very hurt and angry when i made this post . that does not excuse it , however . it was childish and immature of me ... i am here to eat as much humble pie has each of you can shove down my throat . i was very hurt and angry when i made this post . that does not excuse it , however . it was childish and immature of me ... i am here to eat as much humble pie has each of you can shove down my throat . i was very hurt and angry when i mad this post . that does not excuse it , however . it was childish and immature of me to ... you just described in reverse what it was like for me , except she dumped me when she was done playing with me . ever seen that enfp ? intj cat and rubics cube meme ? yeah . what's with using intjs as toys and entertainment ? enfps claim to know intjs well enough to know we care deeply , yet you get what you want from us and move on like nothing happened . whats with that ? yes she is the enfp . it is another intj male that is poring salt in the wound for pure sport . he is taking great pleasure from my pain . right now i am having salt poured into the wound by some piece of shit that is enjoying rubbing my nose into it . if i say anything , i am the bad guy , the one with anger and jealously issues . what the ... i am not a toy , or entertainment , or a lab rat . right now i am pissed as hell because i am hurt . intj and enfp is a disaster waiting to happen . the intj is the mouse the enfp cat will play with until it gets bored . then its pick up the pieces time , and at some point someone while come along and ... being a toy , kicked to the curb , then some fuckwad rubbing my nose it and pouring salt in the wound . my advice ? unless you like being a toy then kicked to the curb , stay the hell away from an enfp . is an enfp worth fighting for ? no . enfp and intj is not ideal . the enfp will use the intj for entertainment then move on to the next new toy . i am horribly drawn to enfps , but after getting my heart ripped out by one , i will never get involved with another one . not for me . i am done with them . i have an enfp boss ( female ) and at least two enfp exes . getting any of them to focus on something beyond the newest shiny thing is / was impossible . it puts you at the ... sex . seriously , it's sex . actually , enfps are the end of intjs . and personally , i'm done with enfps . well , the one i feel for is anti-commitment , so i got screwed . considering my track record with enfp females , i'm done with them . the attraction is incredible , but the long term is dismal . what you are seeing is only the tip of the iceberg . an intj under stress will get grumpy , then frustrated , and finally angry . we beat ourselves up on the inside . we think about how bad we fucked up , ... yes , the draw is very powerful . however , it has been my experience that there is a lack of commitment on the part of the enfp when compared to the intj . i am more then willing to concede that ... don't most intjs base , or at least present , their personal opinions on logic ? something i have learned about enfps ; they are very similar to rabid pit bulls when you succeed in pissing them off . truly pissing them off is difficult , but step on their core values , or judge them ... maybe the immature twits are that way . not so with the more mature and finely aged variety . i think both enfps and intjs can make each other bat shit crazy , but with some effort , an understanding of ... '