it is a grand question of course . a lot of it has to do with what you value and what lying will cost you . i don't think any of us can say we'd never lie . if someone had a gun to my head , i would ... well , being free to have your own moral code doesn't prevent anyone else from calling it bad / wrong . that is what letting people have their own moral code is about ... they're going to conflict with ... i think we should be careful about the connotations of words and the declaration of ' goodness ' a guy at work once asked me if i am honest . i said yes . he said , the the truest answer is , as honest ... i don't think there's any one source for morals . i'll try to enumerate them here , but i'll probably miss some 1 . biology . i think we are in fact hard-wired for certain kinds of morality . we might ... i think you're automatically assuming religions were created for manipulation . while we have much better explanations today why lightning strikes or the mysteries of the universe , back then , not so ... in all likelyhood it was te people who invented religion . well probably more nt ... people who sit around thinking and making connections and seeking answers to * the truth * . so why is it so hard ... so eugenics is what is advocated . there's nothing ' wrong ' with a little eugenics . outlawing incest is eugenics . it just so happens , you don't like that word . it's like arms control . outlawing ... yeah , power is complex . i didn't mean to imply it was all about raw power . there's also age as it relates to choice . are you ' mature ' enough to make such a decision ... it's just something to watch ... i'm not going to ponder definition of nice and kind . but i agree with the theme that intention matters . i also don't think isfj's or any type is particularly more giving in any true sense than ... i would say we do seek to have meaning and understanding of things . seems like a natural fit for mysticism or political interests ... aside from biological / genetic issues , i don't think much of it . as long as : it's consensual , the people are of proper age , there is no exploitation going on ... that all said , there is a practical ... ah , exes trying to be friends or not :P not only is this a general complication of men / women relations , but now we throw in an intj oddness . i think he understands it , he is just having fun with ... yeah , on average few times a month . as others have said , more on a philosophical level like if life is not positively pleasurable , what's the point of living ? the old pros and cons . frank underwood style . it's my new moto . all types are capable of all the kids of thinking . i always like to think of the attributes of the type as being their natural state . i'm an intj , does it mean i don't use my senses to see the ... chicken because if something came from nothing , it might as well be fully formed to continue the cycle :P an egg coming from nothing would have a hard time hatching and growing up without a ... so here's a few things . 1 . men and women are often different . this is sometimes so hard for women to understand these days . and yes , i am generalizing . i am an intj and i have pretty much only ... learn to laugh at the world and yourself . i used to get angry at the world and people mainly to my teen years . until you realize just how silly the world and people ( including yourself ) are . then ... maybe i'm confused by the question , but intjs analyze the world via extraverted thinking . then we come to conclusions about it . morality is no different . we analyze the world and the morality ... i think there is some truth to it , but it's not as much of a paradox as it appears . here's my theory . women genuinely want a nice guy . a guy who is in touch with his emotions , is kind , ... any type can cheat and isfjs are not much different . they're a large part of the population and a significant part of the population cheats . do the math ... many isfjs be cheating :P they will ... i think it depends . i think an isfj would be more likely to refuse new music if 1 . they just get really comfortable in the routine of the genre . 2 . if they've formed a strong identity with the ... lol . me and my wife have the opposite problem . she's an isfj and i think she gets her highs off new experiences . i'm an intj , and while i like new ideas and what not , i find the experience part ... yeop . happens to me all the time . if i'm doing something , things like eating and what not can just be forgotten . such trivial tasks do not occupy my mind :P honestly , i've found myself having to ... i'm going to say what you describe is probably not primarily type related . i've noticed this with a lot of men in general be it at the workplace or at home , when they feel they are not listened ... hmm , i'm not an mbti expert , but i think my wife finds a lot of belonging in causes as well as her family tradition of religion / social justice . i think that's a big part of it . she tends to identify ... i think this is very true . it is both good and bad in my view . my wife and i tend to have some interesting talks on this . she'll always want ' something done ' or believes ' some leader will do ... yes , it is an individual thing . for example , based on what you said , you would appear to be an unselfish person . my main point was that selfishness can be seen in a lot of different ways . the way ... in terms of selfishness , i personally find all types selfish and that includes the isfjs . isfjs for example are very selfish with relationships but tend to be very giving with their time / money ... maybe an example from my life would be helpful . i love my wife . but during our relationship , there were various thing that i would weight against if the downsides were worth the life time ... every type has cheaters , and intjs are no different . every type can rationalize it to some extent . some would say it is their feelings . others will say there's no harm if they're not caught ... ... we don't know all the details and we can't read what is in his mind . but here are some of my thoughts . that he said he wants to date an enfp specifically makes me think he found something lacking ... yeah , it's definitely something i do . i generally have a thick skin and can take just about anything . on the other hand , if i value someone as really part of my life and they hurt / betray me in ... i used to get really frustrated with things . i can't pin point when it happened , but i eventually learned to enter what my wife calls xen state . i used to get frustrated while driving for example ... yeah , i tend to agree with fearandtrembling . i was really into politics , but eventually i realized that for the most part , it is just like sports teams and cheering for a side . so what is the real ... i'm a bit weird . i like to have enough money , such that i don't need to think about it . i don't really spend wildly , but i like to have enough money , such that i don't have to think about what ... well i value money to the extent that make sure my needs / wants are met . i like to live a comfortable life ( decent size shelter , decent food , electronics ... ) . but it's not about living better than ... for me at least , the debate on whether or not there is a god or a particular religious text is divine is not one that i tend to argue . it's rather pointless in my view . where i do tend to argue is ... it is definitely hard being a religious intj . i used to be muslim and was raised in a very islamic household . the thing is , i don't think being religious and being an intj are contradictory . i say ... believe it or not , i had a hard time saying no when i was younger ... and i'm an intj . i find myself repeating this a lot in these forums , but let's not excuse our faults by saying i'm an isfj or ... it is very complicated . i think we also have to be careful not to excuse things . in as much as there are ' healthy ' version of each type , various issues are issues . if anyone refuses ... in my view , adulthood or maturity is about resolving your childhood dependencies . - being dependent on yourself , not your parents for your money - resolving any childhood issues ; typically a ... the long and short of it is that it is complex . different people , different cultures , different values , different individual circumstances ... i believe the thing with guys is that ... well ... western philosophy for all its flaws at least tries to question the the ways of life . i come from a mainly islamic background ( albeit agnostic now ) , and if you look at it's history you see the ... while i agree about the lack of absolute morality , i think you overstate the subjectiveness of objectiveness . our 5 senses are important , but we also have observations , rationality , logic , studies , ... i personally have found that it is best to worry if people can deal with objective facts or objective likely hoods . you're more likely to have a productive discussion with people and they are much ... how safe you want to be is up to you . but good advice is good advice . i personally don't ever get drunk drunk ( passing out drunk ) . i did a few times when i was much younger , but learned not to ... while i fully get your point and agree that many people do make it sound less like good advice and more like blame , i just have to comment on this one . i would tell anyone it is good advice not to ... i personally think a lot of us are not as far from each other's positions as some of these comments make it out to be . what makes this topic so argumentative is the powerful charge of rape as a ... yes . i certainly don't mean to suggest all people pleasers are narccicists . it has more to do with the creation of a false self to others and manipulating people .