' http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nbCIg3UbjNg that just made my night , awesome . :-) xperimntnterror , wow , what a lot you've been through . i'm so sorry for your recent loss . i think zech gave some good thoughts on how to navigate through this time , as well as other posters on the ... i like to profess my love in foreign languages , preferably dead foreign languages . by the time they figure out what i'm saying , they're usually used to the idea . i remember the day i lost a little faith in humanity . it was the day , years ago , i read in some dumb gossip magazine that cindy crawford's spouse had cheated on her . i said to myself , if someone ... happy , optimistic , and satisfied with life . i don't even care i have the flu . it , too , shall pass . :-) , your photographs are very , very good . i mainly oil paint . here are some paintings i've been working on over the years , a few are still not done : floods and flocks ( 2002 , goes ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UVOU_T9bfAw i'm with ya , dalien , just read your post . i did have a somewhat casual relationship with a friend once , when i was in my early 20s , it lasted for a time , but yes * nods , * i don't look back on it as ... if i am alone , out in public , sometimes people will come up to me man / woman , and ask for directions . it always happens when i'm in penn station in nyc , without fail , at least one person will ask me ... i'd have to agree , that pretty much sums it up for me , as well . touch is such a sacred and enjoyable thing for me , approaching any dimension of it casually , i find difficult . i've never done a ... i would say , the limits of my own learning are only fenced by the limits of my curiosity . i can't say i have , not that particular specific scenario , nope . all i personally could suggest , is that if it gets to the point where you are trying to figure out ways to carry out things , if you ... i'm a type 2 infj , along with emmaleigh . for me , i experience my relationships with others , as , me not changing internally--my core values are still there , and all the ways i am constructed . but , ... aizar , some very good thoughts , there . cptkickercutleg , i know it may not help , but all i can say is that i have had my days , within my own mind , where i have imagined annihilating the entire ... for me , i will listen to girl talk , but rarely have very much to contribute . i am feminine , outwardly in some ways , emotionally feminine as well , mentally ... probably more masculine . it all ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cNAdtkSjSps feeling good emotionally , happy and watching the nyc marathon from home ( my brother is running ) , physically coming down with strep throat ( probably ) , not fun , but all else is good . : happy : thank you for this topic , lost in oblivion ! i could do with some suggestions for strengthening se , definitely . when i took the cognitive functions test , my se was at end of the list , poorly ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wVWazHTunSI&ob=av2e chilly autumn weather , falling asleep in a bed with 450 thread-count sheets and a fluffy duvet , with the window cracked open . periwinkle : happy : i need to have closure in my mind with situations . if i don't feel i have enough information to have closure to a problem , my mind will grind away at it until my brain cells start to incinerate . at ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TmcHPk8_1N8 very good topic , i'm looking forward to seeing the contributions to this thread , should be interesting ! : happy : i think that is very much along the same lines of how i am when it comes to ... all of the above ! : laughing : it's awesome ... i think we all change the world somehow just by being in it , of course ... but in terms of big changes ... hmm . the only thing i would want would be to have a greater understanding of those around me , ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AcmpBCXOgVI : - o excuse me while i pick my jaw up off the floor ... it may take a few days . wow . i have imagined ... made sense of occurrences in the past , after some deep thinking , by a point moving along a ... sometimes it's hard to be ourselves , when it seems we're different from people around us . but , different of course , doesn't mean wrong . don't feel bad being yourself , being who you are ... people ... i feel good today , though this morning i was feeling so disconnected and in my own head i had a real hard time concentrating and not zoning out the whole morning . lookingglass , good luck to ya ... my asc . is in cancer ( add another one to the cancer rising tally ! ) : happy : dalien - nice to see another aries with a water moon . my moon's in the 8th house , scorpio's house , but it's in pisces ... i don't think of myself as psychic , i do think of myself as intuitive , though . also ... i am very quick to examine any strange occurrences that come my way in life . i have very high pattern ... : happy : i agree with ya , gsmenardi . i am not sure what he would be , if not an infj , come to think of it . i think some of the more emotional scenes in the show had to do with him ... i remember ... gsmenardi - i liked reading about your experiences with the word dynamite . i've had a few of those happen in the past year or two , had something kind of similar happen even a few weeks ago . i was ... i've had a certain amount of memories eleri that i haven't been able to discount over the years . i haven't had any recently , but many when i was in my early 20s . but , being that the snippets i saw ... stark was great . : happy : i got such a kick out of his my side , your side , my side , your side ! diatribe . : happy : he was written really well . i'm not sure what type he might be , what do you think ? ... i've read through this whole thread , and was really struck by some member's stories here , and the level to which many were candid , which i give a lot of credit , because i can imagine it was not easy ... michele cook lewis - i section off my rooms , too . this is how i clean ... i attack ! : laughing : i try to keep up with things during the week after work , and my daughter helps out ( she's 16 ) , but ... in the show farscape , from several years ago , i always really liked the character of pa'u zotoh zhaan , she seemed very nf to me . : happy : i experience it most often when another is in emotional distress . i become very calm within my center , and consciously radiate that feeling to the other person . i cease to judge . i listen . i ... lookingglass ... wow , wow . i'll be back when i can re-form words coherently in response to your post ! thank you . you really got at the essence , i think , of what i was trying to get at in my ... your score : 67 0 - 32 = low ( most people with asperger syndrome or high-functioning autism score about 20 ) 33 - 52 = average ( most women score about 47 and most men score about 42 ) 53 - 63 is ... a boy didn't even attempt to kiss me until i was 16 . i was ok with not dating , and willing to wait for something more meaningful . my first real boyfriend when i was 18 . i've never really ... jawz ... thank you so much for sharing your experiences with this topic . memories can be fuzzy for me too sometimes , journals do help .   ... the texture thing doesn't happen with me ... just wanted to say how much i have enjoyed reading this thread , everyone's responses ... so great ( and comforting , on a level , thank you ) to see others share things that i have a difficult time ... i am reading clan of the cave bear and the oldest cuisine in the world : cooking in mesopotamia . the main thing i felt after finding out i was an infj was a certain measure of relief ... relief that there were other people out there who could be similar , or are structured in a similar way , ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xPnWOem7jok i adore random useless knowledge . my mind holds on to it , even when it seems it is a sieve for everything else . '