' it is definitely a boring questionnaire . anyways i have read a few ti vs te posts and i'm not really sure which one i use . i tend to have a mental schedule of everything and that sounds like te ... uh ... i don't think i fit the isfj description . i'm guessing you think i'm introverted because i don't like parties - but i don't like being alone . i actually get depressed if left too much time ... ok so let's do it . 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful ... uhhh . i've seen people answering to questions to see what other people think . maybe i could do that . she asked me a few questions . she said if you had to know something about a tv , would you choose to know its structure or would you rather know how it works and i said i would rather know how it ... uh , and what does that exactly mean ? ok so every test i do says i am entp . my functions are , in order , ne - ti - ni - te - fe - fi - si - se , according to the functions test . however i recently met a girl that apparently knows a lot about ... i have talked with a few istjs . it didn't go well . however i know this guy who is ( for sure ) extroverted , but i don't know his personality type . without any doubt , he's the only person i truly ... am i the only one that's always the leader when i have to work with people ? i think this is probably because i'm very independent , and i feel like it's going to work better if i don't let the rest ... i have heard hanji zoe is an entp . though i don't know if anyone else has said it . totally fred . i'm playing dumb all the time . but it's more of a strategy . ti most of the times . but in the cognifive functions i tested higher in ne soo . this happened more often when talking to friends though , heh . i think that's a good example ! hm . i'll take note too . i would be quite scared , honestly . 1 : entp . 2 : female . 3 : eldest . 4 : hands-on . 5 : which three of these do you enjoy most ? : a . creative activities or b . games 6 : moderate 7 : democratic , though it's not the best political ... so apparently it was a bug . i got enfp , probably because i clicked feeling quite often , because i didn't understand how any of these words could be a reason . sorry but ... i don't understand it ? i can't see the next button anywhere . i think it depends of your self esteem . as the insecure , low esteemed entp i was i had a harsh time talking in public . now that i'm kind of more who cares anymore . i've become a better public ... 2.5 / 10 . however , i have found popular kids liked my personality . i just didn't make an effort . i'm kind of shy at first , ironically . and people tend to interrupt me when i talk . xstjs . yup ! actually what i've been searching . thanks ! however , i may ask : how would the estp and the infp interact if they considered each other friends ? like , my infp character is pretty introverted and ... i'll take notes ! don't worry , you've been a great help : wink : and is there a way an estp can act friendly towards an infp ? if they do act friendly , how will they act ? like , will they laugh together or just collaborate in tasks ? that's good to know , considering they're trying to understand the reason for what's happening to them , and that's kind of an investigation , isn't it ? : tongue : and , what kind of stereotypical moments ... when did i ask for opinions ? all i asked for was how do these three types get along ? but apparently , the reason i want to know how do they get along is more important . well , considering hannibal lecter is inside , he would probably end eating everyone . if that's sarcasm ... well , i should make clear too my story isn't meant to be funny . is it a problem for you i want my characters to be realistic ? i like people relating to my characters . thanks ! however i should make clear they're a little less ... unfriendly . so , i'm writing an story , and apparently the main characters are estp , intj and infp . andi want it to be realistic . so how would they work ? like , how would x talk to y ? how would they all work ... the test says i'm a visual learner . but i don't think that's true , because i have a very hard time learning if i have to look at a graphic . it's only because i like drawing ! that's why it's kind of ... i am platonic for karkat . however , i still don't know what's his personality type . could someone tell me ? some people say he's entp . i skipped a year because in school i scored an iq of 135-159 . my characters are supposed to be best friends , however , i'm not sure if i should make one of them have a crush on the other character . so , that's why i need help . and ironically , the doers didn't ... so , you don't get along estps ? just curious . i'm making a story and i want to know how to deal with a intj-estp relationship . just curious . i'm making a story and i want to know how to deal with a intj-estp relationship . but i've never had a fascination for ufo , aliens and ghosts . especially because i don't believe in ufos or ghosts . and , after all , your inner voice is you , so :/ my friends often describe me ( especially infps ) as she's rude , however she is actually a very good friend because of my weird sense of humour and constant insulting ( i tend to insult my friends , ... but really ... how the hell do i know what my inner voice's personality is . exactly . remember kids , don't do drugs . well , i didn't honestly have that problem . i know perfectly how i am , and all tests say entp . however , when talking to people , i always act differently . melancholy choleric . the fact that it says the aim to finish what you start . made me laugh . a lot . i broke my computer . i'm writing this via telepathy . it also says this : you scored 7 % on ... my personality just changes . i'm flexible . and that's good , because if i need to be logical with someone i'll be logical , and if i need to be absurd i'll be absurd . however lately i'm becoming more ... my inner voice is myself , pretty much , so i have no idea . maybe i don't have an inner voice . is the inner voice what you hear when you think ? actually , the test may say 3w2 , 7w6 and 1w9 , but i think i'm a 3w4 7w8 1w9 . the other enneagram even makes me look nice . i think the same thing . we don't even know the situation entirely . '