' please read my future . i look like a vegan sjw with brightly colored hair but i'm neither . never ever stick your unwanted nose between someone else's relationships . fat , thin , it doesn't matter . keep your nose to yourself . for example , if you said 1 in 5 males are rapists or something crazy like that , a good man wouldn't believe that . they would be like , what ? that's insane ! the ones with rape fantasies would ... very interesting . this might be true for some of them . there are also two types of male feminists just like there are two types of female feminists . the bedroom feminists who just support equality ... my isfj partner has countless nicknames for me . i got the habit from him and now i give him nicknames lol others . i mainly listen to ambient , drone , different types of electronic music , modern classical and contemporary folk music . i dreamed about playing all day long . now i work all day long . one question . does your accent change too ? i've noticed that i mirror people's behavior a lot that even my accent would change completely sometimes . i'm infp but i appear as intp online and estj at my work . part ii https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DlKPTfVCAkc https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r_w6CAMds98 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fivLqoP0WhU https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EgD0w4nhsYs part i https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q2tarP0SuQ4 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nVeoMDTLcm0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZmmdiR92xZU https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lxII4laKtbM wouldn't recommend to infps . we get easily lost in our own world enough as it is . we shouldn't be going around not paying attention to our surroundings . 3/10 not my kind of music . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mVR10CD2Alk sucks compared to the worlds i've created in my mind . quaktony ducktano should be nicer to grimes ! ! even cal agrees ! ! no problem . check it out when you want to . i think they redefined vaporwave in my opinion . ok , i'll stop before i oversell it . / music playsufeff on a serious note , have you heard of this album ? i love it to death ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F9L4q-0Pi4E because some people don't appreciate the ufeffａｅｓｔｈｅｔｉｃｓ . who doesn't love grimes ? what should i watch ? when i was younger , yeah but i have to admit i had a pretty weird fashion sense and outrageous hair colors and hair styles . now that i dress quite normally , it seems to have disappeared . minimal techno is amazing ! i've been learning towards minimal side of music genres lately . but isn't that subjective . do you mean it doesn't have emotion because it provokes a positive emotion ? getting upbeat , happy , etc are emotions , right ? i know a band that uses washing machines to make music lol https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ukqOGGJqtZM sure , washing machine is used for washing clothes 99.99 % of the time but a musician can ... computers are made for personal use . you can use it for work , school , entertainment and composing music as well . you can't say it's not made for composing music because we all use computers for ... this is an eye umm ear opener . thanks for sharing . i don't know how music is made either in terms of theories and whatnot . i can't play any instruments but after reading up about how some ... yes and i have tried to make music before without any knowledge of real instruments . i couldn't . it's just not possible . you have to at least know some to even make a mediocre track . with many of ... dude , come on . burial is a freaking dubstep producer . he owns a dubstep label . you can't get much more dubstep than that . maybe you should listen further into the album and not just the intro ... you said you've never heard of it . that's why i showed you . now you have heard of it . there's nothing to be arguing about . they are dubstep and trap . you can research yourself . burial is considered one of the most prominent dubstep musicians . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Burial_(Burial_album) cocainejesus is ... i was referring to your comment about how you have never heard classical inspired electronic music and i have replied to your dubstep and trap comments . i know nothing about edm . this is the only dubstep song i know . i didn't like it but it has melody , vocals and song structure . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E2qLD9c3Gq4 this is one of the few trap albums i have ... how they think people can make music on a computer without knowing how to play real instruments is bluffing to me . i feel the same way when people assume that's all there is to it for electronic music . but some opinions are less valid than others when you haven't even named any electronic genres you have listened to but yet made a blanket statement about how terrible they are . correction : most of what you've heard so , by your logic this is better cuz it's using real instruments https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X2BYmmTI04I than this because they are only using ... they probably also have never seen production grade music software . so complex . i don't think it's possible to use them effectively without knowing how to play real instruments . it's all music whether you like it or not . electronic music also has so many sub-genres that dubstep ( which i don't listen to ) and trap ( i've only listened to a couple ) make a tiny part of it . ... i don't know how they cannot see how similar they are . i guess you need to step outside and view it from a third person pov . for real ? darn ! have you seen this ? ... a few things i would like to comment - respect is not demanded . it's earned . - facts are always good because nobody researches anymore . - i hate it when white sjws tell me what i should find ... you forgot genres nobody has ever heard of - infp why does this happen too often ? people like to often bash on electronic music but don't seem to have a clue about how diverse electronic music genre is or how much effort and classical music ... life sucks , yes . sometimes you feel like that's no purpose of living . but wanting to die is a whole different subject because you can still want to live without a purpose . is wanting to die ... i'm aloof , distant , self-absorbed , opinionated and not very nice . i find the beauty in tragic and dark things . i only know two other infps in real life . they are pretty similar to me . i used to read a lot of fantasy romance novels but most of them didn't really stick with me . it's the same thing over and over again . after a few years they start to blur into this one boring story ... it is especially if it's with people who don't click with you lol that defeats the purpose though because i've already opened myself to them . sometimes i won't even shut up when i'm with ... i'm not really shy . i'm very outspoken but i'm also guarded as well . i like to observe first before opening myself to people which makes me really quiet sometimes because i'm doing more listening ... i'm inherently very keen in design where i can be creative . a lot careers in this area tend to have an extroverted atmosphere which is very unfortunate for me . that's why i look for small teams with ... exactly what the title said and if you want to , explain a bit more about why the shows you picked deserve more recognition : happy : disclaimers : this is not i hate mainstream music just because it's mainstream . i still listen to mainstream music that i enjoy . some might had been ahead of their time but if it's not ahead of ... '