' i think that i'm satisfied with estp if that's the case . can't wait for college haha . hm ok that actually makes a lot of sense and is pretty helpful . ok , idea , what if i was an estp and the reason i'm bogged down is because there is so much that's limiting my freedom to be spontaneous ... i'm in the middle of high school so no i'm not quite there yet haha . let's say i was an estp , but i was unable to get out a whole lot and use my se , would my se just kind of say well i've got nothing ... i've gotten my best energy from hanging out with groups of people , and i think that's the answer to the next question . hanging out with friends is ideally how i'd spend my time . i like talking about ... i've been trying to figure this out for a while , and i've bounced around on a few types , estp , intp , and less often istp . personally , i'm at a loss to figure out which relate more to me . if it helps , ... so let's say you are an sp / so / sx 539 , does that mean that you are primarily an sp5 , an sp3 , and an sp9 , or does that mean you are an sp5 , an so3 , and an sx9 ? also , could you be an sp5 , so3 , and an ... i'm an estp with very highly developed ti , my ti and se are practically equal it was really hard deciding my mbti type . so i get bored easily because of being a 7 and the reason something bores me ... idk maybe i just associate 5 too much with research and intellect and whatnot . maybe i'm just delving too deep into it and trying to overapply the enneagram like the person above mentioned , i didn't ... umm no ? considering your avatar is a picture of what looks like cocaine it's going to take a little more than get some drugs for me to take that seriously . it's not crippling my life i'm just ... i know i'm a definite 7 , but in a healthy state i'm supposed to take on 5 - like behaviors right ? i bounce around from interest to interest because once i fully understand a subject it loses its ... well i don't see any reason the enneagram shouldn't be used in this particular instance , it is a pattern and it could easily be considered problematic . it's not like something doesn't interest me in ... i'm reasonably confident that i'm a 7w6 , tritype 739 , but i've discovered this interesting , habit i guess you would call it , that i kind of want to bounce off you guys . i know that moving around ... sprinting on a treadmill . just no . one of the worst things in this world . haha if the weather's crappy sure if she likes it that's her thing , i just hate chores , i get in way more exercise than ... well sure , but my point was about how tons of people slog away on the treadmill for hours to try to lose weight , they typically hate it , don't exert themselves as much , aren't inclined to return , and ... yep haha you've got it . right man ? estps are just not meant to be understood haha . yeah i did everything i could to make her feel better and apologize and obviously had no intention of hurting her . she says what i do makes ... dylio i laughed because i've spent a long ass time trying to figure out why i do stuff like this , and her text literally summed up exactly what my own questions were . the stereotype i'd heard about ... yeah like a few weeks into the relationship i just didn't feel it so i figured ending it before leading her on was the way to hurt her the least . i've been busting my ass to try to make this girl feel better man , i am sorry for what happen there was just an irony to it that made me laugh . more at myself than anything . so this girl i recently dumped was all pissed off at me for some reason and i spent like an hour trying to get her to tell me what she was mad about , this is what she said . bill , you tried to ... post your new years resolutions here ! i want to seriously bulk up and at the least bench my bodyweight sometime this year haha . also i want to do my best never to miss an opportunity for something ... raichu i realized i really agree with you on the whole it's hard to do exercise unless you're playing thing . i realized why i don't really like jogging and other boring stuff but like rock climbing ... oh yeah , getting into all kinds of trouble on a psychology forum ;P i've been into behaviorism / sociology for a while now i just kind of recently discovered the type-psychologies . it all kind of helps ... geez a year is a long time to spend trying too type yourself hell yeah you need a break haha . so if that's how you found this forum what led you to intjf ? or just the whole type-psychology thing in ... not unless you're secretly a woman and at least an 8 hahaha kidding , in all seriousness though alright if english isn't your first language i'll cut you some slack with the jokes haha . i bet ... i was going for a chuckle but hey , i don't really mind a little flattery : wink : it took me a solid minute to like , decipher the meaning of his post , seriously . i wouldn't worry about your height , ... with a post like this can't you tell he's a conversationalist ? yes her lack of basketball is why she is short . i can tell you one thing i agree with meirsho on , who really does care hat u wair ? it took me kind of a long time and a lot of figuring myself out , more tests than i care to imagine haha . i went from being an intj to an estp haha . it's pretty great though , i feel like i know myself ... whenever i exercise hard i feel great after , when i sit around on the computer all day i don't . think about what you would love to do tomorrow , or spend the rest of the day doing if you could have ... holy crap haha basketball is not your sport no . maybe midget bowling is for you ? yeah really no matter how hard your sister worked with those 5 pounds she's never gonna get jacked with them lol . i wish i could dirt bike but it's crazy expensive . i know right they'll fight for hours to burn a few hundred calories on a treadmill , give us a fun challenge and we'll burn a thousand in one . chicks with visible muscle make me want to throw up , it's ... ahh ok . i'm interested in competition but i think something with a thrill is probably my preferred sport . big wave surfing would be pretty epic but i live in a desert so it's not exactly a surfing ... i'll trade you homes . why don't you surf dude ? bummer man about the rugby . yeah considering most people would be jogging on concrete it's brutal on the joints . if you lived near a beach that would be way better for jogging . being in the water ... yeah i know what you mean . i only do exercise that i either have lots of fun with or to be competitive like you said . another reason jogging blows . 99 % of joggers are trying to get exercise in ... it's cool , it's pretty applicable to anyone . i told her i thought we should just be friends and she was like yeah ... i figured this was coming , friends ? historically speaking , one of my easiest ... i love feeling pumped the next day man i know right , my mom keeps trying to get me to run half-marathons with her and i'm telling her over and over no because it's sooo boring haha . i cringe when i see people jogging on the sidewalk . have ... huh well that's pretty cool . i did shotokan for a while in middle school i think i got up to like an orange belt with two stripes ? i'd be interested in starting a combat sport again but there's ... all sound pretty sweet , what kind of martial arts you do ? and by going to the gym i'm assuming you mean weightlifting ? well it's no secret most of us are into sports , what are some of you guys ' favorite sports to play ? doesn't have to be a sport with a ball and teams and everything , running / rock ... solid advice haha thanks . are you an estp yourself ? right , i know , i was just using that stereotype as an example of the type of answer i was looking for . i was purely curious as to what i might have some strengths and futures in . i'm not limiting ... actually conveniently i'm not ' putting it off ' cuz i haven't been able to talk to her for like a week so it's cool . great power certainly does come with great responsibility . i have immaculately ... yes that is what i mean , just like every intj probably isn't in love with science , they're still for the most part typically very good at science . every type has an area that they typically have an aptitude for , like intjs make perfect scientsists , what are estps usually fantastic with ? i guess i just didn't realize that i don't want anything serious . if i'm just honest and communicate with her it's probably gonna lead to some hurt feelings . i wouldn't mind it as much but i have to ... i'm a sophomore in high school and i have the typical estp problem . i chase a girl then when i win her over i'm bored instantly . now this girl is all attached and shit and thinks we're a couple . well ... thanks man i think that's my plan from here on out , that was actually a pretty helpful and inspirational answer haha . '