' he should go see a physician . fatigue and excess sleep could be signs of underlying problems , including hypothyroidism , depression or a sleeping disorder to name a few . if his fatigue is getting in ... but that's the thing ... what's the limit of what you think you could have ? any time i meet someone , i'm going to find flaws , and when i find flaws , there will always be the voice in my head that there ... here's the thing ... if i were him and i knew you thought like this , i would find it kind of manipulative . if you like him , just tell him ? respect his feelings and trust him to make his own decisions ... right now , i'd say that i'd never enter a relationship with someone i don't feel is right for me . but i'm also young . who knows how my views might change in my late thirties or forties . the ego boosting is tolerable . ego boost away , my minion . if you want to throw in the neck massage too , i'll deign myself to accept it . good lord . what have you done to the poor kitty . i do hope you don't mean to say that you will subject us intjs to such abuse . ahh . the good old mbti manual . i definitely have some preformed biases of their studies just based on the academic background of the mother-daughter pair who created the mbti . i won't say more ... do you have a link to a study ? i'm curious as to what else they tested . for instance , i am willing to bet that sensing may be positively correlated to iq as well . i think it's more likely that people ... and here i am thinking what are these people up to ... ? surely , this must be some nefarious plan to expose our soft hearts and jiggly innards . i don't think i'm ugly or beautiful . somewhere on the spectrum of average ? i'm not as obsessed with making my body aesthetically pleasing as most of society seems to be . i'm grateful that i have a ... this is really up to you . sometimes , friendships don't last as people change . if you are feeling inferior or left out , you have two choices : 1 . ) suck it up and put in more effort to make this ... i love-hate having a rival . in the sense that i hate exams , but realistically , i know that without them , i probably wouldn't learn the material to the degree that i do . in the same sense , my refusal ... vdi-p : 79 % visionary 66 % tactics 92 % introverted identity : perfecting interesting that there isn't a percentage for the identity . based on the descriptions for identity under the vdi ... short cake cake the point is to make new friends ! don't limit yourself to places where your friends are . go where you want to go , especially if it has something you particularly want to study or it's ... short cake cake don't feel too torn about your friend . here's the thing ... she had just as much time to confess as you did . the fact she told you not to tell was probably a sign that she suspected he ... if you don't mind , could you elaborate on the kinds of roles you play in the bdsm scene ? there's some speculation as what intjs or introverts might be , but the more data the better :) to the first , i guess it's a general question of whether the disease makes the patient . we often say that we shouldn't define a patient by their disease , but at the same time , they're clearly ... yes , memorization does get better with repeated exposure . you're strengthening the neural connections after all . i guess it's less about ability to memorize ( i can if i want to ) , but i simply can't ... ... what do you mean by scientifically proven . mbti has no science behind it . whatsoever . it's not just because of inconsistencies . it's really just a popular fad in society . as for ' nature is never ... there is no variant of mbti that is scientifically proven . mbti was created by a woman and her daughter neither of whom had the scientific background necessary . i am not sure what you mean by ... okay , i'll apologize for this ahead of time , but i'm going to be a bit of an asshole / ' that chaperone no one wants at the school dance ' 1 . i hope the person driving was not drinking . 2 . i'm happy ... starry eyed i believe one of the requirements of dickhood is selfishness :) . but i certainly won't complain if you don't think i'm a dick . i didn't mean that i thought they were lying about their ... benthnau at this point , this is literally just squabbling over words . we clearly both know how reproduction works . you're referring to how you need an egg from a female and sperm from a male . i'm ... is it just me or has there been a huge wave of incoming intjs recently ? i can't tell if it's out of the ordinary or if i'm just happening to be paying more attention to it . not that it's a bad thing , ... this is a cutesy version of a secretary or your mom ( not yours specifically ) . i'd like to have one to help me run my life , but not as a replacement for an actual so ( i'm assuming this is what you ... benthnau you do realize that people can have children through other means , right ? you can get egg / sperm donors for people who otherwise can't have children . if a gay couple decided that they wanted a ... i'm not saying that cutting people out is mature . it's just the easiest way for me ( i don't know how other intjs feel about this ) to deal with complicated relationship i don't want to deal with . i ... i meant a heteronormative pairing , because i had a feeling someone was going to misunderstand and say that oh , you think only a male-female couple need genetic testing for children . i never said ... plot twist . the two people in the story are stawker and starry eyed . dun dun dunnn . starry , i think using age is one of the worst ways to tell someone you're not interested . it's kind of like ... hmm . 1 . ) you can just as easily die by ie . not eating , not breathing , not drinking , sheer stupidity ... doesn't mean our purpose in life is to eat , breathe , drink , and not being stupid ( although this ... an intj dude you're interested in having problems trusting you ? regardless of male or female , intj or not intj , being cheated on is going to leave a mark . there was an implicit level of trust that's ... hmm . i'd disagree . genetic selection is happening all the time , but with technology and medicine , we're preventing a lot of it from happening . back in the old days , if a child was sickly , chances ... helenka wow , haha , i wasn't actully expecting you to explain yourself , but this is pretty cool . also , can i mention i love how chill intps are ( or maybe it's just you ) ? i was expecting some outrage ... did you let him know in the email that you'd be talking to a ta if this wasn't resolved ? ( in a nicer way than the blackmail-y way i've mentioned it lol ) but really ... when else could you pretend to be a school bus microbe ? lol . magic school bus vr version . wow , life would be significantly more boring if i were ingesting food pills . i would say food makes up a solid 50 % of the reason i go traveling . some of the food i've had ... literally mind blown . not ... right ... you're also learning team work . if you think you can do everything by yourself in most jobs in the world , you are sorely mistaken ( believe me , this is coming from someone who was an ... acataleptic i'm in my 20 ' s and have never been in a relationship . right now , i'm at the place where i'm thinking it'd be nice if i did find someone of interest , but i'm not really bugged if i don't ... ahh , that doesn't sound like a merry christmas . if you're not working in your enclosed garage with the car running , or leave your co-producing heater on overnight , you should be fine ? :( yeah , doctors may have the medical knowledge , but they're not the ones interacting with your baby 24/7 . they should listen when their patient gives them valuable information . i hate religion . i hate snow . i'm just a hater all around . no not really . i'm not religious myself , but it is always interesting to see how other people view the world . it does get incredibly ... fancy 8 two parts to this : 1 . if you know he has a girlfriend , it's partly your responsibility not to lead him on ( if you're right in your assumption that he is interested in you ) . 2 . you know he ... helenka i'm not saying this to offend you so please don't take this personally . this is just me ranting about whatever i rant about ... i have a bit of a pet peeve when people say things like my ... hmm , but from the things i've mentioned is there anything on there that other people from other personality types wouldn't know about the people they're interested in ? it's not like my info-gathering ... have you tried talking to her about this ? ask her if she's interested . and maybe when you guys talk , you'll find your perspective on things may not be what she's thinking . this is obviously ... it's been a really long time since i've been interested in someone , but yes , in the past , i would collect information on them . as in , i'm not going to go straight in to let them know that i'm ... we're talking about those that we unconsciously place at the top of the social pyramid . those popular for hiring would be different . it's more than just expectations with t and f . society ( at least the western ) prefers people who are social . introversion is not a desired quality in school or in the workplace . we hero-worship ceos ... '