i have narrowed it down to 2 , 3 , 4 or 6 personally . i haven't finished watching the first season so no spoilers please unless you're describing her as a person that is . the clue is in the title . why ? i don't think anything just that i was like woo a relevant 9 villain exists and she may not even be a 9 lol . is mystique a 9w1 or a 9w8 villain ? my corrections : nancy - estj 1w2 darren - estp 7w6 sienna - esfj 2w1 tegan - esfj 6w7 cool . i'll check them out . kevin hodge isn't the same enneagram type as his twin brother . he's clearly not a 8 . you're looking at the surface of the descriptions not why they actually do stuff . a 7w8 black guy is going to seem ... i've re-typed charlamagne tha god a 8w7 estp . lol , yep . 4w3 introverts can be walking contradictions because of this . no . the classic bad boy is an estp 7w8 so / sx . i saw some threads about all the other enneagram types as villians except these two . peter pettigrew - 6w5 captain hook - 6w7 ? henry bowers - 8w7 queen of hearts - 8w7 or 8w9 ? miss ... alright then if you're into being a sub then go for it . you clearly missed this bit . and how am i wrong ? i'm just asking a question and i gave two fictional examples but like the simpleton that you are , you decided to focus mainly on that . i'm ... yes because the title couldn't get any longer then that . get a life , seriously . i'm not attempting to correlate them though . chill out , it is literally under circumstances . i'm not saying sx doms are naturally prone to incest . i'd say it depends on her enneagram type . if she's a 8 then she'll probably try to out-man you . i'm not attempting to correlate sx with incest .. i'm saying that they are probably more likely to be incestuous when in a repressed household . besides , the other example still stands . why focus on ... i'd type him as a so / sx cause i think his lack of sp is what makes him clash with cersei a lot . the show jamie and cersei at least . why do 7w6 ne doms often think they're hilarious ? it's cringey to watch . yeah , i clearly got sx dom kinda wrong because of how they are described . i think they are mainly describing the feeler sx doms because they focus a lot on the relationship aspect . book jaime or show jaime ? i was under the assumption that most cultures hated america ? charlie.elliot he's an 8w7 douche . no surprise there . 1 ) i'm not a he , 2 ) i literally said that sx doms are more prone to incest not that they became sx doms because of incest . luckily , i don't give a crap about your opinion . mabye sx doms are easily triggered ? or most likely they just read the title and made an assumption . i'm past caring at this point . charlamagne tha god - 7w8 derekdesco - 7w6 ? emilyhart - 2w3 or 7w6 so / sx ( i think she may be a 2w3 who acts like a 7w6 . ) ana kasparian - 3w2 so / sp matthew hussey - 2w3 ? so / sx ? melanie murphy - ... a + response . thank you for that orangeappled . or are they just better at hiding it ? isfj is possible but 9 doesn't seem fitting either way . i was literally about to say that when i came back to this thread ! i think the actress's enneagram type is rubbing off on the character . i ... pip from great expectations . ( 9w1 sx / sp ) i'm not an infp but i can see that some other types responded here already . i can't stand the fakeness and two-facedness that high fe users possess . i mean 2 ' s are even referred to as the helper and it conjures up an image of a florence nightingale type of character . they must also be about glamour since they're in the image conscious traid ... ^ i agree with arya but 9 ' s tend to be introverts and sansa is an extrovert . esfj to be exact . i'd think 2 or 6w7 would be more likely . she defo doesn't seem like a laid-back 9 that was really off ... riverdale : archie andrews - 2w3 so / sx betty cooper - 2w1 so / sp veronica lodge - 3w2 so / sx jughead - 9w8 sp / sx cheryl blossom - an obvious 3 not sure which wing though . so / sp kevin keller - 2 or ... someone who can't even figure out their own type shouldn't be trying to type others and expect others to listen . he started out great but his videos are getting too ott for me lately . you're so right ! before i even opened this thread i thought esfj . esfj 2w3 sounds about right not sure about her instinct though . lol nope . i think the reason might be because they are often the isfp stereotype which i'm trying to fight against . i think the 4 descriptions are basically describing 4w5 ' s most of the time . i'm also a 4 that doesn't try to be overly original . how about arya and sansa's enneagram types ? i thought of making a thread for it but i'd rather not clutter up the enneagram section anymore . what about the show's arya and sansa's enneagram types ? people seem to flip flop on their enneagram types like they do with cersei . also lol @ people who don't know their own types trying to type other people . the problem with the celebritytypes website is that they are typing people based on how they when they got famous . she could very well be acting like an estp now but she was very sf-ish before being ... i don't care . i'm still holding out for one like bonnie tyler ! i think the types that tend to be good with women are so / sx or sx / so or even sx / sp . an awful lot of sp / sx's are terrible with women . i was about to edit that post cause i noticed that there have been many threads about instinct here . i just haven't been here for a while and i'm wondering why i bother here tbh . people barely ... what i don't understand is why they are often so rude to people online . i mean it's not our fault that they are living a lie . well other than the fact that they often think they are other types to begin with and when someone thinks a celebrity is another type they often say they are 6 ' s instead . woo . i wonder if i made people want to talk more about their instincts with the thread that i made last night . it's a good thing if i did even if it seems to be getting mixed reactions . i'm surprised that a thread like this hasn't been yet . the first that come to mind for me are jaime lannister ( 3 or 7 sx / so ) thomas sharp ( 4w3 sx / sp ) and rose dewitt ( 4w3 sx / sp ) .