quite sure you're an intp ( like me ) , based on your answers , since i can identify with a lot of your answers myself . really sounds like an isfj to me , based on your answers ! i'm right-handed and left-footed . makes sense . i'd say entp , based on your answers . can't exceed infinity . my girlfriend is an estj and she dresses absolutely stunning . no http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=viwBGxn6BU0 i'd say intj , based on your description . i'm just a male heterosexual , almost seems boring when saying it like that . voted for intelligence , but had to choose between that and sense of humor and kindness . sometimes , yes i do . although most of the time when i bring something up i don't particularly like about myself , she ( estj ) always says that's something she likes in me . quite weird , but she keeps ... netherlands - europe i love photography , although i'm not nearly practising as much as i would like . when singing out loud along with music , without translating a single word and always being clueless about what you're actually singing . my guess would be entp , based on your description . didn't got further than 27 , and i consider myself quite allright in mental math . score seems to be very dependant about luck though , some are way easier then others . don't have any tattoo's and i'm not planning of getting any . just don't like the idea of something so permanent . not really liking math . i do love numbers and stats though . i'm really into track and field , and i'm tracking any stat or bit of info i can get my hands on . if i can , i'm not answering , unless it's someone i know of course . when i'm sitting on the couch it's already to late though , no time to hide anymore ... quickly ditching them anyway if i have to . mother : esfp father : xxfp hasn't been that easy for me sometimes , still love them though . dynamic . it even sounds like way more fun . reading a song of ice and fire atm , fifth ( and last so far ) book ! true , but i might for example ignore someone i'm not interested in after they started talking to me . if they keep talking enough i might even hurt their feelings to get them to shut up , i don't ... thank you for participating ! your score on this test was 25 out of 36 . the average result for adult population is 26 out of 36 . hmm , that was a lot higher than i expected . while making the ... generally , no . most of the time i find myself scanning people first and if i get the feeling i like or need them , i'll be nice . otherwise , i might just ignore them . pretty sure i can be romantic in my own way . not the traditionally kind of romantic , but more in the creative section , mostly spontaneous . what usually makes me laugh are those stupid illogical jokes . mostly i only see other xntx laugh when one is being told ! i've found an intp girl in my sports team . my coach uses mbti and told me she's the same type as i am . after that i went into knowing her a little better , because i know intp women are ( very ) ... i'm 25 , and i don't know which option to vote for ... i'm into track and field for as long as i can remember . actually , that would be since i was 8 years old . since a few years i'm back at the beginning , the decathlon . 10 events to do , so that means ...