' like a rollercoaster . my best female friend went missing today ... at midnight then she finally went home at about nine am , didn't tell anyone anything . i was up all night looking for her and now she ... that made me giggle . i met girls who say that and think i'm a pushover . i'm not a pushover , but i don't push back . i simply stand my grounds on what i find true to myself . if someone asked me to go ... i'm bitter and sweet . the thing is about being bitter with me isn't against people , it's a way i defend myself from getting hurt . i don't manipulate people , but i use that bitterness to become a bit ... yes yes and yes ! actually , i noticed quite a few infps smoke . i don't know why i smoke . i do it out of boredom , i'll write and smoke , read and smoke , walk and smoke . the funny thing is when i blow ... when i say i feel misunderstood , it's more of the fact the other person can't see beyond their perspective . i have a hard time explaining myself verbally as well it comes out weird or off the page ... so , i found a girl i like . started talking to her everything was great and dandy ... then i made the mistake of opening up to her . not everything , but the things i did as mistakes how i feel , why i ... when it comes to talking to either gender , i tend to treat them the same . i don't have a lot of female friends and the ones i do don't mind the way i speak to them ... when it's a stranger or someone ... i feel as if something bad is going to happen , as if i'm torn between the afterlife and the life of reality . i don't know if i'm having an episode or not , but for some reason it's like life is ... hahahaha . it's never fun to go into that dark corner in your heart and to face it face to face ... can't say i'm proud but i didn't back down . haven't been on here for awhile , but feeling much better . i am now a little over a week clean of drugs and drinking ... i hit rock bottom , hurt those i love and care for and almost lost it all . but now ... i'm feeling uneasy ... as if there was something i should have done or said today but i didn't . it's as if i could have a more amazing time today if there was something i could have done differently .. i'm completely and utterly torn right now . i could get my job back which i quit there for them screwing me over but i don't want to .. my friends keep telling me i should until i find another job ... i'm actually quite happy . i had the confidence for a brief moment to walk up to a random person and start talking to them in a slight flirtatious way . that's not the fun part , i'm just socially ... i feel energized but at the same time sapped out of it . i actually found someone i truly like in my town , however it's one of those hopeless waste of time to think someone else could feel the same ... this is a touchy subject ... have i been in fights , yes . first time i was about eight years old i had made a snow family with kids and completed with a dog , well this sixteen year old decided to start ... today i decided i give up on the outside world and life and shall become a bed warmer for my bed . but i hate the heat ... i like the cold . anyways , i suppose i'm rather miserable today but it's okay , ... whoa whoa whoa ... morbid ? i've had people tell me i'm a sick human being . i told them i'm not a sick human being , i'm a sick individual and told them not to put me on the same low level as they are . i've had people tell me i need to go on medication and that i'm a sociopath and capable of being a mass serial killer . i just kinda laugh and tell them they need to praise me for the fact that ... i'm puzzled and baffled . i just had an odd dream involving someone i don't even know but she ended up dying early on . i actually am even more sad because i can't fully remember this person's ... i am miserable . i miss my infp friend in town and i've been working myself to the last few grinds of my bones . so much misery i feel renewed , as if i'm a different person in the same cage . today i'm angry and i can't calm down , it's as if an endless soda bottle has been shaken and tossed from a building . i know the feeling . trust me . well , my very good friend happens to be an intj . our conversations are like snow and fire . we don't get angry with each other for different opinions but it always mixes things up . she's intuitive ... don't you feel as if we were born in the wrong era ? i have a strong fear of being in love and having one love me . just for the fact my gut tells me to run every time i get close to someone so i don't get dragged in ... i'm feeling like a bird in an open cage but with clipped wings so i can't fly out out of this misery made by me . i'm feeling happy and quite indifferent , a bit psychotic to make a smile with a scare . i feel like writing but work tonight . ugh ! ! ! i feel chaotic . as if i don't understand wrong from right but the inbetween . but it feels so good because nobody can read me then . i just wished somebody could understand my perspective of life ... what pisses me off are the hypocrites and generic macho type males . why is it that nobody is in tune with their emotions ? everyone seems to be brainwashed now and it really pisses me off . i ... oh i quite like the trail . if only i had more nature where i live .. this wasn't exactly something i was hoping to find but ... truth be told i find this a tad bit amusing . if i were to talk about something like this with my friends i'd find it a bit more comfortable ... i feel alone . not as in i don't have friends or people around me , but an emotional loneliness . as if i'm the only one that is reaching out but merely grabbing loose threads in the wind . i'm a mixture of happy and upset . recently went into a long distance relationship with someone i've known for years . she understands me and knows how to talk to me without making me upset or feel ... i'm feeling as if everything i cared for is slipping past me with every grain of sand in the wind ; like i hate the world but love it's abuse .. feeling a bit uneasy , as if something surprising will happen which i don't want to ... suppose you could say i'm feeling a tad nostalgic today . today i feel bat stir crazy . i'm considering actually cleaning my room and organize it even though i think it's just fine . someone actually wanted to have a deep conversation with me so i obliged ... love for me ? it's quite sad i love someone who most certainly and most likely will never return those feelings . she lied to me , yet i cannot stop talking to her despite the pain . perhaps this is what ... confused . i truly like this person , but i know she's lied to me and hurt me , yet the same time i can't get over the fact of how much i like her . is it wrong that i still like this person knowing i'll ... though i'm not sure what you're losing , or who . i won't pry , but it seems like a relationship or some form of it ... you and me both huh ? right now , i'm angry . not at just one person , but everyone who leads others on and then lie to them . why do people do this ? do you not see how hurtful you're going to be ? how can i ever trust that ... today , shockingly i'm feeling quite happy . and i have not felt happy in a very , very long time . i'm unsure what brought my spirits up , but whatever it is , i wish to find it and keep it in a locket . i know right ... but still but i don't like many of the fairy types ... i like a mix of ghosts , dark , dragon so on ; ~ ; i know right ? ! it's a deer with swords ! ! ! swoopity doo why do you have x ? i have x and y but i just got soulsilver ... and i need that lugia dx i was getting distracted with pokemon ... this will be interesting ... - slipped into the covers - ; ~ ; '