' i think it's difficult to derive something from your examples to answer this question you posted . reason being , i think this isn't about going with others ' decision , but that it is about making ... i've read the descriptions , but i'm still fairly confused , since there are other things that come into play . if w1 is about the right thing to do , what would w3 be about ? i think this is ... i saw your thread yesterday and have been thinking whether to respond , since i don't know any type 2 intjs but i do have a type 2 istj parent and an isfp friend . while i'm not type 2 , i'm core fix 4 ... people are always looking for a way to organize information , and that includes information on groups of people . regardless if we're n or s or tuvwxyz , we automatically look for patterns . the reason ... i think these are the reasons for that : - istjs don't question the point of the thread unless the thread begins with a dubious premise . / intjs either ponder the point of the thread , or the point ... taking a shot at nfs and nts : xnfjs - personally want to investigate how people see and what they think of strippers , so they try to be one , understand what it's like to be strippers , then become ... it's a cycle under a different name or context . first , people subscribe to the stereotype ( since top google searches are the first sources of reference . ) next , they find a community to find ... reminds me of the motto , the person is not the problem , the problem is the problem . it makes a lot of sense to me - if every action is an evaluation of a person's character ( e . g . you forgot the ... very much agree , that typology can have positive / negative effects depending on which hands it lands into . scenario a : i introduced mbti to a friend , who was repeating a self-sabotaging pattern ... jumping to conclusions . there's a lot of it around here recently . does that mean both of you are not officially together ? it doesn't sound mutual to me at all if you are in love with him while he thinks you two are a wannabe couple . it seems that your account ... their sense of humor . after some theorizing , my istj friend is convinced that my puppy is a dangerous being from outer space . as such , she has warned me to get an armor from ebay , but when i said ... being unable to identify momentarily would be more accurate than misreading . i know i'm feeling something , but what it is and where it's come from might be unclear . i do not think of it as an ... i was playing this online game and in a squad of random people . there were four of us . two left the dungeon for a while for some troublesome thing that was unnecessary and a waste of time , and so i , ... you haven't . i know i have a problem of not conveying things very well , and i tend to realize that only after someone has pointed things out . i am not sure how to explain this reactivity ... thanks all , that was clear . marzipan 01 although your comment that reactive ennea-types cannot control their reactivity is directed to som , i thought i'd share what i think . as a 4 , i pick up ... interesting thread . tbh i am confused at the definition of reactive of reactive triad in this thread . from what i understand , this reactivity is more about noticing something and wanting to ... choccrunchie are you currently under any form of stress ? that can make finding your type harder . i don't know how much help i can be but i'll give my personal account on this disconnect i used to and sometimes still do experience . as a child , i was emotionally expressive and quite intense ... i could barely read anything in the middle of the entire thread , so i've skipped it . apologies for anything that may have been repeated . i don't know how off the track i am , but the fi-doms i ... mizzcasual did you notice how the istjs in here have been tactful to you ? it's likely a similar thing with your friend , except the situation is more delicate because he's been a friend of yours . ... ugh . it's bad enough when a friend with a loose mouth randomly bitched to me about a stranger in detail , especially when i know she often doesn't get her facts right , and even worse when she had ... i think goku is an istp . as mentioned , he lives in the moment and doesn't worry so much about the future . the thing that stands out to me though is that most of his thinking is done internally and ... i know i've been there . knowing is a start . enneagram certainly helped me understand the flaws i have in ways mbti couldn't . it was ironic that i didn't know i , as type 6w5 , came across as ... i think you might be an xnfj , but i'm not really sure . i'm supposing you're new to type , so hopefully the rest of my post doesn't look confusing . you seem to use a lot of fe ( extraverted feeling ) ... the lack of paragraphing , not the content , made it a tad bit confusing to read for me . the long post looks like a direct translation of inner thoughts though , so if it is , it looks similar to my ... colleague had a farewell dinner . during idle chat afterward , i started reading dilbert comics on my istp sister's phone . i don't recall which particular comic , but an original message was ... i don't really understand your example . i'd say that the cue is te , not ni . i don't play snooker either , but i'll attempt to relate to your example . ni does care about the directions of where the ... i don't notice the obvious enough apparently . it amazes and appalls myself sometimes . it's like looking at the full picture and having your eyes go everywhere and eventually spiral down to the main ... oh my god . this is the first time i'm seeing this thread , somehow . it's so much a better read than most threads around in this sub forum ! now i can't figure out why i didn't see this earlier ... observations of myself : the repeated use of metaphors and analogies , asking several questions and having ambiguous speech patterns . saying never mind / forget it a lot and choosing a course of action ... reading this thread . the massive amount of misreading is disturbing . this ! i've always felt that introspection makes a lot more sense to me . for a long time , friends and family alike ask me to express my feelings , but i don't know how to - it tends to come out in ... sorry , i just had to edit this : why of all nts did you have to choose this guy ... ah well ... carry on ! your response to napoleptic confused me for a while . they were just saying what they think and feel in response to your open letter . the you they were referring to in their post is a general ... nothing's wrong with your approach . something's wrong with your assumptions and the way you're looking at this . my guess of your assumptions based on what you wrote : 1 . that we all have a lot of ... corrected for you . i find it funny that when lirulin says something to the effect of the above , she usually gets a response as below : this is a standpoint i find interesting to consider . but at this moment , i'm inclined to disagree with the notion that the f way is any more real than t ; i find it far more abstract than t ( this is ... you phrased your title as why the mind games . why do you not instead phrase it as , is this intj playing mind games with me ? it makes a whole lot of difference to perception . are you just grabbing ... yeah , precisely . there was a period of time that i was reading up on the subject of emotional blackmail and manipulation . i wanted to understand why people engaged in it - is it necessarily malicious ... a lot of things to address , but i'm having some problems synthesizing everything into proper words , so i might leave out things in the midst . i'm unsure how to respond to this ( the part in ... a few months ago , both before and after i joined the forum , i read the threads . i learnt a lot from them , and i was prompted from then to figure out the entire mess that made up my history . it's ... i would attribute it to popular notions of confidence and arrogance , projection and comparisons . confidence is trust in one's ability , while arrogance is exaggerated opinion of oneself . both i ... doesn't that mean the intj's gonna die in the end ? i play a decent cleric though ... teddy 564339 thanks for the explanation . it's very comprehensive . i'm going to rearrange your post for a bit and edit for length . ( rest assured though , i'm not disregarding them . ) i think i ... i don't know about other nts , but i don't reject details . the issue for me is not about the amount of details , but what kind of details , and in what order of priority they're put into . i need to ... i see what you mean by the manipulation . i'm not sure what to explain here , except that while riku seemed to change , i'd say that he realized the mistakes he was making , and he wanted to make up for ... i can only work with what little you've provided , so consider my speculations , but don't treat them as facts or truth . remember that every type faces esteem / confidence issues . - being emotional ... my confession : when i hurt , i want to be hugged by a child , who expects nothing in return . when wronged and cornered , i feel i have no voice of my own and need someone else to be my voice , but ... '