' im going to break the rules a bit but express a similar idea : 1 ) edge of skyscraper 2 ) ranch in montana 3 ) airport runway 4 ) highway by the sea 5 ) ski resort your mind is your soul . i believe your mind is cultivated with the depth of all your emotions , your experiences , your knowledge and the result of all that intellectual agriculture is a lively soul ... here's the bad dream : waking up at 40 without a sense of purpose , looking up at the white walls and thinking to myself , what have i accomplished / contributed in my time here ? my face totally ... warmth | 86 % intellect 62 % emotional stability ... these are my people ! ! ! feels good to see all of you [ update ]: so i picked up the book as i promised earlier , so here is what i think . many posters are assuming from the title that this is about picking up women , or being somebody or doing something ... the key distinction in underestimation is the word under ... meaning misplacing the value of someone as being lower than he / she is . it is a miscalculation , an error in judgement , an improper ... thank you for the recommendation ... will certainly look into it i welcome myself to the forever alone club at last . this is where i belong , where i am most at home . i am at peace with myself now . yea im single now . couldn't hack it with an estj . acey i think i am just adding to the woeful statistics ... but its a large enough sample now to conclude this is going in only one direction . stranger : i have a penis , how bout you ? you : same here stranger : aww stranger : sword fight you : lmao jenna fischer from the office one of the original ingredients of coke is crack . sprinkle some crack on it just a little bit . its not the sugar that gets you , you can avoid the sugar ... no one is addicted to hic for example . the ... is that lord krishna ? i will most willingly devote myself to you i am saying yes to 3 people above me and 3 people below me . if my partner farts , thats quite ok . we will laugh about it together . what do you guys think about this movie ? nobody mentioned micheal jackson ? ? ? the most famous infp in the world ! well ... thats easy ... failure the mudkipz was actually pointing to mario who came from the back door as jackie , leroy brown , the twin , and all the goblins , dwarfs and demons stood silently watching the new visitor in search of ... i am always home , i might get sum exercise in during the afternoon for an hour , but thats abt it . i have always been like this . i live in my own mind inside my room . i respectfully disagree . if your idea rests on the premise that society does not push people out , then i might have to crack open the history books to illustrate in a very lengthy response the number ... the eternally fucked personality group tries to find a diamond in the rough . i was watching this show on tv today about how consumer crazy this country has become . grown men lining up on black friday with teenagers ripping into each other to cut in front of the line for a ps3 ... movies : pursuit of happ ( y ) ness poison freinds cherry crush elizabethtown up in the air this is why you are an infp . your approach towards higher mathematics is different from someone who is say an entj . you would be surprised to find that the greatest mathematicians of the 20th ... y so serious ? i dont like that idea at all . counselors are client pleasers and they say what needs to be said to keep the client thinking its a good idea to offload on them and to get another booking for the next ... that was beautiful yea , we could give it a name like sunday night sunsets or push it towards the mediterranean instead of deep throat iii or 10 dicks 2 chicks i know what i want in life , know how to get there , know the directions to my destination but am still lost along the way . if any passerby find me , please pick up this lonely hitchhiker so far i have the highest percentage rating for all four i n f p . should i be concerned ? depression is a drug from the fountains of which i drink without repulse , i make amends with the life i never had , sink deeper into the vile depths of its diaspora ... i cannot fathom rising above ... actualized type : infp ( who you are ) introverted ( i ) 88.46 % extroverted ... let it out boys and girls ! i think we are hitting very good points that we would otherwise avoid discussing if this was a face to face discussion . take the thread where you feel it should go ... epic thread in the making to put it in context , this isnt your daddy's porn collection . the porn business is now a totally different monster , accessible to anyone with a click of the mouse , or ... this thread of more about how infps should use their potential , and i also feel its not to take a jab at other personality types , rather setting the other letter as a general contrast point , which is ... depressing how infp females wouldn't say infp males . this ... is very true . its very stifling , but we are working on it . i am in a 4 year relationship with an esfj . there are things about her that i really appreciate , and vice versa , and i try to accommodate her as much as i can . that being said , its not always ... which title ( s ) do you relate to best ? dreamer which title ( s ) donx 92t you relate to ? lovable romantic , more like hopeless romantic . is / are there any title ( s ) you feel ( or have seen that ) would ... what this reconfirms to me is that i either need to have my own business or put in all my effort to get to a authority position as much as i can . these idiot coworkers are like sting bees on a ... you should coin that phrase , before i steal it you should coin that phrase , before i steal it i used to frequent two forums other than this on a regular basis : one about graduate schools , and the other about a sports team . both forums were filled with personality types that sharply ... i have always been my biggest enemy , harshest critic and worst friend . i do play basketball regularly , esp when the depressing thoughts hit me . i take out all the pain in the court , but it temporarily relieves the stress . but afterwards , the depression hits even ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KG0cjUm4txo watch jeb explain how he got into base jumping n i think it might help u put some perspective into ur thoughts . i have large priorities and goals that need to be done , not just done , but done well and done quickly . done with a sense of urgency . do i have a sense of urgency ? no i dont . every time i think of the ... man i read the whole 12 stanzas of your vent lol and it was very heartwarming . thank you for your honesty . now time for my honesty . i have actually seen this happen to me before ... and before i ... '