' lose hope . intps gonna intp . sounds really nice . i hope it works out for the two of you . added tigerfool to ignore list , so i don't have to sort thru his trolling in infj threads . ___ on topic : my feelings of shame are created by triggers which mirror traumatic moments and ... subject of death is always broader than just death . i feel that from perspective of universal consciousness , which we are all part of , our lives here are both very significant , for our suffering and ... itt tigerfella pimps his internet alpha maleness at expense of op . the hobo i saw 2 days ago playing with a doll on top of a trash can was less sad than this . with what ? i'm afraid in a lot of cases establishing boundaries while yours are being violated will result in you violating their boundaries . at this point the people who are more skilled at being unconscious ... you never answered my question . what's an estj doing in an infj forum ? eventually you'll have to face the music and figure out whether the upkeep is sustainable . dealing with need could be an infj's worst nightmare . the bitcher first this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jfDLkem6iEs then this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ClvAvB6kPZQ ___ also this : very much so . in the past few months i've experienced a frightening and sudden loss of creative drive . my baby project - roleplaying game - that i've been working on since 2006 , on and off , has suddenly gone ... get dr's best pepzin gi on amazon . it is an ingenious japanese supplement ( zinc carnosine ) that has been clinically proven to stimulate healthy stomach flora and increase stomach wall repair speed ... we are drawn to people in need of help , however we often have trouble differentiating between those who just need some inertia to run on their own , and those who will keep hanging on to us and take ... i've scared away a fair number of women online before learning to keep the profiling to myself . hannibal lector ruined it for everyone . when i was 21 i went to a psychiatrist who really really wanted to put me on paxil because i was depressed . i refused . at that time i rarely experienced enjoyment of the moment , mostly trapped in my ... hell no , son . there are moments that come in randomly where i can feel other people , and know exactly what they're about to do in the next moment . some would refer to it as being in the zone . it's a state where ... i scored 100 % introverted on mbti , so ... i can only handle conflict well when i attend the dojo 3 times a week . the physical connection reinforces healthy conflict management patterns in my head . i start thinking outside the box , become ... i strap on a belt of explosives and break into their house ...   ... wait , maybe i didn't think this one all the way through . steven seagal . martial artist ;) selflessness is part of our inability to separate others ' feelings from our own . so essentially by helping others we're helping ourselves feel better as their energy improves and tortures us less ... i had 2 instances of pervasive panic attacks which lasted for days if not weeks . it's a terrible hyper-realistic feeling , like i was losing myself . the glass wall between me and reality , the wall ... supervisors / managers ? i quit my career because i wanted to throw my manager out of the window . like , really wanted to . like , would daydream about my fist flying in slow-motion into his disgusting ... i am not sure what you mean by abrupt . i have problems around people who don't let me finish a sentence , and always seem to speak louder than i do . somehow they will make a whole table-ful of people ... after surviving extroverted social occasions i am often content to do exactly nothing for the rest of the evening and the next day just sit at home without even going outside for a walk . more than ... neither of you is wrong . you both react to what you perceive as an attack on your inner process , with reaction being a reflexive attack on the other's inner process . : there are 2 possibilities : 1 ) the guy is 23 ( young ) and hasn't yet learned to be straightforward in expressing his emotions . you revealed something that made you appear not-future-proof or ... a disastrous experience i have a limited endurance for . i cannot answer that exact question , because it depends on degrees of intensity in a specific situation , among other factors . that said ... this situation could be 1 ) part of natural ... no , my infj song is https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HJcxU67LX2s i've been wanting to ask this ... you frequently speak seemingly from an infj perspective , yet your profile says you're not an infj . what's going on there ? the old man has a wife . the drunkard doesn't have a wife . at first i wanted to give a direct reply but i think the story demonstrates the point . terry dobson's train story the train clanked and rattled through the suburbs of tokyo on a drowsy spring afternoon . our car was comparatively empty - a few housewives with their kids in tow , some ... don't let her see this thread . edit : changed my mind i managed to say sorry to be buggering you to a lot of people , until one of my martial art teachers told me that it really isn't a harmless mix of bugging and bothering . oops . my excuse is ... eastern martial arts . lady rainicorn : most people who are looking for dates or sex on the internet are these for a reason . as someone said , the odds are good , but the goods are odd . those reasons vary wildly , and it ... because the risk of getting a potentially deadly lifelong disease is still way too high . even the errors aside , the chances of a condom breaking are at least 0.8 % . a clean std blood panel , though ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B_an_YupJAI sorry , someone had to . one night stands get a lot less spontaneous when i demand that we both have an std blood test first . so no . science fiction , plain fiction , action , and some dark things anonymously in deep hidden corners of the internet . i had an idea for a long time , but it's too outrageous and controversial , and ... easy . you're an i n f ( j + p ) / 2 in my limited experience , infj <---> intp are some of the hardest interactions to have . there are completely different wavelengths of thinking , the signals you're sending to your infj he's missing ... http://i62.tinypic.com/25fli6b.jpg same as any other person fitting the description of a sociopath , with the same potential for causing harm to other living beings . of course , a sociopath taking the myers-briggs test would likely ... '