i love this show yet can't find anything else on it's mbti ! i think : beverly : pretty typical esfj murray : istj barry : enfp ( he seems very led by his emotions and clear dominant ne by his ... that was good rhyming actually i'll start : enfp : playfulness enfj : nurturing / caring ness / empathy infj : mystery / intense eye contact infp : imagination intp : aloofness entp : wit estp : smoothness esfp : fun / stand up for ... i love flirting and think i'm pretty good at it to be honest . i think a lot of infps have a natural charm in their lightheartedness , silliness , sweetness - they seem to be the type that would tease ... ' life isn't meant to be fun or interesting ' ... ? well that's depressing . and not true at all . what's the point in life if you aren't enjoying yourself and it is boring ? film making is competitive ... i love connecting with other infps online . it's like i don't have to face my problems alone - there are a million other infps out there and we are all going through the same thing :) i used to be like you - getting exhausted with anyone's emotional problems and exasperated with the fact they wouldn't listen to my logical solution . but the thing is i realized , a ) they are ... a healthy infp does not have a constant need for attention and sympathy . she is imbalanced or immature in some way . aaadd edison same like sometimes me and my infj friend connect so well and then we get onto a topic where morality / politics are concerned and it just goes downhill from there ! :') i think fe ... infj ? but fe / ti and fi / te clash so much ! they are completely different ways of valuing things . my infj / enfj friends are nice but i have to avoid topics where moral values are concerned because it ... i like to think this is the prequel to himym and this is what marshall ericson aka ' nick ' was like in high school . thank you for replying and your useful comments ! when i say ' textbook infj ' i don't mean the jealousy and competitiveness . she's only like that sometimes . but the rest of the time she has a lot ... hi one of my friends is a textbook infj . we have a sort of love hate friendship . like sometimes we get on so well and make each other laugh but other times she gets so competitive with me and ... gus an esfj ? ? ? what ? ? i thought he was intj ! mickey seems like an esfp but reserved e bertie is an esfj i think . darryll is esfj rebecca - entp paula - entj josh - esfj valencia - esfj ? or estj ? or isxj ? greg - no idea ... inxj possibly ? or is he an extrovert or a p ? i'm not proud of it or anything but i was quite a secretly rebellious child - like i would shoplift but i never told anyone about it . yes me too ! i hate feeling tied down to something when i don't feel passionate or excited about it anymore . then it's just always nagging me at the back of my mind and stopping me from feeling free ... keegan sounds like an infp to me okay yeah that makes more sense ! so estp then ? exactly ! aren't infps supposed to be artistic ? and i think i like being creative and painting but recently my family has commissioned some artwork from me and it is taking every ounce of strength in ... it's become a real problem . i get so passionate and motivated about a certain idea but then i burn out so quickly and lose my passion . once i've lost the passion , i don't feel the meaning behind what ... troian is an entj and taylor is an esfj ... but mlk is an infj for sure sorry i just really can't see spencer as an infj . to me , she is clearly an entj and strongly resembles my entj friend and is nothing like any of my infj friends . i think she clearly shows te and not ... no they dont . a lot of people make this mistake but estp and infp are not duals . estj and infp are . in socionics , the j and p in introverts is swapped round so infps are actually infjs in socionics ... 1 ) infj - quite hit and miss , a few infj friends , when we agree we can be really good friends , crying with laughter and defending each other but when we disagree on important stuff , we can be both ... yep me too cos we have fi . fe users are more externally emotionally expressive yep . i think i just love feeling really passionate about things - it taps into my fi ! i hate : letting go / saying goodbye close mindedness laziness people not minding their own business aw i just read a really interesting article about this quasi identical relationship between infps and infjs . it said that they often feel inferior to each other because we extravert the functions the ... i don't think so ... fi users are known to be harder to read as their feelings are more internalised than externalised like fe users . fi does not necessarily equal being ' tough ' on the inside but that ... luna lovegood we are currently on holiday in america on one of those group trip things where you stay with a bunch of people . there are 11 of us and everyone is quite close by now ... except me . i can talk with each ... aw i relate . my older sister is like that . she is an enfp and much more outspoken and bold than me . she can say stuff like that to me too ( and worse ) but much more when i was younger . it really hurt ... me too . just yesterday i was on holiday put in a group of fellow travellers and there were two guys on the group close to my age that i was talking to . i'm usually really shy so this was quite scary ... hi sorry i took so long to reply i've been on a trip round the us and death valley doesn't have much internet ! thank you for your advice - i tried it and it did work at times ! i've become quite good ... thank you that was interesting to read ! she is definitely an isfj and is very introverted . there is a clear sense she believes she knows what's best for me because she has the experience . but the ... i find my isfj granny extremely controlling too ! she acts like my parent whenever she comes to stay . she is very set in her ways . i bought a pair of ripped jeans the other day from topshop which i ... isfj and entj is the worst match ! they aren't duals - isfp and entj are duals ( you're confused in socionics the introverts have the p and j but switched round ) . isfj and entj are called conflicting ... i'm in a group of friends with an infj , enfj , entp , infp and istj . i'm often described as being the cheerful one at school or even annoyingly optimistic lol ! i'm quite quiet in lessons and i prefer ... the reason for us occasionally having to voice our opinions loudly about something awful is because as we have fi dom we have strong internal values so when something crosses those values it is ... my older sister is an enfp and she gets so worked up and angry sometimes . like say if we are on holiday and i am in the nicer room because i arrived first and she comes later and then she screams and ... what's an ' fi explosion ' ? don't think i've experienced one of those before but they sound exciting ... hmm maybe this is due to how developed your te is . growing up in a family of te users , i have pretty developed te and so i don't feel entjs are taking charge of me as i am also pretty good as using ... i understand what you're saying . i don't want to feel anyone completes me but that i am already complete on my own . however i think complimentary relationships just mean surrounding yourself with ... i love entjs ! my brother in law is one and we get on really well . i wouldn't know obviously from a romantic perspective but could see it working with other entjs ( my sister is enfp if you were ... infp here and i love parties ! i always feel crazy nervous beforehand but once i get there and get warmed up to it , i really enjoy myself . how i act depends on what kind of party it is : - small ... to reduce stress , people go to their inferior function , which in chuck's case is se . this means he drinks and sleeps with loads of girls to distract himself and avoid the thing that's causing him ... ted - xnfj i cant tell if he's an extrovert or introvert . he likes to spend time alone occassionally and just sit and really think about stuff and sometimes when he's out with barney he wants to go ... i relate ! i used to think i wasn't an f because of this but actually when someone argues against a belief i have , my fi reacts rather passionately and i come on a bit strong . i'm able to debate ... i quite enjoy debating . i don't particularly like conflict but if someone is arguing against my beliefs or is insulting me i will definitely stand up for myself and debate the issue calmly but ...