' it's much easier for me to relate to and connect with people who are lonely , socially alienated , or just generally unsuccessful when it comes to forming social bonds . this has , for obvious ... it's probably not even remotely healthy , but i usually bypass my shyness by pretending to be an outgoing / confident character . it is surprisingly effective . in my case ( and i think probably most ... i don't think any types feel anger more frequently or intensely than others . however , when it comes to expressing anger in extreme or destructive ways , i think te-doms make good candidates . i ... infps are notoriously self-loathing . neither . why in god's name would i take a pill from a mysterious stranger who claims said pill will do something extraordinary and unrealistic ? that being said , being able to play any musical ... istjs . typed myself as one for a long time , and therefore spent a lot of time on their forum . gotta stick up for my homeboys . eh . facing rude / blunt criticism is just the reality of putting your ideas out in a public sphere . if the op actually gets scared away because of that , maybe she isn't ready for an internet forum . but guys , nobody's shutting anybody up . open and public dialogue on a subject from multiple people with differing opinions ≠ censorship . op , your post is way too emotional , therefore you can't be an intp . 211866 yeah , this . same as most other pop artists who milk the deep persona for all it's worth . on the stressed thing : i basically get hyper-obsessive and hard-working when i'm stressed . i feel overwhelmed by whatever problem or problems i'm having , so i compensate for this by multiplying my ... fair enough , i suppose . that makes sense . yes , i actually thought i was an infp for quite a while , but i changed my mind because i didn't really connect very strongly with the other people i ... strengths : i think that i tend to think more deeply and analytically than most people . also , i've been told i'm a pretty good writer ( even if i'm not , it's still probably the closest thing i have to ... so , for quite a while now , i've considered myself to be an istj . however , i feel that i may have previously been relying on a faulty / misguided understanding of the theory , and so i am , once again , ... yes , i relate to that statement very strongly . however , as much as i desire to change the world , it just isn't very realistic , or at least not on a large scale , so i have no real intention of ... while i think that the school system in america is failing basically every student , i honestly don't understand this whole obsession with making subject matter in schools applicable . is there ... i don't believe that they are the same ( obviously ; if they were the same , there wouldn't be any distinction to begin with ) . however , they are equal and should be treated as such . expecting women to ... that is not a response . why do you have such an obvious need to feel superior to others , so much so that you pretend that their thoughts and ideas aren't even worth your time ? insecurity , maybe ? ... it depends on what you mean by subservient . if the dominant / submissive component of of a relationship is accepted and desired by both partners , then i don't see anything inherently disrespectful ... no . however , i would consider respect to be a vital part of love . it's difficult for me to even imagine a scenario where someone loves another person without respecting them . i can usually talk about anything , but i very much prefer conversations of a more intellectually-stimulating nature , at least with those i'm close to . i find it difficult to form any sort of real ... there's too much happiness and positive thinking in this thread . shut it down . but , that doesn't make any sense . every thread is an nf thread , due to them talking louder , more frequently , and for a greater period of time than anyone else . this thread is nine pages long . i just want to emphasize that all it takes to get a 9 - page long ( and presumably longer , in the future ) thread on personality cafe is to arbitrarily insult a random ... but , why are you angry ? no , no , don't be ridiculous . that'd never work . i , personally , recommend subliminal messaging , specifically using the method of neuro-linguistic programming . there's some people out there who will ... nothing distinguishes humans from animals . humans are animals . therefore , your description of a human without introspection as , applies equally to all humans . as for whether or not it's ... i think sj's , as a whole , are probably least interested in it , though , unlike what most people seem to assume , i don't think it's due to an incapacity to use abstract reasoning or to grasp theory ... but that's wrong . after watching that interview and reading a little bit about him , i get a strong impression that he's an esxp . most likely estp , but i could also see esfp . probably an se-dom in any case . also , ... starseeds ? this is taking special snowflake syndrome to a remarkably extreme level . like , almost as extreme as otherkins . i have some advice : 1 . contrary to popular belief , the personality test is easier to score high on if you get literally no sleep the night before . 2 . use a pen with red ink ; # 2 pencils are a ... this may be the most nonsensical / contradictory / hypocritical / irrational post that i've ever had the misfortune of being directed at me on the internet . well done , sir . ... i get the sense that you have absolutely no interest in having a reasonable debate with me , though i haven't the faintest idea why . is it because i'm an istj ? if so , that seems a little silly , ... you are literally making the claim that mbti types are the direct result of different brain areas being overactive / underactive ( which you've provided no evidence for , because there isn't any ) , that ... people aren't immediately accepting my completely flawed theory that has absolutely no basis in biology , science in general , psychology , philosophy , or even reality ! this must mean that they're at ... i doubt anyone's posted this , so allow me : even if your theory is correct , an imbalanced personality is not the same thing as a mental illness . if you think it is , then you have a laughably ... enfj , with estp as a close second . in both cases , it seems like it'd be physically exhausting to even carry out your day-to-day life . i'd say it makes you a reasonable person , but maybe that's just the cynicism talking . why should i fantasize about bullying someone ? bullying is mean . explain to me the purpose of this thought experiment and / or survey . you're going about this the wrong way , op . if someone insults your type , the appropriate action is to turn around and insult their type . this is internet banter 101 , people . i'm disappointed in ... procrastinating on an insult ? this is what happens when you let esfps use the internet . i think everyone probably has a lot of contradictions in their personalities and beliefs . sort of just a part of being human ( and therefore imperfect ) , i guess . also , viewing the world completely ... i typically get along very well with enfps . they tend to have a unique perspective on nearly everything , which can be pretty refreshing . the world could use more uniqueness . see , the problem in your scenario is that you think other people are going to be reliable . expecting other people to be reliable is like expecting other people to be nice , polite , or even halfway ... if all else fails , your friend and the guy could get real freaky and study an in-depth history of taxes . i relate to well-developed and three-dimensional characters , and will often share their emotions , or at least sympathize with them . but , if the character is just a piece of cardboard with a small ... i don't really understand how someone could be mainstream , considering the mainstream is just whatever thoughts , ideas , entertainment , and behaviors are widely-held , popular , or accepted in society ... where's the mystery box ? you can't have one of these threads without the mystery box . i choose the box . intj , because you say you always type people correctly due to being an infj , but since you are clearly intj , that means you don't always type people correctly , which means you aren't an infj ... '