' i'm going to have a little laugh about this statement . because i've heard quite a few times you should learn not to be so sensitive ! : laughing : my math semi-sucks . abusive math teacher at school who hated my guts ( it was mutual ) . was never exposed to calculus . by bending my brain , i can get my head around accounting . cape colville ( tip of coromandel ) last year , first time with my 70d . 718866  7188 74 718882  7188 90 rave : the filter survived my butterfingers , woohooo ! got an interesting photo while playing with it , call it a path of diamonds . 718474 it must be technique on the day that's affecting my photographs . today , these ( cropped out of the middle of the photograph ) . 20ft distance ( i paced it out ) at max zoom , autofocus : ... from what i can see with the reikan software , make sure that you do it outside and in bright sunlight for best results . i'm picking that for myself , it must be a technique issue . maybe because i'm ... three variations on the same photograph ( white island , from nearly 2 years ago - damn i love shooting raw ) . 717610  7176 18 717626 this was my old canon point-and-click , running hacked ... eeeeyow ! : sad : yeah , i can get into that kind of state . i have to be extremely tired at the time . rant : extreme butterfingers ! i just bought a cp filter for my camera ( circular polarizing , $ 150 ) . trying to screw it into the camera-lens for testing ... i kept dropping it ! : angry : twice ! on ... maybe when i'm really tired ? verra interesting ! now i'm curious , i'm going to re-do my keys 2cognition and see what might have changed . ( note that i am fairly stressed and tired at the moment , so i'm not expecting anything ... it's crazy behavior right there . block . run . i doubt that's related to functions - i can also be extremely short-tempered , critical , and foul-mouthed given enough provocation . giving up when work pisses me off ... depends on the exact ... drmind seriously , he is calling ... and calling ... and calling from 1am to 3am ? and honestly expects you to be there to pick up the phone ? as if that is your sole reason for existence ? is he ... i don't think that anyone ever figured it out . or ( tbh ) gave much of a toss ... i'd still prefer that she left it up . we're not impressionable children , we're adults attempting to dig into our own ... this site may help you with that : extraverted thinking ( te ) edit : from this page on the above site , you can probably see where / why i score highly with my ti function . ... mbti enthusiast you might find the matrix above interesting and probably have a lot more to say on the subject than i can manage . some of these things can be really hard to figure out , especially if you're borderline . some things can be oddly-placed too . after all , compare mine with the classic istj : classic : si-te-fi-ne / ... disclaimer : i'm no expert at typing others . looking at this ( and your original thread ) and thinking about it , i'd hesitate to mark you as an istj . i mean , nothing screams out istj to me . ... understand that i don't make a habit of typing everyone that i run across . no that person's an intj , that one is an enfp , that one is an istj like me etc . the reason is that that would only be a ... completion . on the floor , just the ups with power-cables and the associated dsl connection into the wall . 716106 all cables now neatly velcro'd off instead of twist-ties . 716114 the lair nears completion ! cable management . 716082 7160 90 716098 that's the pre-stuff . see next post ... jcal fischer - the worst part is as you learn more , you start to realize how many more known unknowns that you had no clue about prior , as they come into your attention-range . when you use that ... electra 2 lemmy - i'm trying not to laugh at your responses ( don't take that the wrong way - i * like * the way you responded to that troll ) . yes , the guy is guilty of negative stereotyping ( which i ... her . it was just a thought - ursi was someone prior who did this . regardless , she shouldn't post if she's taking them down again . that simply cheats other members of valuable insights . ( semi-amused rant i suppose . ) 715354 i lol'd - yes , i've had days like this . nights too , when on call ! i have seen this before with certain other posters . i had not noticed it with her ( not sure why ) . i personally find this behavior deliberately aggravating . going through the logic-chain : * such ... define twisted ideal of masculinity . definitely over $ 2k lol - ordered , paid for , eta mid-next-week . i will put up pictures once done to my satisfaction . interpreting fiction rofl - academics can be so cracked ! : laughing : mix of fiction , sf , some fantasy , and a bunch of non-fiction / technical books . ( i used to have a small library of sf and ... in no particular order and as they come to mind : pink floyd vivaldi clannad rammstein beethoven rolling stones mozart offspring ( before they sold out to go mainstream ) when we do yack , we can tell stories with the best of ' em - it just takes practice and being relaxed . as you say , age and experience gives a fund of better stories ( plus more practice at delivery , ... back to our regularly scheduled programming . last night , up minden . https://i.imgur.com/MIO7HKG.jpg blended two photo's together for this one ( a bit cruddy , 1am when i did it - sosumi ... you're all just jealous of my jetpack http://68.media.tumblr.com/ff8daa3e2924330764214cb87313070c/tumblr_ow40ksE2pN1rwkrdbo1_1280.jpg ... given that the kar-shit-dians and their ilk are the ones all through the news ( have you seen sinead o'conner's meltdown ? ) then i'm tempted to say that if you're doing the opposite , you're doing it ... null signal . lack of information . why are you asking * us * ? ask * them * . i've been thinking about this for a bit . i am beginning to wonder if the it's not healthy to contain emotions is a meme that is spread by certain types of emotionally unstable people . that ... https://earth.nullschool.net/#current/wind/surface/level/orthographic=-76.20,22.54,521 damn you guys are in for it . :( my work laptop also runs 2x 27 1080p screens , and boy do i need them . usually all three ( laptop screen included ) have something on them : windows vm , a couple of oracle rac vm's , reference material , ... sela pimped out my workstation . https://i.imgur.com/gwDrkFp.jpg i have become somewhat skeptical of those who say that it's not healthy to contain emotions . it may or may not be healthy for * them * to contain emotions . everyone is different . so where do ... lack of trust in others on their part ? understanding their own habits and projecting those habits on to others ? : tongue : once you get fully into things , it creeps up on you insidiously . : happy : i've experienced similar things . i never expected to spend over $ 2k on a camera and lenses . i never expected to be ... a little too rah rah rah wow wow wowee ! etc for my taste . still , very interesting . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jEEC1ULcDJw edit : the actual movie : when 10 call-outs plus planned weekend work leaves you feeling dead and incapable of dealing with other people . bottle them for winter pies . in this case : the situation appears to be that you expect everyone else to have exactly the same interests as you . this is obviously not true in this situation . once you realize that they don't ... nothing wrong with any mobile phone . after all , the best camera is the one you have with you . you would still be able to get those printed out decent-sized ! i remember that video . : tongue : i resisted the ipad for 2 years - hoping for a decent android-based tablet to come out . eventually i caved : apple had the best of breed at the time . probably still ... i've had a similar issue with my ipad . i used to be able to check and make posts on this site from that - now the pages invariably crash and are reloaded . want to post ? fuggeddit lol '