' i never had any other desire so strong , and so like to covetousness , as that one which i have had always , that i might be master at last of a small house and a large garden . ~ abraham cowley , the ... i'm thinking isfp i fear that despite pouring everything i have into making it through life , that i will fail utterly , and have to be carried off in an ambulance and mumbled about at family gatherings for the rest of ... i had the weirdest dream last night , that i moved to norway , but i could not find a job anywhere . i couldn't even find anybody else who had a job except selling arts , crafts and furniture . i saw the ... i think they would do fine with them , but it just seems like some of them don't care about having one . me too the best vacation is the one i don't have to go on , where i know my family is off having fun while i happily eat what i want , read , get projects done , etc . at home without having to worry about ... you sound eerily like me . i despise being misunderstood . sometimes i think i need to be understood more than i need to be loved . it's weird because like you described i spend a lot of time trying to think of the most exact or ... i'm an infj and my favorite colors are deep indigo , which reminds me of my inner self , and bright yellow , which draws me out of myself . i know it's hard to believe sometimes , but you aren't the only one that feels this way . you aren't alone in this . i totally empathize with everybody around me , especially those i feel are helpless or vulnerable . i've had many a shopping trip ruined by some desperately crying baby who's dressed for a blizzard and ... feeling kind of happy to see i'm not the only one . college takes up so much of your life , then suddenly it's gone . for a while you are too busy catching up on sleep to notice , but after a while ... i'm extremely heterosexual and have never even thought about becoming otherwise except as a mental exercise to entertain a guy i was with . i'm very emotional , a bigtime feeler , but i'm a big tomboy ... totally . i find people drawn to me , then repelled by my candor or by my hiding . i think i puzzle people unless they have known me for a long time . my best friends tend to be very laid back , ... i purposely practiced not showing expression when i was a kid because i got really really tired of people saying i looked angry or sad . now i think my face is stuck that way . i get sooo tired of ... one word : estp they are the natural salesmen of the world . the persuader type , emotionally controlled , approachable , rational , quick-thinking , always one step ahead . i have an estp ex and an estp ... you know you are infj when the harshness , turmoil and decay of the world suddenly become too much , and you come running back to this forum so you can remember , once again , that you aren't the only ... always the experimenter . ( did i spell that right ? ) omg are you my twin sister ? lol .. so true . you guys are being so sweet and kind . and making me blush on behalf of all infj's . i never knew enfp's were so kind . i've had a couple of bad experiences with them . the nice ones i know remind me of ... haha .. i knew you would notice :P i hate it when i do that ; keep all the negative things inside , try so hard to be nice to them anyway , then the next thing i hear is how i'm a condescending bitch . i mean :( i try so hard . maybe it ... my , my , well .. this is certainly a post to feel good about ! thank you sooo much . cool idea ! for infj , how about something abstract and beautiful ? i look like me , only much fatter , and with more wrinkles . to me empathy means the ability to sense the emotions of people around me , and the inability to keep them from affecting my peace of mind . as long as people around me are calm , i am able to be myself ... haha . i love this . i thought i was the only one that cleaned one area at a time . i started doing this when i had four young kids and would sometimes become overwhelmed with the sheer amount of work ... you people are scary . why should we save some random stranger ? because the next person that needs saving may be one of us . there is more to life than looking out for ourselves and those close to ... let's trade . i wanna move in . i'm a new yorker ; what're ya gonna do about it ? i admire independence , empathy , intelligence , integrity and wisdom . my fave character is probably gandalf . in my opinion , yep . my estp son does great in school whenever he wants to . when he doesn't want to , he finds a way to get out of it . estp's are great at getting their way , even though they are easy ... i've been a serious cat lover all my life , and i've passed it on to most of my kids . as a result , we now call ourselves the crazy cat people and are overrun . clouds swirling over deep water ~ ~ ~ no ~ ~ ~ i don't believe there is anything inherently bad about any of the types . esfj's are under-represented here and may have an underdog thing going on . i was married to one for many years and he is still ... this is a painful subject for me to write about , because it involves the actions of family members that i've long forgiven . i was raised in a family of sensors , who were certain there was something ... that's me . i either know it all , or none of it . my grandmother and i were obsessed with this show , but it's not as much fun without her . ~ ~ ~ lolz ~ ~ ~ ( don't we all ) i like this post a lot . ~ ~ agreed ~ ~ they surely do need to be fixed , but what is going to fix them is in hot debate . personally i think we ought to study what works and follow it , whether it's popular or not . this may include moral ... lol .. always gotta play the nobody cares card , dontcha ? after my major authors class on melville , i'm not sure i'll be reading this again any time soon , though i might do my thesis on pierre . my favorite way of typing people is to see who in my life they remind me of , and to me your relationship with your mom seems the twin of the one i had with my istj mom for many years . there has only ... i have no problem with the point , it's just that i want people to not start any flame wars here , because they are counterproductive . you won't see any posts from ziistem that aren't insightful and ... we all have to try to be a little bit objective , or this forum will become as angry and hate-filled as so many of the others . we can explore our differences here without fear of rejection or ... i'm not disagreeing with you about his post or how it made you feel . i'm saying this forum is a place to explore new ways of thinking . you can't attack the posters personally or they will not post ... '