' being a vet myself . but a submariner ... i can't say i'd be much help . however ... def talking to people who have exprienced similar situations as you can help alot . surely , a rape victim and an iraqi ... lol infj's tnd to bully themselves . we dont rly need to pick on other ppl ... lmao ... i'm just gonna leave this alone . thanks for having your own opinion . thanks for sharing it . i have noticed something in experience with super douches . public humiliation works wonders on them . the best way is when you can make fun of them and yourself in front of others so that there is no ... i like this cause ! ! ! but i dont think this will work either . but def ... a method of sterilization . or just focus on those starving ppl * here * who are dying all around us but we are too busy ... i was a infp for one test . but i have a causes to share if its okay ... my cause is green living . but i take it a few points further ... survivalism . prepare for the day the system melts down ... i tell myself i'm a genius and that im unique and that however i'm doing whatever is exactly the way its supposed to be done . it doesnt matter if its true . i dont usually believe it for long ... lmao ! you pretty much found our secret hide out . he keep to ourselves alot . you've probably met us before but didnt know you did . we r diff ppl in public then we r in private . sometimes ... polar ... i should point out the irony in your post . what your saying is that even though it is my nature to do what i do ( meaning thinking about humanity at large ) is what i shouldnt do because it goes ... thanks azure bass ... perhaps , as collectve 83 suggested ... i need to ask myself why more ... and i certainly hope i find what i'm looking for too ... whatever the hell that may be . it ( what i ... i try to make it easy ... i thought the question marks would make it easy to figure out what i was asking . i am certainly losing my touch in the form of written communication . i dont think anyone actually read what i wrote ... lol ... oh well . another dead thread ! i don't bother dealing with ppl like that . my mom is a major negative critic of mine . she watches tv all day and when she sees me writing she's like ... thats not a real job . i told her ... the ... lol i wonder if the question is a little too broad ? like r you wonderng if we identify with it ? or how we feel about it ? or do you you have something specific your looking for to discuss about the ... lol nice ... thanks for that ! guess i'm reviving it ! haha ... oh well . what i said is still valid . whoa ! slow down with assuming that all infj's are like that ! the truth is ... * anyone * can becoming controlling . given enough hurt pain and negative experiences ... everyone is capable of ... hmmm ... i guess thats as good a reason as any . i tend to do that too . i used to defend kids in high school who got picked on alot ... anywho ... i wish i could help more but the situation seems likeee ... sweet ! just the reaction i was hoping for ! wish you well ! hmm ... does anyone else make dcisions based on the greater good of humanity ? not sure how to rly put that into words ... but i was asked whether i strongly agreed down to strongly disagreed ... my teacher asked the class whether we strongly agreed , agreed , no opinion , disagree , or strongly disagreed about the following : ppl who * know * they have a disabling or terminal hereditary / genetic ... nice to meet you ! and congrats on your return from the center of the earth ! :p hope all is well in there ! :p what am i talking about ? ur an infj ! you're built for that ! lmao ... anywho ... i ... lol silent ... i hope you werent bitching about me in all that . honestly , i was rly just joking that * one * time i kinda sorta talked to you on my thread . not that i feel guilty or anything . i ... hmm ... maybe you should find him on facebook and ask him . if it was that serious ( to him it musta been ) he probably still remembers what you did . then you can tell us ! my ex and i went to a movie theater to watch a movie . and we r the only ppl in there . and so my gf ... always the lil rascal ... reaches into my pants and whips me out . she plops me in her mouth ... lol ... i'm not an infp ... but i like to think im close enough . lol here is what helps me . i automatically assume she totally doesnt like me at all . i get it in my head that she wil nvr give me ... i am a middle of the road 5 ' 11 ... if he always turns away when you look at him its cuz he was staring at you . lol but your best best is to just ask him cuz we can see everything in your soul except the fact that you have a crush ... i hate our generation of hedonistic selfish brats . thats probably why my last gf was 56 . and i'm 28 . it didnt work out though ... she turned out to be almost as flakey . and i just couldnt handle ... aww man ... this is like so just half the story ! i wanna know what you did beforehand ! maybe you were talking to a girl he liked . idk if this holds true or not fr anyone else but i used to * hate * ... rah meqqah well , i'm black , white . and puerto rican . so it may not come as a suprise when i say : this was my chosen rap name / stage name . but then , i nvr did want to * actuall * be on stage so i ... well ... far be it for me to buck the wise words of other infj's but ... screw that ... there is nothing wrong with trying to be the best ! ! ! and not excepting less ! however , we do have to let it ... yeah ... i think you should evaluate why you rly want to help her ? i think what you've written tells more about you then her . not saying that you are anything like her , just saying that the things ... lmao ! first ... i must say ... souled in ... omg ... definately . with the only exception being when girls say no . that was a bit too much i'd say . i actually have the opposite experience to that ... i'm an infj with a type 7 enneagram . lol hear that is pretty unique . and it explains why i argue myself to a standstill in nearly every case . lol i also think i'm a genius . i just haven't ... excellent meow ... now thats some worthwhile reading ! i have no concept of the world outside of the us , but my intuition ... lol ... tells me that yeah ... the us education system * is * a joke . and as ... wait ... that guy wasnt my type ! screw him ... lol lmao ... not the kind of responses i was hoping for . poopcicle . hmm ... i was hoping to discuss whether the college experience is of actual merit or not . my choice to go to a stupid college ... oh ... and please please please ! we kindred spirits here ... so would you please be so brave , yet again , to keep us informed of the stutus of everything ? ? ! ! i personally think you are ... personally , as a hopeless romantic ... you have done exactly what i wished i could have done all those years ago . holy jesus , bless your heart ! i'm not even religious but seriously ... that's ... oh ... ok . i won't lie then and be perfectly frank . i think the other guy was better to help you . cuz i think we speak different languages completely . lmao ... as for the last part . about holding ... to continue ... ( my phone has a char limit ... ) maybe that could be useful to someone else in here ? another thing is ... and this was my original idea til it got sideswiped by my previous ... hmm ... i certainly feel the same way , as i expect we all do as infj's . i personally loathe compliments . especially physical or sexually suggestive comments from the opposite sex . i just don't ... i'd love to help and feel rly rly special doing it , but i unfortunately don't understand the question . what is it that you want help with ? can you say it a wee bit clearer ? or bluntly if you ... alright . this will be my first thread so please flame me to the maximum extent so we can get it over with quickly ... i'm sensitive ! anywho ... i attend the university of phoenix in phoenix , ... lol non-infj's opinions ... as for not labeling ... everyone labels . even the certain someones talking about not labeling ppl is labeling those that do label in a round-about fashion . we judge ... oh yeah . curious brings up a good point about not going just to see her . i could said this a whole lot clearer ... ugh mobile phone editing sucks ! anyway , about the meeting ... you could also ... yeah ... i'm a guy . but my advice is valid and in line with the women here . you're dealing with an infj , so you should ask her those questions . you see how some of these girls are getting ruffled ? ... by the way ... i dont think ruthless is actually the right word for it ... i think coldblooded would be more accurate . but when we are happy ... mmm ... its a wonderful , magical experience for all ... first , i am kinda suprised you know so many infj's ... crazy ... but to reply to that i would say hell yeah we'd hide the hurt ! if you have been cut out of our lives , you dont * get * to see how much ... i tested as an infp once or twice ... but my gf rly is an infp ... and she has awesome hair and beautiful eyes ! :D sry for intruding on y'alls party like this ... had to rep it for my lady ! woot ! ... '