' are you me ? ! i still really like fantasy , but the thing is that it has to be really good to be good at all , whereas science fiction can still be stimulating if it's not that great . there's way too ... kim stanley robinson's mars trilogy . i'm on the second one and i'm pretty sure i have a new favorite book . xntp literature for sure , so much brain porn eh , cut it with the false modesty , people . if you're intelligent , you know it , and the standard for that is not compare yourself to einstein . when i get called that , all i say is welp , it's my ... amen to that . i have a somewhat contradictory ambition to living an ascetic lifestyle though , has anyone else experienced this ? like , i live in a one-room studio apartment containing all of my ... i used to be a political activist in a somewhat fringe-y , but not extremist , organization . it has taught me two things : that i am absolutely terrible at that sort of thing and that it is not the time ... shockingly enough , thinkers have feelings too . i'm pretty much a goddamn robot and i'm still in a very feely mood right now , for example . to the extent that i read the title of the thread about hugs ... enfp , definitely . i'd really love to see what it's like being a warm-hearted people person , it's a part of me i wish i was stronger . i don't find the idea of being a sensor appealing at all though . don't just read about the lincoln-douglas debates , read the transcripts themselves . i have seen very few politicians speak with such clarity , straightforwardness , reason and balance , and certainly ... seems like a fairly classic melancholy / sanguine / phlegmatic / choleric typing . which is quite useful to tack on to mbti nonetheless , so hey , handy ! while i don't think it's very strange , it might look weird . it keeps your mouth open , and unfortunately that makes most people look stupid because normally , sitting open-mouthed is an expression of ... i don't like blue at all . my favorite colors are grey , black , white and brown . and tan . they're clean , simple and unobtrusive . i'm clearly true neutral . it's not hard , you guys are just ... it means you're a more mature and complete person than people who , for some reason , consider being a walking stereotype to be a worthwhile goal . some people have less strict tendencies towards ... oh yeah , i think most of us do that . for me at least , art in general is definitely less about the experience of beauty or craftsmanship and more about taking it apart and looking for meanings , ... if it's about something personal or feely , then i try to calm the situation and mediate , if that fails , i run for the hills . if it's about an ideological , theoretical or ethical problem and the ... i did , once , several years ago , while unimaginably drunk . i felt horrible afterwards . never came clean , and i broke off the relationship a few months later . to be honest it was a symptom of being ... i mostly do depraved things to words using my mouth or a keyboard . i've been told i also have a talent for accents , imitating voices , public speaking and , well , things related to talking . good thing ... love . i've never had any interest in material wealth , i barely spend any money as it is . books are cheap and all i'd miss if my income suddenly dropped would be buying nice clothes , but i can live ... i use we when it's things that are defining aspects of the type of person i'm talking about . for example , saying we tend to take a theoretical approach to problems about intp's is fine imo ... i find the idea of trying mdma both interesting and repellent . one one hand , i just want to know what it's like since it's apparently so different to my everyday experience , but on the other hand the ... i read fiction and non-fiction in roughly equal amounts . fiction : postmodern , metamodern , experimental literature and other artsy-fartsy stuff . not necessarily currently experimental , it's enough ... i haven't added an avatar for myself on this forum because , while i realize people don't remember the usernames of pictureless posters , i kind of enjoy the anonymity . if you want to manipulate an intp , stroke his / her intellectual ego . it has to be a discussion because that's our primary mode of forming opinions . you can't appeal to most conventional emotions , but ... i spent 3 years of my life running around as a political activist on the programme side of things , debating , educating , writing , helping with organization and whatnot . those are my favorite things in ... isfp's are some of my favorite people to smoke weed with . they show me beautiful art and music that i'm not very good at finding on my own or appreciating when i'm sober . also , good taste in ... remember , preference ! = ability . it's not that they can't think in abstract terms , it's that they don't particularly like to .  ... which is probably actually worse when it comes to the communication ... huh , for me it's the opposite . people have told me they appreciate my calm and how i'm really good with crises . then again , i'm a far cry from the stereotypical monotone , i speak very expressively ... i don't get the appeal . i can't even think of them as pets , they're just wild animals you happen to cage and own . i've always had dogs though and i'm a huge dog person , so i do need a connection with ... oh yes , seconding this . the man is absolutely brilliant and doesn't get nearly enough love . if you're looking for metamodernism , there you have it , distilled and pure . reading his books takes you on ... if anything , i'd love to have been born later . being a teenager when the internet was new was pretty great , but modern teenagers are having an absolute blast . they're idiots , of course , but so is ... exactly this . if you're a young gay man in the american deep south with istj tendencies , you'll simply have to end up suppressing one or the other while growing up because there's an irreconcilable ... which is why i said if you think the concept of evil is valid . not getting into that minefield of a topic ... because that's what the word evil was invented to describe , i'd suppose - ... the line is fluid , really . the main difference is that sociopaths are capable of emotional attachment to other individuals . they still don't have any notion of right or wrong . if the difference is ... this . if you're looking at evolution , any line of reasoning that says they're here to ... is missing the point , it should be they're here because . evolutionary processes take place for a reason , ... only female intp i know is naturally blonde .  ... she dyes her hair red . i think you might be on to something . ah yes , the returning soldier effect . not nearly as significant as you'd think . the straight dope : are more male babies born after wars ? and in any case - you're practically proposing lamarckian ... keep in mind the idea of introspection verbalized in writing , the most natural thing in the world to inxp's , seems to be completely alien to the average esfj , so they stay well away from forums like ... mother nature doesn't really try to do anything , but i get your point . why would * paths work to remove non-beneficial genes , though ? as mentioned in the video , a vast majority aren't violent . if ... dear esfj , it's not that i don't like you . i don't have anything against you , per se , and certainly no grudges or reasons to cultivate negative emotions . it's just that whenever you're in the ... what do you mean ? psychopaths frankly terrify me . if the term evil has any meaning , psychopaths are it , and the most scary part is that they're not necessarily cruel . i feel it does say a lot about the way our ... dear entj , chill the fuck out for a while , would you ? i know you have big goals and all , it's great and i admire it . thing is , there are other things in life as well and you're an intolerable ... so , um , is this still the politics thread ? broadly left-wing / egalitarian - socially liberal , economically socialist , politically a believer in direct democracy . i don't vote because there is ... huh , i actually pay a lot of attention to the way i dress , and somehow managed to develop a fairly conservative taste despite it not fitting my nature . i almost never wear things like cargo pants or ... as long as you actually have the need and budget to keep such a position , i'd say the best types for it would be entp for a proactive , energetic advisor who feeds you ideas for improvement , and intj ... thought : a lot of intp's in this thread seem to express a strong preference for sex in monogamous relationship over casual sex . isn't this sort of an extension of the way we relate to people in ... probably an xntp thing , i certainly feel similarly . we're probably on equal footing as the types that attach the most value to our views and knowledge , so i guess it's natural that we like being in ... this is an untitled bit of writing . it's not exactly about me , the voice isn't mine - more of a highly exaggerated version of myself - and it's not about something or someone specific in my life , but ... read it . i didn't like woman , it put me off fowles for a while . since then i've read the magus ( excellent , but much more of a literary tapestry to be savored than a raw emotional experience ) and this ... the ability to swiftly think , analyze , conceptualize etc . is a gift , what is a curse is the overwhelming compulsion to do so all the time . chalk me up for that crowd , i'm well past 17 but i went through a massive identity crisis at exactly your age . of course , it is a common age for that in general , might not be an intp thing . '