' my older brother is an intp and i love him dearly . he's probably one of the biggest role models in my life ... but i would never tell him that . his ego doesn't need feeding and i don't think he'd know ... apologies for the semi-smirk . i rarely smile in photos because it looks a bit goofy ! : laughing : 699858 i'm trying to see both sides to this , but it's hard when i agree so strongly with her opinion . the other girl is selfish . she is a shitty friend for abandoning her best friend for a boy that she's ... for someone who has spent a majority of her life with male friends , it's ... oddly comforting to be living with six other females . don't get me wrong , i love those boys back home , and it took me a ... should've known things were getting too good to be true . saturday night would have been amazing , but the universe always has other plans . there better be a damn good reason for this , universe . i - moderate n - very f - slightly to moderate p - very i watch geordie shore and i fucking love it . their one liners and commentary makes it so worth . i want to be friends with you . i do . but you infuriate me with how up-and-down you treat me . can you just move on and get over this , please ? what happened to that drive for change , that enthusiasm for life ? at what point did i go from confident and energetic , to moody and withdrawn ? i've been thinking too much and doing too little ... they're wonderful , caring , and devoted friends that have always had my back and were prepared to stand up for me : even when i wasn't around to witness it . their loyalty is super appreciated ... ... why 100 % agree . i've got a life to be living , adventures to be having . the need to constantly communicate and reassure them becomes a hindrance , especially when there's other real things drawing my ... in theory , heaps of people might think they're capable , but remember that there's always individual circumstances and situations which complicate long distance relationships . i've been in a long ... dear b , there are so many things i want to say to you . proud , frustrated , brutally honest things that would absolutely ruin our friendship . starting with : you are a coward . a dishonest , selfish , ... dear p , i don't know where to begin , possibly because i don't understand how i feel . you were chosen because you were unavailable : the words temporary never had to be said , boundaries never had ... yep , i've messed around with tarot cards before , and found that you really just read into them what you already know ( but had yet to acknowledge ) . like the zodiac signs ( and mbti ) , they're not ... i know things like your zodiac sign and even mbti aren't actually that useful as predictors of personality . that the accuracy is mostly due to confirmation bias and the barnum effect , and you ... my god we're a friendly bunch , aren't we . she is definitely interested in you ! seems to me like the wouldn't still be napping comment was meant as a joke , not a rejection . that's possible , actually ! go into your about section and change the privacy on your settings for your birthday to only me . i'm feeling too shy to change my profile picture on facebook . it needs to be done , because it features my ex and it just sends the wrong message . i've moved on with my life and it'd probably stop ... it irritates me to no end when i cannot figure myself out , above anyone else . i am not sure whether to be impressed or concerned with my apathy as of late . perhaps i can be more rational than i ever ... happier news : i'm determined to travel , and i'm determined to do it alone . i've found some ways that i can achieve it after ( and hopefully during , if all goes well ) study , even though nz laws about ... i swear boys have some built-in radar that detects when you've stopped thinking about them . what are you playing at , hm ? whatever feelings i have for you aren't exactly overwhelming ; you're just ... i know certain european countries aren't considered prude-ish , but is it normally to the point that they have no shame ? the only people i know who don't give a crap if you walk in on them naked , ... is that because i am pretending to be unaware , and letting him believe he's in control ? or is there another reason ? you're a monster : confused : does knowing that you're an alcoholic open up the possibility of taking a step towards control , though ? surely those who are aware of their alcoholism are more likely ... is it still considered being deceived / manipulated if you know that it's happening ? don't fall for that shit bumfuzzle , he's only after one thing . except i know he's after one thing . i know that ... if the only thing that held us together was your belief that i was incapable of making mistakes and that yours weren't also relationship ruining ? then i'm not the only hypocrite here . at least i ... befriend someone tonight that i've never / rarely talked to before . i'm going to that party to socialise and i'll be damned if i ain't leaving without at least one new buddy ! i made the mistake of looking through old photos on my ipod , completely ignorant of the fact that i had ones of my ex . not just snapchats filled with innocently cute remarks , but photos with romantic ... i love this so much ! it's a natural kind of positivity that just enjoys life for what it is . gossiper , in my eyes , is just someone who discusses personal information about another - normally with someone unrelated to the event - whether knowing it to be true or not true . i'll be honest , ... i had the same thoughts ! that plus we'll get some good memes out of him . so , i'm the type of person that likes to look for the good in unfortunate situations . i thought it'd be interesting to hear other people's positive interpretations of any bad experiences ( whether big ... i wish i understood reactions and feelings in the moment haha ! but nope , gotta take a time out and assess / analyse the situation ( and myself ) to figure out what's going on . what type was your last relationship ? what caused the break-up ? what did you learn from it ? esfp . we broke up because we'd been together from a young age , and didn't want to look back in ten years ... well , drunk bumfuzzle made out with four guys in one night at the clubs on saturday . and while hooking up in clubs is normalised and encouraged amongst my peers , i've always felt guilty about it ... ah yes , emotionally detaching yourself is probably a little easier than a break-up haha ! distancing yourself and distractions are definitely still viable answers :) oh yeah , that's always a problem haha . i don't know many people who can just switch that off immediately ! it does require a bit of willpower ( and it can be hard at first ) , but you'll be better off ... that's when blocking comes in . and if that's not an option , then completely ignoring them works just as easily . you can't control their actions but you can control yours . applying for jobs waaay out of my comfort zone will either end really good or really bad ... and knowing me , there's a high chance of it being the latter hahah . though i've always wanted to learn how ... it's probably about time that i stopped delaying and introduced myself ! i'm an infp from new zealand , with an obvious habit of putting exclamation marks at the end of sentences ( periods just seem ... i'm in the process of moving on from a break-up myself , so have i got a wall of text for you * rubs hands together * the first step : cut all contact . don't message them . don't ask about them . don't ... hi and welcome to the forums ! what hobbies / activities do you enjoy ? :) welcome to the forums ! hope you enjoy your stay :) welcome andy ! look forward to seeing you around the forums : happy : i'm generally perceived as someone who doesn't like physical affection ( false ) / people invading my personal space ( partly-true ) , doesn't like discussing personal problems that are emotionally intense ... seeing him face-to-face for the first time since we'd broken up surprisingly wasn't painful . our conversations kind of just fell back into place , we hugged goodbye multiple times , and things didn't ... it's hard to tell you what's going on , without hearing the other person's side . everyone has their flaws and i'm well aware of the holier than thou vibe that you're talking about , but just remember ... '