we met on the beach in person , we've also skyped while he was working in uniform so he's definitely not lying lol . thank you for your concern ! hi all ! kinda have been thinking for awhile and i just wanted some other isfj input for advice . i met an amazing guy and it turns out he's in the u . s . air force . i don't know much about all of that ... homophobia to be eliminated and people's sexualities to be accepted 1 . what's your age / age range ? i'm almost 19 ! 2 . where are you located ? ( city , state , country , region ) massachusetts 3 . what's your current occupation / job / career ? working at victoria's secret ... planning on working in sonography ! ( ultrasound ) i only get super physical quickly with people i know won't work out ( stupid really , i dont do it anymore ) , and take it slow with people i actually see a future with , so take it as a compliment i ... odd question but ... from my specific partners , it's definitely infp lol greatheights i actually had originally guessed his personality type as enfj because he seemed so in touch with his emotions and those of others . thank you for your advice , i'll keep in mind some ... so , i notice a lot of hate on the entjs in the relationship aspect for isfjs . i just started dating an entj , and i feel like it's going really well and we understand parts of each other that not a ... emprize we were easy communicators at first , but after a few dates and meeting his friends i realized that he's not compatible with me the way i would prefer . i slowly disappeared but i'm trying ... i found this ironic because i came onto this thread right after just being on tinder lol . i use it but it's not really serious . for me , the guys on tinder aren't exactly ... my type lol , so it's more ... are isfj less sexually permissive ? i'm very open to explore new things with my partner , but i obviously wouldn't do things i'm uncomfortable with . if it feels good , it feels good , so i'm up for ... huge mega nerd in national honors society and was in ap classes . very perfectionistic and would stress myself out . but now i can see there was no reason to be so obsessed with good grades when i was ... this entire post is what i signed up for . screw isfj stereotypes dear intj , even though we're stereotypically ( in the mbti world ) supposed to hate each other , you are the most wonderful and amazing person in my life and i could never ask for a better best ... everything . literally everything pisses me off lol . i'm like the freaking hulk or something . ( am i becoming more of an istj ? lol ) my last boyfriend was entj . i loved him to no end , but a situation came up and we couldn't continue seeing each other as much as we wanted to . i honestly didn't understand how we ended up as a couple ... ahhh i love infjs ! one of my best friends is one and my first boyfriend was as well . i find it really easy to get along with infjs , because we seem to agree on a lot of things socially and morally ... 1 . personally , i don't like the stereotype that comes with the isfj name . that we're all fluffy , quiet , cute little babies who wouldn't harm a fly and all that other flowery crap . ( this may apply to ... i've only been in a long-term relationship with an infj and an entj , but i really admire istjs and would want to date one if i had the chance ! my main goal is not to cry over how much debt i'll be in when i start college in the fall : unsure : but other than that , i'm going to try to practice playing the guitar so that i play better ! i had a very similar experience a while back , but i actually did date them for a short time . from an isfj perspective , there's something obviously holding her back . no offense but there must be ... ditto ... this is so me it hurts i'm pretty sure if my family were to write one characteristic down about me , they'd put one word . stubborn . i don't know .. i don't really see that as stereotypical isfj behavior , but one isfj isn't like another . i think that if you already have to go on a website and ask a bunch of strangers what they ... i live and breathe rock music . most of its subgenres too . some of my favorite bands in no particular order : red all time low of mice & men chevelle blink 182 goo goo dolls green day seether how do i deal with heavy emotion ? well to put it simply .. i don't . lol yes i have . it's difficult to keep to yourself and go your own pace when your family member is crazy about it and every conversation you have with them incorporates religion . i even tried to ... i'm also planning on being a pharmacist ! everything about the career seems made for me right now i'm currently living with my mom who is an extremely religious mormon , so to keep peace within the house i pretend to be one until i move out in a couple months . i personally don't like ... passive aggressiveness . i tend to be hurt by others , letting anger build until the last straw , then it's lots of yelling and crying i'm a little in between about it . i'm all for equal rights between everyone , because we all deserve that . but some of the feminists ( mostly the radical ones ) take it to the next level and it's ... i like it ! i mean , i consider myself pretty weird in the isfj family since i'm not as flowery like the majority seems to be . but i think it fits many isfjs ! i like the other mbti squares too :) ... i'm underage so i've only drank twice and i was in my house so it wasn't anything crazy . i just was curious to see what it was like . i don't think i'll be a big drinker when i grow up but more of a ... gender : female hair color : brunette hair style : long , usually loose curls or straight eye shape : almond shaped and big ? eye color : blue / grey glasses : only at night when i drive personal ... i'm probably too nice and too mean all at once . i'm nice to those who are sensitive and blunt with those who aren't . i never really worry about being nice or not because i don't care lol i actually did this to someone in the past . it almost is the exact situation really , but i was not in a good place in my life , so instead of trying to resolve it ( like your boyfriend seems to be ... i'm a bit on the same boat as you right now . a relationship of mine ended back in may and it's still making me lose my mind , because i so desperately want to get over him , but i always end up ... right now i really enjoy chemistry , art , and psychology . pretty cool subjects in my opinion haha personally , i'm an honors student , in ap classes throughout high school and just got accepted to the honors college of the college i'll be attending next year . i think it's incredibly stupid to group ... i'm joining the party late but i get really passionate about subjects like these , so i just had to respond haha . i'm still a teenager ( 17 years old ) , so some may argue what i experience is ... hello lovely fellow isfjs ! i apologize if a thread similar to this has already been made , and i'm sure it has , but i'm curious to know your opinions and thoughts on this subject . as many of you ... i feel kind of like the hulk . i'm literally always angry , whether i'm aware of it or not . i hold in pent up anger all the time over almost everything , and once my body and mind can't hold it anymore ... i define someone as clingy when they get too attached in a very annoying way . someone who wants to know what i'm doing all the time and where i'm going and who im hanging out with . also someone who ... sorry this might be a bit long but i truly am curious and feel a little bad ! ! if you don't feel like reading though , just let me know your thoughts about your loyalty and if your limits can be ... weight and personality type are extremely unlikely to be related . one istj i know is overweight , but i know another who is anorexic , and 3 who are completely normal . i don't think overweightness and ... personally i complain so frequently because i'm overwhelmed and it helps just bitching about it . or , i'm trying to fill in awkward gaps in conversations and i complain about things i know the other ... i'm curious if any other isfjs can relate to this . i generally assume things about ... well everything . i assume my friends don't have a problem if they look and act normal , or until they come to me ... i'm not sure if i can really relate to this to be honest . i listen to the advice i'm given . in the situation , if my back was acting weird i'd listen to the person giving me information ( whoever it is ... oh my gosh that's fantastic hahah i absolutely love fall out boy and my chemical romance too , music is so important to me . i recently saw fob in concert , never got to see mcr though D: we seem like ...