this thread is dead but , watching the show some more , i think i have a theory for the types of the youngest children . like , evan ( the youngest ) gives me a tj vibe ( leaning on istj / duty fulfiller ) ... i saw her clc obsession more like her trying to take some te control . i mean , she went from working ( well , helping ) in her brother's store to becoming a housewife in a , for most of the day , almost ... i'll have to disagree . when she first moved to florida , all she wanted was to go back to her old life and couldn't understand why her husband would move when their old life was already alright ... is it too soon to type the fresh off the boat characters ? personally , i think the only ones that aren't / that / developed are the youngest children + the grandma . jessica huang is obviously an estj ... boogiestomp as a ne inferior who spends a good deal of time daydreaming , i can assure you that inferior functions aren't necessarily unused . while you can use your inferior in a good way , think ... fi doms / auxs are extremely aware of how they feel , but prefer to deal with those feelings in private . when they communicate , they might come off as blunt . well , not exactly . more like their feelings ... if you can't figure out your dominant function , try figuring out your inferior . how do you act when you're stressed ? does your brain start firing all the way things could possibly go wrong ? or do you ... what kind of si dom doesn't care about the past ? or is able to look at it objectively ? si is a subjective function and what is subjective here is our perception of our experiences . then , i really really really doubt you're a si dom / an istj . from this , your apparent use of te and preference towards introversion , i'd say you're most likely an intj . at the very least , you can be ... mannierox hmmm , you obviously use te , but i can't really tell whether you use si or ni . to me , it was painfully obvious that i didn't use ni in the least , but everyone is different . let me ask you ... i think fi / se is right . i really can't see the outporing of ne that high ne users are known for . just fi is certainly noticeable and so is your se , but i can't see a hint of ne . maiohmy i think that for most of the movie she's on a si-fi loop , but you can see the te in the way she just shots down anna's engagement . no softening , no sugar coating , just no . none of her ... i lean a lot on se based on this post . i think the dislike of ' idle fantasizing ' pretty much rules out ne . sounds like a si description to me ( details , tells it how it is , etc ) i think this is te ( not breaking down , but rather focusing on what happened independently and looking for solutions ) ... winterlust i wonder how much of our type we really develop in childhood . in my case , i wasn't at all like a istj . i was very sensitive and hated to see anyone hurting , even if they ' deserved ' it ... mazekhaleesi i really think mariana is more of an extrovert . she loves attention and doesn't seem as restrained or shy as the other introverted characters , which i know is not that big of a deal ... he's not really that mean , though he certainly can be . honestly , i'd never do any of that ( what's the point of talking to someone to make fun of them later ? ) because i'd feel too bad and care too ... everything points to istj for me , but then some other facets of his personality contradict that ? i'll give a rundown of his personality . he still lives in his childhood home ( well , the last house he ... i think esfj is possible i disagree that brandon is an intj . he cares a lot about pleasing and not disappointing his parents ( fe ) and , before callie , it was said he never broke the rules ( si ) i agree he's an introvert and ... i thought so , but i don't think she rambles as much as a ne dom and her train of thought doesn't derail and crash as much as they say of them ( which is to say it's easy to follow ) also , her ' crazy ... cmart animalfromthesea you are both probably right , thank you ! ! it was just that i was looking through some ixtj forums and it really struck me how cutting and dry some could be and i was just like ... she sounds a lot like me in many of these points and i'm only a year older . aside that she seems more decisive than me ( and i did quit ballet , though it was half because it was a small studio and i ... i think you might be right . she just seemed ne for me with how some her videos seemed all over the place , though now that i think about it , she is more focused than what you'd expect of a ne dom . ... while , i think i'm rather a te-fi user , i find that i filter . i am not usually blunt and if i find that something i do upsets or bothers someone , i will stop and never do it again . i thought this ... i'm extremely curious as to what her type is and i'm still not good at recognizing the types in real life , so i can you use all the help i can get . i think she once said she was an infp , but i was ... i'm sorry i know you said you'd like to put an end to the conversation , but how does a life of constantly restraining yourself and fearing that your mere existence is wrong and dangerous , a ' pretty ... except she didn't run from her responsabilities for the hell of it ? she didn't do it because she found being a queen stiffling or anything , but because she was afraid of the past repeating itself ... to be honest , the main thing that has made me doubt my type is that i don't feel as cut and dry as some istjs i've seen . also , that i've always held very ' open-minded ' views which clash a lot with ... as an istj , i'm going to have to fight your claim that she ' can't be a t because the way she fled was completely idiotic . ' it's important to note that istjs don't have inferior fi . our fi , while ... i've seen people type her as istj and it makes a lot of sense to me . here's one in depth typing explaining her use of the functions : funky mbti in fiction âx80 ¢ frozen : elsa [ istj ] introverted sensing ... i think you can also see the si in jason in how much he cares about rules and his respect for authority . i'm not sure about frank overall , but i really don't see him as an extrovert much less a ... i'll be honest and say that i'm only curious to see if this questionnaire brings something to light . 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a ... emberfly i don't mean higher self-esteem necessarily , anyone can have low self-esteem , but that i've found ni preferrers to be surer of themselves than si ones , who have all the different ways ... emberfly okay , i might be wrong since my understanding of the functions is not as in depth as yours probably is and in no way perfect , but wouldn't seeing your ideas as an extension of yourself a ... witchy_fingers though not really how i would answer , i think you do seem a lot like an istj . probably more istj than me , to be honest . personally , i find that i'm completely unaware of my surroundings since i spend most of the time zoned out . for example , i go to a youth group every week and , up until a few weeks ago , i didn't even ... well , i suppose infp might really be a possibility since i really have a hard time exuding the te bluntness / decisiveness . also , i've heard that infps tend to project felings to inanimate things which ... i agree percy doesn't use a lot of ni , but i think his te is also really weak . he pretty much relies on his first two functions and , while very impulsive , i don't think his main driving force is se ... yeah , i've had some people tell me that i might be confusing si / inferior ne ( basically being an istj ) with being a six , which is what got me rethinking . honestly , i don't think fe users are fake ... you think ? when i first got into this , i was pretty sure i used te , but i rarely am blunt and would mostly rather not start anything ( aka keep my mouth shut ) . i mean i've noticed the occasional te ... if i want to feel good / at peace with myself , i have to be authentic . this doesn't mean that i find the former fake or anything , just that my feeling of harmony depends on me . for the record , i don't ... i agree that jace doesn't use a lot of ni , but i really think being on a loop might explain that . i mean he shows a lot of both te ( his room being extremely organized , best at battle strategy , very ... i think clary is definitely isfp . the way she sees the world is so ... physical , for lack of a better word . like , everything about her is visual ( she once said she sees the world in pictures or ... i'm going to add my two cents and say that i think percy is definitely an isfp . throughout the series , i feel like his main driving force is his fi . plus , he doesn't really strike me as an extrovert ... i'm almost convinced i am an istj , but now i'm doubting it . so , i'm going to give this another try . 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? my daydreaming is almost ... so , i already have a thread on my type here , but since it was inconclusive and not on this community , i figured i should give it another go . i filled out a questionnaire in a socionics forum and ...