' what are your thoughts ? i'm guessing you are thinking infj . what's your thought process ? could be infj , i get an isfj vibe from him . super cute ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6EjJsPylEOY i think a key people are missing is that this test should be administered to kids . it's not fair to say you could wait no problem now ... i hope you could wait for a marshmallow as an adult ! lol . thanks for the info . also , random thought , i appreciate that i can ask a question like that here in this section without getting ripped apart for not searching for the answer myself . :) what does it mean when i see ' retired ' below a members name ? how do you become retired ? and do you get a pension ? : laughing : + 1 that's me too . larry david ... i can actually understand that ... haha ewan is a sexy dude ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lca0v6mVLN8 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SLEqH00nQac can you link to the posts you are talking about ? i'm curious . as to your question i don't feel any thing negative about istps the first thing i noticed is the changing lighting on the guys faces . as a photography nerd it makes me question the photographers motives . i then read the note and it makes sense . i'm sure the ... i think religion is irrational . i believe scientific method has shown us that there are rational ways of explaining the complex and strange things in the universe . maybe we will never understand ... people who misuse the word sexism and racism to emotionally charge their argument or bully . that's interesting . reminds me of a conversation i had with my mother in law . after experiencing something new . me : so what did you think , did you like it ? her : it was different ... me : but ... just wanted to share an interview i enjoyed ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bP4twN7187g&feature=player_embedded i'd lie about the textbooks . i'd come clean about my naughty behaviour . i'd kill the 10 . photography isn't reality , it never has been . it's art . the purpose of which is to depict beauty . beauty is an ideal not a thing so it can never be displayed . the closest we get is for an artist ... it's possible , although it's not hard to take a straight out of camera bad shot of someone . what if the photog puts you into a pose that hides some pimples and makes you look slimmer ? is ... it goes deeper than airbrushing interesting , where would you draw the line , what do you think about photo manipulation ? as a person who uses photoshop to alter people i don't see it as an ... http://farm8.staticflickr.com/7248/7444363262_8dedb3703e_o.jpg http://farm9.staticflickr.com/8014/7444363538_c3b1ab9181_o.jpg beautiful family ! :) i do blush easily . i always have . it's annoying . check it out , it'll teach you how to be more photogenic and how to take better pics of people ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qe3oJnFtA_k what the hell . go post some photos in the stickied art thread yo . i'm an auto tech . this forum has many fuctions for people . it's entertainment , a place to get hugs when you're feeling down , a place to be silly and express your whackyness that you feel you can't express in other ... did i make a comment that was counter to what you said there ( underlined part ) because that's what i thought i was saying for the last four pages . : laughing : in fact i agree with everything in this ... and you probably want to feel the same way in return ? there are a lot of nice , smart guys that are looked over because they lack confidence or are over weight and just lack the qualities that ... i wasn't insulted or anything . :) i just understand it is a complex situation that i can't explain properly . it was more of a please don't assume i don't understand there is a lot more to the story ... this one is for horribleaesthete henry miller love that quote from tropic of cancer . yes . why is it funny or ridiculous ? it's a complex topic that deserves more than personal anecdotes and banter . if you start watching the videos you'll see they are very entertaining . i might ... i'm sorry . i'm a horrible communicator . i was implying all that when i said pair bonding . here is maybe the most informitive thing i have ever watched on humans . it explains ... it is the sad truth i believe . : shocked : i was lucky enough to hook up with an infj early in life and we have stayed together despite my pussy like demeanor ( boy , i wonder how many people i ... no , i don't think you are terrible at communicating at all . : happy : the 6w7 thing is enneagram stuff here is a linkaroo ... how the enneagram personality system works i would write more but ... i find guessing someones type from a video much easier than from text . make a video and post it in the gentle honest mistype thread or in the video thread . we have a video response thread that we ... the balconies http://vimeo.com/43988311 hmmm , the only thing that comes to mind is that when i traveled to banff i noticed a lot of people in the service industry there are from other places and get jobs there so they can spend time there ... i don't think it is technically but it's boarderline ... i do identify more with the gen xers though . i was nirvana loving grunge kid who wore plaid back in the day . i still have trouble sending ... okay , here is one i hope you all really like . the weakerthans . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zp_WLa6yoTw here is one of my favorite songs ... ... i'm actually drawing a blank as to how old i am ... 27 i think ... is that old ? i was obsessed with siamese dream when it came out . i never put any thought into it but i always got a fi vibe from billy ... i'll have to put some more thought into it . better your kid is a bully than he gets bullied , i always say . dear work , please be kind to me today . signed a tired infj . i ... must ... resist ... urge ... to ... impart ... all ... my new parent knowledge to you right this second ! haha ... i've always been enthralled and amazed by babies and children , but it ratched ... i am fucking tired . i spent all last night driving home from a wake . 1.5 hour drive turned into a 3 hour drive because of a fussy bear in the back seat . edit : changed ... because of a fussy ... that's awesome ! ! ! congratualations ! i'm so excited for you . is it your first ? that and an enneagram type 6 fear of being misunderstood . ;) i do agree with your original assessment by the way . :) he just took it and got isfp ... i was close . haha , i just asked one of my oldest best friends to take the mbti test and he said i was going to , but it's like 70 questions long ... wow thanks buddy . : rolleyes : haha he then sent me a song of ... i wasn't trying to insinuate it was intellegence related . i hope it didn't come off that way . '