' i'd go entp or infj . i am 100 % you are n-dom and have a prominient fe . and btw ... i really identified with you ! ! ! like ... a lot xd well , i'm quite shitty when it comes to evaluating my self lol ... lol , it took me an year and a half to properly fit in ( although i didn't fit in . i just accepted the fact that i was not going to and i just kinda went with it ) . my freshman year was kinda shit ... lol , good ! you got me ! i think infj or xnfp although i can see the predominant fe in lots of these characters , you could be easily xnfp . mine are ( i have a shit ton of favourites so ... here is a small fraction of it ... i think i am prone to be a dog person . but either one is fine for me . no . after reading this it kinda got on my head . because it sounded like him . but i think he is either isfp or infp . cleanin out my closet and the way i am are very fi-dom lyrics . oooh , okay :D but don't apologise . you have nothing to feel sorry for :) as a 4w5 core type , it made completely sense to me . now i am wondering if j . k rowling is either 4w5 or 5w4 or wether eminem is either 4w5 or 4w3 . in my understanding , any type can be both . however , if you go analyse the functions , the most likely archetypes to be pragmatic ( result-driven ) would be the ones who have either n or t as a primary ... lol , okay . good :D but you weren't completely wrong . the fact is that luna has a very tricky personality , and typing her as an infp isn't really a mistake . it is more like a close call . i used to ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wczFwAEQ-hs https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S9bCLPwzSC0 well , i don't know about fleur . but you are probably right xd lol , s inferior bro ... and there is the gender variant xd men are notorious brainfarters about this xd lol , no ! ! ! i am implying that the attitudes he take is because of cowardice , not because fi xd sorry if it sounded like that . i am a huge fi user btw . it would be kinda self-destructive to say that ... lol . sam l jackson owning it ! breaking my mbti stereotype infj stereotype : mr / mrs perfect who gets straight a's in school and everyone loves him / her mr : my teachers like me , but my average grade is c because i didn't really ... lol no wonder . you're welcome . and don't worry , i won't hesitate haha ;) and thanks , samuel l jackson is always badass lol hi , i'm not here to ask for you to pray for me , but i really appreciate your initiative and i really appreciate the fact that you are being so kind and amorous . thank you for doing this to people ... oooh , but still , the mother theresa i am speaking of was isfj and people type her as infj . maybe you're right . specially in the part that i bolded . but i think that wanting or not , what really matters to him is his own survival . because he is a coward . so i still think that he could be fi , ... i don't get your point ... are you saying that there are literally more than one mother theresa ( many people with the same name ) , or that there are other isfj's , like mother theresa , that are mistyped ... how do isfj's feel when pretentious infj's say that mother theresa isn't isfj ? because sometimes that really pisses me off xd it seems like every good natured person in the world must be infj to the ... i had some trouble with him to . but i thought that peter pettigrew always thought of him , and what he felt and what mattered to him . therefore , fi primary . and as odd as this seems , harry is an isfp ... don't worry about me getting offended , i am not . i'm actually really interested in our conversation . well , i think that people actually don't think anything most of the times when i use my ti ... basically leonardo dicaprio's life with a couple of twists . i want to have a sparkling career in film , be an environmentalist , be a humanitarian and have a good , happy and meaningful life in general . lol , i am sure of it . by the way . fe was really close to ni . i already left the page , but i believe that the scores were : 1 - ni : 39.5 2 - fe : 36 . something 3 - fi : 35.5 4 - ne : either 34 . something ... i think isfp . he really seems fi primary to me . logically speaking , yes . and btw , when i am doing something and someone phones my house and tells me to leave a message to somebody , i always forget . because to me , that moment barely made it into my ... what if its ? what makes you think it is impossible ? btw : i took the test . my ti got 3 points less than my fe . as well as ne got 4 points less than ni . the result was infj . but ne and ti were ... that is extremely good . congratulations . this is in order : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z571ByeNbPQ any insights on the wings ? my daydream = 90 % of my day . if you ever watched bones , i am pretty much like nigel . a skeleton had an arrow craved in it's rib cage and as i am speaking about those arrows , i am going through all ... yes , sir . according to the infj's functions , this type is more likely than the other types to write longer sentences and have a richer vocabulary , even if the enunciator is foreign . like me :) i ... in general , yes . infj's are procrastinators . ni primary means that we focus on what's important to our heads , which gives us lower se , which means we simply don't really care of whats going on in the ... i am extremely cold and calculating . but i personally think that this depends on the person . for instance : my enneatype in 4w5 ( which can become calculating , no doubt about that ) 1w9 ( which , ... yes , but sorting means putting the individual where he belongs , according to his strongest personal characteristics , even though of the possibility of those being misleading . and you can't exactly ... not necessarily . the description given in the books are a overall strive for knowledge and enlightenment . the quirky part can be attributed to any house , standing out is gryffindor , and the being ... what super-hero are you which animal would you pick as your pet ? - bat - spider - any from asgard , my home land - i come from a planet that exploded , therefore i don't know any animals from earth . not really . he isn't afraid of the world . i bet that if sherlock was a real dude he would hate the world . why ? because everyone is slow . beating boredom isn't a coping mechanism because he isn't ... but in the books ( and bbc ) sherlock is completely deprived of sx and he is in no way concerned with danger + he isn't at all cautious . and he plays the violin and he is deeply in touch with art and ... i got quite surprised by spotlight , i could tell morgan freeman was surprised as well . lol , but it isn't really wrong though . it was more likely for the revenant , but mad max was brilliant , plus ... yes , i am sure that i will be quite surprised with the winners . lol , fixed the blue . btw , thanks for that ( the part that i bolded ) , and yes i agree with your opinions . i tried to swallow my personal opinion and remain unbiased . otherwise , it would be just my ... title pretty much says it all . my predictions for today ( red is the winner , blue is my second choice and the rest are the nominees . the other nominees are in alphabetical order ): best motion ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yNodZNUZ8Ss infj , neutral good . although i got chaotic good sometimes . oh , okay thanks a lot man ! : wink : i don't see as pointless to argue , but yes you could make strong arguments for both . and what you said about jk is pure ni , not ne . ne acts differently . she would kind of debate about it , or ... oh , okay . interesting , what if i am in between ? what does that change ? i think i am predominantly reactive , but i am mostly 50/50 . but if i needed to type my nature between balanced and ... '