' * ocean sounds * * seaguls * oh fuck me he asked a question did .. did they really just say that ? let me help you you stubborn asshole one day i'm gonna break that shell and it'll be beautiful ... my best friend is an istp and hes one crazy dude . it's kind of a symbiotic thing going on , he helps me take risks and do stuff that i normally wouldn't and i help him from getting too far up shit ... i hate it , i wanna be insensitive and stuff . wah ! make that 5 when you break ties with someone you love to hurt them less now than you would in the end dear now ex enfp girlfriend , ... are there any personalities that you have a lot of trouble getting along with ? esfps just rub me the wrong way ... no idea why dear world , fuck you and fuck off . sincerely , me blue , abstract tan , sensitive tan mine is the space core from portal 2 , i chose it cause he funny and the dude just wants to go to space . it's kind of a joke between me and my friends because i would never shut up about space and ... i need help taking risks and not being overprotective of my friends http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=INMfbJfmqzg i wanna friend .. i honestly think that you should stay direct . it's part of who you are and if people don't like it or get annoyed by it then you probably aren't compatible friend / relationship wise . don''t play hard ... i mean i think i'm real ... look for the guys trying to slip away from somewhere ( sporting event , movie , play , concert , etc . ) without being noticed cooler unicorns ... with wings .. and maybe like laser eyes .. yeah look for the thousand yeard stare and the guy talking what seems like nonsense to no one but everyone good at reading posts ... wish i could come up with something better haha dreaded ( but necessary ) social outing , hours long car adventure with my istp friend , usually end with xbox or hours of guitar what significance do you think it may / may not have that it took me more than a minute to find any form in number 4 ? and when i did i saw a dark , disapproving figure ? i have a good relationship ... 1 . elephant looking at it's reflection 2 . dancing gnomes 3 . people cooking 4 . i couldn't think of anything for # 4 5 . a bee 6 . a gun 7 . women talking 8 . human back 9 . two giraffes 10 . gorilla ... for me the two go hand and hand , the guilt isn't what motivates me . it's more of the wake up call to stop what i'm doing and find some motivation to start working in another direction and what's at ... yes , someone i trusted and cared for very much treated me like i was worthless and then just tossed me aside that's one of the reasons , but i don't feel it's justified because of that it just bothers me that i knew it was wrong and i did it anyway . i feel dirty yes i am , i know them very well and they would be crushed . the best thing for them that i will treat them much better than i have lately and correct my behavior and stop before im too far gone it would them too much to do that i'm going down a very bad path right now . i've been lying to people and using them without them knowing it . i've been selfish and i don't feel like me anymore . can anyone help me ? what i've found best when it comes to public speaking is just to remember key words or phrases and just let my mind make connections as i speak . faking confidence is also great . i heard once that ... sorry , man , all i do is bounce between 2 and 9 . not much help oh my god this is amazing ! thanks for the list man huh , i'll have to look schubert up for sure note to self : stop procrastinating ! seriously , you're getting us into deep shit , man i think a lot of it , as stated by other posters , is due to the over glorification of a , for lack of a better word , loud alpha male . what i mean by this is they display their dominance through ... wellbutrin has seriously helped me without changing who i am , but getting on it or running out is hell . i became hostile , suicidal , violent , depressed , and when i wasn't any of those , completely ... i'd say a black bear because people call me a teddy bear all the time . black bears also are very calm and mild mannered and typically avoid conflict unless seriously provocted . they can suffer ... chihuahua ? 49066 that's me on the left there ... so yeah haha welcome to the club ! i went to a three day music festival the day after i severely sprained my ankle . 100 % worth it isis is a really great band , i'm not too familiar with their stuff but i'll definitely look into them more now ! i'd also like to take the time to mention i don't just dwell in one general area . i ... for example : i'm a huge fan of tool , deftones , katatonia , rosetta , and mastodon because they create unique instrumentals and make an atmosphere with their music that you can explore and just sort ... i was curious to see if infjs had similar tastes in music or reasons for why they like the music they do . i'd love to hear what you have to say , please post ! this is something that i have been working on for a while . i've been working out , eating better , etc . but what i've found works best is just smiling when you look in the mirror . try to find what you ... often , but i can't and won't do that to my loved ones . what keeps me around is all the potential good i can hope to bring in other people's lives and help to change the world for the better . when i heard birthday song by 2 chainz .. love everyone , even if you dont like them well my thoughts are kinda random .. like today i was thinking about how easy it would be to be a manatee you know ? they dont have any worries they just be . they are . then they get run over by a ... how do you learn to pull yourself away after constantly getting hurt ? is it bad if i just keep forgiving them unconditionally ? there's nothing i avoid , but i eat one thing at a time . like i'll eat all my steak before my salad , or vice versa , depending on whicheer i start with , usually with a drink in between . breaking that ... '