' eh , ' authoritative ' is the wrong word . it's just what i remember and how it seemed to me at the time . in pictures , the 70 ' s look like more like the ' 60s , fashion-wise , but they felt more like the ... ' 60s , yes , but not in the ' 70s . the general public seems to think that woodstock was when it started , but it was actually where it ended . . . . after that the freeloaders piled on and sank the ... they like puzzles , and to them , we are definitely a puzzle . eh , not ' love ' . . . . they are amusing / enjoyable at first , but after a while it sinks in that that the game we're playing isn't a game at all for them - - it never stops . after that they mostly ... if i had a dog that acted like an entj , i'd shoot it . : tongue : seriously though : no . they're not worth the trouble it would take train them to act like a human being . they're just too stubborn . 1 . 6 year old boy and girl in burning build , which child do you save ? since the ' rules ' say answer everything as though it was a moral dilemma , even when it isn't ... i'll pretend that i'd save the ... eh , it's pattern recognition , mostly . you compare big chunks of data to big chunks of experience , rather than breaking it down into small pieces . you do use it for some things , of course . if ... short answer : if you have to think about how to not piss us off , you've already failed . : tongue : why do you care if you piss us off , anyway ? if you have something to say , say it . if you have ... well , we don't like knowing that they're wearing makeup - - just like we don't want to know how the magician got the rabbit into the hat . we like to pretend that it's magic . first , pull your pants up . :d ry : now say to them , hey , isn't it interesting when you've known someone for a long time and then all of a sudden you're interested in them ( wink-wink , nudge-nudge , ... if we're talking about significant , relevant action i'm all in . as for all this his pointless , spasmodic , thrashing about that seems to constitute the majority of most people's lives . . . . i am , ... that's it , and you wanna know something else ? you wouldn't even like the rewards that society would give you if you played along , anyway . if you're in agreement , they can be very enthusiastic , determined , and supportive - - if they get it stuck in their head that you're not doing it right . . . . god help you . i generally get along ... yeah , i agree . they sound like their problem is more that they're dull rather than that they're sensors . you ought to go to a rock concert or an amusement park with a bunch of sensors sometime . ... yup . it's an infp tendency to assign so much significance to every little thing , anyway . add in all the hype and hoopla surrounding sex and toss in an absolute lack of actual experience or a ... personally , i'd name it ' blackie ' just to mess with the sjs . that's just me though . . . . that may be what was said , but what probably actually upset him was concern that you were about to re-interpret his ' feelings ' using your ' thinking ' . that does tend to be a sore spot . i find it ... i'm running 3 virtual desktops at the moment , two tabs in firefox in this one , another has a remote desktop session into another machine with two windows ( a database and a text editor ) , the third ... just keep them busy . they're fine until they stop doing and start thinking . don't give them too many options when they have to make a choice , and don't give them too many reasons when you make ... i suppose this is just my trait , rather than an infp trait - - but i don't really care what the intention was , just the effect . if i think a bus looks like it's going to run over me , i don't bother ... yeah , it's no different than religion or culture or whatever . it's true that just because a thing has been used for ill , it does not mean it cannot be used for good . it's also true that just ... that's why i posted what i did . i don't think that's actually all that common a position . i don't personally know anyone who feels that way . nah . it's way simpler than that . we don't have a problem with knowledge , we have problems with it's disciples . some people do brutalize and invalidate other people . i don't know why , just ... yeah , sure , you can do that . . . . :d ry : we don't have to hide . we're invisible . so . . . . you're saying you didn't learn anything from your previous relationship ? :d ry : if i may be so bold as to offer a suggestion : this time , instead of arguing , try to get along . : wink : ... well , i know this really isn't going to make you feel better , but . . . this is going to happen a lot in life . you can't hang on to everything forever , you'll lose things you value all along ... when i was in school , i was always too much of an outsider to have the opportunity to go to parties , and drugs never really had much appeal to me . i drank a beer or two now and then , just enough to ... no , absolutely not . trusting your feelings does not mean that you are passive and / or weak . these are two unrelated traits . it's more like we don't have goals so much as a heading - - if that makes sense . there really isn't a beginning or an end , just the journey . the ' goal ' is to go ' that direction ' . it's like ... when i was younger , i saw my sexuality as this deep , hidden secret , that couldn't be shared with any but a chosen few - - or even better the chosen one . as i've gotten older , i realize that sexuality ... i dunno , i'm pretty much infp , but i don't really get the wands and telekinesis , personally . i like to make things move by smacking them with a wiffle bat . </shrug> eh , we're just naturally more fun than you guys . sorry , can't help it . that's ok , we don't understand you guys either - - like , why do you nerds wear double knit pants and short sleeved dress ... organized anything isn't fulfilling . the organization always ends up becoming the focus , and the purported purpose gets shuffled to the rear . i grew a beard when i was a teen , just to see how it looked . i liked it so i kept it . i think i look my age . . . . i guess it doesn't matter much when you're in your 50 ' s though . time doesn't mark you as much as experience does after around 40 or so , i think . age isn't so ... well , the math a non math major gets at most universities is a lot like the music you get from most radio stations - - simple , repetitive and sufficiently watered-down to be palatable to the lowest ... my ideal setting would be a little cottage by a clear stream in the middle of an endless forest - - huge , deep-dark woods complete with trolls and ogres and fairies dancing in rings and dwarves ... you are a spatial thinker http://www.bbc.co.uk/science/leonardo/images/thinker_quiz/results/spatial.jpg spatial thinkers : tend to think in pictures , and can develop good mental models of ... well , my personal opinion so far is that you are probably going to piss me off no matter what you do . i particularly don't like the word ' game ' in the above . i don't play games with people's ... i thought the first movie was great . i thought the rest of them pretty much sucked . i remember sitting in the theater for ' strikes back ' and thinking he just decided that he was just going to ... yeah , pretty cool huh ? i grew up in the suburbs , but i had family who lived out in the country . i never felt at home anywhere else , so getting my own place was the one thing that i always knew i ... yeah , i bought some land about 30 minutes out of town about 15 years ago . here's a shot of my house and a few samples of what various spots in my ' yard ' look like . . . . ... under certain conditions , it's a good thing . in the general case , it bothers me . how would you feel if you came home from work and found out that someone broke into your house and washed all ... i think the observed behavior ' may not react well to compliments ' is correct . i disagree with her belief about the reason . i own my internal state . a compliment is an attempt to manipulate ... yeah , when i took the gre , ( it's like the sat but for grad school ) , i scored highest on the verbal , then analytical , and lowest on the qualitative . everybody else i knew who took it scored the other ... communication isn't always easy , especially since the initial slight appears to have been her accusation that what he'd been expressing wasn't genuine . putting myself into that picture . . . . my ... when i was programming , i did c and c + + on unix . that was about 5 years ago . now i mostly do windows admin stuff , plus a little unix / linux admin work as an outside contractor for small companies ... i'd make a snap judgment about who i thought they were , and answer accordingly . in general , if no warning bells went off , i'd say sure , ok . no sense rejecting a friend just because they ... i've always had the same experience , but never associated it with my personality type . most people seem to have difficulty seeing the problem in multiple problem spaces at the same time i think .   ... i'm kinda getting the idea that theres a tendency here for infps to approach relationships as either a complete merging of identities , or as two individuals seperated by an unfathomable gulf , or ... '