' hmm ... i think i should post my view of romance here haha ( it is probably my view as of now because i am young but idk ... we shall see ) here goes : my take on romance : romance hurts , but love ... well , i will concede first that we cannot fully understand ourselves . as socrates once said , the only thing that i know is that i don't know . personally , i just use the mbti out of curiosity . and ... if you want my view on romance ... romance hurts , but love never fails . learn the difference between love and lust ... as love is unconditional , and holds no record of wrongs . agape is what is ... 73 . beg the mods to delete all of your messages enneagram 5 ... 5w4 4w5 yeah ... that sounds like ni to me ... do you also have a 2 in there or a 9 in there ? like for your tritype ? mine was 2w1 5w4 4w5 and then another one i took was 9w1 5w4 ... hey guys ... i kinda wanted to start a thread where people would post a video of themselves if they were unsure of their personalities ... as it can simplify the analysis process a bit if we get a ... 55 . necrobump the oldest thread on perc ok , so i started this thread as an idea stemmed from 1000 dumb ways to die or something ... well ... this is the perc version of that . 1000 funny ways to get banned . ok so what you do is you ... <--- eternal path ---> there are moments in eternity . each one beating to the next . a moment of chaos leads to one of serenity . and if we view everything as gifts , then we will feel blessed . ... love others for who they are . not for how they look , not for what their talents are , and not for what they do . for beauty will fade and talents will cease , but a person's spirit lasts forever . ok , i see that there is no thread here dedicated to sharing musical works . so i decided to start one :) . share all of your piano covers , vocals , violin covers , guitar covers , raps , etc . i would ... hey , there people . alright , so honestly , i think that sometimes , we can help guide the other person to become closer to god even if that person isn't exactly a christian per se . honestly , we ... well , nfs are always hard to type when it comes to introversion / extroversion lol . enfjs and infjs are pretty much the same thing when you think about it and same with infps and enfps ( if their aux ... i write ... to inspire :) . i usually write things with passion . otherwise , it isn't really writing . i like making connections to things like things in history , and making my stories these long ... so i have heard several interesting propositions to the mbti . one is : you can change types another is : it is set at a certain age / birth / etc . idk which one is right though lol . but i guess the ... well that ejandree guy or whatever his name was , i forget . i think that he is an enfj and for whatever reason , sad and lonely infjs seem to gravitate towards him lol . nf well , hm ... one of the main differences between nfs and nts would be that nfs search for meaning , and nts search for truth . so do you search for meaning or truth ( we search for both , but what do ... endless rainbows i feel that enfjs are more open to share their thoughts than infjs are . so i do have some infj traits ( as nfjs pretty much share the same 4 functions lol ) , but overall , i am enfj ... yeah it's because people tend to base their final judgements and stuff on stereotypes and stuff . they base their answers on things they already know ( like on tests and stuff ) , so they use the things ... not necessarily lol . i sometimes provoke a reaction as a prank ... but then quickly apologize cause otherwise i will feel really bad . i don't really provoke people . i prefer to allow them to get ... ^ ^ ^ lol . maybe you just know her too well xd . that sometimes happens to me when she scolds me haha . while playing plague inc . i had a nightmare about a virus outbreak killing the world ... i guess i am like neil degrasse lol :) . i speak with a softer voice ( maybe that might just be the mic enhancing the sound of his voice , idk ) but of course the loudness of voice doesn't decide ... talk to people . but make sure that you are talking to someone that will help you grow from the stress and not be too harsh with you , etc . listen to music . this helps lol . i usually listen to ... yeah lol :) . some people find it hard to see me as a feeler as they see me as too analytical to be one . i may be an intp lol . or an entp . idk lol . most people would describe me as introverted lol ... fi types are more about sincerity . fe types don't care what they think about the situation and just rush in and help xd . fe is more external and is generally more in tune with other people's ... uh ... i did a quick questionare on the forum , and the people who responded to me said i was dom fe . i live to love :) . about being humble about my charisma : what was funny was the other day , i ... just a question . do all enfjs have this air of charisma ? cause i don't exactly have the most charisma lol . i've been called inspiring and deep . but i don't seem to have the energy to lead a large ... haha lol . intps can be pretty emotional lol . hmm .. maybe they were mistyped infjs lol . difference between ts and fs . the words sorry and thank you :) . now , i would agree with you . nobody should be pressured to apologize . we should forgive out of our own free will . however , i ... hmm ... lol srsly ? no moral support ? ! :) we need everyone lol . what about dem enfps to inspire others to do work and etc . enfjs to teach and counsel others and to serve infjs to reflect and advise ... yeah lol . i think i am actually an ambivert though . i was definitely an introvert in elementary school . in middle school , i think i was more of an extrovert ( possibly because of my desire to bond ... ur intj . infjs care less about success . all the infjs that i know seem to carry this air of humility around them . :) hmm ... i think we all have cognitive functions . we develop preferences towards some of them when we are young , and those preferences are harder to change over time due to neuroplasticity . ... enfjs also tend to send lengthy farewell letters to people lol . they like to motivate people , cheer them up , and make them laugh . what makes them different from an infj is that enfjs are more ... your 10 values reflect what you think about and how you think about things . isn't that what cognitive functions really are ? just come up with 10 things . i was confused on whether i was an enfj or ... sorry , but i have more prayer requests sigh ... i think i may have a mild form of bipolar / depression . and i often think about the people that i should have helped , or didn't have enough wisdom to ... i have a prayer request that i will remain faithful in the lord and stop procrastinating on my schoolwork . and the power to overcome temptations and wisdom to do so . and the wisdom to know how to ... similar to me . some people like me because they think that i am funny , smart , and kind . whatevs . i am more of a clique floater though . with very good friends in like every clique . i don't really like ... yeah i have . but the thing is , you can't really classify people into stereotypes , but you can get a general idea of what thought processes they prefer to engage in , and what is the most efficient ... i hate you . i'm sorry , but you have to die . there is no other way . etc . all nfs are very similar in what they will choose to say . hmm . i wonder . bro , i would fill out a questionnaire , and give a top 10 list of things that you value and why you value those things . i think you may be a entj though . the ni variant . enfj . i can just imagine someone shouting come on lol . wait , can i still post here if i am still in high school ? and what if you aren't sure about your popularity ? whatevs imma just gonna post . kk imma nf ( as in not failing . or intuitive feeler ... when you day dream all day in class . when you wonder what the meaning of life is when you are 11 years old . when you wonder what color is sound only to find out that it is clear . when you break ... when you have sentimental value towards certain things . when you are described as unpredictable . my friends never know how much i am going to say when i talk , or how much i am going to talk when i am around them lol . when your soccer team describes ... when you stealthily give people items that they want / need . look for people that are sad and give them encouraging notes . when you defend someone ( no matter who it is ) when they are being talked ... k then i'm most likely an enfj then . i don't have enough si to be a esfj . honestly though , i don't really think that types matter . i find cog functions a bit more important and how you use such ... love is just as powerful as death . you should embrace love and not be scared of it . being scared of love is like saying that you are afraid of interacting with people . however , i feel as if the ... '