' http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l1p_NHFd8jM&feature=kp occasionally i'll write short stories in the genre of adult fiction , crime fiction , war stories , or travel . i love to incorporate the use of satire , and metaphors . i like stories with a twisted plot , ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QnA4r4ocDII absolutely . but i think , as humans , we have a tendency to objectify people , so objectifying people into personality types ( guy is the life of the party must be as esfp , or ( without personality types ) ... both . i think he's an s because ( my mbti personality type - mbti basics - sensing or intuition ) s's remember specific details of events more hostility , emotional detachment , and distrust of others ... dear infp friend , please , pay attention to what's going on . dreaming about doing things isn't the same as doing them . no , turning everything on earth that's dangerous into a shark is not a good ... did you look it up ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Leo22AXLEXg warning : i don't bite ... hard . anything by the following : sir arthur conan doyle ( sherlock ) agatha christie george orwell knowledge is only potential power . the execution of knowledge is where your power lies . - tony robbins he seems way too narcissistic and materialistic to be infp .. he had aspergers which is most common in intj & istj mbti types . both are very inflexible in their perspective of what they deserve , and ... poverty is often a result of under education.but because everyone is given relatively equal education opportunities-there is no excuse to be poor . public education is free . information is relatively ... basically someone who pranks someone else . or tries to get someone else mad or to react by pushing their buttons . for example : you don't like cats . so when you're gone , i'll fill the house with cat ... how riskay or adventurous are you willing to go ? what are the limits ? i find that improvement is best made through trying something completely new , stretching your limits , and facing your fears . 10 ... the irony of life , and death . the fucking misery we experience and then inflict on other people , often not the same people who caused us to experience misery-and thus a circle effect is born . ripples ... there's a huge difference between rights & privileges . i think that often in modern society the two get mixed . everyone has a right to the opportunity to succeed but charity , or someone bailing you ... you can call me alexia . my username is xena because of xena : thewarrior princess . and also i used to think xena was the female form of the greek word xeno which is : foreigner or stranger or alien . i ... i think that this is absolutely true . except for 3 things : 1 . in my opinion : there should be one more section in the love-map : reaction to change . everyone changes at different speeds , no one stays ... the problem : i agree . americans are quite complaisant / lazy . but so is the world , in general , becoming so . i think the problem is also in the way that we utilize conveniences-not in the conveniences ... '