' 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... i can't quite figure out what type my sister is , so i thought i'd go to the experts for help . typing's not exactly my forte , i spent months and months figuring out what i am , and even now i'm still ... jackcrabs hah , not a bad idea ... wait , so are you saying i'm really istj ... ? :d ry : seriously , every time i think i know my type ... i've always been drawn to being a dentist or a doctor . i think it has to do with being able to constantly use my hands , which i love and which i'm good at . ( although being a surgeon is out of the ... it took a while to figure it out . i think the most important thing to remember is that istps aren't emotionless - - they're just very private with them , and find them very confusing . you can still be ... yeah , that's how i'm gonna look at it . by the way , i love your signature , hahahaha haha i think i'm exaggerating the whole texting thing , it's not that he's texting me an insane amount , it's just that he's an emotional texter , and i am not . he sees texting as a form of ... last year we had two classes together , and that's how we got to know each other . we were never that close though , i didn't even have his number until after he'd asked me to homecoming . ( by the way , ... i've decided to just go with him . it's one night , and i think this is bound to happen again , so it's good to get experience on how to deal with it . no will probably be my favorite word of the ... oh , god no . my family has called me the most awkward hugger ever , apparently i'm really stiff and i pat people on their backs ... don't know why i do that , i think it's because i get fidgety . and ... yeah , you gotta be friends first . istps don't jump into emotional relationships . here's the thing about me at least : i don't need to be in a relationship . i'd actually prefer not to be ( if it weren't ... you just nailed it . this guy asked me to be his date for homecoming , and to be honest ... i'm completely freaking out . i don't know if we're going as friends or not ( and by now it's too late to ask ) ... we've never ... yeah , my infj sister gets mad at me too ! i always used to get confused when people were still mad at me 3 hours after a fight . well , i've been posting on here off and on for a few months , but i guess i'll just introduce myself now . i'm seventeen , living in the southeast of the united states . i run xc and track at school , ... jack dawson , titanic ; frank abagnale jr , catch me if you can ( sensing a pattern here ... ); donnie darko , donnie darko ; sam wheat , ghost ; harry potter , but only in movies 3 and 4 . i'm 17 ... kinda curious to see how i'll change as i get older . i heavily learn from experience though , so i figure things can only get better ( or worse i guess , if i have a lot of bad ... totally happens with me . extraverts have such a different approach to like than i do that i think i get suspicious of them at first ... it takes me a while to trust them . introverts i can relate to ... eh ... not really . i don't love it , i don't hate it . i keep up with fashion ( by keeping up with fashion , i mean updating my look every five years or so ... ) so that i can look put together . i just ... hahahhahah that's so true ... nope . i'm an istp , and my sister's an infj . i'm applying to colleges right now too . going into pre-med , haven't decided if i want to be an orthodontist or a dermatologist . little nervous about all of it , i think i can handle the course work ... i actually have a really bad temper . it's usually out of frustration , and it lasts about an hour , but once i'm done , i'm done . my sister always comments on how i will be purple in the face cussing ... i get really impatient and restless . i start to say things that i know i shouldn't , just to rile people up and give me some form of entertainment . i have a basic outline of what i'm going to do . well ... no , that's actually bs , it's almost completely go with the flow . having plans makes me stressed . i only schedule things that i know i won't ... thanks , i think i just really need to be kinda carefree about it all , thats the only way i'll be able to keep my sanity . but i can feel my patience wearing thin , today i was this close to just ... exactly ! my mom has always been a bit of a helicopter parent ( at least she would be if i weren't so resistant to rules and structure ) , and my dad has always been a bit too off-hands . i really think ... yeah , to be honest it's a pretty weird combination . i don't know if i would have put my mom and dad together , but i guess it works , they've been together for 25 years with no major problems . i've tried to . she listens , and is usually very apologetic and sincere , but the problem is that she forgets about it two days later . for example , she has a habit of nervous-talking around people , and ... sorry everyone for the late response , it drives me crazy when ops forget about their posts . i've just had a really busy week and honestly didn't even have time to check the website . so , to answer ... neither , really . i absolutely can't stand guys who just go along with whatever opinion i have , and follow the rules without knowing the logic behind them and agreeing with that logic . it drives me up ... i know this enfj ( maybe entj , haven't decided ) , and i'm really only friends with her because she hangs out with my friends . i see her a lot , and good lord , that girl drives me up the wall . i think it ... i tend to have obsessions with people and events that were important to culture . like michael jackson , for a good three years i just studied every thing he did ; he just completely fascinates me . if ... i'm a girl , so sorry i can't give you the male perspective on this , but i think you're doing the right thing in holding back a bit . here's the thing about istps : we're pretty much all commitment ... my dad's istp , like me . i wouldn't say he likes cooking particularly , in that he won't do it for fun , but he's pretty good at it and will offer to make dinner if it's needed . i'm the same way . my ... when i was a kid , i used to walk around ice cream shops with a wet napkin , cleaning up the tables because it bothered me that they were dirty , but when my mom asked me to clean my room , i'd never do ... the thought of someone doing an elaborate , over-the-top , center of attention marriage proposal makes you want to throw up . or maybe i'm just weird . oh see , once i get going i'm fine , it just takes me forever to actually get going . the thing that's really making me doubt istp is that my dad is one through and through , a textbook case , and while ... flatlander the isj was pretty off . i related a lot more to esp , although it still didn't quite hit the nail on the head . the istp / intp was really me , although i don't quite know which one i associate ... hah that sounds about right with me . i just finished calculus and i discovered that while it takes me forever to focus in it , once i do , i'm pretty good at it . flatlander thanks for the reply ! over thinking makes me fear things because i envision too many negative outcomes . if i'm about to go skiing , i'll picture myself losing control and running straight ... whoops , forgot number one : the picture reminds me of the end of an adventure . i can see this image being shown or described at the end of a movie or long novel after the characters have saved the ... 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... ok , here's the deal : i've been going back and forth with my type for a couple of months now . as you can see , it says i'm an isfp , but i've been having doubts , the first one being that i don't think ... hahah well , i wouldn't buy the whole sweet and innocent act . i play that card way too well for my own good . i can all but guarantee you she has had her full share of arguments with her family . you ... wow , i'm kinda surprised you mentioned me ! it's pure luck that i saw this so close to the date you posted this , i come on this site pretty sporadically . anyways , to answer your question : good ... thanks for the complements ! as you can see from question four , i really appreciate it :) i'll answer your questions now : do i feel drained or charged when around other people ? hmm ... i've been ... yeah , i guess that makes sense . most of the time when i have a problem , i'll write about it on the internet somewhere so i can get unbiased advice , and so that it still stays private within my real ... maybe ... but do you think i'm extrovert ? introvert was the one thing that was always constant on all the tests i took . '