' nah , man . chris ray gun's the kind of guy i wanna marry . like the poster above , i also got a planner , and i'm super excited to fill it and ( hopefully ) have my life in order this year . i'm in a musical , and i have a part i didn't expect getting and i'm ... i have some lovely lovely friends of many different types : my two best friends are an entx and an istj - we get along swimmingly and they're fantastic . they ground me when i float off into the ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ab2HxJqpAnM but , sometimes it scares me how much i think about going for a walk and never coming home , and how willing i am to leave everything i have and ... judy hopps - she screams enfj to me . her determination to be a cop is insane , and says ni , to me . her response to people also seems pretty fe . her entire reason for being a cop is to help people ... i had posted my art , but then got paranoid and i can't figure out how to delete a post so hiii : happy : you all have some beautiful art . analyzing movies and tv shows i adore , thinking about the music i like and wondering ' why ? what about this gets me ? why does this make me feel something ? ' , if there's something on my mind - a person , ... it's like ... music gets inside of you , reverberates through your bones , and what can you do but dance ? express that feeling through your limbs , out into the world and your heart e x p l o d e s ... let's see : a list of the types i've liked / been attracted to in the past 3 years : an isfp ( he claims at least , he comes off as more isfj to me , but whatever ) an isxp an estp an enfj the isfp ... a close friend of mine has taken the test twice and gotten enfj and enfp . she's not nearly as into mbti as i am , so she hasn't really said if she thinks she's an enfp or enfj . i get major enfj vibes ... lately , i've been feeling the crisis snapping at my heels . i feel constantly restless , even when i think i should be happy . i feel so neutral these days , it feels empty . it's like someone shut off ... me ! :D i play guitar and sing . basic instruments , i know . i'm not good at improvising with guitar , but i love to mess around with my voice and see what i can do . an entj , an infp , and an istj . i've got other close friends who are infj , 2 enfjs , and an isxp . am i the only one who enjoys sjs ? i find it super easy to talk to them about some chill day-to-day stuff . they'll tell me about things that are happening like the weird fight happening between this ... dear istp , i had a dream where you loved me and we were beautiful together . dear enfj , istp undoubtedly loves you and i'm kinda mad that you didn't see him before now because i did . i saw ... dear istp , i'd really appreciate it if you stopped making my heart do that weird , disgusting dance in my ribcage . i wish you would just ask that enfj out because she's wonderful and you two would be ... dear enfp self lol take a cognitive function test again ? for a while i thought i was an esfj , and then and entp . ( turns out , i'm just an enfp with a large amount of fe ) take multiple tests , then see which result you ... shutting down is an fi thing , i think . in july sometime , my friend passed away . i learned this information through social media but i was about to leave the country for a month , so i put it aside . it ... istp physics ( quantum physics to be exact ) and philosophy . okay , so once upon a time , i liked a guy ( * gasp * emotions ? ! ) , but he liked my friend , who was dating someone else , and this other guy then told me he likes me , and i found the entire situation ... ( it says enfp here right now , but i'm thinking i might've mistyped , so i'll crash here for a bit ) just finished love is to die by warpaint and now onto where is my mind ? by pixies . hm ... calculating , somewhat bitchy , fashionable ... isfp . ( i probably completely miscalculated ... oops ? ) story time ! once upon a time , i went to korea for school with a bunch of other people , including an isfp guy . i had known the isfp before the trip , but just on a hey , what's up ? basis . we got to ... dear istp , i know , this is the third letter i've sent to you that you'll never see . you're stuck up , rude , and need a slap to the face . why the hell do i still like you ? maybe it's those damn ... so wait ... you cook , you play instruments , you're an infj ( and by definition , absolutely perfect ) , and you're intelligent ? goddamn , please marry me . enfp's can and do get very dark at times . why wouldn't we ? also , fi would lead you to follow your own path and be incredibly stubborn about things that are important to you . so , i think you're either ... my mother is an esfj and she's pretty awesome . i think the fact that she doesn't get me makes her even more incredible . she listens to me , even when she has absolutely no clue what i'm talking about ... all the uptown funking time . i romantize everything . all the people i meet , all the situations i find myself in , even myself . i realized that i'll never be able to achieve the ideal i've set ... quixotic ∙ romantic ∙ curious ∙ childlike ∙ wonder types with high fe , in general . so exfjs and ixfjs . not every fe-user with be motherly , though . edit : my istj friend has amazing motherly instinct whereas my entp friend and i are terrible at ... one of my closest friends is an infj and damn , sometimes it's scary how well we can read each other . she knows exactly when i'm drowning and exactly what to say . i don't know if i am able to read her ... let's try this . i found a dock i found a dock that leads out to the sky where galaxies are colliding and stars , imploding and i sat there and let the harmony of the spheres surround me and i ... dear istp , i hate your adorable guts . and therefore , i must murder you with hugs and kisses . that is all . signed , passive-agressive enfp dear istj , i don't understand how we're best friends , ... dear isfp , i miss you . thank you for being amazing . i love you . love , enfp dear istp , i really wish you'd stop being so charming . and please , stop looking at me with that look . it kills me . you ... i have an istp friend who's mother is an artist ( an art teacher to be exact ) and father's a musician . he loves both art and music . just wondering , what kind of art do you like to create and why ? ... introverted thinking is absolutely beautiful . hehe , sorry for being so ... loud , but i love ti . show some of that off . not too much though , i hate guys who are like ' oh ho ho , look at me i'm so ... as a christian going to a christian school in which i'm required to take bible classes , i can say that these issues are ones we address a lot ( at least , at my school - not sure about others ) , like if ... wanderlust , with a side of romance / intimate friendship . romance ? talking . not small talk , but deep , intimate talking . like when i fantasize of romance , i fantasize of sneaking away , sitting somewhere , watching the world spin madly on and talking about ... si invests itself in the things i love . for example : if i like a guy , i will remember the most random details about him . example , i was talking to a guy i was interested in and his friends about ... what keeps me going ? the feeling of being alive . feeling my lungs fill with air and feeling that air escape and know that an entire complex system is functioning in me , keeping me alive . i often ... what makes me start crushing on a person ? potential . ne-dom dictates even my love life . if i see a glimmer of something deeper than their cheesy jokes and small talk , i will search for it . i want ... never dated anyone before , but i've been interested in an istp and an isfp . not sure why , but there's something incredibly lovable about their groundedness . in ideal , i like ixtp's ( ti seems like the ... romantically : isxp's - not sure what it is about them . they're just really cool . i love it . : kitteh : friendship : anyone who's willing to be insane with me and then super deep later on . my best ... ne for me will happen without my awareness of it . for example , a few days ago i was walking to my friend's place when i saw a suspicious looking white van coming in my direction . my ne and paranoia ... as a person who likes an istp , i can tell you some things i find particularly cool about him . he's smart . like , not just book smart , he can figure things out and does often . he thinks out loud ... closest friends : istj ( we're hilariously similar , until i say , let's try this new thing ! and she runs off into the woods . ) entp ( she's the one i blame for my occasional cynicism ) esfj x2 ( one is ... * sigh * leadership . oh , joy . i've been told i'm good at leading , but i haven't ever felt that way . i know i get overwhelmed pretty easily - not by people being chaotic , but by everyone being ... '