' i tend to listen to audiobooks while playing videogames or working out . get a nice , exciting audiobook plus blowing the heads off of zombies coupled with intermittent physical exhaustion = win .   ... i think most other people don't understand the joy of understanding and solving a problem , and so they think that this sort of manic behavior is unhealthy and causes us stress , whereas the opposite ... i'm pretty sure it's the s vs n difference , and my s vs n split isn't very high , which is why school was easier for me than many istp's . personally , i just considered the whole grade system to be ... i think it's not really about whether education is ti biased or not ( nor did he mention te bias at all ) . the main point is that most istp's find the undergrad engineering experience to be difficult , ... see : how the enneagram personality system works basically , the arrows attached to a 5 go to 7 and to 8 . there is an explanation in that article as to what this represents , but the tldr is that a ... when a type 5 is unhealthy ( depressed , whatever ) , they express behaviors and attitudes similar to an unhealthy type 7 . for a while , i , too , scored as a 7 , though i'm confident that i am a 5 . this ... for me , the whole touching thing has nothing to do with just not being used to it and it has everything to do with being uncomfortable physically . it's like telling a child they should get used to ... imo , academic integrity requires that phd coursework be performed relatively independently . it is one thing to request help for better understanding of a subject , but quite another to require ... i like the excuse to meet up with friends and family , but don't otherwise really care for them . mostly , i hate gift giving expectations . istp's make good gankers : we're the kings of taking advantage of the situation to turn the tides . so , any combat class with large amounts of burst damage and the ability to be able to apply it ... this is an important point : being able to actually offer a solution , and have the person listen for and take that solution , can make such conversations rewarding , energizing , and worthwhile long ... being given the responsibility for someone else's emotions is simply frustrating . it's like trying to have a blind man solve a rubik's cube by telling him whether or not it is solved in its current ... parents tend to forget what it's like to be young , so they tend not to respect the combination of lack of experience and a strong zeal for life that is the realm of the young . what you see as new , ... chunky would require actual peanuts , and they can't make it low fat with actual peanuts . or , she'll feel like you're creepy because of undue scrutiny / attention . it all depends on her perspective towards you to begin with :) . that's a screwy problem . the answer is b , 1 will light up . 3 shorts the left and right sides together , so the only voltage drop is across the top one . all the others have the same voltage on both ... i was listening to oz reimagined , and the story by rachel swirsky called beyond the naked eye has this quote , which really resonated with me ( the quote comes from the life perspective of a ... i was listening to oz reimagined , and the story by rachel swirsky called beyond the naked eye has this quote , which sums up an istp's view of this issue ( the quote comes from the life perspective ... i had thought 9 was a possibility for a while , but i'm more of a 5 with a pretty heavy counterphobic 6 wing . this ... is one of my biggest pet peeves . it's like talking to a high earning sales person : so many red flags go up that it becomes difficult to think of them as anything but a blood sucking leech . i researched it for a long time , and determined that it made a lot of sense for me . i have major problems interpreting facial expressions , body language , and tone of voice ; i have the secondary ... i always have trouble taking that enneagram test , especially the last sections : they all equally don't apply , or they all equally apply , and it's very hard to pick , which makes my answers sort-of ... yeah , now that i think about it more , i think the real reason i suffer in silence is that it's hard for me to understand what relevance my discomfort has to someone else . seems pointless to tell ... in the book armor by john steakley , there is this scene , where one of the characters shares a story from her childhood . she had a much younger brother with a little puppy , whom he loved . they had ... i have a toddler ... it has its up sides and down sides . i think i don't talk enough to him because he's not really using words much , but he finds other ways of communicating like bringing me his ... yeah , i certainly wouldn't apply this practice to just anyone . it's rude anyway , so i don't do it as much as i'd like . it really depends on the audience . this too shall pass - ancient hebrew proverb . however , basically one of the main themes of ecclesiastes . and ... another intj bites the istp humor bullet ... pow ! seriously though , it makes little sense for an istp ( or intp for that matter ) to intentionally discipline themselves to meditate given that ... i had a friend , who had a horrible compulsive stutter . he appreciated it when people finished his sentences because it was actually less embarrassing than having to continue the stutter-fest . and then there's the whole finishing people's sentences because you want to just get on with the conversation already ! by meditate , i'm sure he meant play halo or whatever distracting obsession you have . oh , and this same pattern happens to me all the time . i tend to get in a slump at some point , and , after ... one of the main differences between an istp and intj on forums is actually in the style of posts . an istp will tend to make short statements , which are only loosely connected , depending on the other ... i love this quote . the basic concept of allowing the difficult feelings / experiences pass over and through , and then analyze it and learn from it is sort of a life-mantra of mine . i use this ... i went through a period in my life after a fairly severe depression , where my project was to get in touch with my own emotions as well as those around me . i just think about being who i was then , ... i find that , when i get angry , i stop being careful . i develop this screw it attitude and use least energy ( mental ) approaches to everything . this means if i need something moved , and it's on the ... i gave my wife a box of chocolates for valentines day , and wrapped each chocolate with a piece of paper saying something i love about her , so she gets something sweet with her sweets . i reused this ... istp's usually place themselves outside of power dynamics , which , in different situations , can seem domineering or submissive , depending on the other person's perspective . a good example of this is ... this is likely a case of not having the same vision for the project . if you can convey more of the vision and the why of it and your expectations , he should be able to operate better under the ... i remember the old days , when i had banner ads and pop-ups . then i got adblock , and i haven't seen them for a while . ( true story ) it doesn't actually matter whether you had ulterior motives or not because no matter your motivations , the situation is a generally negative one . next time , if you want to get him something , just ... needed , absolutely not : that means i have to do something , or i let someone down . appreciated or wanted for my ability to do something , yes . actually , the call for coffee may be interpreted as both checking up on him again to make sure he will come over , and obligating him to follow through ( how dare he not , now that you have purchased ... already posted in the istp subforum ... recently : http://personalitycafe.com/istp-forum-mechanics/123528-epic-istp-battle.html the key is dissociation . if you can say you have / had feelings about something without actually showing those feelings , you are going in the right direction . for example , i can be angry about ... we are our interests ... you are your feelings . my core is your superficial and your core is mine . the key to interaction is mutual respect / interest for what is important to each other . if you ... congrats on your relatively minor encounter with the self-appointed morality police brigade . ya never know where it's going to show up , though the istp subforum is usually less plagued with this ... separating yourself from the relationship for a while is certainly a good idea for figuring out what to do about it . relationships go through their ups and downs , but some time away can give you ... my wife seems to have a need to emotionally rant about stuff ( sometimes she even needs to rant about me / my decisions to me ) . i find it not only frustrating , but difficult to pay attention to her ... i think this depends much on the istp in question . to me , expressing your feelings about something , and even with some tears isn't so bad , but the general need to say the same thing over and over ... well , what seems to happen is that , once the istp realizes there is no way to avoid the anger no matter the response , the anger loses all emotional / moral meaning . it becomes like a boulder rolling ... '