' yes . i do it all the time . i just throw up my hands and quit . i'll delete my facebook profile , put my computer up , and spend a week or two on hiatus with virtually no human contact whatsoever . when i ... sorry . random interruption by non-istp passersby , here ... this just made my tired brain go into excessive giggle mode . thank you , sir , for completely making my evening . * cough * carry on . hmm ... so going off the information i've gathered here , i'm guessing i'm definitely not an intj . working off my cognitive functions and the information i've gathered , and also the records i've been ... these are questions about your behavior , based on my behavior . i'm trying to find some commonalities between myself and a specific mbti group . there a lot of things that i do that i find fit the intj ... i'd be the person pointing out the mechanics of the situation , rather than the people of the situation , lol . i don't think i'm an infj anymore , folks ... : bored : alright , i'm gonna give it to you nicely . my best friend is an infp . very bubbly , very ( what i call ) naive outlook on the world ( i'm right in the middle of f / t and i / e , though , so i could easily ... after much deliberation , i've finally nailed down my mbti type . brilliant . :p roud : but now that i've successfully typed myself , i'm trying to type my friends and family ... some of them i've already ... oi , you described my current relationship perfectly . i've been dating my current boyfriend for a month now ; i even lost my virginity to him . still , that indecisiveness lingers . some days i feel ... infp , enfp , isfj . and pretty much all of my friends fall into one of those three . no joke . my mom is an enfp ( she has taken the test ) , but an unhealthy one who has adopted all of the enfps bad tendencies all at once . generally , i get along well with enfps ... but not her . my dad has ... i was thinking of posting about this same thing yesterday . :p roud : do you believe in love ? do you believe in love ? yes . i'm starting to learn to love again ; it was a while before i could , ... i don't know when i stopped being a child . my mom home-schooled me off and on from first grade up . my childhood home was a prison . i'd beg and cry to go back to public school , to have friends , but ... deal with it . my best friends are an infp , an enfp , and an istp ( which a particularly well-developed fe ) . they get on my nerves sometimes , but regardless of whether they become rabid animals at ... i can't figure out what i am . i've taken the jung and mbti tests an indefinite ( numerous ) amount of times , and i can't seem to type myself correctly . i'm still having problems with manipulating ... dear boyfriend : i require your attention at once . when i say i don't want anything , i mean that i do . thanks , infj . 84379 can't really see it , i don't think , but that's me . i'm quite tall , actually ; about 5 ' 9 . can't really tell from the picture , though , lol . she probably wouldn't be so difficult to get along with , if we didn't have completely different thought processes , haha . my dad's more like me , though , and as i get older it seems i get along with ... my best friend is an infp , who has expressed an interest in dating me before . i can identify with your first post really well : i love my best friend , but when he draws too close , i resist and shoo ... sleepiness may also be the reason for the odd cognition results ; i retook it this morning , and i'm still te dominant , but the ne was also higher . i also retook the mbti test , thinking on those times ... i'm set to go to college in fall 2014 . unfortunately , i missed the scholarship application dates for fall 2013 . i'm really looking forward to it : i'm hoping to go for a criminal justice / philosophy ... i honestly don't know where the si sprung up from , but upon further observation , it's not entirely inaccurate . taken from personalvaluation.com . this is actually pretty accurate , barring ... ah . i know little of the psychology outside mbti , so i'm lost when it comes to anything else . te was the highest , ti the second highest , and ne the third . cognitive process level of ... i avoid social gatherings because i can't make an impression on people , because it's kept to smalltalk that makes no sense to me . i also can't hear well , so i have to ask people to repeat themselves , ... this is a tricky question . i'm good at giving orders , critiquing others ' work when it's needed , and i naturally am elevated to the position of leader . i take over things and have an admittedly bad ... mbti , please . i'm ni , i'm pretty sure . i don't make any decisions based on experience alone . i think long and hard before i make a decision , usually using facts and researching deeply . now , the ... i was bored , so i took the mbti test again . previously i've been very convinced of myself being an intp : i have a lot of things in common with intps . however , upon researching intj / intp differences ... i must be the oddball of intps , because when i've suffered through an awful day , i go running , i pace the house like a caged tiger , or i obsessively organize my room . sometimes i even take the broom ... oh , hey . trolling infps ! my favorite methods . be logical . when they try to bombard you with emotions , politely excuse yourself and put distance between you and said emotions . they'll think ... and savanna , but i have no interest in savannas , so that's discounted . thank you , and it's nice to meet you . :p roud : i knew it ! the robot's automated . :p roud : siboda , call me anna all you want . i may just have to think of a word that rhymes with anna instead . series 0 , thanks for the welcome . i actually ... curiouser and curiouser ... i am very suspicious of you , mr . cafebot . you say your dog has an account ? - illogical arguments , and refusal on another person's part to listen to reason . - people who won't abandon their emotions to come to a conclusion about something . i really don't get along fe / fi ... i'm an intp , and an orphic hellenist . that means i worship the ancient greek pantheon , as i've developed a fondness for it . i believe in the separation of body and soul , and the deification of ... dear infp , i love that you're always there for me , yet i despise your fi-ness to no end . learn to detach yourself and not attach emotions to every single life decision , especially when advising ... hi , my name's anna ! my username's annie , but that's only what one of my three very good friends happens to call me , and i was running out of ideas . anna didn't rhyme with eccentricity , so ... ... what gets me to clean my room is the memory of how horrible it is to clean it all up , after the mess has accumulated for several weeks unchecked . '