' it's really stereotypical and not good to look at things in terms of just letters . you have to look at the underlying cognitive functions . for example , the isfp and isfj types differ by just 1 ... i still think you are entj . your post about ni vs ne is strongly pointing to ni . being intj , i'm very familiar with ni , and ni just isn't very good at brainstorming , coming up with new , random ... the quiz does store the results into a database . i made it just to test connecting a site to a database and have something to store , but i don't do anything with the results . sometimes ... well if you identify with intj better , then maybe it is that . intj is very imaginative too . i made a quiz that is linked it in my signature , so you could try that . a quick way to practically ... okay , i'll just jot down my thoughts as reading through your post ... you talk of symbolism , potential conversations , what could be , etc . i lean towards a type with ni or ne higher than si or ... ah , another infp vs infj thread . you can try my quiz out if you want to , but i think it's probably infp from that information you provided . you put out a vibe of i feel misunderstood by this ... from reading your post the fe is very obvious . lots of people-pleasing and making other people happy . i also agree on you being introverted , which is isfj or infj . when i first read your posting , ... well those things are more in line with isfp than infp . i found this quote from this page : funky mbti in fiction - my life as an infj - my life as an infj describes what fe is like for an infj . well yeah , everyone would like others to believe like how they do . that's just human nature and normal , not related to personality type . fi and fe are like opposites in the area of values / ethics / morals . it's not really about fe cares for other people . fi cares for yourself . not at all . fe is about group / community values and ... i read it and thought either infp or isfp . what's really strong is the fi , but i agree with the posters above that isfp is most likely . what kind of things do you do for fun ? what would an ideal ... i looked into socionics because i was curious about it . i know that i am intj or what would be ili in socionics . socionics says i should have ni , then te , then si , then fe . ( for conscious ... just the fact that there's so much uncertainty points more to istj than intj . the things we are discussing here are abstractions , concepts , patterns , ideas , etc . that's the realm of ni / ne , which ... both of these answers highlight an individualistic attitude to life . you finding what is good for you and encouraging others to pursue their own goals . also , wanting to discover who i am . very ... very clearly looks like istj . the biggest thing i noticed while reading your post was all the si and te , combined with a bit of ne , which is usually portrayed in a way that points to inferior ne ... people like to make broad generalizations that ' s ' types are this way and ' n ' types are that way when the reality is far less clear . different types use different functions , and then they use them ... hard to say for sure , but probably some types can be ruled out from that description . you are probably not se or ne dominant with a statement like this . most math uses a lot of logic and ... because there isn't it evidence of si or ne , which would be needed for istj while there is a lot of evidence of ni . sorry i can't really go into more detail . i thought it was pretty clear from your ... i disagree that istjs will think about the past while intjs think about the future . totally false . i'm intj and think about the past all the time . not so much my past , but i study history , past ... the answers in 2 & 4 seem to indicate that you highly value competence , which is usually identified with te . also , wanting to learn languages because they are useful is also a te thing . this ... i didn't mind that your post was so long as it gives a lot of insights into how an isfp thinks . btw , you don't look like intp or intj . people commonly mistype as those types . this is just to ... a good friend of mine is isfp and 35 and he hasn't yet realized what you are saying sah 6635 his feelings totally consume him , and he's older than your brother , so different people mature at ... i'm not 100 % positive , but everything i see is consistent with infp . really confident about you being a dominant fi / fe / ti / te type , so ixxp or exxj due to answer #15 , your reaction to stress . this ... i see that you post is rather long . i'll jot down notes of what i notice while reading it . i'll summarize at the end . on question 2 , you talk a lot about your body and how you feel about it . si ... hoopla totally agree with you that it's about the ' why ' and not the ' what , ' and i didn't mean to say that fe is like go team go ! or something like that . it's harmonizing of values . and it'll ... unfortunately , there are a lot of stereotypes out there . in my signature , i have a website i've made and there's a description of istj ( among other types ) on that page . that's just mainly a ... i've heard a lot of people who are enfp or entp say that they are quite reclusive and sometimes they think that they have to be introverts . that's because what really matters is the functions . all ... i read your post a while ago and was kind of stumped on it , so i didn't respond . re-read it trying it again and noticed that last question of your interests and a lightbulb went off for me . it ... all the newness that you desire is very common for ne . se likes newness too , but it's more physical typically , something like going on a vacation to somewhere new for example . classic enfp is the ... what i see is a lot of ne in your post . extrapolating possibilities . enjoying learning new things about just about everything . just look at question 7 . that's describing classic ne . also , the ... i'm glad that you liked it . i have finished with it ( i think ) , except i can alter any questions if needed . i don't pretend to know everything , and especially types that are much different than i am ... i finished the flowchart ! http://ericbeeson.heliohost.org/QuizWebsiteFlowchart.vsdx you need visio to open it . it's a uml diagram demonstrating the logic behind it . i also added a link to it in ... glad you liked it ! the test does start out really general , then narrows to more specific questions for specific types . took forever to make all the questions . this thread applies to the spring 2015 season of survivor . white collar vs blue collar vs no collar . it's an interesting show to see people's real personalities come out as put are put in extreme ... just about everyone is concerned with what other people think , being liked , maintaining harmony , etc . no one is this uncaring robot . i mean we are all human . it's a matter of degree . i find it ... infj and intj are quite different temperamentally . they share a dominant ni and inferior se , but those 2 middle functions are the judging / rational functions . fe / ti for the infj and te / fi for the ... i'll go through your post and see what i can find ... this kind of sounds like weak se . sounds like weak ti or te , but this could mean nothing as well . probably rules out any dominant ... just you saying that you like taking a test that is fast so you don't lose interest sounds a lot more like isfp than infp too . that's the se . just about every se type that i know ( estp , istp , esfp , ... isfj is certainly a possibility here . definitely agree on the fe / ti thing . has to be either isfj or infj . and i agree with emberfly about those stereotypes . not all si types are traditional , etc ... you can strengthen an inferior function ( get better at using it ) , but someone is never going to make their inferior function stronger than their dominant function . it's a weakness , relatively ... i watched your video but i really can't tell anything from it . you could try this questionnaire : http://personalitycafe.com/whats-my-personality-type/42375-whats-my-type-form.html or you could try ... i know several esfjs who type themselves as estjs . the reason for this is that inferior function . people commonly misunderstand their inferior function completely . in my observation , i've noticed ... i definitely think it's intj . reminds me of myself when i was younger . you see the se for a couple of reasons . one , it's an extraverted function , and extraverted functions are easier to spot than ... well you definitely use the fe / ti functions . these are very fe : also , the taking time to process things internally sounds a lot like ti . quite confident of the fe / ti thing going on here . ... from what you describe above it's hard to nail it down to intj or istj definitively , but i would lean towards intj over istj . this right here seems to indicate you're more likely intj than ... you sure seem like isfp to me . all the things you stated supporting isfp are either supporting evidence for isfp or they are irrelevant things that could apply to anyone of any type ( things such as ... i'd like to help , but really it's hard to tell from that post . some things can be ruled out ( any type with sj or tj ) , probably not a tp type either , but that really only tells you what you know ... lysana yeah that quiz goes by the functions . it's not based on letters , which is just junk . it tries to get at which rational function the person uses , then it goes for the irrational function . ... lysana you're right about that environment stressing him out . it's really important to an istj . my wife is isfj , so she also has that dominant si , so i'm really familiar with how it is . i try to ... '