' i have an isfj mother and an intj father . pretty cool huh ? too bad they didn't work out in the end ... my older brother is istp . even here i disagree . so , the mona lisa was driven by emotion ? i think emotion was behind it . but it wasn't the main drive by far . http://i1177.photobucket.com/albums/x345/Industry_Ink/tumblr_m22r2thejO1qcuh8uo1_250.gifhttp://i1177.photobucket.com/albums/x345/Industry_Ink/tumblr_m22r2thejO1qcuh8uo2_250.gif ... here are some of the people i get along with well . kathy - infp , probably tat - i'm guessing isfp brittany - entp . she is my best friend . john - infp . boyfriend . michael - intj . ex-boyfriend ... what is that metal piece called ? how do i do this ? : blushed : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-GHX8dvuFUQ this was so cool and so brilliant . and the sound effects , hrrrnnng . i think i came . http://i1177.photobucket.com/albums/x345/Industry_Ink/huggg.jpg i tend to keep icons and images of favorite characters . so if you don't mind , this is going to turn into a small image dump . i have a lot of favorite characters , more than i'm going to list ... i don't usually think about it . i treat the internet like a real place . anything i say here is honest . anything i don't say is left out on purpose . no , but i really like that song . i don't study much but when i do it's usually in-between classes . i just sit down somewhere and read the section over , scanning it over and over again quickly and briefly . i pull out whatever i think ... honestly , at the moment i could use some sexy time and some chinese food . :P random word generator . next up i'm googling urbandictionary integrity . i wonder what they have to say about that . all i know is that in any relationship you have to be open and honest . ask her if you can just sit and talk to her . be very gentle about it and take it slow . what kind of pet peeves do entjs have in relationships ? contrariwise , what do they enjoy from their partner ? i think it's because you guys are brilliant and sexy . waaay too much of a threat . haha , oh you . get outta here , entp . ;D i'd feel like i was taking advantage of guys and whoring myself out . i do the same things . i love being scared , but it's hard to get me that way . sometimes i sit and wonder why things have to be so difficult . ( gosh ... it's hard to think of things i do when i'm ... i think dressing sexy is just something that intps don't do . i normally don't . i feel extremely , extremely uncomfortable when i go out looking sexy and then start to notice tons of eyes prying ... here's yet another viewpoint , although i'm sure it's been drilled in everyone's head by now that we don't go where all the people are . most of the time i spend time in my cave , too . computer , art , ... oh god , why did you tell me to try omegle ? usually when i use it i just get the asl routine , but this time it turned onto a full , in-depth conversation about sexuality . and it was interesting . and ... when i have free time and am on the computer , i gather data . lots and lots of data . my typical computer session these days involves : - open tumblr , then continuously like or reblog whatever i ... well , here's the ideas that are mulling around in my head since you asked for them . i think god is a concept that human beings naturally create . i'm not sure why we make-up the concept , but ... yes , i do . but i want only one child , and i would like it to be a boy . i'm only 21 but i have it pretty firmly settled in my mind that i want a husband and a boy . here are my name ideas . the girl ... why is it that whatever i'm searching for on the internet never gives me the results i'm looking for ? i've been at it , trying to find a perfect online community for what seems like decades . i want a ... wow , this is interesting . thank you . i know 23,200 . i was also very honest . if i wasn't entirely sure on a word , i left it unchecked . i need a larger vocabulary . i'm an intp and yet i identify with these stereotypes . 1 . ) artistic - absolutely . 2 . ) rebellious - no , just going along with the system is easier unless i disagree with it . 3 . ) animal lovers - ... humans are killing machines . it's all good . i'm not making istp's a beaver . for one , my brother is an istp and although i can kinda see it it's still ridiculous and embarrassing . i wouldn't say istp's are big cats , though ... as of the infj ... oh hello , what is this ? i'm sorry , bro , but you guys aren't that awesome . you're pretty awesome . but never as awesome as vermillion clouds spouting out rainbows and unicorns and - - what ? ... you know , my brother is an istp and i can totally see him as an otter . maybe istps should take the otter role ? i think beaver suits istj okay , perhaps , but would any type want to be associated with ... yep , speedy sketches . ah well , part of the point of this is to get adorable , loveable mascots that every type can agree happily with . but i just can't help but feel that intjs are rodents ... and ... http://i1177.photobucket.com/albums/x345/Industry_Ink/100_2611.jpg i can see entp as either ... but i think monkey is pretty appropriate .  ... yes , the great one . absolutely brilliant . i'll get right to it . http://i1177.photobucket.com/albums/x345/Industry_Ink/100_2610.jpg < intj . it's so fluffeh ! theowl , i'm liking your choices so ... ahh so sorry guys , i got sidetracked by life . let's just blame it on me being an intp for now . i'll edit this with a lengthy reply in just a moment . thank you , istj's , for sticking to the job and getting it done ! something i tend to fail at . ;P an idea just struck me . no surprise there , but i think it might be a fun project . what if i drew little mascots representing each personality type , and then afterwards stuck them all together on a ... thank you very much , guys . i find it strange that i don't have any entj friends . i can tell that none of them are of that type . but it won't be long until i start to pick them out from the crowd ... eh ... i can see how intps are considered lazy . i don't really care about application . i care about philosophizing and mulling thoughts over , but i do want them to be for something useful in the long ... ahh , thank you . i'm not a very go-and-get-'em type , but that gave me a very big clue as to where i can scout out some entj's . on a whole , i want to become better and spotting and picking out types ... i'm really shy and bad at reading people , so first of all , can anyone tell me how i can spot an entj ? i'm not sure if i know any or not , but i'm curious about them and would like to at least observe ... i dated an intj . i left for many reasons , but the ones that i can call to mind right now are that he was far too critical and also lazy to the point where it was ridiculous . i loved talking to him to ... i really appreciate it when somebody ... actually listens to what i have to say and supplies me with decent feedback . going over what has been mentioned so far ... death note : i love it ... to death . inception : i hate it . my little pony : i'm obsessed . blade runner : one of my favorites . the matrix : i like the ... hm ... maybe they just relate to the characters . could be as simple as that . or they really like the characters . the thing i enjoy about anime and manga is that it allows for such a variety of ... haha , it's no big deal . it's just when i initially saw it i got that creepy feeling . yes ! i love god module . is anyone else creeped out by the thank you feature , just for picture threads like these ? it makes me wonder why you appreciate my post . getting a stalker vibe out of the whole deal ... :/ it ticks me off when people don't listen to the topic areas that i know best , like art . i would think that even though i don't have the charisma that you should still listen to me exclusively because ... '