' i'm pretty sure i fight other kinds of windmills ... can't think of any at the moment , but i'm sure i've gotten overly upset over small things . not necessarily . i tend to have extremely loose standards for others . not really sure why , might come from not liking conflict . introvert isn't the same as shy , actually - you can have shy extroverts who want to be in a group of people but are too nervous too , and introverts who are just fine going up to people when they want ... why did you want to be enfj ? ( just curious ) you sound infj to me . introverts don't dislike people , they just need their time alone , whereas extroverts get tired out by being alone too long . that's an interesting way of putting it xd i'm a letter away from you , but i'm the same way about dark stories . used to wonder if there was something wrong with me because of it . democratic schools , maybe ? like , the sort where things get decided by students and teachers voting . i went to an alternative high school that did that , and there were a lot more nfs in comparison to ... depends what you're talking about ... there's the ends justify the means darkside , and the righteous anger berserker mode , both of which were already mentioned . what i first thought to post about ... myself , i was kind of amused by the thread . kind of like funny culture clash situations , except with a look into other peoples ' minds instead of a different location . i think it's partly that ... i've noticed that , for me , communicating with other types can get tricky . my roommate and i can go in circles for half an hour before realizing that we're both saying the same thing , but in different ... sometimes the cost is too great . and if the girl just doesn't want to be with the guy , sometimes there's nothing to be done . i've been in situations that could have looked like someone was doing this to me , but i already know my friend works too much sometimes and can't get online , so i've never thought it was this . i ... i do . during programming today . it was awkward . in general , i don't do it too often , and this most recent instance was probably partially caused by me having eaten too much corn lately . ( my ... stop * ^ & ( * ) ( * ( apologizing , i actually want to talk to you . said only in my head . when people keep apologizing for sharing deep thoughts with me because they think it's depressing . they think ... lol , i can't dance . look stupid when i try to do the modern stuff . old style dances can be fun , though - easier , since there's specific steps in a specific order . yes . platonic , but i don't think that makes it any less loving . it's strangely similar to when i was really religious . i love you now . so much . carton is awesome . ( or are you just using knowledge from one of my other posts against me ? ) but , fangirling aside ... i actually did think of him when i wrote that , but my ... i remember learning that lesson a couple years ago , and i'm really glad i did . used to be trying so hard to do things right that i'd stress myself out , get depressed , and not realize that what i was ... huh , i've never encountered that . though , i seem to be good at avoiding annoying people before they start getting really annoying , and the infjs i've been friends with have all been depressed at some ... that , and i think sometimes we get really sure that we're right about something , even if an authority disagrees . in response to chocolate : the chocolate thing is really only short term , anyway . if you get the semisweet kind that's meant for baking but isn't so dark it tastes bitter , then there's less sugar . my ... huh , i hadn't known that . martial arts can be a good activity , but it depends on the personality of the instructor . it stops being fun when the teacher takes it way more seriously than you do . if enfj depression is anything like infj depression , you might find the book feeling good : the new mood therapy helpful . also , chocolate , exercise , getting out of the house , eating enough , and having ... i don't think it's always an issue . infps don't like conflict , if i remember correctly , which is also the case for my type . my roommate is extremely p , but i don't bother her about it because i don't ... i actually find it really interesting that he's on the same list as a lot of people who are considered heroes . i guess i consider it a cautionary thing about how we can go wrong . i don't have that problem a whole lot - the getting sensitive to criticism and such . i think i might have a really developed t or something . my parents wanted me to go into the sciences ( and i kinda ... thanks for recommending that . i was actually going to , but on another forum i'm recommending it all the time and i keep feeling silly for having the same answer for so many people . that , and i just ... i don't do romance , but hugs are great . strong but non-specific feeling of connectedness =/ = a sign that i should become christian . i guess it might've been , but i'd been sure i was gonna stay in the religion forever , and then it all fell ... i think one of the things about infjs is they'll go all-out for their core values . one of the seeming paradoxes i really like is that mother theresa and hitler were supposedly both infj . if you ... so ... is it just me , or do infj ( or at least nf ) types seem to be popular as main characters ? i think it might be because they fit well with a heroic type plot . good for you =) i need to start using ni more , apparently . this is the kinds of decisions i wish i could make . even now , a lot of my morality comes from christianity . my family was presbyterian , though , so the values i picked up on were fairly liberal . i do remember it took months before i could be in the ... you know ... i somehow managed to forget a pretty important bold thing . didn't think of it because it's not like standing up to another person or doing something in public . when i left christianity ... darnay and carton from a tale of two cities . mostly darnay , because i really identified with his trying to fix the bad stuff the aristocracy did and failing . i've noticed that irl , communication is a bit easier between people of the same type , so maybe it's that we all think similar here , and so we talk similar because of it ? i can get really disturbed by the same creepy stuff i get interested in . i'm not really sure where the line is - it seems to move around , and to depend a lot on the situation . yeah , he probably does still think he's right . as i understand it , infjs don't enjoy arguing , so we'll sometimes back down and leave it unresolved , or even pretend to agree . gets the arguing done ... as i understand it , genetics can predisposition you for a certain personality type , but they're not the only factor . i've heard that some people do think jesus was infj . a bit late to test that , though , and i'd imagine he'd be too busy for personality tests when the apocalypse happens . i don't think dieing makes it absolutely selfless . people might do something like that because it's important to them to be thought well of after they're gone , or because they believe in an afterlife . i do get like that about scary things a lot . i think i enjoy feeling empathy for bad things , for some reason . i was interested in mental health things when i was younger , but that might have always ... i'm surprised how many other tech people are here ... i've had someone tell me i was most likely intj ( actually infj ) partly because of my major . i figure i can probably just fake t pretty well , or am ... well , i figure the high empathy probably helps with imagining what it would be like to be someone else . i can get really into character , to the point of physically feeling some of what my character ... oldest of two , and i think the only nf in the family . my parents are both nerdy introverts like i am , though , and my sister and i get along really well these days , so it works . i doubt i'll ever have a problem with not enough money . i developed a habit of saving a lot as a kid , and it's held up pretty well . these days , i've got a mentality about money in addition to that ... usually don't do bold things in general . all i can think of are the few times when i yell at my dad for yelling at my sister , and those are just because it makes me mad to have people yelling at each ... i guess you can probably bring just about anything someone does back to some sort of attempt to make themselves happy or appease their psychology ( the latter being in the case of self destructive ... aah , i see . thanks for the clarification . '