lmao ' most empathetic and least judgmental type ? ' did you forget about infjs ? and infps can be plenty judgmental . again , nothing that any othe feeler can't do . um , again , art being produced ... harris is intp nice truism there what's your career ? seems like my posts have offended you . i make reasonable points : if people want to bring up examples of infps ( particularly 4w5s ) who are creating complex , interesting things then they should go for ... uhh i never asked for your help + i really don't care if you find me weak um you only know me from one thread here . enough with the mental health level stuff . talking to someone about their mental health when your opinions are unsolicited is not only ' condescending ' but ... lmao who are you to say what's out of the question ? why does someone need to be convinced of their stance ? you seem pretty contradictory yourself infps are all about happy ? yeah sorry , you don't seem familiar with too many infps . wow , how wildly inappropriate and disgusting to speculate about someone's mental health and assign them a ' for ... hmm wasn't as much self-pity as genuine confusion as to what contributions infps make and how valuable they are . perhaps a futile exercise but i think it's interesting how infp work tends to have a ... i'm always cool nah just being angsty and absurd hmm isn't the value of what's being said quite subjective > ? lol trolling because i have different ideas on how people might be typed ? okay they sound boring lol okay stop wasting your time on people you find annoying eh i think tolkien was probably intp . emily bronte is thought to be infj . i don't know about tolstory . emily dickinson was probably intp or infj . lmao infjs become the characters ... they're probably better actors than infps are + they tend to be more driven so they're more likely to become famous . the famous eccentric actors like daniel day ... i've watched lots of interviews with well-regarded contemporary writers and they all strike me as not infp . one exception would be marilynne robinson there are more infj or intj well-regarded writers . not much different from bipolar disorder , is it mmm shakespeare might have been enfp ... he was apparently quite charming with the ladies . audrey was sweet but not particularly talented ; seems that every big , respected actor is infj , honestly . van ... infps are about happy , not sad ? uh , maybe the enneagram 9s . 4w5s are mainly miserable . and everyone brings love to the world . a lot of infps wallow in sadness and despair most of the time and ... hmm if anything it's actually the reverse but not even that really ... infjs are visionaries in terms of the future of mankind because of that ni + fe combo ... a few pages back someone left a great ... an enfp could've done that , easy nobody takes care of the world's pain more ? infjs ? i know it's just a framework , but it's shocking how similar infp art and music tends to be . yeah , i wonder if it's that easy ! interesting how different types tend to have more similar styles ... i ... oh yeah , i know , i just wonder if fi-ne is only capable of producing anything but that distinct sound / look i talked about ... hmm , do we know for sure that it isn't type preventing us ? infp music does tend to have a very distinct vibe to it , honestly yeah , i know , i just haven't seen too many infps ( particularly 4w5s ) really excel and be less depressed and do interesting things , you know ? ( as much as interesting is subjective , still ) eh , idk about that . none of these apply to me ... er ... i can totally get someone enjoying elliot smith's music but his music is quite simple . i suppose he adds his own brand of authenticity to a kind of musical pattern that was well-worn before he ... thanks for a thoughtful response . it's hard not to compare my processes to others ' processes + get jealous that they seem to have innate coping mechanisms + an inherently more interesting ... what's your point ? i'm trying to understand the value in dom-fi ... i'd like to be creative in interesting ways and not repeat some old fi-ne patterns which many musicians seem to have done but it ... really ? i think we're all having an interesting conversation about what is worthwhile in life and in creativity and you think elliott smith was original ? sad guy with a guitar ? i'm taking it personally because you made a personal comment ... about me . lol . how does one not take a comment about them personally ? other types can be depressed but according to posts i have seen over time and various charts and surveys done , infps tend to be more depressive more regularly than most others . well it's not ' wrong ' but why should anyone bother trying to get ' good ' at anything ? what is good ? well the title is probably hyperbole but infps do tend to really really struggle in a way most people of other types maybe don't fully relate to . we don't get much done , we don't have much concrete ... it's not very kind to publicly suggest someone you've never met is going thru something when you've never met them / they've never reached out to you . infjs don't see the good and the immoral and the spectrum of emotion as experienced by other people ? is fi really worth it when you consider how many infps seem to suffer quite considerably on a ... infps can have just as ridiculous ideas and beliefs as any nt ... do you really hope i work it out ? doesn't seem like it . passive aggressively wishing someone ' works out ' the stuff they're going through is pretty shitty . of course art doesn't have to be ... isfp in rowling ? ? ? no way ... i doubt there are many if any famous isfp authors and the world that jk created definitely was built by an intuitive . yeah , i feel like infjs can listen quite well ... lmao examples of infps that are useless ? idk , look over a bunch of threads here by self-proclaimed useless infps . you can't jujst be like ' we are the dreamers that change the world ' etc etc and ... david foster wallace is intp and i assume don delillo is as well ( although i haven't read anything of his for awhile ) . anyone who has been close to intps will recognize the hyper-precise way dfw ... aren't all types capable of genuine love ?