' i don't think anything about her is an istj . not a one . she may show traits that people misconstrue as being istj , but that's just because of whatever stresses she's under at those times . i can identify with having a strange attraction to things far against my moral code . what i know is that even those i sometimes like those things in my entertainment , i have no interest in those ... omg yes . freakin + 1 on that jcal i feel like i'm way way way more accepting of the possibility that i'm wrong or can't see something from a certain point of view than most are and yet i get called ... well , it's often non-istj women starting those threads . i guess istj women are generally less problematic for non-istj guys ? yeah , what i meant by really obvious is at least 100 times more obvious than saying good friend and brother in fact , that's the opposite . if he objected at a time after you said good friend or ... it's not just an issue for you , it's an issue i think many istjs have . and the reason we have it is just because of how our minds work . there is nothing wrong with needing more time to process ... if i'm reading this right , you are saying that you are open to having a relationship further than just great friends ? in that case , even if you don't feel like you can directly say i want to have a ... i don't really know . probably just around each other too much too soon ? she was possibly just distracted ( though i wouldn't put it this way ) with life stuff since the whole trip was about helping her ... he definitely thinks of you as more than a friend and definitely quite likely as a love interest . i wouldn't say 100 % for sure until he actually says this though . if anything , i imagine he's very ... i absolutely agree with not forcing yourself to rush and making people wait . if they don't have the patience to let you gather your thoughts they might not be worth the time it takes to talk to them ... that is a gross exaggeration . any human can understand any other human if both sides put in the work to do it . if they don't then yeah , they won't understand . saying an istx would never ... if he wasn't just having a bad day , explaining that clearly , like no i actually really want to know how you're doing and i'm prepared to listen to what you have to say seriously and won't get bored ... i don't think love language is so completely related to mbti types in that way . like i said , i actually like physical affection . though i do agree with too much surface level instances of it being ... i wouldn't call that being a pseudo-istj , just an intj with those particular qualities . i definitely identify with having musical taste all over the place and even getting introduced to stuff through other forms of media , but overall i think my taste is a little more 4 if we're going ... a good reset , reboot , reevaluation is refreshing . well , it certainly went . no problems or anything , but not much conversation outside of language questions of basic stuff . i feel like i really shouldn't have driven her from the viewpoint of ... i see , yeah i had a really hard time understanding exactly what the thread was about . about the song , it's funny because the song is just about hokkaido japan as a place and has entire verses of ... chuckle produced in record time even out of context . i believe the data shows this humor to be what could be classified as highly effective . experience noted , enjoyed , filed . thank you . i dunno , i'm not into it at all . i feel like si tends to create artistic taste in istj's that is completely relative to their experience growing up rather than anything else . i've never met an ... too late , i already did and she said ok and not only that but she has to go today instead of saturday which i'm perfectly fine with but yeah ! : shocked : yeah , thanks . i helped her out today to get a look at the area she's thinking of moving to and although all i did was drive her there and back is was a pretty good day and i got super happy about it ... i just meant like , if their personality just constantly and unintentionally conflicts with mine often . although , if it was intentional that would obviously be a red flag too lol i see , thanks for ... islandlight that sounds like the kind of reason i might give when i'm trying to lie my way out of something . definitely seems like a bad sign to me . to be honest , i'm not 100 % sure yet , but ... yeah , being an istj , as much as that excited part is super loud right now , the more rational part isn't convinced yet . i talked with my roommate about it and we reached the conclusion that i need to ... i definitely concur on ne for istj's being a negative thing almost completely in my experience . i use it , for sure , but it always comes out naturally only when i'm really stressed out and can't ... i can't give any advice , unfortunately , but i can say that i also have difficulty getting a long with the estj's i've met , so you're not alone in that . i'm actually interested to hear any ... so , i am sort of getting to know a girl one my own terms for the first time ever . by which i mean , i'm the one inviting her out , and i met her on my own rather than through friends who already knew ... yeah i felt the exact same way reading that , niss thankfully it ended well lol curry is the ultimate in food delivery methods . that is the worst thing about being the quiet one , when people decide to take that as being good manners or like self-control , or whatever other thing they want to reward you for when all you want is ... 1 . please define empathy . from the mirriam-webster : the action of understanding , being aware of , being sensitive to , and vicariously experiencing the feelings , thoughts , and experience of another ... i am sorry this is off-topic but your avatar is driving me insane right now . i looked at it for like 3 seconds and now it's become one of those unscratchable mental itches . nothing . it's pretty much just a normal day for me . maybe at the very most i'd like to have a nice dinner with a so , but other than that i don't really want any kind of celebration and even when i ... if he can change at all it's going to take a very long time . i think he originally said 4 years on his own for really good reason . you will not be able to rush him to mature , and some aspects of ... omg yes that ft . inconsistency absolutely kills me . you said it in much more detail , but yeah , all of that that you said . lol if it wasn't a breakup i'd actually appreciate such detail , but since it is , i agree it's probably too much . especially if the istj is in love with you it does seem strange that a bunch of people have been banned all at once i have literally only felt real , effortless ( as in i wasn't specifically trying to understand or specifically trying to relate or empathize ) empathy probably twice in my life . once was the ... you spend several hours maybe even spread over multiple days tagging all of your music . adding album covers , fixing genre listings , improperly named tags etc . if he's like me , he might be running away because he literally can't process anything anymore and just needs to shut off to regain energy to even be able to think or talk . i get angry when ... weekend thanks , for real . i think i knew that , but i've been resisting because in some ways , even though i'm afraid of mediocrity , another part is afraid of becoming something more , which is what ... i mean , there's some other people i talk to outside of this close circle that i definitely have deep talks with but it's like , to me , their problems are still their problems , not mine . so while ... how do i even do this ? i mean , i'm living with what i would consider to be very supportive people even by most people's standards . at least i think so . again , i think i have this already but ... this is something i've definitely had an issue with for a long time now too . not really sure how to deal with it either i'm 3 years late to my own thread . sorry , i think i just panicked and needed to say something , and it's kind of happening again . i forgot i even made this thread . see , i feel like i am very ... no , japanese can be spoken genderless unless you specifically point it out . i mostly watch anime , read manga , play games ( specifically character action games like dmc , mgr , bayonetta , etc . ) . i haven't done it since i was a kid but i've always liked mountain biking and camping ... personally i kind of hate that i am an istj . living with an entp i see the power of ne ti and with infj the power of ni fe and i just hate how selfish it makes me feel . i don't have self-discipline ... i have an infp friend . she has been pretty strongly affected by her life experiences so she gets angry or upset somewhat easily and often with me ( i think ) . i want to be her friend , and i know she ... '