' http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=znJGiSqfbas with rainymood.com : rain makes everything better . enabled ! lucid dreaming is a really fun experience ... i can do it as far as i can remember my self , it really energizes you . exactly my thoughts i can play the guitar but in my 2 years of experience i only managed to write one song xd so i dont consider my self musician but a guy who just plays the guitar . its funny that the most of us here ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kf9kWqvm57k&feature=player_embedded if its metal and i am in a good mood i headbang sometimes i mean the whole situation , when you are in that phase lets say , you tend to make many irrational decisions ( am not saying its bad or am against it ) but as napoleptic said above the right word ... what are your thoughts on this ? i definitely believe that it is . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ACp0kXO6M0w interesting topic . what drives me : if we give exception to the last 2 years of my life nothing could drive me to do anything . as misterjordan also mentioned above i decided what could make my ... right handed left eyebrow ;p 14425 22 inch screen my 3 year old laptop frappe ( the coffee ) notepapper usb stick guitar tuner and 2 hand wraps for training http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_VTfrF6TWU destroy everything ! obliterate what makes us weak , destroy everything ! decimate what threatens me . i believe thats intj-ish ;p i scored around 105 on various emotional intelligence tests ( some were 95 to 115 ) and i tend to do all of the above you mentioned helping friends and want to be kind to everybody . edit : i forgot ... 3.5 days straight without sleeping i was in a camping site without somewere to lie on the humidity was sky high and there were mosquitos everywere but i didnt hallucinate but everything was moving ... well ... wolfenstein ! diablo 1 2 warcraft 1 2 3 starcraft 1 doom 1 2 sim city 2000 red alert 1 2 commandos all of them epic games http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YdqT3MDAG2w post rock :) one of the few kinds of music that say so much more than a convinient song without a single word . am 20 had lots of kisses during the years but never a real one , one with a person that i honestly like . i believe you can go with the quality or the quontity . as i have seen from the above post you ... i used to have a fear of hights until i worked on a construction site with some ladders ( dont know the exact word and too lazy to search ;p ) - the ones that they put when they build tall buildings - ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bRd6En458Zw&feature=share hatebreed ! its on the sig ! i would say sunset mission noir jazz damn nice ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=znJGiSqfbas so ... i have seen that some people from here enjoy art ! ( in many forms ) so how about creating a showcase here with things you have created . ill start with an image i created using my poor ... in school i was the quiet one but i was able to blend in , in various groups i was never bullied and classicaly everyone that didnt know me was scared to even talk to me ( oh well ) . my grades were ... even in dead ( yet interesting ) thread i would prefer to stay right here ... i could make a whole thread for the music that i like ... but in short : anything that sounds good to my ears and has good lyrics ( by good i mean not the kind rnb has :d ry : ) . the most songs i like ... for me its the queen because it can always be used as it is necessary and then the knight for all the traits you mentioned above ! edit : nevermind ! xd i have to agree here feelers are only black and white , there no shade of gray anywere wolf , would be for me my 2 intj and one intp friends http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=du07ZUsnIcI am starting to think this song was written for intjs ... good selections ;) ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YOe7uvm-kp4 anyone else digs doom metal ? oh definitely , the dark toned clothes give off an aura of a really dynamic character and the piercing stare that comes natural to us plus direct eye contact just does the work to keep others away xd am pretty big i am 1.84 and well built but not bald yet ;p ill wait for 10 to 20 more years for that . i used to have an afro though ! btw i can totally relate with what sherkanner said about ... exactly as you said people that are not close to me think that am gonna tear them apart but i think that was a good thing especially in school none ever tried to bullshit me or annoy me and all that ... i was born in greece moved to cyprus in 96 not missing it a bit :) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cq9j5JaMEEU alter bridge rocks :) i am currently living in cyprus i agree with sanskrit 100 % martial arts especially kick boxing muay thai and that kind of staff are perfect for exercise to boost your health level but they are very dangerous if you use it against ... i am 20 yrs and if i was in his place i would be really and i mean really hurt by that situation and i would not try a relation with you . what happened here is that you got with an other guy , ( that ... man awesome bikes when i recover from my bike accident ( in 3 years or something t . t ) am going to buy a benelli tnt cafe racer . well facebook actually is useful to track down some old friends or information gathering about people i started my studies 2 years ago for a bachelor in business information systems i still don't know what i want to follow as a master's degree and phd mmm for me its startcraft 1,2 warcraft 1,2 , 3 i used to play wow for a long time diablo was nice too ( can say that i am blizzard funboy ;p ) oldschool c & c ( red alert 1,2 and some expansions ) ... i personally like competition in subjects that i like because if have someone to compete with i believe i improve my self in that subject in order to surpass that person from my loved one definitely hug / kisses http://a8.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-ash2/73978_453065925677_590170677_5494349_6953963_n.jpg here's my ugly mag too : tongue : '