' i'm so glad it's not just me ! i've lost a few friends in my time because i've been going through personal problems and haven't been feeling very outgoing . it's horrible ! i definitely agree that it's ... do you find people that you get along with easily ? sorta . i can easily communicate with people and hold a pleasant conversation but i'm a bit shy and think i come across as slightly socially awkward ... this is me , all over . i am constantly in a state of daydream , and i often have people asking if i'm even listening to what they're saying mid-conversation . i do try and concentrate , but sometimes my ... hello everyone ! so after a looong time away from this site , i have returned with another vent-y type post ! yay . i'm not entirely sure if this is an isfp thing or it's just me being weird , but i ... the biggest daily struggle for me is having to communicate with other human beings without saying something stupid or rambling about stuff nobody cares about for hours . i feel so different from ... welcome fellow isfp ! * waves * i'm 5w6 ! hi ! i'm isfp , and my favourite lyric at the moment is from domino the destitute by coheed and cambria . if you had the courage to stop me from turning into what would be the worst in everybody's ... i panic . and stand there looking like this : 82685 i've dated what i saw as an esfp , entj and intj . ( they never took the test , it's just what they came across as to me ! ) . the esfp was the one i got along with the best and was more stable with ... you just described the story of my life , damn . i'm so bad at socialising . i feel like everybody just thinks i'm weird , because i'm not into the same stuff that they are . i never seem to be able to ... capricorn and year of the dog :) done :p roud : i'm one of those people most women hate because i eat enough to feed 4 but never put on much weight ... : unsure : i'm right in the middle of ' healthy weight ' . :p roud : as annoying as this habit is for us , at least now we know we're not alone in this ! i tried making a large portfolio of my work too a few months back , but i had the same problem . i have half-finished ... being betrayed or hurt by someone i love and trust . vomiting ( i'm an emetophobe ! ) going insane / senile . the thought of having a bad or stressful future . i don't know , stuff like that scares me . :( back straight , shoulders back , chest out , one foot in front of the other and there you go ! i wouldn't listen to me though . i might be female but i never wear heels . ever . i'm more of a jeans ' n ' ... yes . and when people shorten session to sesh . people where i live ( mainly wannabe gangstas ) say it all the time . oi mate you wanna go for a smokin ' sesh outside ? grrr ! i am very passive . i posted a thread on this forum before asking if anybody else has an issue saying ' no ' to people . i have this horrible tendency to agree just for the mere avoidance of conflict or ... ; u ; aw aw aw aw you're so nice ! thank you ! i don't care how old this thread is , your post made me smile so much ! * hands out beer to everyone * : wink : welcome to perc ! hi ! i've never actually been close to an esfj in real life , so i'm not all that positive how well i'd get on with one ! i guess the sensitive sides to us would help , as we're both somewhat sympathetic ... http://swagfresh.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/husky_hood_1.jpg that's the hat i have . that's not me wearing it by the way ! i dunno what you'd judge me as from that , but there you go anyway ... how do i deal with it ? very badly . personally i hate job interviews . i hate being on the spot and the feeling that i'm sitting there being judged by somebody and everything i say is being analysed , ... when you accidentally tread on an ant or other little bug , and then proceed to feel guilty for the next hour that you killed something by accident . or delete the folder ' c : windowssystem 32 ' . i'm at work . should probably be working but eh , perc is more entertaining . i confess that sometimes i notice stupid habits in people that other people don't pick up on . there's a guy i work with who is an ex-drummer and when we have the radio on in the office he's ... i feel like i connect most with canines ( mostly foxes and wolves ) and also rabbits . which is quite strange considering they're pretty much opposites and wolves n ' foxes tend to eat rabbits ... but ... i have this too ! i always find that people laugh and joke more at the people that just aren't funny , and when i say something i think is funny , nobody even cracks a smile . it's frustrating ! i feel ... this . this is so me ! i am exactly the same , when it comes to meeting new people and trying to make a good impression , i end up saying stupid things , stumbling over my words and failing at being ... - people who eat noisily - loud people who shout when they're standing right next to you - persistent liars - vain people / cocky people / arrogant people - attention seekers - when i sit down to draw and ... the way i see it is ; if it's catchy , listen to it . who cares what genre it is ! i wish more people were open-minded like that though . in school i got called devil worshipper , wannabe goth , freak ... 1 . i'm okay , really tired though . i'm always tired around this time of day , no idea why . 2 . i'm thinking that i want to go home and go to sleep ! i've also got thoughts running through my head about ... personally , i start drawing with a very rough sketch . i'm a digital artist so i work with layers . this can work on paper as well though . if you do a very rough outline ( don't worry about ... spyro , crash bandicoot , theme hospital ... i miss my ps1 . and my n64 . i really fancy some southern fried chicken , or pizza . mmmm . i'm at work . thank god it's friday though ! roll on the weekend ! for me , my comfort food is anything that is sugary , ' cause i have a sweet tooth . so any sort of candy would suffice . either that or something really bad for me , like chinese takeaway or a juicy ... my turn ! i also absolutely love this post , i've made comments in red . i last googled : hp envy phoenix pc reviews . not very interesting , but i want a new pc . :P i'm right-handed . my left hand is prretty much only used when i need to hold something two-handed or when i type ... it can't do much else . i tried to write my name with my left hand yesterday and it ... i'd love to dance , but purely for expressional reasons than performing . i don't like being the center of attention , so i wouldn't want to perform ! i do sometimes wish i was a good dancer though . my ... haha technically , yes ! but he was still an idiot . : tongue : well my ex was a physics graduate so he used to say that physics was useful and art wasn't because apparently nobody can get anywhere with an art degree anymore . :d ry : aviation . i'm right handed ! i must be weird yay ~ : laughing : i was 13 ( almost 14 ) , but i regret it . i rushed into it because i felt like i was alone otherwise . needless to say , it didn't work out and now i'm single again . i've had a few relationships since but ... ahaha yeah , i get it a lot when i'm put on the spot . in my german speaking exam back in college , because they literally sit you down , press record on a voice recorder and expect you to talk in german ... welcome to perc , kiarie ! '