' haha ! well , like i said , i like what music of hers i've heard ... except the one with beyonce , that annoyed me yes dexter ! never thought of him but i should've . love that show . i wish i could add something awesome but all i can think of is mulder from x files ( may have butchered the spell ) well what makes you think ga ga is fake ? ? i don't know a ton about her , but from what i've seen and her music , which is often times pretty sweet ( not gonna lie ) , her strangeness seems pretty ... yes yes , that is exactly how i feel . anything is good if it is real . i see . well personally i don't feel that way about most things ... i am almost compelled to do things that i am afraid of ... unless it is a horrible horrible fear , then it requires some meditation . so ... the creator “ this is not how i made you ” said the creator and my heart broke all over again no one is aware or they say nothing below is space to say it : embarrassing i don ’ t speak because the first sentence is a hurtle i always hit then they would see into a personal hell , a garden once great now smothered in ash how is it ... fireworks disney commercials for kids “ do you want to be famous ? soak it up on the top for your very own fifteen minutes ? ” that ’ s validating existence we never sat around , sipping beers , ... you need an everything category ! i think bravery is doing what you are afraid of . the bravest souls in the world wouldn't be brave without fear . but maybe i just can't stand the idea that i am a coward : laughing : but seriously , ... hah i'd say yes ! happy , doesn't it say on your icon that you are an enfp ? ? hey , i know dave matthews wouldn't be an infp , but does anyone with typing skills and a love for dave music have an idea ? based on his lyrics , i'd say probably an nf . that's as far as i go . and ... ^ ^ thats good . and i'd also say that when i get in funks , if i can do random acts of kindness for others , it really helps bring me down to earth ... easier said than done tho when everything looks like ... yes yes . its so nice to see i'm not the only one haha yes yes . and i don't mean to be derogatory . i obviously find myself reading self help things as well , whether at a book store or the internet or wherever . actually , tony robbins is a personal ... talking through things in a non judgmental way can be good . i can understand that sometimes its hard to not take some of the bullshit personally but usually that just inflames the problem . my ... i find much inspiration from the self help field ... although i try not to . i also am very interested in biographies and such because learning about someone else's struggles and journeys gives me ... i have a hard time believing jim was introverted , but i suppose its possible . he is ridiculously quiet in interviews ... but that could just be because he was high most of the time ... and on stage he ... john lennon ! ... ? and earlier someone suggested jim morrison . no way , he was an esf * maybe one rainy day ... hmm ! i actually didn't know that . no doubt he was one crazy motherfucker . but if its true that he was not naturally charismatic--what misguided personality type would you toss him into ? i don't think infps are completely selfless . i am certainly self absorbed at times ... sometimes all i want is to forget about other people's needs and wants and focus on my own . but , i do agree ... this is a great topic - - kind of lifts me up a little . i'm glad i'm not the only one who feels this awful pressure . i tried when i was younger to fit in because , as a child , being myself proved to be ... yeah i remember reading that hitler was an enfj and it made sense to me because of their charisma and , when you think about it , he was obviously very passionate--very emotional . and i'd say extremely ... hey thanks a lot i sometimes feel paralyzed . exactly like apollo said , i feel that something is wrong but i struggle to stand up and do something about it at times . i feel serious rebellion within , but it only makes ... yes i can absolutely relate . in a way , its just a human thing . something that we all have to find a way to deal with and move past in our own way . on a side note , can someone tell me what ne ... uh , i'm gonna go the classic rout : john lennon totally a badass as for his category ... hmmm . infp infj ? ? i think probably an introvert ... although he was good at being outgoing , he kept ... haha yes i know exactly what you mean . there is so much poetry can do and i feel like there is an overly professional elitist idea behind a lot of current poetry . it strikes me as kind of ... bullshit . i suppose it depends on where you look . i've noticed that lots of published poetry--especially in the larger mags and publishing companies - - places a lot of importance on meaning ( as opposed to ... haha i find this hilarious in its relateability and in knowing that i'll probably find it a disappointing truth when i hit my next down . some people who know me think i'm crazy ... hell , i think ... lol this is totally me . i pace subconsciously , pick my nails endlessly , and find myself tinkering with random objects in all sorts of environments and aimlessly walking around feeling things and ... what is your opinion on post-rock ? what attracts you to it and what are some of your favorite groups ? or if you don't like it , how's that going for you ? post-rock is also used in a lot of movies ... ^ ^ ^ and all god's bastard children say : amen i have always done just under or just over average in school . always . even in elementary . now , i'm in college and its no different . i despise most aspects of organized education . i feel that it just ... my girlfriend is an infj and this sounds just like her . i have some similarities myself , but not a lot . most of my anger ends up being accidentally directed at myself . but yes , people don't change ... i like wit just as much as ridiculous and even stupid humor . i can be pretty dry and sarcastic and , yes like all you guys , dark . i guess it just depends on my mood ... and who you are around . some of ... i am absolutely not a professional musician . i've played a lot of little gigs over the last few years but i've never gotten paid . i think performing can be a wonderful thing and if you can share what ... but no seriously i spent a lot of time getting pretty good at the guitar over the last few years . it's become a great vehicle to express myself , but i aim to please too much for my own good . i ... i try to convince myself i'm artistic ... or maybe i'm just geniously humble ! ! ! oh and as for people--you can try to love em , but i personally don't see any problem with cynicism in reasonable doses . i'm sure all you infj's out there would agree that you can be totally happy and ... sizzorhandz ( i love that movie by the way , and i think most infp's know what he feels ) , there's a lot of great advice here so i don't feel like i have a lot to say , but i also came from a highly ... i totally relate to all the stories of escapism . there have always been times of withdrawal / avoidance for me when i've been down in a funk . i love music and movies and art in general but sometimes ... i think you're right on . i love exploring and she is up for most things if she's with me . i think where it goes wrong is that she feels neglected at times in these situations--so i like the idea of ... sorry for the double post--i was trying to quote ... one thing led to another that's exactly the kind of infp / ( enfp ) that i am ... the kind you say your friend is . i find myself being more and more enfp lately ... ah , my poor infj girlfriend ... i find that when i am afraid of ... that's exactly the kind of infp / ( enfp ) that i am ... the kind you say your friend is . i find myself being more and more enfp lately ... ah , my poor infj girlfriend ... i find that when i am afraid of ... yeah i agree that he isn't a real personality ... but if he were real ... he is a dreamer / romantic he doesn't think things through he seeks to make the world hilarious he is self hating he ... wow thats an incredible story . thanks for sharing . i feel that i can relate ... although my own high school experience was pretty different ( i made my best attempt at sports but was honestly never ... actually i totally forgot that i wasn't being totally original with that one haha . i guess that means its about time to watch that movie again : wink : but thanks for the comment . i like the idea of ... '