' 1 ) entps , cannot deny the chemistry and ease of interesting conversation and fun 2 ) other infjs , really deep connections , fully being understood , similar values and ways of looking at the world ... istjs are often portrayed as boring , but i wouldn't call an istj boring . the istjs i know actually have a variety of interests and seem to be really motivated by them and enjoy discussing them . i ... haha , wow . tertiary fe : the least problematic of the fe's . ... somehow that does not add up , lol . sent from my iphone using tapatalk infj - 1 ) fe and ti are probably the most important to me . then maybe ni , but i also am drawn to ne so not really . i don't really care if my partner shares my se . 2 ) the openness of fe is ... i'm an infj 9 and my husband is an infj 1 . infj 1s : more practical than many infjs , slightly harsher and more tough love kind of person than many infjs . i've read this somewhere before and it ... yeah , i can agree with that . i don't really see him as being motivated by his feelings , but motivated by his desire to disconnect from them . this is actually precisely why i typed him as a lower fi user . at any point where he ... are you me ? this is exactly what i've been trying to work out for myself lately . i'm an infj most likely , but seriously consider being a socially anxious enfj . you described pretty much all of my ... hello ! i'm sorry if this has been asked before , but hopefully not from the same perspective . curious infj here wondering how you guys experience your ni . i find that i have a hard time singling ... i have taken this before but i took it again cause i didn't remember my results . 71 % infj 9 % enfj 9 % infp 4 % intj 4 % isfj it's kind of interesting because apart from infj , these are the ... forgive me , i'm now on my phone and it's more difficult to look back and forth at what you said , but i'll just kind of explain it generally . i really didn't see ne at all , but a lot of things ... lol , my answer was seriously going to be intj ( first thought ) or an isfp who is a bit disconnected from their se ( or an fi-ni loop , as they like to call it ) . i 100 % think you're ni / se , and therefore ... if you wouldn't mind , could you answer this : how did you come to the conclusion that you are an nf type ? i think i have a type for you , but i'd like to hear your response to this first . sounds se-ni to me . i'd guess isxp , probably leaning toward istp . sent from my iphone using tapatalk okay , i guess i'll do this too . one smiling , one not , and one almost smile ? 678970 6789 78 678986 bonus picture with my cat 678994 getting some serious high ti vibes from you . my gut is saying intp , but i wouldn't be surprised by any xxtp type . infj . i saw fe-ti right away ( especially in writing style ) , not so much fi-te , if that helps . for enneagram , i would guess either 1w9 or 9w1 . i get a sense of needing to feel controlled , and also ... okay , yeah , i now see more te in your answers here . i feel more confident of the intj typing i gave you for sure . everything checks out , haha . sent from my iphone using tapatalk i would say a pretty clear infp . i can at least say that you are an inxj over ixxp . your dominant function definitely is ni . i'm not as certain about whether you are an intj or an infj , however . i honestly don't see you using ... i agree with everyone above who said istj ! te-fi rather than fe-ti . well , i meant that i'm not able to pinpoint one thing that makes me feel different , despite still feeling different from people . but to be fair , i honestly still don't feel that different from ... 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... i'm 4 episodes in , but this is what i've gathered : hannah - could see enxp or esfj . there is so much ne there , though , so probably ne dom . clay - ixtj , can't see how he's a feeling type ... haha , it's funny you say that , because as an xnfj i also feel like i wouldn't be able to do what he does ! it seems like he keeps track of so many things and his attention to detail and memory are ... you've caught me in a talkative mood , so i'm probably going to be more on the descriptive side with my answers . question one . are you vegan or vegetarian for moral reasons ? is your bedroom messy ? ... the way i have seen it , he doesn't really make decisions based on intuition , but has this detailed map in his head of everything he has learned about magic , the various worlds , etc . rumplestiltskin ... i don't think rumplestiltskin is an ni user . i think he's pretty si , actually . isfj is my guess for him , since i still do still see fe & ti . isfj in an si-ti loop . i'm re-evaluating dan right now . 1-2 years ago i had him typed as an xnfj ( leaning enfj ) but now i think that's possibly inaccurate . i still think he uses those same functions , but now i'm thinking ... xnfj not a fan of planning or drafting . i basically get right into the paper . i might think about what the main sections will be , but i write it in order and just see what comes out , edit as i go ... i got enfj as my result . it's possibly correct . i've gone back and forth deciding between infj and enfj for a while . i'm having the same exact dilemma . i've found it's nearly impossible to tell introversion / extroversion due to my social anxiety / shyness because i can't tell if i'm worn out due to stress or if i'm a ... as someone who is unsure of whether they are an infj or a shy enfj , i am not sure whether to be appreciative or offended ! guess you either love or hate me . i usually say intp as my answer for favorite type . there are so many reasons ! intps are very laid back and accepting . they are really easy to have conversations with because they are so open to ... type 9 enfjs likely to mistype as infjs ? great , just one more thing for me to add to the mix for trying to determine what type i actually am . i would say i feel / behave more like an infj but can ... yeah , the main reason why i lean enfp for you is due to signs of inferior si rather than te in your answers . also , when you answer your questions , despite them having a good deal of fi , you always ... i have to go with enfp . definitely xnfp rather than xnfj , but i lean more toward enfp . i kind of want to say isfp , but i'd need more to go on to really say for sure . but between infp and intj , i'd say infp . seems like you have dominant fi and inferior te . yup , it fits very well , including the misinterpretations . i experience it too . it's gotten better in the last few years , but some situations can still really trigger it bad . i can't pinpoint specifically what has helped , but i can at least tell you that ... well , i'll do my best , but it was mostly based on an overall vibe . i'll attempt to analyze why i got that impression for you , though . there's definitely a simplicity to it all , which kind of makes ... impressive - right on the head ! 9w1 - 5w4 - 2w1 1w9 stands out the most to me . 4w5 and maybe 6w5 ? 638554 lost - was just a fun show , with all the episode cliffhangers , trying to figure out what's going on and what will happen next . it had good characters that you cared about . i don't necessarily think ... 1 . besides lying , what makes you angry and how do you typically deal with people who make you angry ? invasion of privacy / feelings of betrayal . specifically when i tell someone something about ... i'm an xnfj , and while i'm married , i'm still unsure about having children . my infj husband is just as conflicted , which i actually wish wasn't the case , because i feel like it'd be easier if my ... preferably in my bed with my loved ones around me , though not in my sleep . it actually scares me to die without being aware of it . estps are kind of hit or miss for me . i think some of them are great ; others not so much . i really dislike the immature / obnoxious ones . i have had a mild crush on an estp before , meaning i felt ... agreed . well , at least a ti dom ( i have thought istp ) . it makes me laugh thinking about him , but it completely makes sense . he's far from an esfp . mom : infp dad : isfj husband : infj close aunt : xstp sister-in-law : istj mother-in-law : esfj friends : intp enfp '