' well , i just finished . my introvert behavior was brought down a little to 78 % . my intuitive element was at a 50 % ( this is where it has usually been on average ) , my thinking was dropped dramatically , ... by reading each of the childhood descriptions , i still can't get the right feel . i feel like i didn't act like either of them . although , i'm very structured . if someone comes into my house and goes ... actually , looking at my dominant function , i was between the ni and ti . although , i feel that the inferior function of the ni was what i honestly am . i'm researching now . looking at my inferior trait first , it is se . it was between si and se , but se takes the cake . there's no doubt in my mind about that . now , i look at the dominant function . for ... well , i took the mbti personality test , and that's what i got . my cognitive functions also match up with it . i'm very organized , a perfectionist , i thrive at being alone , i constantly listen to my ... that would just make this country more socialist than it already is . i'd rather live in this time than the great depression . it will pull itself out and eventually sink again in another 45 or so years . nothing . it is fine . this is a down turn , but that happens . the economy has a way of fluctuating . then what is it i am ? esfp ? just a quick question then . let's say , in my case , that my leading role is ni . as an intj , what if i feel that , for me , it may actually be something like ne ? will that change my four letters ? i ... i see . well , thank you . i will be doing some research myself then . i've been putting off the cognitive functions because i glossed over them once and didn't quite understand it . now i guess i'll go ... but don't cognitive functions stem from the initial personality ? i just finished taking the mbit test and i obviously scored an intj . every time i've taken it , for about 4 years now , i've always gotten that . i am 100 % introverted , which doesn't surprise me . i am ... i love your avatar . i felt the need to point that out . haha no trust me , i am . like i stated before , i'm not interested in having a girlfriend at this moment in my life . even though it's appealing , it's a nuisance to me . i agree with you that having a ... this post is getting weird ... i'm sure this has been posted here numerous times , and i apologize . i would like to know this because i'm starting to crush on this girl in my calculus class . not only that , but she may actually be ... that's hilarious i think it's hilarious for them to think we're scary . we aren't . we're just usually serious and we like to debate . honestly , i see them as illogical . do it online . if they hug you there , i'd be impressed . and it explains how you act , think , and react to others . fine . give me some sort of logical situation and you shall pick at my problem solving techniques . although , i'm not necessarily talking about problem solving . i'm talking about everyday situations ... even so , how we act is dependent on how we think . sure , i skipped a step , but i shouldn't matter . if i was at a party i wouldn't socialize much . why ? well , i'm introverted . i could try and socialize , ... and thoughts are the pathway that control our actions . i'm a huge fan of naruto shippuden . i feel for sasuke . some of this mbit stuff is so confusing . how do you know if you're one type when you may act different ? such as an intj that's more sociable and has a stronger f . that could easily be an enfj , no ? i ... from what i've read , i truly believe it's a 50/50 deal with personalities . i believe we are all born with some innate attributes . i also believe that our personality can be reshaped as time goes on ... i wasn't trying to portray such a thing . i agree though that i wasn't tact with my words and made it too vague . i should know better . i wasn't trying to say the traumatic experiences caused me to be ... i wish i posted this at a later time ; there are many errors in this . anyway , it wasn't necessarily just about talking . i also went over to friend's houses and i got more energy being around people ... for arguments sake , we'll say a kid's age ranges from 6 years old to 12 years old . for me personally , i was probably an enfp . once i got into high school , tramatic events took place in my life . from ... this morning when i was at church , i got a strange feeling . this man sitting in front of me was giving off a horrible vibe . it was so strong i almost left . i later asked my mother if she had felt ... touché . nice retort there . that happened to me yesterday . it was a girl that's hyper and expressive . i felt awkward and all i could muster was , you okay ? i was proud of myself . she really annoys me sometimes . i was hoping for intelligent and insightful replies . it seems you can't provide such a thing . i can't stand it being around others who are smarter than me . when i converse with them , i feel inferior . although , when talking to below average students , i almost want to laugh in their face . how ... friendly ? you said intj , correct ? blushing is a side effect from depression ? are you referring to being shy ? i don't know why , but your signature makes me laugh . 1 ) how do you react to being touched ? my personal experience is i'm a typical intj and i'm with an esfp i think . she's so loud and hyper . when she hugs me , i tighten up . when someone puts their arm ... my questions are pretty straight forward . basically , i was watching a ball game and i noticed how superstitious i tend to act . that got me thinking into karma , intuition , and superstition in general ... you specifically commented on the post i'm referring to . now i'm curious ( go figure ) . what's your take on destiny and free will ? what side are you on and why ? for me , i smile and say thank you . then , life goes on . i put a pretty good amount of consciousness in what i look like . not only does it make me more confident , but i like to appear presentable . i ... this is why i love this place . do you think i could get such an explanation from normal folk ? i applaud you for showing me a different perspective of being . it was very insightful . this has given ... if you consider being 17 young , then yes . it's common , as you know , for teenagers to take strides in understanding themselves . i'm using this site as a tool to achieve a greater self . pressure is ... thank you for this post . although , i feel that you digressed ( which is common for me ) . from what i understand , it seems you display an outlook on life a certain way so you're detached from it all ... something that popped into my head about an hour ago was why am i trying to improve myself ? as an intj for instance , some flaws i have are being too private , too competitive , not as sensing , etc . so ? ... depends on the situation . if plan a , b , and c fail , i will find a way to make a plan d . when i feel overwhelmed , i use logic . things come and go ( like situations and feelings ) . i remind myself to ... i'm a little confused about thinking and intuition co-existing . i'm sure i'll get links , and that's fine , but can someone explain this ? intjs don't base things on feelings , but isn't intuition ... oh yes . i have other interests such as music , writing , math , etc . i'm in a normal public high school and i don't plan to play golf anymore after this year . i've played my whole life so i could win ... '