' do you kind of feel the urge to turn every hobby into a checklist that needs to be improved as well ? i just want to try everything . i want to know that i dared to . i want to throw myself out ... yes . yes . yes . mostly a lot of stupid everyday challenges against myself . if i drink a glass of water i feel the urge to sweep the whole thing even though it hurts and i'm not thirsty . whenever i ... you know you're a highly sensitive infp when your dog makes you socially anxious because you're so painfully aware of all the signals you constantly send out through your body language and you don't ... when there's nothing worse than commitments and you bend the rules to the extreme to escape them . i don't feel like going there . technically , they can't force me to be there anyway because i am a ... when too many unnecessary rules make you nervous because in the spur of the moment it feels like their only purpose is to personally mess with your life and your right to do whatever you feel like ... fellow introverts . i love you . when you have a complicated relationship to the kind of guy who lives by the motto all we need is love . the one who frequently questions the way people isolate themselves from their fellows with ... 353154 artist - ( ab ) use with caution . 3390813390 8933909733 9105 random pictures i've made lately . :) you know you're an extroverted sensor when you frequently get excited about things you see and your ixfj friend is like ' meh .. ' so you try to let it go . unfortunately the weather / building / person is ... the sky is so sarcastically calm in contrast to the rushing city life . yes ! reading manuals is a waste of time , better make use of that creative brain . i bet i can come up with ten other ways to make use of this thing . i don't even listen when people personally give me ... when you have your own way of doing everyday tasks because you don't feel like following rules . when someone asks you about it , you say your way of doing it is more effective . ( eventually you'll try ... 2919782919 8629199 4 i don't think positive thinking is a way to cover up reality and walk around with a smile unaware of the surroundings . i think a lot of people are drawn to sadness and bad thoughts , myself included ... i like the thought of destiny , but as you describe it , i'm convinced it's our subconscious minds leading us into certain paths . like how anxious people always find something to worry about , which ... lately i've realized that i don't really take things seriously . i don't mean that i don't take care of myself . i've just developed a very logical approach towards life and this is a behaviour i ... haha , i appreciate the idea but i'm not sure if head-singing is a sufficient substitute for actual music . ( through good speakers . ) 1 . when you're familiar with the horrible feeling of having to talk to someone when you're socially drained . it's awful . a common and horrible scenario is riding the car alone with an extrovert ... ( double post ) that he takes up too much space . he does all the talking and when someone else is saying something he doesn't approve of you can literally see how much it bothers him . he says a lot of inappropriate ... he is definitely se . that's the main thing we have in common . he is very keen of his environment . always things like come here , look at this , listen to this , try this . we usually talk about ... why would you go with judging with all this weird , messy and destructive behavior ? i know it's more than that but i don't know .. i've always thought he was a perceiver . the following text describes him extremely well . a lot of strange details but i hope you get the picture . which type would you go with ? what's your immediate reaction ? millionaire only wearing ... my head is so incredibly full of nothing . i can't talk for all isfp's but sure , i enjoy the company of those types . they're nice and fun and easy to get along with . we connect but i still wouldn't say i'm drawn to those types in the same ... my room is ridiculously dusty but i never vacuum because that thing drowns the music and i only feel like vacuuming when i listen to music :( i actually thought about it yesterday . istp's should fit us better since ne probably is the main reason for difficulties communicating . what about intp's bothers you so much ? maybe it's just me but .. when you feel this weird sense of connection towards strangers on the bus when you're listening to certain music while observing them . i do this with my dog too . lol , ... i'm an isfp and i tend to get this wildcat feeling when i'm drunk . it's hard to explain but like , becoming extremely present and at the same time not giving a fuck about anything . i think this is the ... when you're out with your friends and all of a sudden you need to be alone so you lock yourself into the bathroom for 5 minutes and you just sit there staring into a wall . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gHiqPG0526U this is so beautiful and sad jesus i can't even handle it . i'm not sure i actually would get along with an intp . right now it's more of a admire from a distance-relationship . but i can tell you some of the things i love about you guys . first of all , ... yes . fascination is the key word . something about the introversion and that we're both kind of living in our heads . ( by the way , i love your signature . it feels like you have to explain this to ... it's just something about them that really speaks to me and i'm not quite sure of what . whenever i'm reading the you know you're an intp-threads i can't stop smiling . something about the behavior ... i don't know if this ever happens to you but sometimes when i write stuff or just talk to anyone , words just seems to fall out of my mouth and i'm like , slow down mouth . i haven't thought this ... i really recognize these feelings . i have a boyfriend and everything is great but sometimes i doubt his love for me . i wouldn't love myself anymore and therefor it just doesn't make sense that he ... i am really sorry to hear that , but i think i can relate a little bit . i don't cut myself , but i tend to hurt myself in other ways when i'm angry . like pinching my arm really hard and stuff like ... a few months ago i started to develop a huge interest in feminism and now i feel like having a boyfriend really brings me down . guys in general brings me down . i want to be lesbian . :) always ! is that an isfp thing ? sitting by the dinner table being creative while everyone else is talking to eachother . i mean it just happens automatically . haha wonderful :) skickat från min ... 146369  1463 37 146353 a bit more serious . :) 146289 lol . yeah exactly ! most of lana's tracks really trigger it . that empty and harmonic feeling . - when your teacher tells you that you're very bright , but you need to be more engaged . lol :) - when you just chill around in the most random positions and places because it feels right . upside ... i can also quite relate to that . can you explain it like the runaway place you have in your head that no one else will ever understand and that makes you feel special and alone ? wow . you really inspire me . you make it sound so healthy , lol . :) exactly . do you tend to be pretty hard on people too ? i really want to love , but i'm always focusing on the bad things people do . it's like i think i'm the king of ethics , even though i'm not an ... i feel like this all the time . i just feel distant from everyone . it's like i'm to full of myself , my feelings , beautiful environments , that kind of stuff .. that's the things that really touches me ... '