' haha , you have no idea how many times i have made this face , especially at work . hmm , lets say for a moment that population data on personality types is completely correct . infjs would make ... haha , i agree , though i was thinking something more like this for the last one ... 639018 i see what you did there , your profile picture being sapphire and all , haha . can a dark side infj be manipulating ? absolutely . does this have anything to do with this post ? none , whatsoever ... this was hyperbole for both isfj and infj meant for comedic value and not to be taken seriously . i am glad some people found it funny , but alas , isfj sense of humor usually escapes people . when you ask someone to do something , and they do it ... isfj : aww , that was nice of them . infj : i command people ! ! ! ... and when they don't ... isfj : sigh , i can do it myself . isfj's definitely find beauty in simplicity and have and eye for what is aesthetically pleasing . it also gives us an instinct into things ( whether something is or is not aesthetic and a general ... i have even noticed types ( notice that is plural ) of faces for each personality . your cognitive functions most certainly plays into your expression and facial features . of course there are other ... i have spoken about this topic in length , many times on this forum . it honestly does come down to perception , in more ways than one . firstly , you are right in posing the question of , what is ... many times . due to our primary si , we can be incredibly insightful as we are constantly taking in information passively . people do not realize how much we have absorbed until a situation presents ... i have know a lot of people who have struggled with this issue , especially an infp . it doesn't really have anything to do with type , but how we perceive ourselves and where our value is at . i have ... wow , i am thankful this thread is still alive after all these years . i will go over some of the responses individually , but i wanted to touch on something first . typing characters that have mental or ... with si , we pick up on the details that others might miss , and because it takes sensation and internalizes it , to a degree , its as if we are physically experiencing it ourselves . fe is not the reason ... humanity is a bee hive , buzzing to and fro . it dances an unseen dance , the rhythm : an eternal flow . to the outside chaos ensues , never hinting of it clues . but where there are footprints , ... isfj's are a lot more discerning then they let on . if they do not do something , they usually have good reason for it . a lot of isfj's do not seek higher education . this does not mean they are less ... this is understood , as they are both perceiving functions . what i was expressing here was the difference between si and fe , which you amalgamate . yes , they work together , but to define si by its fe ... i have actually used fpss to describe similar concepts as well ! xd you got it backwards . si would simply note that the objects are soft or aesthetic . fe would deem whether those objects make ... ^ that one sentence is an example of si , perfectly . introverted sensing is an abstract function that creates an impression from sensory information . to say that things are soft and pretty make you ... it might be my post here that you thanked a while back . though , i must say i find friend b's internal monolog quite daft . yes , allergens can be treated with small , consistent exposure , but they ... because of our inferior ne , it is difficult to externalize the difference and instill the necessary framework for understanding . any off the cuff attempt usually goes poorly , and can make the ... want ( desire ) is not the same as need ( necessity ) . any one can desire to be understood , it is not inherient to isfj's , but that does not mean it is necessary for them to be understood . it is our ... we are good communicators when we are understood . its when we are not understood thats the issue . isfj's have very fluid minds , being our dominate function is introverted perception , but we have ... long have i said that the need to be needed was a misconception . though there are those who put their self-value in being of use to others , this is not healthy nor the norm , but a reflection of ... i agree with this for the most part . however , isfj will have a general understanding of the character as well , but due to our fluid minds yet concrete nature , will not trust our perception until ... you have once before seen me approach someone in a manner you think is similar . with that individual , i was in philosophical opposition . because of that bad situation , you assumed my tone with this ... in what route do you refer ? i calmly and rationally explained my disagreement with the person's post in regard to the subject of the thread and did not believe they were being purposefully spiteful ... i need not another comparison as i am quite aware of the differences in our respective types . my desire was to show you are misguided in your observations , in other words , to express that you are ... the issue with your observation is that it is surface level ( the perceived , not the defined ) , from your perspective ( mental framework ) , without understanding of the subject ( your cousin ) . what is the ... everyone needs social interaction in some form , we are human after all . when you do not get healthy social interaction ( small , close groups or 1 on 1 time for us ) , it will effect you negatively , both ... i do not find this survey to accurately represent critical thinking , it fact , it seems to force very narrow logic paths . take the first question about the jail : the answers either disagree ... isfjs definitly have an natural optimistic side , but it often goes unseen as it usually remains a part of our rich inner worlds . healthy isfjs have a balance of optimism and realism , that only ... gender : male hair color : brown hair style : short , ceaser cut . eye shape : large , round anime-like eyes . eye color : ( pure ) blue glasses : no , i am near sighted in one eye , and should wear glasses , ... i tend to lean towards gish characters and unusual builds , prefering balance to min / maxing , as i am often a more solo player . however i tend to take up a somewhat supportive role most the time . in ... structuring my external enviroment seems to be the most helpful . not becoming over-burdern or worn out helps me as well , and finding motivation outside myself when things go arye is crutial in not ... i was not trying to undermind his efforts , yet he was self-satisfided after the fact , without actually putting forth more than what should be common in healthy friendships , thinking it was somehting ... my actions were not understood , and so they sought a reason and placed upon it that which seemed most likely to them , which by definition is assumption . its a common misunderstanding between nfs and ... its a solid article , not without bais , though . its more focusing on unhealthy behavior , yet there is another concept that often gets blurred in with this . when isfjs do something particularly , they ... this is usually caused by people misunderstanding our perception being subjective as bais and unwilling to allow addittional information in . its not that our perceptions a horribly skewed , its that ... letting it go , and seeing it for what it is . not validating other's stupidity at your own expense . it says be angry , and do not sin . anger is fine , anger is healthy , vengence is not . take time to ... i was over at an enfp friend's house , after a few people had stayed the night . at the time , i did not have transportation , and her brother had to go to class , so her fiance was going to take me home ... its easy to forget things we have posted , and to misinterpt what someone else said . what else would you call this , though ? personal information used in a condecending way inorder to win an argument ; ... this was one of the first threads i ever wrote on here : interactions between nfs and isfjs issues descibed in the above thread are occuring in this conversation . there are key details in what i ... let me me make my motivation clear ; i must stand in truth . i value harmony and hate conflict , but i can not idly watch as falsehood is presented . i have to overcome myself , because though harmony is ... dribble , shallow , and unwarranted . you simply provided a relevent data path for which to continue the conversation . you did nothing for him besides prolong an artificial conversation . so you had ... i was speaking conceptionally here , because it depends on the subject , but i think i can give you an example . isfjs tend to avoid conflict , which is a good thing , until it gets in the way of ... yep , isfjs do not actively seek to help all the time like most people believe . we passively notice needs / wants ( due to a intorverted perciving function ) , and act externally acorrding to our values ... i have long and tiresomely defended against the misconception that isfjs have a desire to be of value beyond that which common to man . a seemingly vast majority of isfjs enjoy helping people , yet ... you assume that you can withhold all information . they slightest tick is a seed of discovery to an isfj . no one really understands the rich inner world of an isfj either , its a trait shared among ... you are the more dangerous of those who wonder into this forum . those who outwardly spout type bias are seen as the trolls they are are , but those , as yourself , who have good intentions , leave an ... just because someone is not willing to show something , does not mean it can not be perceived . emotion has nothing to do with this . you are telling me i am not seeing the big picture , i am telling you ... this is exactly why i no longer frequent the forums . this statement is so utterly false , it is repugnant . its just a narrative that is constantly perpetuated by people who misunderstand personality ... '