' assholes : a theory of donald trump publisher's summary that donald trump is an asshole is a fact widely agreed upon - even by his supporters , who actually like that about him . but his startling ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uTmZYcCjj9Q here are tesla's own words on the subject : an engineer's aspect : nikola tesla - mr . tesla explains why he will never marry from my point of view , both of his arguments about women boil down to ... i think everything after this might be superfluous . lmao . what a tool . tesla healthy ? with his fear of sex and strange views about women ? it's true . physicality and single-locality suck . and it seems like the mundane aspects of daily life logistics are more tiring , more draining , to me than to others . raised by a factor of 10 if other ... i must advocate the corollary to this law : except crap ... 100 % of crap is crap . ask your wife . halloween ! why don't you form a brain trust with simpson 17866 , our dumbing-down expert , and put something together for us with pictures ? it's ok , we can wait . we know those crayons can be hard for y'all to ... goo goo g'joob mr . macgregor is misquoting shakespeare's macbeth . interesting scoring . you must get pretty sore in the arms , always patting yourself on the back in your solo mutual appreciation society . wax on , wax off . well , lay on , macduff . this . he just wanted you to go away . we employ bad , logic-based humor tactically , the same way other types might use loud , noxious farting . i'm sure he'd be fine if you patted his head , as long as you did ... don't forget faery . i'd like to thank everyone here for following the script i projected into their heads so precisely . bravo . sorry you ended up with him as a surrogate and weren't clever enough to get rid of him yourself . and yet , somehow , success eluded you . yes , please - - - so glad we had an expert in dumbing down come along and offer . so sorry you don't have anything better to do with your time , though . weak . home now , with the old guy in tow , after almost 2 weeks in the hospital . he might bounce back , but i'm not sure if i'm going to recover from that long sitting in hospital rooms . right ? that article tore me up , even as i was laughing at it and myself . esfj : i don't understand this fascination with mars , i think we should explore in the other direction . me : those planets aren't really that hospitable , and there really aren't that many advantages ... didn't i effectively get my chuck heston on ? soylent food bar is vegan ! it's vegan ! ! ! soylent food bar a thread last month ( http://personalitycafe.com/infj-forum-protectors/908538-observation-about-t-types.html ) sparked an offline conversation with an infj friend , where i persistently tried - - - and ... no . historically , he's bleeding from a dozen wounds following a long , protracted seige . i open the doors and drag his near-lifeless body in . i shut down the romance part of myself after a relationship ends , sometimes for years . i don't dwell and i can move on from the failed relationship , as in move on with my life , but i cannot move on ... crab bisque , with good , crusty bread and ample butter . and a nice dark beer to wash it down . all intjs are cat people ; it's a required allegiance you swear when you pay your dues every year . how have you managed to skip that ? do you think that the shared ni dominance facilitates some of that ? that it might seamlessly fill any places that otherwise might have been communication gaps ? i think it causes you problems , they're just internalized . you all prefer to take the hit on your own psyches rather than risk the external conflict , whereas we are more focused on maintaining our ... thai . you can never go wrong with thai . i think that the drain probably is more pronounced for intjs and infjs because of dominant ni , but my thoughts on the matter aren't coalesced enough to articulate . and , though we get all the ... i would say that if we are voluntarily in the company of someone , choosing to spend our own time with them , we like them . we prefer not to have to many interactions with people who fall outside ... that may not be the easiest way to know an intj's thoughts , unless those words are answers resulting from direct queries : what are you thinking ? then just sit back and enjoy the monologue ( if we ... fuck this shit . this is very nearly my exact viewpoint , and an uncannily similar explanation to the one i offered a pair of dismayed jehovah's witnesses on my doorstep last week . what did you switch to ? i've never been a perfectionist . just going the whole day with all the tics , outbursts , and antisocial urges tamped down is a mark in the win column for me - - - that's me at the top of my game . that's the real objective for us , isn't it ? whatever attributes combine to make the key to this door are secondary to the opening of the door itself . yes , i agree 100 % . this is going to sound smart-assed and tongue-in-cheek , but for once , i am sincere and don't intend it that way : i weep for humanity because it doesn't seem inclined to weep for itself . i think you might be having a different experience , because i don't pick anything up without going there and actively analyzing , unless it is someone i know well enough that they are already fully ... that's ok ; i know one of us , somewhere , is working on the ability to just live as a brain in a jar , so the whole problem will probably sort itself out from there . '