' hello all , i've already posted this some time ago in the infp forums . even after seeing a bunch of lovely responses from the infps , i am still very uncertain about what i want to do for my future ... i would say above all else it would be a spiritual thing for me . i would definitely want to get married by the pastor of my church or at least a pastor that shares my same beliefs . that's the only ... wow ! all great responses and ideas ! ! i did have a conversation with my grandma ( isfp ) last night and a conversation with my dad ( infp ) previously about the idea of me going out and eloping . they ... hello all , i recently got engaged and i am truly overjoyed about it ! i am now facing the daunting task of planning a wedding . everytime i look into planning one though , i am honestly so close to ... thank you so much for your kind words . i am intending to send updates on this post as time goes on . i really find comfort in the fact that there are others out there that actually get me . like ... i have been on a journey for the last 4 or so years . the journey has been long and challenging and i have failed much more than i have succeeded . the struggle ? numbness , emotional detachment and lack ... thank you all for the great replies ! ! i was feeling a bit down yesterday . i was feeling like there was something more for me out there and i just wanted to run away . some days i think i would be ... infps .. does the life of fulfillment exist ? ? has any infp been able to create a life that syncs with their inner core ? have any of you been able to find a job that is rewarding and are living your ... hello fellow infps .. i need advice ... i post about this quite occasionally ... but i have been in a four year relationship with an estp . i hold this back but i am feeling in a sharing mood right ... i wouldn't say it was an instant connection either . i wouldn't say it was love at first sight . i would say over time we have helped each other through some things and a mutual respect grew and grew ... we have the same sense of humor . we are both crazy silly and we have a lot of the same interests . spot on ! that is exactly right . hell , there are some times when i don't understand him at all either ... thanks for all the support , guys . i really do appreciate it and will take all of the advice into consideration . my boyfriend and i are very different people , but at the same time we have a lot in ... awww thank you ! ! ! i am learning to voice myself better . i couldn't figure out why i would be so unhappy at times . it was because i was holding everything in . it is truly like an art being able to ... i wouldn't say he doesn't accept me . overall , we have a great relationship . i have been with the guy for four years . at times it is frustrating but most of the time we see eye-to-eye . we have such a ... i think he realized he hurt my feelings because i was moping around yesterday . he didn't bring it up again and got quiet and stopped arguing with me . i asked him in all seriousness that if i wanted ... i think it is our eyes . i have been by many people that my eyes are very expressive , almost like a gateway to my soul . i think this is true to a certain extent . i am not easily read , but i do have ... that's good enough for me ! ! writing is my escape . i have multiple notebooks filled with creative writing , journal entries , and silly ideas . those journals are kept secret from the world . if someone found it and read it , my ... when i am deep in thought and someone digs to know what is on my mind .. the more you dig , the more distant and annoyed i become ... watch out ... so saturday night my boyfriend's friend was having a house party . i don't go out too often with him and his friends because it is just not my scene . i thought it would be nice for me to be his dd for ... some days when i am feeling wild , i will apply foundation , concealor , and the whole sha-bang . i am very picky though , i don't like wild colors and don't cake on the foundation either . i like neutral ... i have an estj mother . we never got along .. ever . she was always accusing me of being up to no good . she was always harsh and she was never wrong . she never understood me and always tried to pry me ... you know you're an infp when you make your coworkers take personality tests so you can understand them better . you also know you're an infp when you want to discuss these said tests all day long even ... my mom is an esfj .. it was really tough as a kid . i spent a lot of my childhood locked away in my bedroom . my mom was too much for me to handle . not only was she an extrovert , she also has an up in ... off topic , but i think i watched these adorable kittens for at least 5 minutes ... so cute i get told i am very elegant , poise , quiet , goofy , weird , random , trustworthy , responsible , dependable , reserved , calm , sensitive that is a great way to put it ! i can jump moods so fast . today i started out in a wonderful mood , then i got really angry and aggressive , and now i am calm ... i'm sure i confuse people ... but that ... no problem :) . i guess from the outside looking in , we have quite a difficult personality type to understand . we really appreciate and respect someone who appreciates and respects us and our need for ... i am really laid back . i have always really been a follower . i have never really had the opportunity , but maybe i would be a good leader of something i am really passionate about . you let him be and give him space . if he wants to tell you , he will . digging always makes me withdrawl even further . maybe just let him know that you're there for him . if he wants to , he will tell ... i'm starting to learn not to let things get to me as easily as they did in the past . i have realized that you can make a decision not to let failures torture you . it takes time , but i think ... well , lets see ... i posted a thread about being moody . then i answered a thread on when infps are pushed too far and how they react . i guess you can say i am in an agressive mood today . i am moody ... i am a very polite person . i'll take a lot for the team . i respect everyone's decisions and i don't step on toes . i expect the same treatment . if i don't get the same treatment , i'll suck it up for ... hello fellow infps i know infps are said to show some serious mood fluctuations from time to time . i can go from being in a really good mood to three seconds later experiencing melancholy and ... i am a christian believer . i believe there is a heaven and a hell . i am scared of the act of dying . i am not scared of death itself . i am a believer in heaven , and heaven just sounds amazing . it is just how you get to heaven that makes me feel uneasy . i tend to talk in circles when i am trying to tell a story or explain something . a lot of times i forget what i am getting at and it is hard for me to stay focused . writing is my way to explain ... i am not a fan of tradition . i like to mix things up and try new things out . ( i dread christmas time ! esp . decorating the tree .. shoot me ) oh , thought of another one . you know you're an infp when you look at old dates on coins and daydream about where this coin has been throughout its life . or you have so much to do on your to do list that you just don't do any of it .. then you sit there feeling anxiety because you know you should do the things on your to do list but the to do ... you know you're an infp when you force yourself to clean up an untidy apartment and it takes you a week and a half to complete the task . clean for five minutes .. watch tv for 2 hours and repeat . then ... hi ! ! ! so as a child , i lived in a very broken home .. my dad and mom split when i was three . my mom couldn't seem to ever be single but at the same time could never keep a relationship . there was ... grass green and different blues . it reminds me of being outside in nature . i also like hot pink ... i cry so so so easily ! i cry when someone talks about something touching . i cry when someone else is crying . i cry when i am confronted . i cry when i talk about myself . i cry alll the time . this ... i'm glad to see i'm not alone . for most of the relationship i had felt like it was me ! i had spent a couple years working on myself and found no change . it wasn't until a few weeks ago it just ... i know he is a great guy and many people really like him . i think this is why i have stayed with him for so long . my family loves him ; everyone loves him . he just is not the right person for me . it ... so glad i'm not the only one . nothing makes me more mad than being told what to do . i will do what i want to do and that is that ... this makes me very stubborn and tend to get very moody ... he constantly challenges everything i say and it is a true soul drainer . wish there was some way i could stay in the relationship , because it has been so long . i'm just tired of trying to please him ... hey all , so i am basically here to vent my feelings . i was wondering if anybody else can relate to me when it comes to how i personally act . so i'm in a relationship and have been for four ... '