' benevolent creator . link practical : 26 conceptual : 24 adventurous : 22 social : 19 guess i just like learning . no matter what setting ... i got the same problem as you op . make you think which is the true you . i think its just our natural adapted traits and how our mind believe we are suppose to act . kind of annoying really - _ - i tend to take slice of life , abstract , macros , and landscapes / animals . basically anything that is natural and not posing for the camera . ... when you're at the casino and attracted a crowd for winning 10 measly dollars from slots . not because you won , but because you made it sound like you won a jackpot > < . my visual memory is top notch , however remembering names is hard . i was about two years old and it was nighttime on a summer day . the air felt nice and cool with a nice breeze . i was taking a walk holding my mom's hand . what i remember was me , looking down on my ... i think i was pretty weird . for some reason i befriended and connected with a lot of infps . they seem pretty interested and bizarre . i like that . the popular kids we're too into sports and w / e is the ... nice ... good luck with the event . i would go ... but my summer budget is almost hitting empty : crazy : . i don't wanna pop a tire and get stranded in the middle of the blazing desert . will definitely ... youngest of four boys . except there is a big age gap so grew up like an only child . what you talking bout ? if that's you in your avatar , you got wings man ... freaking wings . that is pretty dam badass . moving on , it is just your fi kicking in gear . it's just happen whenever we're ... i'm not sure if this is true or not , but isn't mirror scrying used for see into the future ? i read somewhere that when doing so you see yourself in an older form when you are fully concentrated . i ... always do your best to face your fears , insecurities , and problem . otherwise they will always be on your subconscious or even unconscious mind . do not just try to get rid of regrets , but reflect ... i'm more of a musical person then a lyrical person . even if the songs got a crazy lyrical message , i will get thrown off if it have a bad rhythm . however , if i'm in a bad mood , there is nothing ... after reading this , i chuckled . : happy : what ? ... absent-minded ? err no way ! my mind is always thinking of crazy randomness . more like information overload to a point of malfunction haha . one of the things that help anchor me is just to have a rough plan of some future goals . that's the only thing that help me come back to reality everyday i'm idealizing . like moby said , even ... now that i look at it , i'm pretty mediocre in all of my skills . booo ... : crying : i became the mario in my stats . yea that determination that enfps have is great and all , just wish it was on all the time . whenever i feel like the force is doubting me , i become an overachiever . however , once the situation cools ... yeah it's pretty annoying . it's like they ( friends ) only expect us to be funny and fun to be around . it might be because we're usually the one that give advice , so it would be weird for them to have ... don't i feel out of place . i came in here thinking there was some research done explaining why the big bad wolf from the the three little pigs is an enfp . - walk away disappointed ... haha grats on succeeding . what a random and funny thread . nope , i'm actually good with tools . guess i'm well developed ? i'm a handyman for my oldest brother whenever he need me for his remodeling ... everyone can be annoying , i don't think it's single down to a personality type .   ... but if we're annoying to everyone we meet , then it's a problem . otherwise , why does it matter . i'm pretty sure ... if i actually wake up with enough time , then sure i'll eat breakfast . even then , its just cereal and some fruit . otherwise , it's a cup of coffee to go . i love making breakfast at night though > < ... i been noticing this a lot lately . sometimes i just ask question that i secretly know the answer to already . kind of annoying really , because once they answer me , it just reassured my answer and i'm ... my money always go toward the toilet , literally . i eat out too much . if you think you can do it , you're right . if you think you can't do it , you're right . but my motto for life is to treat others how i would like to be treated . i can always push others away , but ... physically : 5 ' 0-5 ' 5 . cute and has nice eyes . and as long as she is not a total stick or the opposite of that . emotionally : good sense of humor , understanding , and organized . one that is not ... thanks for the post man . this is exactly how i feel at this point in my life . i feel so much lighter and even doing the most mundane tasks doesn't seem that bad . this is exactly why i'm fascinated by ... hahaha yea how is this healthy ? is this an appreciate enfpness in disguise ? i say so ... reading this thread make me appreciate my extreme outlooks . i take intense feelings then dull and calm anyday , ... lol this is the most weirdest thread to read . is this even coming from my fellow enfps ? it is indeed mediocre to even read . i got up . i took a shower . i brushed my teeth . i made coffee . i drove to school . i finished school . i drove home . i ate . i went to work . i got home from work . i check e-mail . i post this post . ... haha i get this with friends and family almost all the time . i just think its funny . its more fun talking in similes and metaphors because being direct is sometimes too boring . most of the time i ... i would say a farmer . everyday , month , and season is a routine . nahh ... although i respect their knowledge . i don't think i can live with one my whole life . i do not want to be the one they want to experiment on . plus some of them can be too mean . maybe if their ... ... you get sad or happy for no absolute reason .  ... you suck at having a poker face , but can still win from manipulation .  ... take the longest to choose sides because you see the pro's n con's of ... ... you read everything in the you know you're an infp when ... section and can relate to everything . however , instead of feeling happy about yourself , you feel sad . i said this in the infp ... you know you're not infp and an enfp ...  ... when you can relate to everything an infp says in here , but instead of feeling relief , you feel sad . : frustrating : welcome to the pcafe ! the place where weirdness is cool ! on topic ... its all about the face , and mostly the eyes . well if the time come and the plan is a little more detail , i might think about it . nope never gotten used to the heat . i'm more of a seattle type of guy . thank god for a / c . whoa , august 21/22 . that's a crazy long time from now . doesn't help that it is a six hour drive ( arizona ) . i would like to go , just for the laugh and experience , but i highly doubt i can make it . i'm like the op . if i practice what i say only once , i flow without even have to look at notes . however if i just straight up wing it , i stumble and have a lost of thoughts . my head move faster than ... i can relate to everything you said . my i / e is exactly like yours . what i quoted from you really strike me . it sucks moving to a new city and letting my introverted side take over me . the only time i ... well back on topic . i was a obedient child . i was shy and quiet the first week of school , after that though i would get complains from teacher to my parent that i talk too much . i was the class ... what ? shampoo and conditioner mixes doesn't worked ? what about the 3 in 1 that they sell now ? shampoo , conditioner , body and face wash all in one bottle . i lol when i saw that at the drug store . nope , not at all . only when i'm sleeping , listening to boring lectures , in a boring meeting , driving , eating , taking a shower , and mostly when i'm by myself . so yea ... not so much . yea its not even that hard . i got all my books and research right in front of me . can't even crack it open ... sigh . man i gotta finished this literary analysis ... so unmotivated > < . depend on where i am . if i'm with my friends , i use dark or sexual humor . if i'm with girls , i used sweet and sexual humor . eventually i used intellectual and sarcastic humor . then they all leave ... all the freaking time ... : angry : . its like i can't think logically without my feelings getting in the way , vice versa . i see it as arguing with inner kid that keep on wanting ice cream , even though ... '