' you're emotionally invested in a man who is not emotionally invested in you . he's made it clear he doesn't want your help or your company . this isn't an infp thing , it's a basic human communication ... you've never met him and you don't know him at all . he could be a 15 year old kid having fun . or a married man . or anything . you know literally nothing about this man other than the persona he's ... you're not soulmates . you're two lonely people who found an emotional intimacy with each other to get through some tough times . you don't really love this woman - if you did you'd leave her the hell ... hmm , well , if this were me ( and i'm an infp / infj ) , i would want to see a serious commitment from the man to stop doing the thing that was bothering me so much . like , counseling or working with a ... whoops , i accidentally mis-posted this on the nf forum , not here . ok , infp's , help me out ! i've been with a wonderful , caring infj man for a couple of months after being single ( by choice ) for ... i've been with a wonderful , caring infj man for a couple of months after being single ( by choice ) for several years . we're crazy about each other , and he told me he loved me a couple days ago . i love ... since this thread got revived i feel i should give an update . he told me he loved me a few days ago . it's sooo early . i'm there too , but i'm absolutely terrified of it . i feel like this guy could ... i was never a snuggly person at all until i met my current boyfriend , and we are total snugglers . we sleep all tangled up in each other and wake up that way . we are constantly holding each other , ... so the boyfriend and i are both infs ( he's a j , i lean p but am close on it ) . i don't know that i've ever dated another n before but we're totally in each other's head to a level that's almost ... in my experience , usually when a guy decides out of nowhere that he wants to break up , he's met someone else . if there are no other problems in the relationship , he's usually content to just go ... thanks guys . he's said a few things that lead me to believe he is definitely thinking long term . i just get worried . i could easily fall in love with this man . easily . oh i definitely don't take him for granted . i let him know all the time how happy he makes me , and i do nice things for him . actually , we're kind of falling over each other trying to be good to the ... i need to gush a bit . i'm a couple months into a relationship with an infj and it's the most incredible experience . he's amazing - sweet , dependable , brilliant , quirky , hilarious . he calls when ... what makes you say that ? and how do i get him to relax ? ok , so here's what i find strange . every time i see him , for the first hour or so he seems nervous / shy / closed off , like it's our first date again . but then it's like he remembers that he knows me ... oh man , the gifts - he's ridiculous with them . nothing expensive , but really sweet and funny and quirky . he's brilliant at finding things i like . sigh . thanks guys , this is helpful . do i need to worry about coming on too strong ? i'm trying to take things really slowly , and i get the sense he is too , but dammit i'd really like to just text him and ... ha ! so what do i do ? ha , funny you say that because he insists on paying for everything . and giving me really thoughtful , sweet gifts . he's so good to me , i keep wondering what the catch is . i've never dated anyone who ... what tips do you have for an infp / j dating an infj ? this guy is so wonderful , and i really want to make him happy . thanks guys . he's honestly the sweetest guy i've ever dated - he's so into me and really cares about making me happy . i'm not used to any of it and i keep feeling like there has to be a catch . i'll ... do infjs typically move very slowly in terms of physical intimacy ? i've been dating an infj guy and after several dates we're still at the cuddling / kissing phase . i'm used to the guy moving things ... i think because we are introspective . and we've always felt a little out of place wherever we are , so we probably started trying to figure out what's wrong with us and landed here . hi retrini - how are you feeling now ? i just saw this post and wanted to come in and give you a hug . what's hard for me with depression is that my mind plays tricks on me . i start thinking ... thank you all for your replies ... i'm working on it . my school had gifted programs from 4th grade to 8th grade . it was based entirely on iq tests - i think it's kids with 130 and above . i think this is a big part of my procrastination . i'm not motivated to do anything unless it's a challenge , and putting things off to the last minute makes them challenging . thanks john , that is helpful . i just wonder though if i should forget . it's hard to get over the fact that i say and do dumb things . the big thing i need to work on is to not worry so much that everyone is judging me , and try to stop worrying about what people think . how do i stop this ? i have a constant tape in my head of ... yup , me too ! like , having been in the gifted programs at school ? i've always wondered if there's a high correlation . and with that a correlation to our social awkwardness . like , the post-college crowd ... do you have any advice for the young'uns around here ? i've noticed a lot of high school aged kids and i feel like there's so much i wish i had known at that age . ... i've been in leadership positions in the past . there are parts i really enjoy - mentoring younger people , helping out my team , etc . good leaders know that the key is taking care of your team , not ... been there , done that , got the t-shirt . look , your parents aren't perfect . probably far from it . they screw up royally and probably screw you up royally , because unless they're also infps you ... my recommendation : volunteer work . helping others reminds you that you have some value . a lot of value . and that you've made someone else's day a little better . also , try to make it a goal ... insincere people . they're the worst . for god's sake , just be sincere . don't patronize , placate , or condescend to me . if you want to say something , say it . yeah ... i'm 30 now . this is true . this stuff does stop . most people by this age have filtered out into their own groups . crazy weird spacey uptight ( at work only ) anxious odd awful ditzy strong personality don't do it . the military will crush your spirit . it's not the place for individualistic free thinkers - they're the ones who they don't want . yes , at the highest levels there are some really ... the only thing defective in that conversation is the person who said that . seriously - it reflects far more on the other person than it does on you . you may have your quirks and shortcomings , ... one thing that sort of helps me ( in addition to vitamin d , 5 - htp , fish oil , regular exercise , and sunshine ) is to tell myself that this isn't real . it's a figment of my imagination . as in , the ... you may be suffering seasonal depression . i have terrible , terrible seasonal affective disorder . i'm 30 years old and i'm only just now realizing that this has probably affected me most of my ... i'm very logical . i can win just about any logic-based debate . i just don't like to because i don't like the tension :D were any of you other infps absolutely tormented in school growing up ? i never fit with anyone - wasn't until college that i started to feel like i belonged anywhere . i see some of these people ... you know i think it's just harder to make friends when you get older ( i'm 29 ) . a lot of my old friends have settled down and gotten married , and unless i'm meeting people at work it's kind of hard ... how old are you ? oh i love my creature comforts . give me a perfectly grilled ribeye and a nice glass of wine , a cashmere scarf , and i'm a happy girl . i posted this once in the infp forum and got some great answers . i'm curious about the other nfs . my humor can be very dark , and i use a lot of hyperbole . really dramatic hyperbole . most people ... oh this is me in a nutshell so much it's eerie . i actually had a period of life where i seemed to have shut off the inner critic and was happy , and then i lost it and now i look back and think those ... yeah you can get 5 - htp at drugstores . and i do think i have a touch of sad - i even got one of those light boxes to sit in front of and try to get more sunshine . but there's still something deep ... '