' i've recently realized all my love interests and ex'es have been isfp . which means it's the type i'm mainly attracted to . but the selfishness bother me a bit being an idealist , while understanding it ... thanks alot ! she's 26 . i'd say she's becoming more comfortable with her j'ness rather as she gets older . she's been sort of borderline about alot of things . her process lately has been about her giving up the ... we've been best friends , but i still can't type her . i'm way too well on the other hand . she's quite introverted , a bit of a tomboy , she loves books , her childhood dream was becoming a writer , ... saffron from firefly sensual and knows how to switch from innocent to bold . she'd crush me like a bug ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vCW9k7ogOI4 i have some enfp-tendencies , so i can't really relate . if you find the right people you're not boring and they're not . humans are both individuals and part of a collective , you could say it's biology . this iswhy i reject both communism and extreme liberalism . neither is adapted to human nature . got friendzoned by my best friend for 4-5 years , so got nobody to hang with anymore . makes sense because i was a bit of a doormat . i wouldn't call the bible the hight of human litterature ... no it's not a good book . to be honest i think society has hit a point where , if a chick doesn't love ... stop crying about it and go to the gym . are you good looking enough you won't get this problem . single , totally friend zoned by a girl for quite some time forever alone jesus can be whatever you want him to be , imaginary things tend have that quality i'm not only an atheist , i'm also an anti-theist ! maybe i just fought against my wishful thinking . love comes in all forms and different shapes , most of the dubious . if you're serious about life you should go for the gold . it's probably like everything else , there has to be some minimum level of it . my longest relationship was with a girl that had no interest in anything intellectual , basically . so it was obviously not ... we are extra prone to believe in the supernatural and have a tendency to suffer easily ! i don't like pretending such childish things exists , i'm not as special as i like to think . i'm an empathic person , but i don't have any mystical powers . my body is all i have . 3/4 swedish and 1/4 finnish laplander ( native people that live on the nordic tundra and have raindeers ) http://www.queendom.se/blogg/wp-content/samer.jpg more modern : ... my ex girlfriend and my female roommate were abused . i think i'm pretty much a healer , yes . ravenclaw ! you scored 28 % slytherin , 48 % ravenclaw , 24 % gryffindor , and 40 % hufflepuff ! ... you're an npc ! ( non-player character ) sorry to say this , but you didn't score high enough in any category to be assigned a class . simply put : you have no class . but , hey , don't take it too ... infps are nice guys . more likely to be pansies ? yes ! are we totally baller anyway ? ofcourse ! doesn't make it less true :) 1 . don't do religion , it poisons everything . 2 . don't do politics , it will only give you a messiah complex and alot of enemies . 3 . don't endulge in wishful thinking , even if it's hard not to , ... this really stuck to my head ... stop trying to save the world , you'll only get a messiah complex and alot of enemies ! been following it ever since and never talk politics . i dislike this thread ! not really attractive stuff to hear for an infp guy . i don't think i'd get the chance to be honest , i'm beta deluxe :P i'm not so sure forestpeople are so happy , i'm sure they'd want to be able to provide for their families , have healthcare etc . currently studying for an exam in linear algebra and differential equations that i will fail , but fortunally there's re-exams . this is my last math exam i need for graduation though , so ... guess it's ... i have not read alot of books in my life ( doubt more than 10 ) , i just don't think any is worth reading . i'm more of a movie person . allthough i have an easy time with poetry , but it's rare that ... i had the exact same struggles in my life earlier . after watching alot of christopher hitchens that is no longer the case . he's available in audio and books but i prefer him when he holds speeches ... feels like people are just throwing out characters without motivating it , kind of pointless ? i heard harry potter isn't an infp and they made good arguments for it . so ... stop it ! :) in 1on1 situations i'm mostly being sarcastic about all the women i'd try to score and discussing life problems usually . women being the main one , but not the only one . when i'm with more than ... you should use a more informative description in the title , think about it next time . haha , trying to get infp's to skype . priceless ! i'm quite used to it by now , so not a big problem . i might be up for it if you ask nicely , but i'm hardly an expert on jung . chatting could work ... it's just recently i've found out about infp's , so i've never really gotten a complete understanding of why i'm like i am . but it's not like i haven't been able to figure out bits and pieces . been ... this site keeps completely overwhelming me ... blah ! i still have all this wisdom but i'm hindered by something to take action . i'm pretty good with saying things that are hard to say . it has pretty much never backfired on me , atleast in a way that wouldn't happen eventually anyway . i'm currently thinking about asking a ... it's a good argument in that it atleast makes you think , i didn't mean it's hard to refute :) that enneagram basically told me what i've been trying to tell myself , keep succeeding and failing in for many years . perfectionist ? where ? : crazy : i have left my options open by studying to become a civil engineer , which is super boring but should enable me to work in any field i want to . was thinking about becoming a police or shrink , but i ... we're good listeners we'll help you with your boring issues we'll probably put up with your bullshit we'll likely never pick a fight with you played counter-strike on a top swedish ranked team back in 2000 , been swedish captain in rtcw : enemy territory and in the best pvp guild in europe in wow . i just disconnection from the real world and analyze or feel , no gummy bears or rainbows here . overthinking and feeling is also what keeps me from action . i don't have this vivid fantasy world ... yes , please explain to me why i'm so god damn lazy and have a hard time to take initatives ! i'm ½ a year away from finishing my studies , but i can't even open up a book without dying inside . even ... my own mental weakness sometimes , the boundaries i have inside my head that is so hard to break ehm ... mean people ? i think it's just a part of the default human condition . blame evolution ! the cure for this void is apparently culture according to ernest becker . it's because humans are self aware and also aware ... there are a few good arguments against atheism , for example the fine-tuning of the universe . but it's just not convincing enough in the large scheme of things . you can't blame us for wishful ... heartbreaks is a part of life , the sooner you learn to embrace it the better . the pain is as much a part of you as the love ! or something :) '