' i get anxious that i look like a creepy serial killer if i did anything like that . i hate myself . how do you get out of bed in the morning and / or only sleep for 6 hours ? don't you pass out in the day when you start to day dream ? when i'm in bed , oh my god i wake up and i'm so nice and warm i just ... too little ? ! ? ! ? wow you lucky people , i'm awake 20 hours straight most days but when i sleep it's 15 hours ... i wish i could sleep less holy fuck . fuck off . no idea , never lend money because there's 0 advantages for you , they'll not pay back on time causing you to chase them up , if they don't pay on time they're thinking in their head to avoid you so ... so 1 or 3 days after i wrote this , or the other day i have no idea when , but recently i drove to where i grew up , just drove up the street and i got emotional and then i started to cry in my car , ... i'm never focused on the past but my stress or inability to relax is getting in the way of my lifex 92s progress . i drove to a church at 3am in the pitch black and sat there for an hour just trying to ... programming when you get into it is fun , it's also hard to start getting into as it's a grind . i did program when i was really young , but i stopped because i had no internet access . then i thought ... you are 13.9 % good . you are 10.3 % chaotic . alignment : true neutral you do whatever seems like a good idea at the time . you don't feel any strong inclination towards good vs . evil or law ... i don't know , but i would like to be more efficient at it , i know that i'm a wizard when i'm around people and brainstorming ideas for things i'm interested in . but problem solving on my own ... estp because they are the definition of life , and entjs because they get things done . this isn't relationship experience . but i had a friend who i'd go out with and hang out with , but then he stole money from me which i'm 100 % sure of so i completely lost all feelings and any kind of ... haha makes me laugh that all the results are i am awesome xd the thing that scares me is if i'm in a place in the past that hasn't changed and if i don't react impulsiveley towards it ( i . e gahhh get out of here ) i could end up falling into the past on the ... any entps that are taken from an average household statistic have failed and fell into being normal contradictory to our rebellious and independent natures . therefore i'd like to think that the ... i have this huge problem that whenever i'm trying to buy anything i think about how much the other person is making , in cars for instance , they are the worst , the price tag in a dealership is a ... when i have a task ahead of me i prefer not to think about how to do things myself because i ask myself questions before moving to the next step and getting a second opinion on things helps a lot , ... yeah when it's something new where you've never been before or there's unknown variables - before entering the building i think about all the different possibilities that could happen so i can ... i notoriously do this . everyone back where i grew up was going nowhere and just went to the pub and smoked weed . i moved 300 miles away alone with my online business completely cutting those people ... entj from what i've read in other threads . i certainly agree that all actions have reactions . but i wouldn't make decisions that are disadvantageous to me . this doesn't exclude helping others , i would give to charity if the reward was greater ... its still only for self interest though am i right ? yeah i try to analyze everything and the future and what actions i'm doing now that would effect that particular future and how difficult that is and then i think ot myself what i actually have to do ... oh shit i never though about that before , so one person's justification of something doesn't necessarily mean that someone else would view that as just ? that gives me some perspective on my line of ... oh i had no intention of implying that you bsed your resume , i think it looks good . but i was just expressing my perception from experience when people try to sell themselves to me . maybe i'm like ... what about martin spinella ? i think estp . ( the guy from the unions that punches frank in the face ) i have no idea i came across as an asshole in the post lol , i don't see anything wrong with just putting advice out there ; i just made an observation of what i thought of your post and then i ... how careless they are , i tried working with one before and they'll just say yeah it's fine in the most casual way possible when it's actually a big deal and it needs to be air tight , you need to be ... i'll never be able to get a job . when i hire people whatever bs they write about their skills i don't believe , the only thing i believe is physical examples of things they've managed and what they've ... i don't care about god or jesus i'm just trying to understand the disadvantages of me having this mindset and finding what the best solution for it would be . i recently realised how i subconsciously ... thought this was a really interesting subject taken from the intp forum , i'd like to see what entps think ! your personality your result : driver 68 % let's do it my way . desire to have control . needs sense of obedience , appreciation for accomplishments , credit for ability . key strengths are ability ... do unto others as you would have them do unto you . i've been thinking a lot recently and my past experiences with justification have all been so weird . i question what justification actually ... when it's important and i'm under preassure i'm very manipulative because i care about it so i guess my fe comes out . pretty much i was just blagging going to school and i procrastinated doing ... well i look at the end goal , as i don't understand feelings just being happy isn't definitive enough for me . i've already made money and if my wealth doubled it wouldn't change what i do on a day ... i'm pretty socially retarded because i very rarely socialise , when i was at school eventually after shitty experiences and realising that my friends were just dumb and going nowhere in life i just ... i have an isxp friend that i troll for amusement just to see him get mad , but it's all in good faith , i know that any feelings that i momentarily hurt will be completely fine soon enough and he ... i know i have executed some genius and hilarious trolls but i don't remember them . yeah i was thinking entp too , he's absolutely awesome , but i'm always wrong about these things . are there any online sources of an iq test that are reliable ? i've never done one . i'm 21 and i dispatched away from all my old school friends as they just smoked weed every day and / or done meth aiming to get a consturction job somewhere . my family are all working class and have ... obviously option number 1 as you get paid more per hour . i think petter russo is estp tbh , they are very loyal to the people they've grown up with i wouldn't say he's esfp . seth in season 2 is my favourite character , is anybody able to type him ? no . sup he just lost his cocaine buzz so his mood went down making him less talkative . i don't know i can't hear you . the meaning of life is to live . so i will find a way to live for a billion years . that's it . i'd love to meet an estp girl . this makes me feel so introverted , but i'm not smart enough to be an intp , plus i have no friends so maybe that's why i feel introverted . need to get out of that comfort zone , but i just don't care ... '