' 1 . originality , be opinionated on intellectual matters , embrace change . mystery is something we are quite attracted to . either someone we can't really read because they tend to be shy and do not show ... but i dated your grandad go for it and be honest with the entp . we apreciate honesty and we like people who are very blunt about how much they like us , and if this person's not sure of what your feelings are or what's your ... such a ravenclaw answer : laughing : oh , you young entp lady . i used to think the same thing back when i thought i didn't have emotions . heck , to me emotions were a bunch of ingredients in a potion i knew vaguely how it smelt like but ... not an estp myself , but read hogwarts and i could't resist :p roud : i believe estps are pretty much gryffindors . come to think about it , se feels like the perfect function for gryffindors indeed oh yeah , i was a pretty much advanced speaker and reader , you see : laughing : o . m . g . i'm in love and i'm not even gay : laughing : plus , your style is just great i'm 5 months and a week away to turn 30 i hate them all . but ne . ne is just the perfect function : cool : as a thinker , it's always been difficult for me to understand emotions in general and my own emotions in particular . fjs have helped me develop that part of me that was hidden and i wasn't even aware ... i've recently learned the entp-infj connection doesn't necesarily need to be between a male entp and a female infj . the other way round works pretty well too . it is pretty rare to find it , but it's ... right from the moment i learned about mbti three years ago , i started reading all this unicornly magical connection between entps and infjs , but up until two months ago , i honestly thought that ... so . just kind-of come back from my working holidays - basically summer camp - to find out a weirdly intriguing conversation between littledreamer and knife talking about my pocahontas avatar and the ... shall i dye my hair and use blue contact lenses ? but to be fair and not to brag ( too much ) , i sound more british than mel gibson , and i'm not even british : laughing : you might be a modern ... let me just say this is the narrowest-minded thing i've ever heard from an entp . seriously ? a 21st century guy saying that the only way you can get sex without any strings is by manipulation ? ? how ... entp woman esfj guy . would you describe that as a crazy combination ? thoughts on that would be very much appreciated i'm the first one who laughs at my predictions big cities are full of lovely different museums . medium size cities , not so much . but i like the idea of walking around while on a date . it's kind of easy to get lost on purpose if it's not going ... museums . never done that on a first date ! but i think i'd like to try it . so , when are you free ? : laughing : you can try find all those things without actually asking about those things . be subtle . one of the best topics to talk about on a date is traveling . you can ask her about the places she's visited , ... kennedy was a xnfj . i would go for infj . as for obama fi user ? i cannot see that . i would type him as entp though i'm pretty sure many of my esxj friends would come up with all these reasons why i am an introverted and not an extroverted . extrovertion is misunderstood . you never know , but sometimes you ... probably , to me , one of the worst moments especially when dealing with introverts is when they expect you to be the chatty leader who would tell them what to do where to go and what to talk about as ... chuck bass entj ! never heard that before . i'm curious , what makes you suggest that ? i would say tommy shelby from peaky blinders . though i'm not entirely sure he's intj or entj intp men . what's your opinion on entp women . tell me all about it i would say he's pretty much extroverted , he won't stop talking : laughing : intps xstps intjs enfjs we hate giving the impression that we are hurt or that something has hit really hard on us . so even though that entp might be as damaged as you or even more , he won't show it . well , figure out is a way of putting it , but i personally tend to say someone who is the same way you expected them to be . which might sound the same , but it isn't . when i meet someone and i ... there's this thing that i've recently come back to listening and watching backstreet boys videos - oh dear youtube , so many interesting things in youtube ! ! ! and here are my guesses aj - xnfj ... in a way i agree with desire machine . especially with si doms / s in specific moments of their day in which they just want to sit down and talk about details in their lives , what time they've waken up , ... i've been rewatching desperate housewives recently and i've got one thing clear , and that is that lynette is a ti user for sure . not sure if se or ne , but tp for sure . it's been a very long time since i've met inxx men so tell me where is it you go shopping for them ? ? haven't seen such a perfect answer in quite a long time eryngo sorry to stick my nose in this , but we are family ( entp , intp ... c'mon , we are practically siblings ! ) and i love this kind of questionnaires , so i'm answering as well . 1 . on a scale of ... yes we are , very much i think this is a very interesting experience to discuss . as it turns out , last weekend i went to a social event in another city where there was this very obvious entp , and it was as though my brain ... oh yeah , definitely . i need to be the hunter , if i'm not the first one interested in the guy ( or for that matter , at the same time ) nothing they do would appeal to me . and especially if they need ... are you doing some kind of experiment on us or something ? i do like intjs and i am single . but i'm not a very big fun of creepy stalker intjs . or any other type for that matter . and why do you want ... an entp sort-of-hero that started off as a villain : james ' sawyer ' ford the actual bar , where you order , it's a fantastic place to start a conversation with the person next to you . or simply to approach the one who seems interesting . i do that indeed haha dreamuur bars where we can talk . not nightclubs , not discos . the typical bar where you can easily engage in an interesting conversation . if it's an alternative bar where original people hang out , ... problem with us ne doms is that we can get caught in the ocean of possibilities and never get out of it . so focus , boy , focus . if i were you , rather than expecting women to get attracted to you , ... i like questionnaires :) if someone came to you and asked you to make a decision about something , what would your thought process be ? probably it depends on the decision and how important it ... that's a difficult one to only choose one . enfjs would be my ultimate option , though i'm really hurt i had to let intjs and intps out of the deal : sad : i think it runs in the ne dna . my ex enfp always said he couldn't be bother with boring people . we used to work at the same place and , indeed , there were a few boring people around . he also had ... i'm confused . you want to take personality types into consideration or you don't ? well , i'm probably not much of a help , as far as i know i just know one male entp , more of an acquaintance , ... i very much think that he was a xnfj . i'm more leaning towards infj here are my reasons : ni dom ; he understood things right away , he knew what to say and when , he was very much focused on the ... '