' take care , god bless always on my mind , always in my heart never in my arms , never face to face a soul of such beauty , a smile of such radiance you will never learn of my undying love . hello ! i just registered . i'm an infp , who is a stay at home mom for the moment , and an indie published writer of two fiction novels . good to be here ! :) welcome , i am new and just registered as well ! ( also an infp ) :) welcome ! i've written a faith-based christian romance novel ! i'm looking into publishing . as a child , i was more ' speak my mind ' until it was squelched out of me . i remember ages 10/11 , right before puberty as when i changed and withdrew into a shell . it took many years to get out of that ... i've always been fine with chatting and small talk with strangers . i guess it makes me have extrovert tendencies , but it's really easy . i guess because i'm less self-conscious with people i'll never ... i feel like this , too ! i'm interested in psychology mainly because i want to know what is ' wrong ' with me . and i keep finding more and more things wrong with me , ( possible non-hyperactive adult add ... close friends ? maybe 2 . or just one , because one of them moved away . i've always been able to make friendly acquaintances super easy and have tons of non-close friends , but there are very , very ... i think i'm border because i can relate to that description the most , but in real life , people think of me as calm , kind of phlegmatic . yet i have this constant desire to escape the boredom of my ... i have noticed that too . kids have always seen me as someone who's approachable , accepting , and safe . i also notice that kids with special needs or kids who are socially awkward seek me out , because ... i'm a writer - not formally published though . i have an e-book novel on wattpad i'm working on . my dream is to be good enough to someday make a tiny bit of money doing it , and to have a book with my ... mine is words of affirmation and quality time , and my husband's is acts of service and touch . this is a problem because he's so busy and he's not very eloquent in words , and i'm also lazy about ... same here ! the 1920 ' s , but i'd only want to be a wealthy young society woman at that time , rebelling against her parents and dating dashing bootleggers . i also love the early 1900 ' s / 10 ' s , the gilded ... i am another person who is trying to figure out if i am a nine or a two . i tested as a two in that simple little enneagram test i found online where you choose ' banners ' with collages of pictures ... thank you ! i would say 9w1 is most likely my enneagram type . much appreciated ! :) thank you , living dead for linking ! :) i see what some other posters were writing out , the more detailed questionnaire below . 1 . what drives you in life ? what do you look for ? - security , both ... i know for sure i'm an infp according to myers-briggs , but i decided to take the enneagram . i ended up with a kind of flat score , pretty evenly high in 2 , 9 , and 6 : type 1 perfectionism ... i've been married to an esfj man for 19 years . ( i had him take a short version of a test and that's what he came up with . ) i need a medal , or a crown . for being a ' married single mom ' of a ... 1 . each of my children on the day they were born . 2 . fall colors on a sunny october day , the sky a brilliant cerulean blue . 3 . on spring mornings like these , when the grass has that frost over it ... yes ! take any typical weekday morning . i wake up to my daughter's alarm clock , have to tell her a few times to get up for school . then my son's alarm clock goes off later . i get out their cereal ... 1 . no , this person would not be more impressive than albert einstein , because even if a wizard , he might be dumber than a brick for not learning to perform more impressive magic . 2 . no - i couldn't ... i'm a disnerd - a huge fan of the classic animated disney movies . i did like frozen and some of the newer ones , but the former disney movies will always be my favorites . i've written fanfiction for ... i'm a disnerd - a huge fan of the classic animated disney movies . i did like frozen and some of the newer ones , but the former disney movies will always be my favorites . i've written fanfiction for ... emo loner lives in a fantasy world pushover writes sad things soft-spoken hypersensitive awkward depressed weird [ quote = aelthwyn ; 16703482 ] oo i thought of another one . my husband does this all the time and it kills me . he tested as an esfj . i also hate loud arguing , noisy and chaotic environments , pretty ... grey romantic - your favorite characters are strong , powerful women , who can pretty much do whatever they want ( i'm thinking of regina specifically ) you might identify with them or want to be more ... don't talk to strangers by rick springfield . ( i don't know how to embed youtube videos . ) i tried but it didn't work . :) i am . it's one of the things i have to tolerate about things i do like , like disney world . ( it's hard to stay for the fireworks and parade because of the throng you are stuck in leaving afterward . ) ... dislikes : people who are easily offended , you have to walk on eggshells to talk to them , and you can't kid around . people who are micro-managers , nitpicky , bossy , anal , etc . stuck-up , snobby , ... out of curiosity , what movie were you describing ~ ? ( ｀ ・ ω ・ ´ ) ” [ / quote ] i don't wanna say , it seems so childish for a grown woman to write fanfic based on a cartoon movie . it's animated . ' sall i'm ... i write too , and villains are much more enjoyable to write than the heroes . i'm in the process of creating an unexpected villain for a story right now . there are some movies where i sympathized with ... same here ! welcome ! i'd rather be an enfp than an infp , because i would actually want to reach out to others . enfps seem like the most warm fuzzy , popular people . my i hides the warm fuzziness i have inside that others ... i'm not giving out pics to this guy ! : shocked : yay for showing that not all guys are into twigs ! ! ! woo hoo ! there are a few women here whose figures look a lot like mine . :) i don't know how some of them keep their waists so small , though ... i've tried really hard to work on listening to other people . when i listen , the attention isn't on me but on my friend . i have to make myself pay attention to her and her issues , and try not to ... yes , i'm a christian and i believe in heaven , but i sometimes wonder if it's supposed to be as good as i try to imagine . is there , like , delicious junk food with no calories ? can we have sex in ... yes ! you get it ! it's like you see a certain person and they have a ' special glow ' about them . when i interacted with the guy by email as a customer , he seemed genuine and a super sweet person , not ... i have a big personal space bubble , and most of the time i don't like being touched . i've actually backed away from gregarious people at my church who come up close when they talk and grab my arm ... yes ! and i think it was meant to mean # 3 ? the song you're beautiful by james blunt is about this very thing , isn't it ? i thought the song and the video was irritating until it happened to me . then i couldn't stop listening to it . : sad : ... this . i fill my mind with diversions and trifles to numb and bury the pain any time my heart is alone there's a melancholic shower of rain looking at bunnies and pictures of cake reading the latest ... i do that , too . i go through phases of liking a certain movie , book , historical figure or period , and find fan fiction or anything i can about the topic . i have one primary interest that i've had for ... i'm traditionally feminine in almost every way in terms of lifestyle , having been a stay at home mom , and when i do work it's in female dominated jobs . i like pink and lace and wear lots of floral ... guys with brown ( either deep black-brown or golden amber-brown ) eyes guys with high , arched eyebrows that give them a boyish , aw-shucks look guys with cheek dimples or deep lines on either side of ... i've come to peace now about the incident of my internet crush because of the feeling you described so perfectly ! it's like having a sweet little secret that is only mine , this idealizing of some ... that's the thing ... when you don't actually meet the person , you idolize them . in the case of the stranger i had a crush on ( and probably will forever because it's been over 2 years since i looked at ... yes , yes , yes ! i've been a fangirl about things ( movies , books , subjects ) my entire life . my earliest memory ( probably 3 years old ) was dressing up as a character from a storybook ( little red ... '