' unrelated to methods of argument , the fact that every time i come back it's the same shit over and over - do you guys phase in and out of things ? do you like to get super into one thing that catches your attention until you get bored of it , and then move onto the next big thing ? yes - does above ... i'm wishing one specific person would stop following me across forums just to vague me in their posts / replies i say , ironically vaguing myself , but anyway i actually use netflix to watch things i've never seen or even heard of , so it gets the use from me . i think most people hype it up because it has popular shows on it , and when netflix releases ... if he's giving mixed signals , it's best to ask him , you can't read his mind - an estp , to an infp lmao estp , visual / tactile autodidact welcome ! i hope you enjoy your stay , and if you've got any questions , hmu a lot of different things can influence the accuracy of your test ( s ): - the inaccuracy of the tests , and their reliance ... if you support any causes with a fervor , why do you support them and how did you come to that conclusion ? multiple examples encouraged let it be known that thinkers can be in tune with feelings ... when i come on here , it's to shitpost , or lurk a whole lot to eat popcorn and watch the hellstorm mostly it's what fleetfoot said . lots of distractions . i was one of the ' am i infp or infj ? ? ? ' edgelords when i was 14 or so pretty sure that , with my answers , my p would've been over 9,000 i typed that before seeing my results , so a precursor to this is that i'm also highly suspicious of being adhd , which is a long ... tsun or kuu . i'd love to say kami since i'm the shit , but i won't . someone complimented me for what an asshole i am that was both the best compliment i've had and the weirdest kill for sport the context for your response , or for the tone of my post ? either way , i'm not bothered with it , and if my picture gives off any vibes , that's its intent lmao barf is what i ... traveler my environment was a pile of shit so i matured fast . that doesn't say much of anything , but i do acknowledge your comment about having to mature . there's also the fact that different ... http://25.media.tumblr.com/2bd323795228e6626fec3e0ede3b2315/tumblr_mg9a8eYjKG1s23ayfo1_400.gif if i can walk around a few / multiple times a day , i could be fine . but i do know the last time i had a ... traveler i was not cunning or manipulative in youth , but i do subscribe to moral nihilism / skepticism / relativism as well . ( it's a horribly convoluted mix of those lmao . ) it's rather fun going ... traveler there are so many different options that it takes a lot of work to pinpoint a specific cause , and a number of different comorbid conditions can present as something else . as an ... drunk parrotmedic kill for sport i wouldn't be here if i wasn't abnormal myself . after all , it takes a certain type of person / people to get along swimmingly with people with ( possible ? ) aspd ... how many people have come in here asking you to diagnose them you know it happened i want to know how many lmao i'm okay with healthy fi-doms . i used to be all about helping people without being asked , to the point that i sacrificed myself and nosed into business that i had nothing to do with , became convinced i could help or change ... that channel's the best , especially the saw blade episode lmao lmfao . 1 ) 23 2 ) california 3 ) that depends upon the day , my mood , what it is , etc . ( this is the same for 4 ) i plan on being a screenwriter , though . 4 ) since many of my friends are also extroverts , ... wytch got it for the most part . i mostly avoid talking unnecessarily , unless i'm with a good friend , lmao . i was about to put base jumping just off the top of my head and it's already here estp intensifies other than that , skydiving . i haven't been skiing or snowboarding before , so that too . i ... a lot of these suggestions sound like / are reminiscent of / just are stimming , and i'm inclined to agree with them . it's easier to focus if you grab your floating attention and give it something to do , ... estp intensifies i'd say so i haven't laughed this hard in public in a long time edit : i'm in tears at we know them in their lyrical form from the wriggling of creepers , holy shit you said the translator is utter shit and i thought or maybe the anti-feminist thing was so garbled and backward anyway that the translator had an aneurysm and turned itself off gender : male age : 15-25 intelligence : superior openness : conservative mbti personality profile : isfp closest alternative we found : istp lmfao lmfao . my friend's time working with ax this year went really badly . she's keeping me updated ( i suspect she's extj which is why this is here ) and this is happening [ 01:03 : 37 ] : excerpt from the paper ... charlie and the butthole factory howl's moving butthole nausicaa and the butthole of the wind / valley of the butthole finding butthole spirited butthole / butthole away superbabies : baby buttholes ... the perks of being a butthole hentai butthole the dark butthole rises wayne's butthole die hard with a butthole one flew over the butthole's nest a clockwork butthole / a butthole orange cowboy ... define weird you have to think of the practicality of killing an entire planet you gotta appreciate the little things in life , like writing about mercilessly slaughtering five-year-olds space and murder ... if you've seen my posts , that is or if you just know me use the best analogies you've got , i'm bored and want to see how creative perc is here's some shit about me : i have a document for the ... most of my friends in high school were dudes , and most of my friends now are wacky , aggressive , or both . i still get along better with more masculine people , for the most part because i don't ... i get along really well with intjs it's very popular in bullshit business settings , where they use the dichotomous pairs in order to better understand each other . the actual study of it ? i have no idea , but i imagine , from how many ... it has been a long , winding , arduous road to find out my true self , my true shitposting trash-living self , the estp . also a lot of cross-examination and consulting the oracles of socionics but i ... there isn't a doubt in my mind that lelu is intj lmao if people can bang on pots and pans to make percussion and thus , music , i think edm applies lmao i've lived my entire life on music , so i'm under the belief that anything that makes sound that is ... part of me is saying you're harming your street cred when i thank these posts the other part asks , what street cred uncuck urslevs libtards , feminsiems is lookin 4 new world order ! they liv to opras men ! take red pill i love a good story how's your self-esteem ? can you go back ( now or later ) and find specific examples of what might trigger the anxiety , so you can pinpoint a pattern ? even doing so in a notebook or word document can ... raise the roof for dissociative anxiety since you mentioned it , maybe the anxiety part influences people's perception of ah yes a feeler lmao i don't know if warm would be more accurate , warm , or if they're both accurate ( in my case , anyway ) . it kind of changes based on the situation and people involved . i can be the social chameleon and ... '