' who are your favorite outdoor writers or which are your favortie books ? tea ! ! ! love the smell of coffee and drink it in the morning , but when i want to relax i'm all about the tea . rishi tea has my favorite blends thus far ! rishi tea : organic fair trade tea i think it depends on the passion . it is very difficult to be engulfed in one passion all day , every day , all year . i think there are career passions and recreational passions . i think i would rather ... i too am considering this field of work . i've been working at a retail store for the past 5 years as a customer service / sales associate and have recently been promoted to department supervisor after ... what is your job / career ? - tech center supervisor @ gander mountain , an outdoor store , but i'm at gunworld gander mountain , selling guns and hunting equipment ... which i have no interest in ... my girlfriend typed out as esfj , though she is kinda isfj too . she is amazing , to start , and we've been together for 8 years ever since high school . i'm going to be 26 soon and she will be 24 , and ... haha , ya , me too ! gotta try meditating in the nuuude , it's relaxing and refreshing . something about sleeping out in the fresh air also makes me frisky ! haha anyone want to go camping ? haha jk ! i'm ... sweet ! ! i can't wait for ski season here ! i mostly xc ski , but i want to get an action camera this year so that i can take cool vids of the trails ! telepariah : your picture looks like a kick ass ... thank you for your response ! it isn't healthy , but it was before all of the changes . i've been there fore 5 years and it is difficult to leave because i love the people i work with and i am ... how do we , as people who care about others as well as being introverts , develop leadership skills and skills that will help us to deal with difficult coworkers or bosses in a proffessional ... have any of you outdoorsy infp's ever used an action camera to record your adventures ? i just became a tech center supervisor at the gander mountain that i work at , and these action games look ... well , i got the supervisor role . heres the thing , my store changed during its remodel . it used to be fishing , camping , outdoor apparrel , and hunting equipment , but now it is strictly hunting ... so , now i have a dilemma on top of my previous dilemma . the machine job is still open to me , but at my outdoor retail job i was offered a supervisory position in a remodeled store close to where i ... thank you so much for the posts ! my current job is full time with benefits but pays about $ 1.50 less than the new option and may not lead to anything greater with the company . i've been after ... i could really use an infp's advice on my current job situation . i would really really appreciate any advice that you guys might be able to offer : i currently work for an outdoor retailer in a ... parks and recreation = the right and accessability to health and happiness in every city for every person nrpa - national recreation and park association are you in the human services ( i . e . counseling , public service , socal science , recreation management , librarian , non-profit , humane services etc ... ) field where you strive to do better for society ? ... thanks for your post ! glad i was able to bring in a new infp to the site ! any time with nature is worthwhile . that is why i'm interested in this sort of career . nothing spells infp more than ... has any infp tried this career ? landscape design , architect , or horticulture ? i'm really thinking about a career in this field . i agree ! i'm hoping to work at a nature center soon . watching kids explore the outdoors brings out that young boy in me that used to go searching for frogs in the ponds ! oh , i'd so love to be a ... awesome ! i'm an eagle scout as well ! i loved being a part of boy scouts ! i traveled all over the u . s . did you get to travel anywhere special ? so , how do you ( as an infp ) deal with the speech part of communications ? i have no doubt in my one-on-one communication abilities , but i'm very shy and nervous in the oral commuication area . i think ... i am not an overly religious person . i would call myself agnostic , but some part of me wants to believe in a higher power . having said that ... i've been depressed lately about life and college ... i made a mistake with college . i've spent 6 years in college thus far with not much to show for it . i've changed my major 6 + times . i took a break last year and then decided to get back into by ... funny , i was just thinking about this today while i was at the mall with my girlfriend . we were in a gap store and i got this overwhelming feeling of anxiety from looking at the photos of the models , ... hello my friends , i am wondering if any of you are studying liberal arts , journalism , or communications and what that is like for you . if you are in a journalism or communications career , what is ... so , i've now been offered an events planning position within my company , but it doesn't come with compensation or benefits which i am currently without . the company is moving in a new direction , but ... yeah , i've been part time ever since i left my first college after one semester ( to far from home ) . i have an associate's degree of arts and science with an emphasis in cultural studies ( geography , ... would any of you use volunteering as a substitute for gaining experience to get a job or going to college ? i've been doing the college thing for the past 10 years and it is just not working out ... hey everyone , i was just wondering if any of you volunteer ? if you do where do you volunteer and how often ? and , have you ever been offered a job based on your volunteer work ? thanks ! ... well , i didn't get the supervisor position , but that's not a bad thing . this opens me up to the opportunity to possibly take on some summer work within the area that i'm most interested : parks and ... that is by far the best advice and the best post anyone has ever replied to my post with ! thank you so very much for responding ! you gave me some great insight . i'm starting to develop some of my ... hello everybody ! i am a part time student and currently working part time in retail . i have an opportunity to advance within my company from sales to managment which would give me full time pay ... to all of you infp's that celebrate thanksgiving today , happy thanksgiving ! ! ! i hope that you enjoy the time with friends and family ! ! : happy :: happy :: happy :: happy :: happy :: happy : some more pics from the same trip . can you tell i was playing the part of an amateur photographer with a cheap digital camera ? haha wish i had a nice $ 1000 canon ! * writes on christmas wish list * ... a few pictures from minocqua , wisconsin from this past september . a ) the white pier , notice the low water from the drought we are facing in that area . b ) me and a 22 largemouth bass , the biggest ... well , i made my choice . my heart and my head came to a compromise . i'm going to study organizational leadership ( non-profit management in other words ) with a minor in environmental studies . i want to ... tomorrow i am going to my college to sign up for classes . i am returning back to this school after a semester break to try and figure out what i should study , but i still can't decide if i want to ... it's complicated . i'm the only infp in my family . my brother's are very down to earth and hands on types of people ( working in carpentry and automobiles ) . they are careless , egotistical , and redneck ... i'm pushing myself to commit to a major in english and minor in environmental studies / geography . my alternative is organizational leadership major and environmental studies / geography minor . i can't ... definitely visit each college that you have applied to and are accepted to . after 6 years of college between 4 different universitys , i can attest to the advice that an academic counselor gave me ... dude ! awesome picture ! i wish i had a decent camera to do outdoor photography ! glad to hear you're getting better ! there is nothing worse than not being able to get outside ! it's hard for me to ... anyone studying organizational leadership / management or non-profit management ? what is it like and what do you want to do with your degree ? i'm considering studying organizational leadership so ... it's a high of 50 today here in se wisconsin , and i can't wait until the snow flies ! i'm really looking forward to cross country skiing this year ! i just started last year , but only mid-way through ... wow ! i just saw a glimpse of my future in your career change decision ! first of all , congrats ! for making a well informed decision and sticking to it ! indecision is ruining my life and i'm only ... i'm a sales associate at an outdoorsy store ( hunting , fishing , camping ) working full time hours w / out benefits for now . i dislike the corporate policies and working weekends , but i do like helping ... have you ever watched the movie powder ? he was in tune with feelings and was very intuitive and intelligent ! i think powder was an infp ! someone completely different from the rest of the world .  ... absolutely ! ! ! i usually can't go to bed without reading , writing , or watching a movie . netflix is a miracle ! i have such a big list of movies in my movie queue ! i average around two movies a ... anyone recommend a good christmas read ? i mainly journel to get all of the thoughts out of my head . while journaling , i listen to music that suits my mood . other than that i get away for a bit . i go for a walk / hike or take a drive . when i ... '