' thanks bro . you spoiled it . you should be more careful > . > gah , this sucks . im in the process of watching r2 ... actually , you spoiled both . fuck you if you like porcupine tree , i suggest checking out steven wilson's ( singer ) side project . he came out with an album lately called the raven that refused to sing . it's radical . luminol is a good one ... hilarious hahahahah ! ughhhghghgaagahhugughhhghuhghhh ... i died a little the ones that has helped me the most and is most honest have been ram dass , eckhart tolle , and mooji . i am in the process of figuring out what i want to do in the future . i may be going to college in sept , but may also work for a year to figure out what i want to do . i went to university ( in canada ) ... tenma seems like and infp . or a socionics infj . he seems to always be filtering through his emotions - breaking them down and feeling everything . i attribute this to fi-dom . he doesn't have that ... i don't think infj's tend to view relationships in terms of steps ( the ni ones ) . like - now were dating , now this is happening , blah blah . he just wants it to flow . no matter what , even if you ... having recently graduated from high school ( 2 yrs ago ) i felt truely at home with the nerds . they are my real friends . we shared similar interests ( videogames , sci-fi stuff and all that nerdy ... in my head ah , makes sense . woot ! don't feed the troll ! ! ! he prolly had a bad runin with a selfish individual , and attributes his / her selfishness to his personality type . pity use this as a compass : socionics :: logic / ethics ethics are f , t is logic if you feel like you are both , it might be that you have no preference are watching movies a waste of time ? it's entertainment . it's not done for the sake of some future goal - the value in it is found in the immediate experience of it . video games have alot to offer , i ... this helped me the most in understanding the functions : notes on the socion , or socionics basics - - pg . 2 they use the terms ethics to describe the myers-briggs feeling function so ... it could be that personality preference may be preference of chemical levels . the mystery then would be how these chemicals are crystallized in consciousness as functions . imagine you gather 1000 infj's in one building , all milling about doing their business . you place a sheet of paper on a table in the middle of a large place of gathering that says do you think you ... gonna have to stop you here , buddy . 50 to 70 % of infjs have ocd [ on this forum ] have ocd , so let's say 15 of 20 infjs here have said they have ocd . that means you would have to find 1480 ... i have been smoking marijuana for 5 years . it has the ability to cure ocd , and has cured mine definitely . i also love the chemical oxytocin . my friend was dropping some in pills , he asked if i wanted ... if you think that your social timing is out of sink , there should be no shame in that . i think its a matter of embracing your uniqueness . the best thing that has happened to me is finding my entj ... does it even have an application ? is it an application to be applied ? simply , as itself , does it take place largely within our unconscious . i have been wondering if the visions that i have within my ... i have always felt that i shouldn't have been born , or something went horribly wrong during my growing up that has alienated me form the normal human experience . something might have actually ... in my opinion , you first have to consider that that feeling was caused by your experience of being at the hospital eariler , and that it was coincidence that you got the text at that moment . on the ... lol , i've been in that sitch many a time . you can yell at the top of your lungs at that point and they just won't listen . i really hate you right now - oh , see you later man ! ho mah gawd shes so cute - shit shes looking i feel an internal attraction with isfp's . the problem is that , since my mind wants to keep gathering information , i come to conclusions and think that i know what the isfp is knowing . it usually ... maybe obsessed with the mirror ? she sounds alot like isfp . personality isn't static though ! carl jung said that . checking the office's mbti and realizing that toby was an infj xd and my prediction came true ( pam beesly isfp ) , so u know , thats cool too . @ . @ this blew my mind ! life can be found right now . there is no use in waiting , life will always catch up no matter the condition , or how long it takes , this too shall blow over for heavens sake :-) what about kind people ? do you people even notice them ? <- obviously an insult i think keirsey is saying nf's tend to love deeper relationships with people . aka romantic relationships . all that big stuff seems like grandeur to me , and doesn't seem to serve any purpose either ... my own character in world of warcraft ... x - ) actually tom bombadil from the lorto trilogy . i like how he can magically shape nature and is immune to the evil powers of the one ring :) mostly because of my curiosity , i let whatever spills our of my heart / mind be heard by everyone else . if i judge something quickly as too ( unrealistically ) absurd , ill just read it again and apply ... sometimes i dislike how i appear to other people . all physically awkward .. i always imagine i look hysterical though , like , in a humorous way . i just laugh it off . sometimes i say stuff that other ... the gift of a warm greeting , open hearts and enough space to be . past that ; love , home-made food . i enjoy being nice to people ( not just women ) because i feel that it is a very positive way of communicating . i realize the sensitivity of the world when it comes to our actions and thoughts . our ... i wish i could act like that . people tend to idolize men more then women ( correct me if im wrong ) . i feel put on the spot quite a bit by my parents , friends , my friends parents , my parents ... lol . seems like you've debunked it . yea , i agree . i have thought of the same thing . btw , i like your profile picture . i bolded that last statement because i think that is empowering for infj's . my friends think im like bilbo . i've been a fan of fantasy-fiction art since i was a youngster . the story of bilbo will forever hold a place within my heart . it's the story that i dont think alot of ... epic response , sweetsurrender . i used to be totally disconnected from sensory experience - kind of like a robot , until i read eckhart tolle's the power of now . it helped me alot . also , where i live , ... 69215 as our inferior function , se tends to be ( from my experience , at least ) a painful thing to develop . there is a pull towards complete fiction - a perspective that the world is not what it ... 69214 at first i didn't understand this one at all . but then i thought that show is boss . dang man , that seems a little dramatic . step back and see it in the biggest picture . i am lucky enough to have made friends with a group of thinkers who have valued my friendship for a longwhile ( up until girls came into the picture ) . i mean , i've known them for 8 + years - im 20 now ... i needs a hug ;( i feel very alone sometimes , even when people are around . when i feel like my energy and things ( deep internal stuffs ) are not in the right order ( maybe its my values ? ... i dont tend to look into it much ) i usually try and find a quiet place alone . quite ... this is exactly what happened . thanks for the assistance guys , i handled it well . update : they interviewed me twice , one right after the other ( with a few minute gap in between ) . they seemed ... '