' i'm still studying nursing at the moment , so i don't really know how it's actually like working as a nurse yet . i left my office job to study nursing as i realised that i wanted to do something more ... i'm 23 this year and have a similar experience too . just graduated with a business degree last year and doing an office job as a copywriter now . i've always known something was not right and nearly ... thanks for sharing your thoughts on this . i realised that i cannot foresee myself in a business career after graduating , and am planning to take up a nursing degree in the near future . i can't wait ... i like to write about things that i'm interested in or just to get something off my chest . i've just started my job as a b2b copywriter and it made me realise that i do not particularly enjoy writing ... i love writing . but not if the purpose of it is to sell . get this a lot too . even when i smile , they ask me why i am smiling . it makes me feel like there is something wrong with me . the silence between the both of you is awkward i think it is already hard enough to meet a friend whom i can connect with closely , not to mention finding the other half . sometimes it may not be that there is something wrong with you , just that ... i had thought that a copywriting job would be something i enjoy since i love to write . but after starting work for just a few days , i am starting to feel nervous about having to let others review my ... i don't really like commitments , because it makes me feel that my freedom is being restricted . also , i like to do things according to my mood . so if i were to have a commitment such as a date with a ... interestingly i have been thinking about the exact same thing these few days , because someone asked why i make myself so tired and dissatisfied by thinking about the problems in the society . it made ... it means that competition for already scarce resources is only going to get more intense . your parents are stuck in their ' sj ' mindset ... and you are stuck in your parent's expectations . some people just can't get it no matter how many times you tell them , perhaps unless you prove them ... i feel bad about drifting away from everyone else , but i've come to realise that there is no point in forcing myself to interact with them . simply too tiring . and yes , i also don't like the way i am ... to me , i interepret it as the person is trying to let you know that although he or she is giving you some negative comments , it is not exactly a personal attack . it's to prevent you from feeling ... i like how this thread is turning into a cheesecake topic . food is a major distraction . perhaps she is not that comfortable with you yet , as some people need more time to warm up to others . another reason is as she put it , does not have have feelings for you . it is hard to put the lack ... friends come and go in our lives . if you don't like her , then just ignore her . as you said , you already have the answer so just go ahead with how you feel . i used to have friends who keep saying ... having just graduated , i'm currently unemployed but am actively looking for jobs . it was only when i started job hunting that i realise i cannot see myself being in the profession for long , because ... that's alright , it's such a small place that i can see why people get confused over it . anyway , you make spain sounds to nice that i am eager to explore the place in future . like some of the ... sadly i think the eastern world is generally not any better than the western counterparts in terms of suitability . with globalisation and keen competition among countries worldwide , i can't pick out ... i am sick of going for interviews that i never pass because i can't seem to master the art of selling myself for nuts . i know how the older generation has these traditional views but no one can brainwash you unless you allow them to . i think you just lack that bit of courage to step out of your comfort zone to take a ... i used to have this irrational fear that i would get some serious illness or die at the age of 20 , so i was really relieved when i managed to live past 20 . now i think instead of worrying when i will ... i think it depends on what specific job position you are applying for and the responsibilities that are required of the job . some job positions can be obtained even if your degree is unrelated , or ... i went through a similar phase as well , except i was not interested in those teenage activities . there was once i hesitated to commit suicide , but when i look at the windows of my house from afar , i ... i think everyone is a unique individual , so they are the only one in everyone else's life . infp is just a personality type that is less common and that's it . being less common doesn't mean i have ... ... i don't see any relation between personality and eyelid . i absolutely hate to talk on the phone too . just today , i found out that i have a type social anxiety called telephobia , which is the fear of phone calls . i normally get all stressed up and dizzy ... seems like a lot of people here don't like phone calls . i also hate people calling me , especially if it's from acquaintances or strangers . whenever my phone rings , i need to calm myself down before i ... i'm from singapore your marketing professor may just be right . you need to satisfy customers ' needs and desires before you can make money from them . marketing can be such a waste of resources and it makes me very ... every day when i open up the newspaper , i frown and sigh as i read through the news articles . sometimes i get really angry towards certain issues like politics or crimes , and at the same time feel ... i have never signed up for one before due to the lack of interest . when i was younger , i used to go to random chat rooms to talk to people sometimes . but after meeting a few creeps online , i ... i have my own idealistic view of how the world can be beautiful too , but i am constantly aware that the world is not like that in reality . i think it is alright to be idealistic sometimes , but don't ... i won't consider myself a sceptic with regards to superstitions , religions etc . many people around me , including myself , have experienced paranormal situations . the experiences have proved to me ... i think the world in general is pretty much the same , being commercialised and all . coming from an asian society , i can roughly understand the pressure you face as an eldest son . being the eldest , ... if you don't want to let others control you , you need to firstly learn how to control yourself . i feel that there is no point in getting angry with such people because they are not worth it . but i ... i guess that explains why they stick to you . maybe you can keep a distance from them by keeping yourself busy and excuse yourself from them when you are uncomfortable . if you pretend that you enjoy ... i agree on this as i have noticed some extroverts behaving like that in social situations . and the more they try to cover up the awkward silence , the more awkward it becomes because there seems to be ... after my friends tried to tease me and said i was gullible , i began to be so skeptical towards what people say until it gets on their nerves at times . now i don't consider myself gullible and can see ... whenever i looked at the mirror when i was young , i feel very unreal . i felt so different among other kids that i started to think maybe i was really an alien , and i started to suspect that i have ... i just read something about growing apart from friends yesterday . the sad truth is that people change , and so they may have a change of heart in the people they want to hang out with . this is because ... i don't feel pressured into relationships and prefer to find someone i really like . usually i am a yes-person and hate to turn down people . but i came to realise that it's actually better to reject ... it's hard to give an opinion on this without details as it really depends on the situation . i'd say there is no point in making this work if either of you no longer has feelings for each other ... i've always had this problem of finding it extremely difficult to ask someone for a favour , even if i know that it is easily achievable by the person . i would feel really like i owe the person so i ... i thank because i finally find people who resonates with me and the posts makes my day so much better . oh and i just realised there is actually an unthank button . it sounds wrong to unthank someone . this has also been bothering me for a long time . and yes , i feel completely exhausted over it . for me , i think i'm like this because of the fear of embarassing myself and offending others . it ... i've never dated anyone before because i haven't found someone i really like and click well with . i normally know whether the person can be a potential partner after going out with him a few times , ... personally , i wouldn't call myself a late bloomer as compared to my peers , at least in terms of academics . however , i find myself very inactive in comparison because i do not like to take part in ... '