' why am i so fast to let new people know my weak sides . it's like to protect them from me . like just now a few seconds ago i was on skype with a super hot girl and she wants to meet me and everything ... true shit ! :) i agree with a lot of this so much and i didn't see how i could be offended by someone being mistyped as enfp until tonight . i normally hate labels but when it is so obvious that someone was mistyped ... trust me i am very aware of that it's not always accurate and i know we are all different . mbti describes our functions , not who we are , i know all that . it is just very annoying to me that she ... i was thinking about posting these thoughts on the thread random thoughts of ... but then i found this thread and it just makes more sense . i've been hanging out with my family all night and i ... i get those comments too but speaking of getting high : when i do get high i get quiet , insecure and self conscious . you've got good taste in music and women ! :D on behalf of my country : thank you ! haha funny thing : most of my friends are male , sooo ;) it's sad how it seems to be harder for guy friends to be touchy with each other though , i agree . it sounds like you should try to find some ... you you just gave me the best possible reply , thanks . the friend that understands me the most in this is an infp btw . he takes good care of me , or we take good care of each other . just holding ... yea it's a very frustrating feeling isn't it ? when it's out of reach . my friends are really good to me though . most of them are letting me be needy and touchy and during our movie nights there is ... this thread is perfect right now because i feel such urge to say this , but it's probably one of the most random things i've ever posted : ( be prepared it is kind of very super weird ) i really need ... what are you apoligizing for ? these past couple of weeks i've been trying to figure out this whole unicorn and rainbow-loving thing , because i'm not allt about that , at all . so i saw this thread ... haaah that was awesome ! yes ! ( i like some heavy metal too . dated two death metal singers / growlers whatever . theres a lot of energy in that too ) well all i'm saying , correlation or not , it's and interesting thought ! moombahton is tha shiet ! send your brother in law over to sweden and i'll take good care of him . i will dance to his music like a maniac everyday ! no joke i still think its extremely interesting to see what other enfp's like . i am too so so so in to edm because of the energy and the connection i feel with my friends and other people who listens to it . ... ok i'll start one , i dont want to annoy people here ;) maybe not tonight tho ( its night time in sweden . must sound strange to you :P ) . ( btw , me and some of my male friends were planning on going ... we should totally start a new thread about just this type of music and festivals . yes i know ultra . i live in sweden now tho and we only have festivals like that during summer ( and not even close to ... imagine having a danceparty with enfp's only . we would need sooo much space cuz i need like a whole room for myself to be completely happy ! i love to rage to electronic dancemusic ! electronic music ... i dance all the time and everywhere . going out to dance my pain away tomorrow and my friends are nervous cause they know they cant keep up with me ! first of all i havent even tried figure out what type they are and i try not to think about that when it comes to my closes friends . as much as i can i try not to put labels on people and i'm worried ... i guess i am a type 7 ( third place in my little ennegram list ) but since i will always put other peoples needs before my own i will stay type two ... heeeyheeeyheeey ! nah i'm poor little type 2 ... but a fun one ... i think ! haha ( im type two but 3 , 7 and 9 are also mentioned . its a great mix i think ;) ) well if you were here right now then ... first of all , you are so good at this ! i really like your posts ! what you say sounds like it could make sence ( i'm way too tired ( and lazy ) to do my own research so i'm just gonna trust what you said ... heloe ! so many people in the states have swedish roots . that was so nice about living in seattle , they have a whole nordic neighborhood with a scaninavian museum , scandinavian delicatessen , swedish ... for me it doesnt help to think that it's their loss . everytime i feel like there's a hater next to me i get so insecure and it's like it's impossible to just relax and be me . for some reason i ... aaaah omg ! yes please let me touch you , or at least listen to you . norweigans sound happier than any other people in the world even when theyre mad . makes me so happy to listen to my norweigan ... yay ! nice to meet you too ! so come visit sweden and i'll show you around ;P hmmm , i'm not sure it's that simple . i'm worried about being judged . i'm gonna be super open and honest here but this is the truth : i love the few female friends i connect with . i'm kind of scared of ... people got those two confused quite often , yes . im not gonna lie about that . :) i bet most people know we do though . it was just a funny example of what you said . :P ( i need to make sure no one gets offended ... i miss my seattle so so much ! ) whaaa , that simply just means that we agree . nice ! could be a mix of both ;) some people asked if we have electricity in sweden so i think youre right about that size of country and amount ... screw fb ! such a bitch sometimes ! you desrve better my friend ! you sound so much like me roomate . he also gets suspicous when people aproach him for no reason , and think i'm weird for complimenting him on the smallest thing ( i love to bring out everything ... true that ! allthought there will be fake , shallow , superficial people no matter where you go . haha but yee , in the us i was amazed to see how much people cared for each other . i soon realized that ... aeh inte jag heller ! my friend linked me a description of enfp and i was like wtf thats me ! ! ! i wish more people had the interest in stuff like this ! maybe some do ( obviously ) , i just havent met ... aaaah ! ok we can agree to disagere cause that's like the one reason i feel uncomfortable here and much more comfortable in the states or in african countries like gambia ! i generally seem to be more ... so nice to meet more europeans :) and yes ! life would be so lame without spontaneous , adventoreus , talkative and people-liking people like me haha . life is about improving too , yes ! i do that ... oh trevligt ! fast otrevligt att skriva på svenska här kanske ? ! isn't there a similar forum for swedes ? this is sooo interesting ! ! ! tack tack :D this is like too cool to explain to anyone around me which is also a frustrating thing for me ! eh . my boyfriend ( estj ) totally doenst care about this stuff but this shit is deep , and sooo ... ( excuse my english , it's not my first language ) this is interesting although i dont have enough time to read all of it right now ! my boyfriend is an estj and i have similar experiences as you do ... sure it was a short response , but you made sure to include lets be friends and thats good enough for me ! you should totally study abroad ! it will teach you sooo much about yourself , others , the new country but also where you come from and just life in general . i recommend traveling to everybody ! it's so ... aaah ! i got this right before i had to leave this morning ( swedish time ) and i've been thinking about it all day ! you seem to be so much like me ! thank you so much for making me so sure i'm not ... ohoohoh ! i see ok well usually i know where the switch is ! sometimes it seems like it moves around tho which makes it harder to find . i think i'm pretty good at calming down quickly tho so dont ... ohoohoh ! i see ok well usually i know where the switch is ! sometimes it seems like it moves around tho which makes it harder to find . i think i'm pretty good at calming down quickly tho so dont ... thank you ! haha i knew someone would get hooked by that . what is it with you and your love for scandinavians ? i actually moved back to sweden a year ago after a few years in seattle . i just love it ... howhowhow more exactly do i scare you in a good way ? tell me tell me tell me :) i have lowered my voice now : my friend linked me a description of enfp's ( thats how i realized where i belonged ) ... aw why thank you ! i am so glad i got to be a part of your not so very sober night ;) ( dont ask me why it's posted twice . how do i delete ? so new here ... ) '