' i like math , i just don't like how people teach math . i loved it in elementary school and would teach the other kids until it stopped being intuitive and i had to be taught , at which point i ... i often bite my tongue on the writing advice given online . a lot of it is just bad and going to make people worse writers . maybe reading a thesaurus to learn new words can net you a c on your high ... you don't even do anything useful in terraria , you just spend all night building wooden dicks in my house . bad web design is physically painful to bear witness to . i'm looking at you , wordpress . hire me and i'll cut your customer problems in half . unpopular opinion : i dislike everyone who sees that i write and offers to read my work . it's insulting because they're throwing me a bone and think they're being nice because hey - writers love ... i'd say ' classy ' , but i just called an anal sex pickup line classy and you're much classier than anal sex . i'm sure there's a compliment hidden somewhere in there . don't worry , you have us to protect you from ghost nazis . i am horribly ineffective at crushes because i'm just tempted to tease them and be irredeemably silly . don't lie . i know sometimes you're up and about at 12 am , 1 am , 2 am ... so what are you doing ? for me it's usually either cooking or cleaning . every once in awhile i'll wake up at 2-5 am ... crypt of the necrodancer's hardcore mode is now pussy mode . instead of playing with two hearts , you now play with three . someone got butthurt about losing too much , maybe ? the fun in a roguelike ... ... irl or in video games ? bad writing ... bad writing everywhere ... 2015 is nothing but plotholes and not-dead dead characters so far . the walking dead is actually the most intelligently-written thing i've watched . at ... such a beautifully awkward steam chat pre-game . friend : i'm naked . i feel horrible . hellebore : ... why are you talking to me naked at your computer ? hellebore : ... hellebore : i'm also naked ... this is a man who's been robbed of his dreams by inheriting his father's music store , and someone has been stealing organs from it . yes . i win . what do i win ? i like a big mix of everything . i've got a bit of lady gaga plus some stuff you couldn't find on youtube , pandora , etc . when it comes to indie games , i find that the genre mixes are a little more ... that might help too , but i think i've made my fair contribution to science for the day . someone else should attempt this . emberfly seems like a science kind of guy . so you're saying i should put a plastic bag over my head ? i think it might be because i did it 3-4 times , but the fifth it was too strong and i sneezed all over my hand . you mean like trying to hide a boner ? i'm probably going to regret starting to grow herbs because at some point in the future i'm going to look at my salad and think , you are eating your friends . i am the only person who sympathizes ... woo woo ! i really wish my ex hadn't contacted me so soon , because now it's starting to hurt even though i was just refreshed to be alone for the first few days . i'm really glad that he's gone and done his ... self-fulfilling prophecy . - > man , why does this suck so much ? - > i'm an infp , so i can't win , anyway . this is just the way i am . - > * half-asses and gives up all the time * - > bought trine 2 on a steam sale for 85 percent off . i feel bad for the people i'm playing with because i mostly just drop boxes on them and try to destroy everything in sight . just because it's ... i read : science fiction and horror , or more emotional themes occasionally philosophy , when someone mentions something and it catches my eye short fiction in collections or published online ... ... please ? i'm reading this while eating a banana and having my coffee . yeah , it definitely takes the edge off wondering what is / isn't going to vibe with someone . i was sometimes a class clown when i was younger to cope with my problems , and i still love goofing off with people who'll goof back . i like large gatherings or parties if they attract the right ... i recently left a relationship where he loved me but i didn't love him . i think i made the right choice , and all the love in the world from one direction isn't going to make things okay if you don't ... one of my friends has a friend who's in the hospital , and she's not doing well . i'm trying to be supportive , but he knows i dislike her and i think he worries about that when he should be worried ... i don't begrudge anyone their fair share of weirdness , but i certainly wouldn't wish being legitimately different ( not just having a quirky sense of humor or liking unpopular television shows ) on ... you know it was time for your relationship to end when having them in your life hurt more than letting them go and you feel more relief than sadness . computers are like legos for grownups except everything costs a hundred dollars and people are always angry . for every page you don't write i'll burn one book , but i'll leave 50 shades of grey unharmed . i've never been a fan of the process because i always feel like i'm being judged as a person as much as i am by my skills , and i know i'm really not an everyday person or a model office worker . i'm ... doing work that allows me to be creative , learn , and see things in new ways . i tried to see if a spider in a video game would bounce if i clicked him and tossed him , and then his legs started falling off and i felt bad . seiken densetsu 3 . older snes jrpg that was never officially released in na . it's freaky , isn't it ? people are looking at me funny but it's probably because i'm looking at them funny and looking horrified while i'm talking to them because all i can think about is chipsets and ... i keep feeling like i'm not actually wearing pants today . it freaks me out and i keep checking like holy shit what if i'm just in my pajamas or something ? gnnnh . am i the only one who wants to deck people who tell you not to worry about money and the workplace in the face , because those people have never feared for where their next meal is coming from , have ... because of doctor who all tanks look like daleks to me . i watched a friend play war thunder via steam broadcast and it was just delightful . little daleks frolicking everywhere . yes , science fiction and horror . i see stereotypes and cliches as a challenge to make the opposite work . i want to write absolutely brutal things that aren't based off gore and use heroes that other ... some people might misinterpret a look as you being upset , or just be touchy in general . if i knew anyone who was legitimately upset that i'd chosen to look back at someone i passed on the street , ... perhaps it's time to change course rather than give up . if your ideals are tied somehow to people's behavior , they're of course going to experiences ups and downs because people are often insecure , ... : rolleyes : sci-fi reading : clarkesworld magazine - science fiction & fantasy : fiction strange horizons , a weekly speculative fiction magazine daily science fiction i can't actually remember being hungry less than 3-4 hours after chinese food , and i eat at a local spot 1-3 times a month . : x i remember my passwords by their pattern on individual keyboards and not by the characters . i often use an odd assortment of non-alphabetical characters . i ’ d do something like : ! ! # # % % & & ( ( * & ^ % $ # @ ! ... i don't think it's selfish to bring children into the world . i think that mindset stems from excessive sensitivity in our newer generations , where the problems of the world are viewed as something ... '