' i don't hate anything about myself , but one perplexing thing is the seemingly unlimited capacity to feel sadness ... sometimes it's just there , and the reasons , solutions , or any salient details seem ... has anyone found any useful methods for dealing with the opposing sides of their infp personality ? i have found that the fi / ne side of me desires something ( which i can't yet identify ) much ... hi all , i've been struggling for quite a few years with this insatiable craving for some kind of realization , answer , or transcendent epiphany of some sort to a vague , unending sense of ... the unhealthy to healthy journey for me was a few years of therapy while in college . then it was just working ( as a teacher ) and getting really into it day in and day out even though it sucked a lot ... i have been encouraged by the recent news that sweden is switching to a 6 hour workday . it shows that slowly some pockets of our mass conscious are aware that it doesn't need to be this way and we ... thank you both for your responses . :-) two things really rang true : one , that i should disconnect myself from time measurements on my day off , and cut out the activities that haven't been working ... anyone got any advice for me ? i'm currently working a job that i am sure many would want - - i am teaching english in japan . however , i am at a big corporation , and while certainly the environment ... today at work i was telling my coworker about a show i watched on netflix . i said it was a netflix original series because that's what it said in the beginning of every episode . she said quite ... i think like any average fi user , i am constantly weighing the good and evil of my emotions , thoughts , impulses , sensations , etc . i have a lot of inner anger and messed up emotions centered ... i constantly feel guilty and feel very close to and aware of many feelings , thoughts , perceptions , and behaviors that i consider evil , bad , abject , etc . the average person who knows me will ... makes sense . my tritype usually seems to be 461 . i frequently worry , like how quang described , about becoming a drug addict , about losing my mind , etc . however , i had early traumatic experiences ... which enneagram type is the most likely to feel an acute anxiety about being bad or evil ? to wrestle with an obsessive fear at the prospect of , in the future , committing evil actions , the ... thank you all . very good advice here . and even in the simplest sense it feels better to know that there are others who understand this particular experience of life . what gets me lately is the ... how do you deal with the hypervigilance and irritability ? i've been without it for weeks at least , and suddenly it's come up today and it's really freaking me out . any general advice on how to ... i forgot i made this thread ... the emptiness feelings subsided . but one morning i woke up in extreme tension and decided it was time to get in contact with my birth mother . so i found her info ... wtf do i do ? almost every day , i am losing my shit with anxiety that i'm going to develop schizophrenia , or bipolar , or borderline , or whatever . i recently was evaluated through the mmpi-ii by my ... addictivemuse i'm glad someone understands my perception of emotions . haha . means i'm not completely off or strange , i suppose . thanks for the response . :-) i can't tell if it is emptiness , restlessness , anxiety , sadness , or what . like i said , it's weird , because usually i understand emotions really well . it's just this ... so lately i've been having this occasional feeling of emptiness . that is quite unusual for me . even when i'd get depressed , i'd be feeling quite a lot . it was just all bad things - mostly ... i have had a deep love for elliott smith's music and what i understand about him as a human being for several years now . what are some of your favorite songs of his ? i posted in this thread over a year ago but i am going to again . since that post , i have recognized that i am infp 6w5 . i have also recognized the extent to which being adopted and abused has ... this is a three year old post , but i just came across it and it is very inspiring to me . :-) the boy laid awake for nine hours after bedtime memories of the day twisting themselves round his chest each detail bastardized with the bent of personal responsibility jagged , rusting memories ... this is silly , but it troubles me that daniel johnston had a psychotic break and is perceived to be 4w3 / 6w5 , because i am infp 6w5 4w3 and have had a lifelong phobia of losing my mind . i know it's ... sadness is the lights all off after 6:30 pm on a dull winter day the quiet crust on the kitchen floor unkempt hair and toenails piles of rubbish ; tissues and cellophane beside my bed heaps of ... i might say more later but what i noticed right now in thinking about myself and intps i know is that intps are ever hungry for more knowledge . my intp roommate says she could read thousands of books ... this computer did a weird one and somehow made a double post ... i really admire that ability for holding multiple perspectives at once while not being limited by feelings . :-) i do see fi as valuable . i just , perhaps , have some tness envy and want to hone my ... being an infp , i understand what you mean . i have been dating an entj for over a year , and while i always understand her logic , and match her analytical abilities most of the time , it has been an ... i also vote that this thread gets stickied . it is very neat and concise . and , of course , the summative descriptions appear to be very accurate . i hate to do this again , and this will be the last time i ask for it , but i really do not like the way my username looks with the capital i . so , i would like my name to henceforth be ... infjs are such beautiful people ... they are far and away the most true , loving , earnest people i've met . my adoptive father is an infj and i have never known or conceived of a more respectable and ... there's certainly much potential for that sort of pairing to blow up . the infp often has an issue with feeling controlled ( or maybe that's just me ) and becomes moody , which the entj doesn't ... weird , that's like my partner and me . i always thought it was a winning sort of match , as unique as it is . my entj girlfriend is 13 years older than me . it is interesting and feels very natural . famous infps - celebritytypes.com louis c . k . : with movies , [ what ] i really loved [ was ] moments and tones and feelings in a scene , and i loved creating those . louis c . k . : i never viewed ... louis ck is a raging infp . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5HbYScltf1c#t=239 listen to him describe the feels . listen to it . i connected with what he was saying so much that i actually ... i agree with you , on the surface it doesn't make much sense what she's doing . she's an entj and is protective of herself and doesn't do well with having to constantly dole out emotions . but she has ... hello all , i've mentioned my ptsd here a couple times but never so completely . i will do so now . i hope the process of typing through everything proves valuable . i would like this thread to be ... i would like my name to be changed to intrsrchng . thank you . that is a good point , te is actually something i am working on . i've noticed this nasty tendency of mine to constantly ponder meaning . if i go for a walk , my mind immediately begins grinding at what ... many infps become dominated by their fi , such that they are hypersensitive , irrational , and isolated . while i certainly have a long way to go in my personal development , i have found the world much ... am still with this girl , one year later . met on youtube ; she saw my old channel and sent me a long , pretty perplexingly emo message . we are perfect for each other . also , turns out we were both ... wow , no dreams , you say ? i am very curious about this imagination control you speak of . without being nosey , i'm wondering what your intention is with mitigating that . also , i'm wondering if you've ... well , it does immediately make sense to me that this issue is just hypervigilance . and since i don't usually have anything even remotely dangerous in my life , my hypervigilance reacts constantly to ... yes , i actually do have ptsd . while i typically shy away from applying mental illnesses or personality disorder clusters to personality types , i'm wondering how many other infp folks here experience this sort of constant anxiety ... i'll chime in a bit late here as an infp just to say that i've been reading through this thread in a public cafe , listening to fake plastic trees by radiohead , and fighting back all my emo tears ... i get so many likes for this comment and it turns out i'm not even an intp . huahuahua internet typology stuff seems more and more over the years to be just a bunch of people looking for neato ... you're already here , you'll die anyway , so i guess one might as well stick around and see if anything interesting happens . also , i believe that seriously entertaining suicide and following that ... hi all , i used to roam these intp parts for about a year ( most of my posts are in here ) and i seem to generally get along very well with intps . i appreciate your logical deductions and honest ... '