' also we're going to get a cleaner , so the big tasks will be taken care of . i'm thinking in terms of the everyday things like clutter ( leaving coats , books , shoes , things , etc around the home ) + ... i really like the messy corner idea and that's something i hadn't thought of before . maybe i was being unrealistic thinking i could strive to achieve complete organisation ! the advice i'm ... i'm curious what you think he can / should be doing for me ? i've told him i'm posting this : happy : this is very much my istj ! ! : happy : i did indeed make sure we were both healthy , and communicating , before letting myself fall for him too deeply . have had bad experiences with that in the past ( with ... this is a really good point , and while of course i'm stronger than him in some respects ( i'm more outgoing and spontaneous ) , i think those are skills that might get overshadowed in a cohabitating ... i posted this in the infp forum as well but would really like your input too ... : happy : i'm very excited to be considering moving in with my istj - - we're aiming to make this transition in the ... i'm very excited to be considering moving in with my istj - - we're aiming to make this transition in the summer , when we'll have been together about a year . any tips / advice on a way to set a ... i have a question about dating an istj ! as an infp i'm predictably horrible at organisation and tidiness .. although i aspire to be like that ( definitely my inferior te ) . anyway , that's part of what ... with an istj right now . i totally agree with this ! ! does anyone else get this feeling ? especially the being grounded ? i thought this thread was bump-worthy :) this is awful , but i've realised lately that i am drawn to sad men . i mean , literally , my type is a guy that looks a bit withdrawn and melancholy . i need to stop it . consciously going for guys who ... how can i make him see this ? i've asked him to go to therapy , but he believes it is best to leave the past in the past ( which he clearly isn't doing ) and doesn't want to dredge it up with anyone ... i'm having a terrible time of it lately ... i had only been dating my esfj for 7 months when the talk about kids / future came up , not in a serious way , just in a what do you want for your future ? kind ... this is soo interesting and definitely sounds like him ! ! i guess i am very lucky to be one of the few he invests his time in :p roud : hmm that's quite interesting ! i must admit i'm having trouble understanding it but maybe it's because my ti is so nonexistent ! so maybe if he vocalises doubt for his own logic or way of thinking ... this is really helpful thank you ! ! honestly i see all of this in him for the esfj side of things . it's just so weird because his circle of friends is small ( i'm an infp and i seem way more social ... i posted this in the esfj / isfj threads but i'm trying to type my bf and i'm really unsure which he is ! i have been thinking about it in terms of the function stack : si , fe , ti , ne ( isfj ) versus ... this test here - - keys 2 cognition - cognitive processes maybe you could take it and show me what your function percentages are so i can compare to his ? ? haha ! but looking at it , his si was ... thanks for the reply ! i did have him take it actually and he scored esfj . his functions were all confused though , there were no clear inferiors ... on the esfj forum they described some things that ... i am trying to figure out if my bf is an extrovert or an introvert , and i'm having a hard time of it ! i keep going back and forth ! i have been thinking about it in terms of the function stack : ... i am trying to figure out if my bf is an extrovert or an introvert , and i'm having a hard time of it ! i keep going back and forth ! i have been thinking about it in terms of the function stack : si , ... i haven't spoken to my infj ex since the day we broke up , nor have i checked any of his social media at all . it's painful ... i actually saw him the other day for the first time in months ( i don't ... he definitely doesn't want a fwb situation with me . it's messed up . he wouldn't leave today , started complaining that i will be with another guy ( on a date ! ) all day tomorrow so can't make time for ... nick , thank you , you're really great : happy : he is a libra . i will do what you've said , mainly to help myself stop the infatuation ( i think admitting my feelings to him the other day has helped me a ... i'm addicted to an enfp guy right now , it's not ' love ' but infatuation . what's amazing about him is how good he is at communicating . he talks maybe 75 % of the time and i know he likes that i am ... i've had a friend point out recently that a lot of what i say when i'm in a comfortable environment is just me , thinking out loud . i'm not trying to communicate with them - - i'm doing it with myself ... i can't remember where i read this , but apparently he was indeed an enfp who behaved more and more like an infj toward the end of his life due to stress . thank you so much for your perspective , this is exactly what i was looking for when i posted this ... how exactly did your gf start pulling back when it happened ? like what would you suggest i do ? ... i see this all in him . you're spot-on . i'm being manipulated by him and i know it yet i keep coming back for more . i'm going to be busy for the next few weeks so i will stop focusing on him that ... i want to try this , it's painful , with other guys i'm the most patient person but with him he's set up this pattern of constant communication and it's so hard for me to ignore him ... he's been going through a sort of soul-lashing type ' monk ' state lately , trying to deny himself fun and good times and focus 100 % on work ( which is impossible for him , he's getting nowhere ... ) so ... thank you . i needed to hear this so badly . i'm going to dial it back and focus on other things . luckily i'll be busy most of the next two weeks . phew . i'm utterly falling for this enfp guy who's entered my life in the last few months , but he swears there are no feelings there . i'm mid-twenties , he's early thirties . i thought he was hitting on me ... ok , this may really silly , but estp's are meant to be the dual of the infp ( in socionics , estj and infj : relations of duality between psychological ( personality ) types ) - - i . e . , almost like true ... one of my best friends is esfp . we have issues understanding each other at times but if i make the conscious effort to not let it explode into an argument , we end up growing from these influxes of ... i've had people tell me a lot recently that i am easy to talk to - - i seem non-threatening and unlikely to judge others . i've had it flipped around in a more negative light too , i . e . , i'm very ... i'm almost positive a guy i dated for a short time was infp , but this was before i learned about mbti . the first time i saw him i thought he looked sweet , first time i heard him i was sort of drawn ... did this , but for me it has to have a semblance of organisation (= joining a programme in a different country , but with the rest up in the air ) i'm really curious about this topic so any more comments would be really interesting ! ! : happy : i'm dating one ! i love that he is assertive and tends to take control of things ( planning dates etc ) . he's sociable and secure in public , but confident in his introversion ... very solitary . i find ... my problem is that i grapple with turning ambiguity into precision . so i really admire people who can speak logically , who seem to have a philosophical mind and a clear way of thinking . infjs ! ... i'm usually the other way around . i'll start off liking someone and then realise that i'd rather just be friends . i'll do this whole song and dance of flirting and then think - - wait . i don't really ... thanks infpblog you make good points . the most stressful part for me is the idea of spending so much time ' trapped ' in monotony , people usually just look at me and say ' that's how the real world ... infpblog , i've noticed you saying this often . it contradicts a lot of the conventional wisdom out there nowadays that we should work on finding our passion for our jobs . you've also said that doing ... i used my te successfully the other day , i made a list of things i was going to do and i did it . it was rather unwieldy , it took me hours to get started , i crisscrossed back and forth between ... yep , i've done the run for the hills thing - not to the extent of losing the job , but making myself look very bad in it . it was really the other way around , the job had become bad for me , but at the ... hmm , i suppose i do see this in myself . i'm generally responsive ; but there are some people i hold nothing against ( i think they are fine , i don't dislike them ) and just because i don't see any value ... i noticed this thread is from the end of august , any updates on the situation ? x remember that you've never met this guy . even after a first or second date it can be hard to gauge what a person is like . but remember , you've never met him . chances are that despite having ... i was thinking about this , too , and i think this thread i started awhile back encapsulates the idea that we can't really legitimately stereotype ourselves . our values on the inside vary too much for ... 8 , and it told me exactly what people make fun of me for , that i can't tell the difference between green-ish turquoise and blue ! ! '