i can definitely say there are probably similarities between the two types on the surface it's when you go deeper down that the differences are apparent i guess . i have an entj friend and we do ... glad to be of help , man . wouldn't it be a good idea if he ended up saving a girl from somewhere who fell for him when he was still a good guy and the story is told by her as she watches his mad ... okay , killing criminals was like light but if you're talking about killing to prove a point from insecurity , make him a little psycho . sees something bad happening in a side alley , kills the guy , ... when life gives you lemons , make lemonade ... because lemonade is what you were going for when you broke your ass trying to aim for apples . everything happens for a reason ... because life wanted ... sounds like light from death note . but if you're talking about someone who feels insecure for not achieving stuff , go the other way ? let him feed off his insecurity to try and prove he's capable ... also , damn autocorrect hey , if you allow can i go off on a wild guess ? i could be completely wrong but is it possible that you've started questioning the meaninglessness of existence because things have not been going ... tried to find some universal purpose , i always suspected that there must be something to it - turns out there's no such thing . tried to find personal meaning , purpose , find my own meaning in life - ... 1 sexist question ! ! ! * cue moral rage-storm to skip question * 3 well , i don't really give a fig about a ' soulmate ' and i think we should think for ourselves rather than have someone else inspire ... 1 i can't kill my kid unless he wants it too . i know the repercussions , i'll even maybe be hated by other inmates . but no 3 keep quiet . there are so many cases where the law fucks up and puts the ... 1 . inevitable disaster . will it hit nearby ( 5000 lives lost ) or in a larger distant country ( 5300 lives lost ) ? nearby . maybe it's nly 300 lives saved , but 300 lives is still a big deal . wherever ... . what will you do ? save the patient and move forward with the blood transfusion . respect the beliefs of the family , try whatever else you can , but ultimately let her die . save her . i can ... can't help but notice this ! i know an infp who is exactly like this , except with some added emotional abuse and manipulation i know an esfp who always gets on my nerves by being inconsiderate ... the ceiling , cause i'm above all of this ! : laughing : ones : w2 apdenoatis : 1w2 2w1 5w6 sx / so ( probably ) giga blender : 1w2 2w1 5w6 ( yay , not alone ! ) vaan : 1w2 3w4 7w6 sx / so garbanzo : 1w2 4w3 5w4 sx arkendale : 1w2 6w5 4w5 sp / so w9 well , my mum's an infp and we do get along . we have similar ideas about thing but we get there through different processes . so what i value most , she values on the surface but the deeper you dig , ... haha , hi.yeah , who knew you could make friends on the insults the type thread lol . hi . yeah there's a great i . depth article about infjs i read here . but it is great to know we're not wrong in some way . i think it sucks that we're such a rare type and so weird because for ... thanks ! and you've met some ! i've never met one ! thanks . but , like , whatever . no , your profile pic makes up for any lost enthusiasm on your part thanks . thankyou ! licks your hand ^ _ ^ ermagehd ! so many replieses ! i spoke to an intj once and it was amazing ! :D we hit it off so unexpectedly . your score on this test was 25 out of 36 . the average result for adult population is 26 out of 36 . do it ! do it nao ! realise your hidden potential ! mum's an infp , bro's an esfp s because it's more useful in interacting with irl ? but i'd have thought j would seem preferable . personally i figured infjs just got picked out as we humans evolved , lol . it's quite unconnected ... congrats ! someday ... someday i shall join thy ranks ! maybe the questions are weird ! i overthought about some of them and then ended up answering things that sounded fi-ish or si-ish . and then there's a bias towards being a thinker and sensor in the real ... yes , i'm glad at least some humans replied to me :P maybe it's all in the title * gasp * abusive estj alert ! ! ! and the stereotypes have started , lol and that's why i get along with intps lol dunno if this applies to isfjs but - when you feel you haven't done enough to help someone you feel guilty . i think it's unfair , sometimes . you do so much , yet you don't feel good enough unless ... i can't make out if that was intj sarcasm or true admiration :P i love the matt smith version of doctor who . can't believe he's gone though ... thanks :) but don't you underestimate everyone by overestimating yourself ? lol , apparently infjs type themselves as s and e more often than not :P that may be why there are so few of them around - they're all mistyped ! i was also more extroverted as a kid but started ... this . all of this . so much of this ! hahaha , yeah , i guess i understand the mistype . my mum's an infp , so you can imagine what that equation is like ... but it's actuallu quite alright . when we do ... this is so funny ! just that it kinda plays into a stereotype about nps in general nah , i think at most you can explain those ' failures ' away by acknowledging that they have different priorities ... it really does ! i think this is more related to our type , though ... maybe it is an nf thing , i find i have more to talk to and have more interesting conversations with nfs and nts . but the ... my god ! it's like hearing my thoughts tumble out of someone else's mouth ! this is exactly how i feel , when someone has an ulterior agenda and tries to ' convince ' me i'm more likely to just nod and ... exactly . it only feels real if you come to the decision on your own , and in cases of self-understanding , that's very important , that the person can figure themselves out without feeling like there's ... squeee ! another infj ! sorry , i don't come across too many i've spoken to , here :P i did think you could have been infj or infp , but whatever you are , i wanted you to kinda realize it on your ... lol ! i love that phrase ! :D or an esfj ... that dom fe ! they're not as easy as infps , i do admit jk well ... i've run out of entp insults ... we're the two ppl who keep returning here ... and that intj iguess edit : bloody ninja'd again ! ! ! i have , was super close friends with one . we connected a lot on the ne , ni thing , i suppose . :) i would ... that's the point i was making .