' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FeD9ruDoEmA what you have described sounds a lot like me . i also react strongly to negative emotions , whether this is to do with inferior fe or my unstable mental condition , i do not know . imo you sound very ... have these two songs on repeat . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TIoFfhSX_PA https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ozv4q2ov3Mk relatable . i understand what you mean when you say borderline controlling . it's as if they act a specific way to make you react in a specific way ( which never works with me ) . as someone who's been in ... what do you mean ' still fighting ' ? how often do you fight ? on the flip side , do you enjoy your relationship with an estj ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bUNECHCKWBc https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sBSt6l-LAlE lego or train sets which you can build together and have battery powered trains go around . when i was younger i was also interested in little gadgets such as tamagotchi . i'm female , but girly stuff ... 62 % intp 16 % istp 9 % entp 5 % intj 4 % infp i clicked on this video because of the name of the song . i was pleasantly surprised . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3pf7a9Wtay8 up until age 10 i was quite ' outgoing ' , i was friends with basically everyone in my class and befriended the new kids . i was bullied , but that was soon sorted out because my teachers liked me and ... istp https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uoieqb5zeAQ i feel like shit . i am an empty , broken shell just walking around aimlessly feeling absolutely hopeless . i'm also scared . scared i will never return back to my ( can i say somewhat normal ? ) state ... to me 5 years ago : 1 . stop crushing on people so easily goddamnit ! you need some more self control . 2 . stop being a lazy git and think about your future . to me in 5 years : 1 . if you're still ... sounds a bit like my bf , minus the tricked into dinner : kitteh : he told me he was interested in me , i told him i wasn't ready for a relationship and avoided his texts as much as possible until he ... i didn't feel like this either at first , now after a year i get those feelings . it all depends on time , and the kind of person you are . i had a feeling someone was going to either reply with ' what's wrong with snakes ' or something similar ... bleh feel so ill atm dunno what to do with myself , too weak to do anything and it's too fucking hot also fuck everything , fuck fake friends and fuck snakes the only thing im ' happy ' about is ... i can relate to ' lie on a bench at the park at 1am , look at the stars and cry for a few minutes ' , sometimes i feel like standing outside in the cold , dark and feeling the sensations when i'm sad . i ... i see ... but on applications and things i always see ' suffering from ... bla bla bla ' e . g . i think it was on a student finance application i just completed , it asked if i suffered from anxiety or ... haha for the past few years i have told myself to go to a doctor to see if i have depression or any other mental issue , but i haven't had enough motivation to do it . i'm also worried it would affect ... hmm ... i have anxiety , but i'm not sure about depression . i used to think that i had depression , but i'm too scared to go talk to a doctor or psychiatrist . i've found myself in a pickle which i cannot escape from unless i expose that i've done something which i shouldn't have been doing . :( i feel horrible and this tight feeling in my chest hasn't left ... relatable i gave up with both of them half way through as they rambled on about stuff , but i get the general gist of it and yes i can relate to most of what they are telling me . if only i could deal with my anger in those ways ! usually i get angry over something i'm not supposed to know ( aka found out by snooping ) , so i can't tell anyone and let it bubble inside me . right now i'm trying to repress my feelings so i don't get hurt in the future . not sure if this is the best way to deal with things , but i hate being emotionally vulnerable . me : intp brother : intj mum : istj dad : infp boyfriend : estj i'm an intp and i got intj on the test sometimes i wonder if i really am a intp because i'm emotional as heck . however , i don't fit into the description of an infp and intp feels right to me . according to the description of an intp , we ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VuRrrXa4Xek& intp neutral good https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tgKXKgAiG_A& now this is a difficult question to choose between one or the other . you have to have experienced both to come to terms with which one is worse than the other . if i hadn't experienced a ... today i woke up with my first offer for an interview for an internship ! i'm very excited and nervous at the same time . now i have to squish my awkwardness to not seem weird at the interview ... can i get my name changed to blessing please 1 . if someone came to you and asked you to make a decision about something , what would your thought process be ? if i was certain about it then i would give a straight answer , otherwise i'd weigh ... i'm actually a mess today , i laid in bed until around 1pm because i was dying of stomach cramps and the workmen next door making so much noise . do they not have consideration for other people ? why ... say i love you - i love this one because the main female in this is obviously an intp and can be relatable at times sword art online kimi no na wa wolf girl and black prince kamisama hajimemashita my friends have told me they thought i was : cold , didn't give a fuck . then when they got to know me they realised i was just weird and crazy . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xiLsXg-24G4& the lyrics are beautiful , sofia's beautiful , and it's ft . alan walker on top of that . what more could i ask for ? : kitteh : there's a difference between using an object for sexual acts , than having someone else do it and doing things to another person . it's nice having someone to lay next to and watch films , spontaneously ... ah okay , i think i misunderstood here . i forgot that nowadays people have sex with no feelings . yes , i agree with you - it isn't intimate and i doubt it ever will be . although what you're ... really ? surely the pleasure overrides your rational thoughts . i may not trust him , but i'm not doing these things for him . i'm doing this because i'm human , i have cravings as well , just a low sex ... 1 . is your hair long , medium or short ? medium to long . i would prefer short as it's easier to maintain , but longer hair looks better on me . 2 . do you cut your own hair or does someone else cut ... i'm surprised as well . i have tried to , believe me . however , he backed down and he started crying when i told him i didn't want him anymore . i'm so frustrated that i let his emotions control me back ... i feel like this is true . once we got into a conversation of how to end a relationship ( can't remember how it came up ) . he said he'd rather be cheated on because then he'd know that the other person ... i know i should have ended this ages ago , but i feel like i will miss him . if he hadn't kept bringing up sex then i wouldn't feel this uneasy . i'm also scared that if i break up with him now , he'll ... fml , fml , fml . here i am yet again overthinking things at night . i need to get this out though otherwise i won't be able to sleep . i'm not sure if i'm a fucked up person with trust issues or my ... i am extremely lazy and tend to leave assignments / tasks ' til the last minute . i feel like this is a flaw in my personality and is holding me back from learning as much as i can . can any other ... '