' i have a genuine love for science , but an overall resentment for math . it isn't natural to me , so i hate it . its conflicting considering you need math for science . i confuse comfort with happiness alot . i don't know if i'd really choose to be someone else . i like me . but i always did envy tony stark ... physics has been very interesting . well , lately . dam my phases . i used to have sleep issues . now i want to fight sleep . hey . i'm actually happy . no , genuinely happy . but how long will that last ? i believe that actions are better than words , but there just those moments when you have to say something for whatever reason ( dire or not ) . so my question , how do you do it ? i prefer being direct , ... i'm not really hypersensitive . or maybe i am , but i'm too oblivious to notice . i realized i really value my friends . a lot . it takes a lot to admit this , but when we move on with our lives it will be the closets thing i will ever feel to grief . perhaps that is the thing we ... it sounds weird but it always amuses me the most when one of friends tease me . i guess its because they're not afraid to do so like other people . another friend is hilarious at story telling because ... ah , such is the misfortune of being a minor . given the chance i would be a university grad , i swears it ! today i found thor earphones in a meat market . i was happy . but then my mother purposely separated it from her purchases . not only was i upset that i had to pay my own taxes , but you know i had to go ... i severely need to learn more about nifi loop because i think i'm going crazy . i'm almost getting tired of thinking about useless things . if there is one thing i would thank public education it would be the motivation i'd feel to learn and think about something that matters . for some reason i was expecting for a random person to come out and say ha , this was really a experiment to see how many people will soundlessly take surveys ! either way , i'll contribute : 1 ... hm . hmm . hm ! mm . okay . as you can see , i'd be great at conversations . i like saying these , either they get things to the point-somehow-or they convey everything i need to tell you ... all in all , i only really like those characteristics when they are genuine . however , if someone is the spontaneous type then i might be liable to distrust that person . the random and silly doesn't ... i only use mine to see what my favorite bands are doing . i accept associates i actually know , but i really hate talking to them there . occasionally , i post a sarcastic status . am i doing it ... alot of times people just assume i'm being sarcastic when i'm fruking not . i know my username doesn't help me make a good case but listen to my words and context people ! that sarcasm misunderstanding ... well aren't you in luck ! i just happened to be a female intj teenager who just finished her first year of highschool . :D also i feel i should mention that intjs are subject to bad grades and ... my family has always been really small . i'm not the type that has the family values that most people have coincided with their principles . anyway , my living spaces have always been small and not ... according to my close friends and family , i do . i don't know why though i feel like i'm just there ... existing . but then again i am too a anti-social arsehole . i'm sensitive to a extent , and loud . i'm childish in private too . also , i'm poor at math ( but i use the term ' poor ' loosely ) . i'm also quite lazy . you know , i almost forgot there were stereotypes to ... my bestfriend knew how much i liked superman , so she handcrafted his symbol into a pillow . its useful and it proved she does listen to me once in a while . so maybe something like that ? haven't fully studied chemistry or physics yet , but all i know is that i have a lack of fondness for biology . the few lessons i encounter about physics i enjoy , so lately i have been thinking about ... i'm sorry , what ? on good days i'm a c . i like to refer walmart as the supermarket from hell . nah my family's great . i think i have a bad anxiety problem . or computer withdrawal . i cried five times yesterday and had this weird anxiety thing with my arms all because they wouldn't let me stay inside . i don't know if i have problem so huge that my mother had to bribe me with ... all i can think of is how adults have regarded me as cute . i don't like it . i've never participated in the game of dating ( if thats what you call it ) so i don't really know how the opposite sex might ... i don't find myself too serious , neither do my closest friends do , but that was upon discovery . i'm told i'm not too expressive and adding the fact i'm pretty objective in things most likely adds to ... i learned that gossiping tends to irritate me the most . http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/86/Triforce.svg/210px-Triforce.svg.png this one because it represent everything i want in life : power , wisdom , and courage . empathy this , empathy that ... i get lectured on a daily basis about how inconsiderate i am . anyway , usually i score zero or negatives in empathy tests . and i think i've taken this one before .  ... i can never really discuss it because either i don't enough about it ( to a certain degree ) or people just don't care . but no , given the chance i wouldn't get embarrassed , but hesitant . the thought ... i might do something that looks like dancing to fight off anxiety . in addition , i learn how to express my emotions by observing other people so when i'm especially happy i'll do something resembling ... i used to stay up late at night analyzing and reviewing my day . i had to used music so that i could focus my mind on a single thing . it helps , but sometimes my thoughts overpower the music . however ... i tend to enjoy rpgs alot . i'd play them more if i had a decent computer ... but i digress . well the obvious one is the legend of zelda ( icon ) but another all time favorite one is dragon age : origins ... mumford and sons . at a glance i would never think i'd like them but i can't ignore the passion i feel every time i lay and really listen to their lyrics . too bad they only have one album . a couple ... makes me cringe even now . : frustrating : would it make sense if i said i cried about emotions ? hm ? no ? thought so . i don't really understand it either . i tend to cry when i shut down . sometimes in a conflict with a close person i bottle ... you know when you're an intj when you get awarded the sweet-tartaward in school , not for your intellect or hard work , but for your constant disguised use of sarcasm . ( sweet-tart as in the ... note : i have actually taken this test before , but couldn't find my results . so i decided to take it again and i believe i got the same result . i think i'll start with my traits : confidence ... people and more than often not my mind tends to hurt me the most . i'm really into video games . in fact i have considered studying to become part of the gaming industry . they're the one thing that is consistent in my life and probably the only thing i am extremely ... i know i'm not perfect , but i still think i'm pretty awesome . every time i think about what i'm capable of or some of my achievements i can't help but think i'm boss . i know , get over myself but you ... so far its exhausting stagnant and uneventful let me put it this way , as a highschooler surrounded by my generation i have these moments . a lot . since we kids don't have the responsibility to , well , think outside of class ( and even then its ... we're all mean and cruel to children . or that may just be me . which is still wrong because i'm badass with kids . regardless of with which close friend i'm with there will be video gaming or nerding out . no exceptions . '