' i am on the borderline of introvertedness and extrovertedness , but my function orderings are more in line with that of entp . when i was younger and still very much in my shell i would have ... try breaking your gender role and make the first move . he may recoil in fear at the thought of intimacy but its more likely he will be flattered ( entps love an ego stroking ) and maybe he is just shy ... you sound like a hipster . a nerdy hipster . yea , i'm into the petite girls that it doesn't scare the living crap out of . it's sexy . edit : i'm a 6 ' 5 230lb man actually , and i inadvertently intimidate a lot of people . but i'm a fucking teddy ... ~ 275 fatass at my heaviest . about ~ 225 and pretty cut-up now , with a little pudge on the belly . 6 ' 5 i think losing weight and gaining confidence led to personality changes to the point that i now ... i'm not into the whole lowered eyes / averted glance / playing coy thing . return my full on stare and gaze into my eyes and this is about to go down . i think what we're having here is a failure to communicate . human beings have emotions , cognitions and behaviors , but for whatever reasons , predispositions , environmental conditions etc . some of us ... dopamine is pretty fucking great isn't it ? i don't think long term adderall use is a good idea because of eventual dopamine down regulation and heightened risk of hypertensive crisis but it can ... raised a christian , became an atheist around 15 . ardent anti-theist and frequent blasphemer , i would probably be a lot more popular if i could possibly keep my mouth shut on the subject . i can't say my inner-dialogue mirrors that in any way . but it can definitely be pretty cruel particularly to myself but pretty frequently with those i'm close to as well . what helps me is to put that ... as an entp do you remember having an awkward period in your life , where you weren't the easy-going social butterfly you are now ? as a teenager i was a bit fat , highly intelligent but frequently ... unfortunately my casual flirting is far more advanced than my seductive flirting . i get a self-esteem boost out of getting girls to flirt with me , but most of the time it's just about having fun ... i flirt up a storm because it makes me comfortable and at least seems to make girls feel more comfortable around me . the problem is i flirt so indiscriminately and with such little follow through ... green , orange , blue , gold i used to sit figure-four frequently but consciously made myself adopt a masculine wide-legged stance at all times . i'm 6 ' 5 and it works better for me anyway . i don't make too much of a habit of ... knowing that you are taken is probably a reason why he is so comfortable flirting with you . i have find myself behaving in this rather immoral fashion , but its not as much about trying to cuckold a ... i'm 20 year old college student and live in a clique-rich environment . i feel that i am able to partially integrate myself into almost any social situation , but i have yet to feel like i truly belong ... i am pretty consistently sorted into ravenclaw , including by pottermore . i don't think broad conclusions can be drawn but i like to think of ravenclaw as nt , hufflepuff as sf , slytherin as st , and ... would it be unfair to say the houses roughly correspond to temperaments ravenclaw ( nt ) gryffindor ( nf ) hufflepuff ( sf ) slytherin ( st ) or ... ravenclaw ( melancholic ) it seems to me like the xnfp-xntp combo has the potential to be a mutually beneficial relationship if communication barriers can be overcome . both appear to have a fear of rocking the boat , and may ... yea , this is something he has to overcome . it seems like you made yourself abundantly clear . i can't speak for all intps , but as a guy who is pretty much in the converse of your situation ( i'd type her as an infp ) i would say that it is likely due to sexual inexperience and difficulty with ... the only disagreement i have with this is that the buddhist doesn't truly believe that this moment is real . temporality is an illusion . granted , this realization really enables one to live every ... honestly i am fairly distrustful of people who compliment my appearance . but i love being told how smart , insightful , valuable my contributions to conversation are . i have pretty weak fe that ... strong 4 . used to be 5 and 8 . but since becoming more like 1 , my eccentricity and nonchalance are apparently endearing so treated like a 9 ... which is less important now than it would have been when ... i use to be a prolific gamer in my not so distant teenage years , but have hardly touched a joystick in the last couple . that being said my favorite games were rpgs like the elder scrolls , fallout , ... i can be cold and confrontational with most men , but i have a soft spot in my heart for women . i am for a society based on voluntary exchange . the state is by nature a compulsive entity . the function of government is to protect people from fraud and from violence , not to perpetrate it ... 6-5- 2-7- 3-8- 9-1- 4 x01660 i used to think pretty much the exact same way , but i've found that working out is great thinking or music time . and if you have somewhere or someone to vent to in a way you're comfortable ... was a pretty serious gamer / geek in my youth but have grown out of it for the most part . i picked up skyrim and me3 this year but i hardly played either . as for porn , i binge then abstain . i'll go for ... walking is a great time for introspection , and its more positive when i'm active and on the move than it is on the couch . if i pass someone i just smile at them if i have my mp3 player in or just say ... intp , ravenclaw . big harry potter fan and always identified with the house . 6w5 9v1 2v3 type 6 : rigidity in diet causes nutritional imbalances ( i don't like vegetables . ) working excessively . caffeine and amphetamines for stamina , but also alcohol and depressants to ... hello everyone . i'm relatively new to mbti and enneagram but i am interested in their use as a framework to help better understand people , which admittedly has been an issue for me throughout my ... '