' thank you for your input <3 mwah i do not think it is bad enough for me to decide to just stay away from him , i fancy him a lot and i know that i should bond with him more before making a decision ... thank you so much for your input ! it really helps knowing that you have practiced the religion and at least know where he is coming from a bit ill type some of his replies word-for-word so maybe ... yes , as i use ne-ti very often , it's in my nature to assume every possibility to be true until otherwise proven otherwise with religion it's not easy to tell , therefore who am i to blatantly say ... the issue is that i do not understand this happened very suddenly and intensely , and i have no reason as to why besides the fact that religion has an impact on it but what is going on in his ... thank you very much for your input ! in your case , where you wouldn't discuss it with anyone because it came from god , what would it mean if you decided to discuss it with somebody you felt ... background on our association : http://personalitycafe.com/infj-forum-protectors/848954-male-infj-female-entp.html with that being said , the boy i am interested in ( a devout roman catholic ) ( we are ... oh yes ! seeing as how you an an intp , i wouldn't be surprised if the entp you speak of got comfortable with communicating via ti from hanging with you i on the other hand , communicate with extreme ... thank god , i always worry about whether or not i'm being literate or whatever and yes , i've found that if an infj is being vocal about his ideas , the infj has put an extreme amount of thought on ... thank you ! i am quite fearless when it comes to defying gender roles , i am usually the one who wears the pants in the relationship , but that is very contradicting ;D all jokes aside , i am rather ... oh man im trying thank you ! and yes i have been very interested in mbti / psychology in general since the very tender age of 9 years old it has helped me navigate life extremely ! also thank you for that article , it ... thank you , awe ! and yes i will definitely have to check that out , i have been wondering what infj-entp communication looks like also , have you had any experiences with entps ? if so , was it ... oh yes , thank you for your input ! i forgot to mention that i had been an infj-t myself for pretty much my entire life until i hit the age of 17 . it was very strange how it happened . for my entire ... hello hello ~ girl entp ( 17 ) here with many questions i will attempt to be as precise as i can , but these things tend to generally be difficult to explain bear with me , im sure you'll understand ... that's harsh . we need food and sustenance , too . contrary to the belief , i'm not trying to be clever , or manipulative , or cute , even if you think i am . i'm just being honest and speaking my mind . you have a brilliant mind . boring . your content is tasteless , i don't think this forum is for you . you get it . i used to think i had bpd but in the end i just decided it was teenage hormones . i'm still trying to figure myself out , and mbti is such a fun way to go about it . however , no longer do i portray such ... you're boring . to each his own . just because my logic differs from yours doesn't necessarily mean that it's wrong . why restrict yourself . it's not impossible . i'm very educated on cognitive functions , and yes , it's quite a weird occurrence to have functions that toggle , but it happens to myself , and i have read ... i apparently worded my post wrong . i meant it in a mutual friendly banter way . and as for cognitive functions , mine alternate . hence why i identify as an inxj . man , i must've really worded my post wrong or something . everyone's taking it the wrong way . i meant it in a playing around manner , where both people are enjoying it and exercising their ni . no ... no , i meant the first one . it's all about the collaboration . i should've mentioned that . i didn't mean it in a condescending way , but rather a flirty and friendly way where both parties understand that it's all in good nature , and a ripple just wants to be created . it wouldn't be in a harmful way at all . as for the romance part , it'd only take place when the romance has matured , and both of the people know that it's all in good nature . ( k-on ! is also a ... i love this so much . perfect sense . that was a beautiful way of explaining it . i meant in a friendly way , not about fooling them . that'd be just downright awful and unenjoyable for both parties . the way i meant to ... ( soul eater is a great anime . ) that's basically what i was talking about . if it wasn't enjoyable for the other intj then it'd be a waste of time and even embarrassing . a lot of sensors try to play ... perhaps mind game was the wrong word . i meant it a flirty way , or a friendly way . keeping everything level , and trying to see who would win , if that explains it ? not teasing . just playing with ... as an infj who is 50/50 between her t / f ( so , inxj ) , i've always wondered how intjs feel when someone likeminded is playing mind games with them , and perhaps even winning . an ni attack / war , if you can ... i'll definitely be looking into this ! mbti is very fun in my opinion . you can get certified to be a psychologist who can professionally type someone using mbti . i'm not too sure what the process is since i'm currently focusing on the ... no , but you can take classes that have to do with mbti and jungian psychology . don't take things too far out of context . this was very , very well written , thank you so much for sharing it here ! it's true that it all depends on how long you've known each other , but sometimes if the bond was so strong , time is only ... oh my . thank you for your input , although our situations are different . both of us were loyal to one another , and another person never entered the picture . since you wouldn't date anyone you ... i see a lot of infj factors in myself , and i know that whatever changes may come , i'll always be just that at heart . but my results have definitely been changing , as has my mindset ... i'm very glad you have recovered , and thank you very much for your input ! our situations are quite similar , so it helps to see things from that similar perspective . if she is truly an infj , you ... thank you for your input ! i have apologized to him multiple times , but i think the downfall of that was that it was completely emotion-based , and that repelled him . i used to always forget to keep ... this is a very interesting perspective .. thank you for sharing . intps do indeed have moods and emotions ( the myth that intps are emotionless androids is absolutely absurd ) i think that he ... this is true . i think i will reach out to him when the chance arrives . him and i both go to local shows , and we share the same friend group so we're bound to see each other every so often during ... i am very educated on cognitive functions and myers-briggs psychology , as i plan to major in college for these subjects . mbti is fun for me , and it grants me closure which i enjoy . although i do know ... i know , i know , tests can only tell you so much , especially if they're administered online rather than by a professional , but i personally am very involved with mbti . ( i plan to go to college to ... i cannot express how well this was written . bravo ! ! thank you very much for your input ! the fact that you put it into what to do and what not to do is very helpful . he's a very antisocial intp ... i am indeed an infj . allow me to clarify . i know that due to my ni dominance that an unhealthy aspect of it can be seeing too far between the lines and coming up with a bunch of crazy conclusions ... lately i've been more in tune with logic due to a sudden fascination and comfort with it , so it definitely can be overboard . non-taken . thank you for the ideas , and it's true that any form of ... what a painful topic . bear with me . * ahem * as an infj who is currently going through a personality change to infj > intj > intp , and who's also had a female intp as her best friend for the ... i really love entps for their ne on steroids deal . it's just entertaining . disconnected thoughts are humorous to me , especially the ones that you explained about the entp that you know that wanted ... '