i'm really sick of people who lie to save their own ass , and i'm sick of being in a society where that is accepted and expected . it's like no one has morals anymore . it's all selfishness and deceit ... i can't believe how many of you want to do this ! i've always felt so alone on this subject , because when i mention to someone i'd like to do this , even for a short period of time , i get looked at ... i am absolutely interested in hearing more about your son bright laughter ! that is amazing . i don't know if you are familiar with him , but ian stevenson would have loved to talk to you about the ... you aren't alone . many people are experiencing this right now , myself included . i have had more spiritual insights and paranormal experiences in the past year than i ever have . i feel like time is ... honestly , i see unhappy people at every age . young , middle aged like me , elderly . it all has to do with perspective on life . my 89 year old grandmother has many problems , has lost most of her ... at the moment , i'm trying really hard to deal with some negativity in my life . namely in a family member who is draining me of energy . it would be in my best emotional interest to distance myself ... we lost power for a few days recently from the storm . it really made me realize how technology , computer , tv , etc ... was keeping me busy and not necessarily in a good way . it was a real lesson to ... i'm not sure about that theory , but i do think that there is a chance some of us are sent here to spur as much change as possible on earth . the concept of indigo children is one which comes to mind ... interesting books on the subject of reincarnation : the seat of the soul by gary zukav - talks a lot about the personality vs . the soul . i'm currently reading this right now . he also briefly talks ... oh boy , i could go on for days on this subject . if you are really interested in reincarnation , i suggest reading a book by ian stevenson . i'm currently reading a book regarding 20 cases which ... this post re-entered below ! to be honest , i think we as infj's beat ourselves up enough without listing it on the screen . i know i do . i work every day to be more positive , love myself more , and accept who i am . i am always ... oh man , i do this all the time . it's so annoying . i too forget where i parked the car sometimes . pretty embarrassing when you're outside with a cart full of food and don't know where you car is . ... nice to meet you ! welcome . i understand what you are saying about having trouble having conversations with people . i had that difficulty for a very long time , but have learned to move past it in ... i'm not sure , but i've wondered the same thing . i have conflicts with my family often , which is why i distance myself from them as much as i can , which of course leads to guilt on my part . only ... it's funny you mention that , because it's something i have noticed as well . there have been cases where i have my hands full , cannot possibly reach the doorknob , but no one even thinks to open the ... me too ! couple more from me : to trust my intuition , even when i don't want to . to have patience with other people . to forgive i always start out by thinking someone is good , or positive , or worthy of respect , etc ... when i first meet them . i let them start with a blank ( positive ) slate , and that's what i meant by saying i ... frustrating ! ! ! yes , that is a huge part of who we are as infj's . it also involves your intuition . we have a way of seeing into people , their feelings , their motives , ultimately who they are as human beings , that ... i notice everything about people . their hair , their shoes , their clothing , their jewelry , etc ... it all registers with me . i can't help it . i also notice surroundings . take me into your home and i'll ... thanks so much for the info . i had a feeling that is what you would say . i think when people lived close to the land , as opposed to living in cities , the folklore spread and was widely accepted . ... i was going to ask you about the fairy beliefs over there as well . i heard that a good portion of the population of iceland believes in the little people , to the point that they won't build roads , ... one word - selfishness . i see what you are saying and have felt the same way for a very long time . and i too feel badly for judging them , but then i look at the whole picture , and i think , why not judge them ? if someone is ... i went to the junior but not the senior . no one asked me . :( i probably would have gone if someone had asked . i swear , it was like i had the plague in high school . no one asked me out really . i had ... i have a really hard time letting things go . i tend to obsess and over analyze people , situations , etc ... to the point that i will just not be ok until i have it figured out . or at least i used to . ... i have vivid dreams , and i can usually remember them , at least for a day or two . i also tend to like to sleep a lot . an ideal day would be 10 hours of sleep for me . one thing i've noticed is my ... i don't know . something is going on . there have been way too many natural disasters lately , and i mean the historic kinds , not just the average run of the mill disasters , for us to not take notice . ... i second this . i confess that i keep a stuffed animal at my desk at work because it cheers me up . i wonder sometimes why others don't need one too , then i feel like something is wrong with me . * * huggles * * so sorry you had a bad day ! been there ! not by others but by myself ! i'm having a tendency lately to procrastinate and not get things done because i analyze everything too much . i need to make more firm decisions and take action . this is ... anything and everything could lead to hatred . telling someone i don't like her shirt could lead to hatred . not helping an old woman across the street could lead to hatred among those standing by ... they key to success is recognizing evil and trying to do something about it without it consuming you and turning you bitter . that is what i meant . it's easier said than done . once we get into ... ? god help us if no one wanted to save the people and the planet . then we would have no hope at all . what little hope i see for humanity is from people who care enough about us to save us , or want ... money to travel . money to quit work and volunteer somewhere meaningful . a nice , big sparkly diamond ring . not because of the material wealth thing , or the desire to show it off , but because i love ... i'm sorry to say i understand completely what you are saying and agree with you . i would prefer a social democracy actually . i am as far left as they come on most issues . i look out for the whole of society , not just the rich and powerful . the tea party movement and the ... i know it sounds hard to hear , but a lot of people have messed up families . i for one was the daughter of a depressive mother , who probably wasn't in any position to have children ( i have no ... wow . i admire that you can learn from your mistakes and have taken responsibility for your actions . so many people never fully take responsibility and thus never learn from their errors . some people ... i second this . all of the other problems i have with people all seem to boil down to this one issue . we all have a dark side . no matter which personality type . mine is the judgmental , know it all who appears once in a while ! oh boy where do i start ? i've been struggling with this for some time now . i've had some experiences in my life that have led me to believe people as a whole generally do not care about one another ... wow , that's a really great question . i don't base it on other's views or opinions . i don't base it on society's standpoints . or at least i don't think i do . who knows ... i probably do to some point ... wow , and from someone who is supposed to love you . that's awful . i have realized that our family aren't necessarily always good for us . we don't choose them . we have no choice in the matter . it's ... you are so hard on yourself ! the fact that you are even worrying if you are a good person or not tells me that you are . i have met people who have done bad things and have zero regret or shame . you ... nice people make my day ! just being around someone who is kind and thoughtful really brightens the vibe of the room . there is a girl i work with who will randomly bring in flowers for our desks ... can i steal this one ! lol , this one is perfect for me ! my goals this year are : to be more organized and clutter free to really give all i can to my job to exercise more and maybe go back to ... oh , do i feel for you on this one . i worked at a restaurant in high school . not a good experience . the owner treated me like a piece of crap and worked me like a dog . nothing i did was right . i ... i used to get asked this all the time . everything from , cheer up ! , you look sad , you look upset , you look tired ( big one ) , what's wrong , etc ... honestly , i really think it's just my facial ...