' or your social battery dies and you actually do become angry / sad definitely the quiet , antisocial type in high school . no one ever described me as shy though , and neither would i . just quiet . senior year was probably the worst of my life , mostly due to the ... i can't say for sure as i'm currently in a great relationship with an entp ( sorry if that came off as bragging , it's not ) but it might have to do with feeling inadequate . with a lot of entps ( at last ... usually wearing a band tee or plain black shirt , black shorts in summer , pants and leather jacket in the winter . always with boots . basically this toned down , i . e . take out the chains and stockings ... i think my ideal living space would be some mixture between punk house , old gothic mansion , and a porn shop . drawings , posters , and flags haphazardly pinned to everything , holes in the walls , ... this topic is actually what brought me back to the forum today after over a year and a half of absence . * waves * i've discovered , for me , being in love is - finally being able to put someone else ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BwZll6Orib4 power metal with middle eastern influence . woah . i have your boots . you guys look awesome . that is all . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qFkkSDIkA4Y for some reason that i don't even understand , i can't do casual . i want myself to be pleased with how i look before i go out somewhere . i'm not sure how to describe my style . somewhere between ... thanks for the advice , everyone . i don't feel like responding to everyone but i've taken your posts into consideration . meeting up again with him tomorrow for a concert - i'll see how it goes . sorry , i live on 9gag . http://i905.photobucket.com/albums/ac257/crazyflicka/Misc/5947414_700b_v1.jpg http://i905.photobucket.com/albums/ac257/crazyflicka/Misc/5774606_700b.jpg ... you know what's funny is that we both beat around the bush about the topic of liking each other . actually , no - correction : we destroyed that poor bush . i really just wanted to ask after i was sure ... simple but not-so-simple question : i like guy . guy likes me . neither of us has the balls to admit it . we technically went on a date yesterday but the word date was never mentioned because , ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lGINLisYN9Y&feature=my_liked_videos&list=LLibuoHqY8dD1TsCR8ZX4RrQ i was actually about to post something just like this . last week i had my first kiss and honestly the story sounds so unreal / movie-like , it's strange . here's me , rockin out at a concert , which is ... the president is going to speak at your university in a few hours and you're apathetically sitting at the computer eating said microwave pasta i mentioned . pfft my last class for today got canceled ... mine , being more food specific : 1 . donuts 2 . microwave pasta 3 . ice cream because everything else is just too damn complicated . hey people waiting outside the elevators ... there actually might be someone who needs to come out before you come in . so how about you back the fuck off for a couple seconds just in case someone , ... on a more serious note ... vodka ! vodka ! vodka ! vodka ! vodka ! you're feeling stronger vodka ! no more feeling bad vodka ! your eyes are shining vodka ! you are the real man vodka ! wipes away ... i found out from a guy in my french composition class that another girl in our class is afraid of me . we've never talked . she told him it's because i'm quiet . i kinda find this funny because i ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Lef-CitRnI after recently seeing these guys live ... i ... can't ... stop ... same . this happened last week ... although i don't mind admitting it - without emotions we wouldn't be people . oh and ... i confess that loki's helmet turns me on . woah how are people getting pictures of me onto the internet ? ! i had another dream last night which inspired an idea for a story when i woke up . this has happened once before and i still have the idea written down but never did anything . fuck it , i'm going to ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6z4DRPG7rbc lalalailailalalailailailalalailailailalalailai just plain heterosexual . straight as a board . wow i've only been at college for four days and i'm pretty sure i've made more friends than i have in four years . i think i'm gonna like it here a lot . i just feel ... like smiling . i'm not used to ... says the one who states opinion as fact - and as much as you're defending against aspects of the metal genre that you dislike - well of course those of us who enjoy those aspects ( i . e ... i would have to say my favorite lyrics are those of sonne by rammstein - alle warten auf das licht fürchtet euch , fürchtet euch nicht die sonne scheint mir aus den augen ... no problem ! yeah , sexy bastard , isn't he ? i want to get oomph ! ' s new album but it's still expensive because it's an import and it's still new . ugh , i'll wait - not paying $ 30 for one album ... yes . just because i was going to post them anyways , more rammstein and oomph ! sonne - rammstein http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kIBeYoP9Wi0 ich will deine seele - oomph ! well then maybe time should stop complaining and try being on top . i'm actually quite flattered . this is probably due to me literally just meeting a new group of people whom i think i'll become good friends with . common interests usually work , and they are a bunch ... well it seems as though all the 2012 hype has some truth to it . i've been getting random little compliments lately and someone expressed an interest in dating me - yep , the world must be coming to an ... whether i inform you of my progress or not , it won't matter because 1 ) you aren't familiar with how the everything is classified , 2 ) if i'm on track you won't need to do anything , and 3 ) even if i ... i spent three hours last night playing sexual would-you-rather and turn on , turn off with a fb friend ( whom i have not met in real life btw ) . the entire day all i've thought about is sex . i'm now ... wow i have never seen such an accurate description of what my brain does in these situations . i am the same way except i've actually gotten so good ( bad ? ) at listening to people that sometimes my ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yTznLF8Ifwg&feature=BFa&list=LLibuoHqY8dD1TsCR8ZX4RrQ these people deserve a prize . assuming i don't die in an accident , i plan on going to the bermuda triangle when i'm old / sick beyond the point of return so that i can at least discover the mystery right before i die , so i wouldn't ... your relatives call you on your cell phone even though you're all in the same house because they know you won't come out of your room to answer their questions right away . ( usually about food , ... this is basically it right here . most of the time if we won't answer questions it's simply because we don't see the need for the question to be answered or because we value our privacy , not because ... i cry when i watch titanic . not because of the love scenes . whenever there are mass accident scenes in movies and people are dying and screaming , i cannot handle it . my problem is that i'm so good ... http://i905.photobucket.com/albums/ac257/crazyflicka/Misc/4395181_460s.jpg http://i905.photobucket.com/albums/ac257/crazyflicka/Misc/groceries.jpg ... i didn't think of this either ... i do feel pretty accomplished after i finish something difficult . and ironically enough i just spoke to my friend about this and the first thing she offered was to ... the details are basically that i have assignments that need to be done for an online class which i'm already behind in because i was forced into an accelerated pace . i guess what i'm trying to say is ... * penisve smirk * especially when you're extremely tied and it semen not as obvious as usual , which only mates it more obvious once you've noticed . sorry . i had two . self-initiated , pointless guilt over insignificant , stupid things - how i hate you ... i want to crawl into a miraculous hole of fix everything and crawl out victoriously . and why do people ... i debated asking this in the istj forum but i think you guys might be able to help ... i'm yet another intp struggling with procrastination at the moment ( yay ) except - usually if i find a reason ... i think it depends on what you're attempting to study . some subjects require a more formal setting because of the need for interaction . for instance , according to testing results i learned almost as ... '