' dude that sounds fantastic ! if you ever put anything out i'd definitely want to give it a listen :) . yeahh , jazz chords are my favourite , i've always been a big fan of it . jazz drumming is probably ... haha that's the best kind of instrument ;) ahh yes , middle school ... screw em xd . do you think you'd ever pick it back up ? that's awesome . what kind of music are you writing ? do you have any samples online or anything ? research papers are the bane of my existence . i'm lucky that i can at least write about something i'm interested in , but i have to literally source every single friggin ' thing i say , or otherwise , ... i write it alll out . whether it makes sense or not on paper is besides the point , it's a great outlet , for me at least , to get my thoughts outside of my mind . sometimes i can even figure some ... 1 : what's your mbti type ? infj 2 : what's your gender ? female 3 : are you the eldest child , middle child , or youngest child ? eldest 4 : how do you learn : hands-on , seeing , or auditory ? not to get in the midst of your entp / entj power struggle but ... you talk sooo much ! ! ! ahhh ... not that i mind listening o . o . but i can't give you the advice you want when you guys keep ... that partly could be because our friendship was always very natural and go-with-the-flow . the other part has to do with our personalities and our honest communication style . when i outright asked ... i'm in school right now , completing a music major with a double minor in equestrian studies and communications . i love teaching my passions to people , and would be thrilled to run a business of my ... speaking from personal experience , a platonic / best-friends relationship was what i had with a male enfp for about 2 years before we talked about something more . now we're in a pretty committed , ... hmm ... i would want to try each type for a day . they're all so interesting and unique in their own ways . we're happy to help ! :) i do want to add something though ... when people are sad / depressed / generally in a bad state of mind , they tend to fall into their shadow functions ... i read your first post and ... depends on the social gathering and what kind of people i'd be around . my sister and boyfriend are the closest to me , and i always love hanging with them whenever i can-but as of now i'm at a college ... music , art and writing are my escape . they're all something i can get lost in , something that takes me away from the world when i need a break . and when i'm alright again , i can come back and show ... nah it's all good ! i use that username in like , maybe one other thing so you're fine :) . and isn't it the best ! ? my old boss showed me it after work one day ... good times . i also thoroughly enjoyed ... true that . hmm ... for me , i got very accustomed to being someone different in certain situations , and in others that i was more comfortable in , i would take the persona off and be myself . you get ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7YC2gcSHXaU best ^ ^ this . also , i'm wondering what your thoughts are on ne vs . ni ? your ne is at 70 % , also very high , and only 15 % away from your ni which is at 85 % . do you think ne could be a possibility for you ? ... honestly , if i've established a good relationship with someone , i will naturally be protective of them no matter their type . i've sort of gained the momma bear title from most people i know :P . thank you omg , you put it in words . thank you ^ _ ^ . he'll be out late tonight at a social thing , which means he most likely will have worked through the fi process and will be energized / in a good mood :P . i'll definitely remember to ask ... idk , i've just never heard of her name before ! :P just googled her ... i probably should have known about her huh ... woops o . o ahh oh no ! :/ i always feel like i should say something encouraging , but maybe that was bad ... i do know he was done venting , but i guess i should have just stuck with sympathy ? thanks for the advice , ... hehe thanks : 3 . huge fan of banksy and his work . thanks ! yeah i figured this was the case , but wanted to double-check with the enfp community :) . ok , i've got a question ... when anyone is upset and angry at him / herself and talking to me about it , i try to comfort , encourage and suggest things ( etc . ) to help them feel better as well as help ... hmm not bad , definitely has an abba / general 80s pop feel to it . never heard of the artist . not something i'd typically listen to , but i didn't mind it too much . the lyrics are a little unoriginal , ... that's really cool actually ! i've always wanted to do the actual one ... do you have any more details on how you got this opportunity ? i would love to know how it went after as well ! i've tested and ... invading personal bubbles right and left ! don't worry , still love ya guys xd my boyfriend is an enfp with adhd , and while i don't think he's ever done an iq test , he's ridiculously intelligent ... not even just saying that , it almost scares me sometimes to see how smart he is ... itx 92s funny how we all aspire to be that perfect couple in the tv screen . when really , our realities themselves are thousands upon thousands and a thousand more times interesting and fearful ... not sure if this was directed at me or snc 1878 but either way this thread is sorta old but keeps popping back up :P . meaning me and old estp friend have already come to an agreement awhile back . not ... i haven't gotten anything too horrible as far as advice goes , but the advice i do get , i already know ( sorta like what you mentioned loving 2011 ) . that's why i don't really ask for it ... if i need to ... hmm that does sound crappy :/ . though i can think of many worse things than that , if you need some perspective xd . i wish you good luck , it can't be easy . it's actually hilarious that you say this because my old estp friend , in the midst of any argument , serious or not would just say you know what , you're right . and drop it xd . it started off as a ... no , typically i don't think fi users are any more considerate or inconsiderate than fe users . i actually look up to fi users quite a lot-i have a lot of respect for people who have strong values and ... it depends on the situation . if i get drunk tired and am also around people i know , my ni dom will switch to a weird fe dom when i start acting like everyone's mom and making sure no one is getting ... my mom and sister both tested as intjs , my dad tested as an isfj . it's not bad , i get along with them for the most part :) crackers . exciting , i know ; o tbh , i try to avoid typing people altogether . there are too many factors and variables withing someone's personality and character to just write them off as this or that , even if you've known them ... nicee , my weak spot is improvisation , so i really look up to people who use that as their niche in learning . i've always wanted to learn how to scream xd . any technique on how-to that you're willing ... haha no worries xd . hmm ... i can convey emotional events well , but i never know how it will connect with the reader . idk , it's all very spontaneous when i decide i'm in the mood to write something . i ... nice ! sounds intriguing . i'm all over the map , but novels are a bit of a struggle for me to accomplish . i tend to stick with poetry and other creative written pieces . i guess i write about whatever ... i feel like i should clarify that my little blow up was aimed at the enfp , not the estp :) . but i could definitely see him being wary about my out-of-the-blue actions against someone else ... maybe he ... dooo it ! haha don't worry , powerful arms come with practice . the bigger battle is keeping time and having the coordination :P . if you succeed in both of those , you'll be fine . i know i have an addictive personality . fortunately with nothing too serious though , so i know to not let myself get into anything too destructive . i learned this when a friend introduced me to an ... i'm getting ready to move back to college this thursday , and despite being busy with work and music projects all summer , this is the only thing making me exhausted . well ... that and the non-stop ... thatquirkyaspie welcome ! nice to have you here ^ _ ^ . i've been getting a lot of inspiration for my writing from mbti as well-it's a great resource for creating complex characters . what kind of book ... candy 007 i'd say i have the same connection with drumming , but you don't exactly strum them xd . i hope you get to continue learning it , whether you decide to take lessons or self-teach :) . 11th ... woahh , i think you just figured it out to a t o . o . too bad i didn't think about this sooner ... can you elaborate on what you mean by but it wasn't totally social , or i would have let her go ? other ... '