itachi is an infj , much like minato , and possibly nagato . his whole plan to save sasuke was ni-ti based . his method of going about it definitely shows fe over te . trying to passively beat another ... itachi is an infj , much like minato , and possibly nagato . his whole plan to save sasuke was ni-ti based . his method of going about it definitely shows fe over te . trying to passively beat another ... itachi is an infj , much like minato , and possibly nagato . his whole plan to save sasuke was ni-ti based . his method of going about it definitely shows fe over te . trying to passively beat another ... itachi is an infj , much like minato , and possibly nagato . his whole plan to save sasuke was ni-ti based . his method of going about it definitely shows fe over te . trying to passively beat another ... itachi is an infj , much like minato , and possibly nagato . his whole plan to save sasuke was ni-ti based . his method of going about it definitely shows fe over te . trying to passively beat another ... itachi is an infj , much like minato , and possibly nagato . his whole plan to save sasuke was ni-ti based . his method of going about it definitely shows fe over te . trying to passively beat another ... entp is the vibe i get so far but i also see low use of te and potentially se . enfp may be a possibility too . intj and infj i think are less likely but are still possibilities . a good way to tell ... i see more entp than intj to be fair . though your fi may be higher than your fe , i think that you have more fe than intjs seem to have . its also pretty common for nt's to score higher fi than fe on ... left handed for writing , eating and cutting . right handed for sports like tennis and table tennis . right footed i eat extremely quickly , but i process information pretty slowly . i may need a few repeats to understand what is being said , this is usually due to accents or when a very complicated piece of ... someone who can motivate me to do something without forcing me or invading my space . someone inspiring . someone both reliant on me and independent . someone who i can do / share my interests with ... lol , what is your opinion on enfjs ? i find it hard to be judgemental . people can always change and you never know everything about them . i can detect peoples patterns and predict their actions but i'm too indecisive to define someone ... entp isfj entj infj intj i would hate to date another intp ironically . i would hate to date an enfj too . type : intp previous girlfriends : entp , isfp , enfp current interest : isfj closest friends : isfj , esfp , esfj lol , asking one of the most indecisive types whether they're 100 % sure about something ... friendship wise and working together , i think intp-entj works really well . they seem to be the most productive team . they seem to cover up each others weaknesses extremely well . the intp generates ... 1 ) what is your mbti type ? intp 2 ) what is your gender ? male 3 ) what type ( s ) do you admire / respect the most ? ( why ? ) xntj they seem far more organised than me , which is the main thing i ... ti and fi seem very similar in terms of forming opinions . from what i can see , ti turns objectivity into subjectivity . and fi turns subjectivity into objectivity ( correct me if i am wrong ) . both ... i don't really just want to choose a type and go along with it , that would be pointless . i want to know which type i truly am , as maybe it would help me in understanding myself , or at least why i do ... okay , i definitely understand that i use alot of ti , but how did you come to a conclusion of intp rather than istp ? couldn't my answers to numbers 6 and 7 be interpreted as se rather than ne ? i see , what makes you think that ? which responses give off evidence that i am an intp and why ? hi peoole , i've taken the mbti test a few times and i usually get intp . although i don't feel like i fit into the description too much . i feel like i am an ixxp but i'm not sure about the other ... aim is pretty much in the title . what are the weirdest compliments / descriptions you've recieved ? most of my nt friends get some pretty weird compliments / descriptions so it'll be interesting to see ... i'm pretty good with people myself , but i find myself being exhausted after long periods of interaction . i can be with one or two people for a very long time and get home with abit of energy left . i ... 1 . quality time ( pretty self explanatory ) 2 . words of affirmation ( probably due to my pride , would take a lot for me to tell someone that i love them ) 3 . acts of service ( mainly sacrifice , takes a ... i find small talk easy , probably because i spent my life observing people and how they behave . i can pretty much make conversation out of anything if i wanted to . i find that i very rarely talk ... not all intps are like that . plus some might just want to logically understand your point of view on an topic . it may look like relentless arguing but that might just be their method of gathering ... i like being intp , but i don't take pride in it . i like how i am in general . although i would prefer to be an feeling type to understand my feelings better . or maybe an istp so that i feel less ... 15 , intp , not diagnosed i've heard a few different ones but the main ones are : entp - because people think i love to argue for arguing sake , which is a very rare occurance . intj - this is the one i hear most . because ... hi guys , i am an intp struggling to make a choice about what degree i want to take . i'm stuck between psychology and medicine . whilst i like the idea of both subjects i can't seem to pick one . i love ... overanalyzing . giving up too easily . if i believe the chances of success are low , i won't bother to take action . i also always prepare for the worst case scenario . i make the mistake of assuming that ... their approach to feelings is different because their inferior function is different . they have inferior fi and we have inferior fe . they are very different . and hence , they do not suffer the same ... sounds like an intp nope , before the isfj , i would confide different things with different people . eg if i wanted to talk about games , i would go to my isfp friend . or i would go to my esfp friend to talk about girls ... can you not bring yourself to say anything because of the nagging feeling that she may not understand or care , or because of how intrinsically futile it feels to share problems with others ? i get ... if your problem is strictly what's in the op : make your friend aware that presuming to decide what's best for others instead of letting them make their own decisions is incredibly presumptuous of ... any advice guys ? does anyone have any tips on solving this ? i am an intp in a similar situation . nope , i love ti . it helps me grasp things easier than most people . i hate my inferior functions , though . well that is not really what i was saying at all so im not sure where you are confused . im describing the infinite regress problem that all foundational beliefs face , ( and knowledge faces in general ) ... you can believe something regardless of if it is self-defeating . people believe in foundational beliefs to solve the regress problem . which is essentially self defeating circular reasoning . if i ... when people ask me what animal i would describe myself as , i usually say eagle coincidentally . how did you get from intp to esfj ? lol , as long as you are living you will still have to ... thanks , i think i am an intp . i seem to be able to track back pretty well when i have a eureka moment . i also don't like being sidetracked when i thinking about an answer . especially if i am close to ... i highly doubt that is the case . as i mentioned before , as a child , i rejected alot of my family's teachings and ideals , because they didn't make sense and were heavily irrational . this extends to my ... hmm ... so from what i can make of it , to find out what type of intuition you use , you must find which function accompanies it and make up your profile ? but how does one decide whether they use ti ... my belief in god is logical because i as a person am pretty logical . it might just be me forcing my mentality on religion . but i cannot follow something that makes no sense to me . i know this is very ... well , i classify myself as a christian , so i believe in an all powerful god etc . this was not due to upbringing , as i was rather rebellious towards my family as a child . i believe religion is a way ... i cannot relate to the metaphor you made , however , i sometimes describe my feelings in such manner when i have difficulty explaining them , which is basically all the time . i have very complex ...