' i totally understand where you're coming from dania . i was super uncomfortable showing weakness or failure for a while . but now i find people are most comforted by me when i show them my weaknesses ... as the op , i thoroughly enjoyed people continuing the conversation . checked my email the other day and remembered this thread like it was yesterday . from the past year i can only support my ... also to add to the conventional knowledge that you have to be rich to get into college - my roommate lived in the ghettos and his family makes less than 20k a year . he pretty much got a full ride to ... while i agree with the general consensus that there is a sense of pretentiousness in young culture , i don't think the stereotypical i worked 23 hours a day damnit and you should too ! advice is ... i'm attracted to confident , intelligent , active , and extraverted women . any well adjusted t or f can fall under that description , i certainly don't take mbti into account with relationships . there seems to be a bit of misunderstanding right now . i prefer to express myself regardless of my surroundings , so i try not to change faces at work , school , or around good friends ( which takes a ... chem 2 calculus 2 bio 2 spanish 3 biology lab physics lab jeez . i plan on graduating in 3 years total hence my crazy schedule . i've already got credit for all my history / literature , and ... because i was tired and sad , and put little empathy into my answer . i don't know what kind of answer you're expecting , but this is a pretty ridiculous question . firstly i wouldn't ascribe idealism and ' hoping ' for a better world to only nfs . but are you suggesting ... i'll put in my views naruto - enfp 3w4 - i forget what movie it was but the whole plot was how naruto was being an overly ambitious idealist and how he wouldn't let kakashi sacrifice himself for the ... don't mean to derail this thread but from that robert / hayley interview was anyone else taken back by the inauthenticity in hayley ? it might be my bias from reading something about how her parents ... my friend goes to northwestern and she met him . she said he was a real asshat going around thinking he had all the rights in the world because his dad is famous . real shame . oh and his music sucks ... i don't think that's really the best of ideas , if you're anything like me you have so much personality suppressed and so many learned behaviors that suck the life out of you . it's a slow process ... totally understood , i was just suggesting a type with what you gave me . the beebe model is really just a model and not everyone is going to feel like it fits or whatever . i still feel some sort ... hey , thanks for the response ! but this is fairly old and more a stream of consciousness post , i didn't really edit anything - so it's really not too comprehensible , it was more me trying to figure ... if you think ti is your opposing personality , that would make you a te dominant . entj or estj . look over this description and see if you see your ti working in it . the opposing role is often how ... well i can tell you i went through a very similar predicament . enfp and infj use the exact same functions but directed in different directions . i think people don't realize the powerful acting ... this has already been posted in the forums but i found it incredibly helpful to pinpoint my type . understanding the archetypes involving the eight functions of type ( beebe model ) it doesn't talk ... thanks for the response , i'm glad you found a good friend , those are hard to come by ! that's the thing , i don't want to have to meet the right person ! i want to be face value to all the people i ... all i've been wanting for a while is someone to be very close to me , to know me better than i know myself sometimes . both my parents are out of the question and i need some sort of grounding bond . i ... from this limited conversation you strike me as an enfp who , like me , developed a more thinking , rational side . i would still look into cognitive functions more thoroughly though , give it a couple ... i hear you , and it is incredibly important to be the ' champions ' . but i think a crucial part of how we are able to inspire is through the compassion and laughter . without light hearts we wouldn't ... well , if it's any condolence , i completely understand what you're going through , i'm still going through some of it myself . awkwardness is something i found can only be softened with experience . it ... i would have to agree that your true type can be suppressed , but it's still there . but i must say that there is no easy way to figure out your ' true ' type . it took me an extraordinarily long time to ... oh but there is so much to being an emotional goofball ! i chose goku because no other type could have pulled off his character as well in that show . the happy go lucky attitude only makes his ... edit : ffff i'll just say that it was wrong to assume i don't drink or do drugs , and i'm in a grumpy mood . but i'll just say to not try and figure this out with mbti , it's really ... me personally , as an enfp child of an alcoholic father , i've seen what it can do and what helps and what doesn't help . first off don't think it will get better if you leave it alone , it won't . ... http://i1030.photobucket.com/albums/y362/jaimefhernando/20070330025757-goku-bye.jpg ... willhite 2 , that sounds like a pretty awesome night , no joke . that's something that i would enjoy . over new years i went camping with 7 good friends both genders and we just had fun all the time ... this makes me laugh and tap my foot at the same time . i looove it youtube - jingle bells remix it's pretty palm-to-face inducing . the only time i like to go ' clubbing ' is with good friends or if i'm going with a girl that i want to dance with before we get drunk . you guys both have the wrong amount of syllables ! it's odd because my dad also played trumpet ( estj ) it seems to include both extremes of the spectrum didn't know you but well put and just reasons . have fun ! i play a mean blues guitar and i sing . i also play acoustic guitar and piano . played trumpet in middle / high school band . i think trumpet is a pretty accurate enfp school band instrument and singing ... on a scale of 1 to 10 i really need to clean my room . i can't even think straight with all this stuff everywhere . 1 ! + 2 ! + 3 ! + 4 ! ... + 12 ! ! = factorial ... if we're counting the repeats as more presents also i thought it was interesting in the song that he said 7 eleven workers as if the store was ... listening to music and living in my head . never seen any of your posts but you perceive accurately and you're quite articulate yourself . i like your diction . also seem positive and friendly . phoel , that makes much more sense . but - how the hell do you find out if your just ' twoing ' like a four or if your actually a two ? any advice for that ? how do you differentiate core needs with ... personal ~ * name - theyellow is my name , imagination is my game * male / female / trans ? male age - 19 . i can either act 8 or 28 . graduating class is 2 years older than me , so i'm used to ... caring , supporting , and a calm head . i'm not as manly compared to frat boys but i'm more a man than most of them . i say this with confidence . well it's more complicated than that pink , we've known each other for a long time and she's been with me a lot lately and we've gotten a bit closer than friends . it's more of a thank you gift .  ... julian smith - enfp ray william johnson-infp ? doesn't seem like it but he has that kind of awkward confidence . wheezywaiter - enfp or entp to be honest , no . but i don't know if you could call me experienced . the questions are based on actions where mbti is based on preferences . the descriptions are broad enough to apply to many ... actually fuck it , i don't need any advice . i'm just going to give her the fucking present . the end . i've been working on shouting with my diaphragm in man class and i grew my beard out to wear with my lumberjack shirt . i've decided not to throw the present at her to avoid a law suit . my main ... i bought a girl a christmas present as we've been on the edge of a relationship lately , and i want to convey that i'm interested . i don't want to come across as a friend giving a cute present , not as ... i can stand on the tip of only one big toe . i guess it's cause my mom was a ballet dancer '