' ne , like it has been said , is organized chaos . it only appears like madness on the outside , but is governed by logic , at least fuzzy logic , on the inside . it's like life itself eh ? i can give you an ... dear , estp stop being such a cunt to your parents . i know i'm a guest in your house as of right now , and this is apparently how it is and always ha been around here , but you're seriously out of ... dear , estp stop being such a cunt to your parents . i know i'm a guest in your house as of right now , and this is apparently how it is and always ha been around here , but y it's probably been said before , but intriguing . if an entp is doing his job correctly , you should want more of him after the first time you meet him . like it's been said before , i just have the worst spatial awareness . i have fantastic reflexes and catch a lot of the shit i knock over and drop . i'm also pretty decent at sports , however i am the ... i'm pretty sure my mother is an isfj or infj , i'm not sure . she definitely has intuitive capabilities , but her communication style is more s-like , straightforward . i'm an only child , though in ... guys , i didn't do it . i explained why a bit earlier in the thread . that's interesting , the fact we both have entj fathers . but yeah , my father and i are both fantastic troubleshooters on our own , but are fantastic together . i usually provide the solutions and he ... i feel as if am beginning to develop these so called people skills . i still have a hard time dealing with sfps for extended periods of time but that's another story , haha . from what i am starting to ... ehh , i wouldn't call her a bitch , she's just completely governed by emotion . this leads to massive inconsistencies . i'm wondering what everyone else's experience has been with entj's has been . i know two , one not so well and the other is my father . a father-son relationship between any two types is going to be ... alright kids , gather round ! it's anticlimactic story time ! so , in regards to the type of this girl , i'm thinking she's an isfj . she's got a massive j preference , probably the most anal person ... today , after just finishing the second to last test before graduation i found myself talking to a friend of mine who i have known for almost 12 years now . we began talking about what a lot of ... ha yeah , thanks for the insight . college this fall ! i'm excited to try just about everything i can . alright everyone , i've decided i am going to run the world . i am your new overlord . but in all seriousness , recently , as i get ready to leave high school and throw of the chains of my social anxiety , ... so recently i've been looking at the orderings of my cognitive functions . intp's orderings are supposed to be order ti > ne > si > fe , right ? i've recently taken a cognitive functions test and my ordering ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zAleQ79UlT8 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ivL9Hd7mn_k&feature=related i have a friend that i am pretty sure is an isfj . this means her aux . function is fe . mine is ne . we constantly , constantly miscommunicate . i think it's the fact we're both using our secondary ... i actually don't do this at all . in fact , there are only 2 emotions that ever display on my face . the first is contempt / shock . i . e when someone says something i perceive to be stupid or completely ... does anyone else love to deliberately confuse people ? i simply love being strange , inconsistent , and senseless in general . anything from being difficult , misinterpreting other people's speech ... aw , i think i've invoked the wrath of an enfp hahahaha . but hell , my motive is pleasure , plain and simple . i think the first time would be awkward and i want to lose it to someone i trust so i'm not ... i have decided to go for it , but i haven't initiated much , i was thinking about starting this weekend . build up to it and be having sex before the end of march at the latest . i don't know . when i really think about , i think is the question really is there a god ? i mean we really know nothing about what / who created the universe . the big bang explains how it happened , ... success = happiness . happiness = ? ? ? but on a broader note , i often think about walking out to the middle of america and just starting a civilization . i would go with the people closest to me and try ... in high school , sensors ' worlds center around sports , music bands , inane television shows , movies , celebrities , clothes , pets , family , favorite foods , colleges , careers , and what other people are ... hahaha i would never let myself consciously be pressured by society , hell no . but yeah , thanks . and yepp , my best friend is an entp . love him to death . well , i don't know . i feel like we like any person that will stay around long enough to listen to our crazy abstractions and theories . xntx's will do that . entp's are good listeners when it comes to ... ha , you sound like my best friend . but yeah , now that i think about it i don't know either . i don't know what i'm apprehensive about or why i even think its all that important . i seem to have this ... i misspoke , i like her , but its fucking frustrating sometimes to talk to her when she has no idea what i am talking about . you're right it'll be to someone ; might as well be to someone i know . thanks , i think you may have helped me make this decision . yeah , i can trust her . i just need to think about it more . yeah , i should have made it more clear . i do want to have sex with someone , and sooner than later . this is a good opportunity to get some practice in for when it really counts . and plus , i'm at least ... i am in a precarious position . there's this girl . she wants to have sex with me . i'm reasonably sure at least . we've hooked up before . she likes me , is looking for a hookup buddy , and wants to lose ... thanks ! i've recently been doing a lot of thinking and decided on a either a political science and philosophy double major or a political science major with a philosophy minor . political theory has ... i'm extremely interested in philosophy , as a lot of us are . i really , really want to study philosophy in college , but i also like money . what jobs and job areas employ a lot of philosophy thinking ? ... alas i am dead ... wait ... nope , not yet . i almost never display emotions on my face . my psychology class recently called me out on this . we played a game where we had to display an emotion written on a card with our faces only . the rest of ... i absolutely love doug stanhope . he's absolutely brilliant and has a no bullshit attitude , just like carlin . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QsPDT5qHtZ4 my best friend is an entj and he is ... where do i begin . smart , capable , strange , charming if he wants to be ( especially with women ) , motivated , all about doing . although , he tends to take a bit too ... no , i don't agree . yes it is possible there is a god or supreme ruler but also it is extremely unlikely . so i might as well just say one doesn't exist . it could , but probably not . so , i'm an intp with my second weakest function being introversion , sitting at around 50 % . if it matters to anyone , my ordering is ntip , the armchair general . i like to win , moreso i like to conquer ... i've recently fallen a bit for this girl , in that wholesome , silly schoolboy way . i don't know what type she is , i think an infj or intj . it's close , her t or f is definitely her weakest function ... 1 . ) 40 living at home in their parents basement . 2 . ) 40 year old virgin 3 . ) socially deprived 4 . ) game addicts 5 . ) atheist 6 . ) geniuses 7 . ) anti social 8 . ) perverts 9 . ) nerds 10 . ) computer ... @ niccolo machiavelli winner ! i must say i agree with you on most of those counts . i don't know.first off , i don't think that psychological surveys are a viable choice serious scientific research ... like what 10characters ? i would like to hear these flaws , food for thought . meh . i'm really only interested in theory . i happen to be very good at the hard sciences , but i really don't give a shit . they simply don't interest me . plus , i don't think i'd have the patience to ... ahh i really didn't mean it as something i do often . but i can . last week i had an interview for a scholarship and i masqueraded as an entj . i should have gotten an oscar for the performance . it was ... now that i've got your attention , does anyone have the uncanny ability to be able to feign any other type . i mean its really draining and stuff but if it is something important i can pretend be ... my personal experience has been okay in high school so far . i've known the same people since kindergarten and grown up with / around them . i think if i hadn't been kept with the same group of people ... '