' loss . then remembering that loss because of the goddamn si . here's five cents from an intp without a relationship background . you want to get back together with him ? meet up - or at least bring up the thought of meeting up in your conversations . we ... here's a small story . there was a guy called steven ( enfp if you ask me ) , who decided to be the host of a food review show on buzzfeed ( now now , don't get triggered by hearing that word . just bear ... is andrew intj / istj or am i just imagining things ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rNuIOpfA2HA for some reason i have never found those engireer and mechanical type gifs quite interesting in this thread . but i think i finally found the equivalent for myself . so immensely satisfying , but maybe ... is there supposed to be a number in all of these , or did i just learn i might suffer from a color blindness ? funnily , those are also the vibes i get from her . enfp and isfp ( her mannerisms remind me of young britney spears , an isfp ) , so i completely get you . there was also a mention somewhere in the video ... is this person enfj ? also , she reminds me of saara aalto for some reason . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cIEUQaSPUQU https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fsF7enQY8uI i appreciate your take on the issue . wow .. over half hundred views but no replies .. is this a hard topic to handle or what's going on here ? perhaps you can help me in this situation . i'll try to keep it brief so a text wall is avoided . i've befriended a female isfj . when in a group setting , she very often searches my company . she's ... goddamn i'm frustrated - her personality type's at the tip of my tonque but i just can't get it out . help me out here . what's the personality type of pushinguproses ? here's a few videos .   ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=84FXNlVjMZI lol : laughing : ^ this is the experience with my master's thesis currently . these videos gave me some [ energy ] but i need to use [ rest ] now . goddamnit ... homework , you won this round .. you can have criteria , just don't narrow them too much . back when i was your age i had the idea that if i had a girlfriend she should have blonde hair . looking back at it now , it was a stupid ... while rushing towards lunch which happened to be closing for the day very soon , you see your female infx neighbour at the street , looking in a distress . your eyes meet and you wave her with a bit of ... this could easily be done in my family line any day now .. but damn with all the sensors .. they don't seem to see the splendor in such an event . a year or a few down the road and this chance may ... i want to move to ireland . and now i can't stop laughing : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B9a3UA6Jrgk here's another one , though not as good as the previous : dude , this was like 8 years ago , shakira's hit song hips don't lie had come and gone .. i wonder where they are now , or if they even are in each others lives anymore .. such a time leap . cocky , sarcastic with a devil may care attitude . possibly irritating at times . but smart and intelligent when he puts his mind into something . this is when he turns into a overachiever nerd .  ... i feel you . overwatch is a nice example of this - hana ( d.va ) tickles my crush tendencies towards strong females with an over the top / slightly cocky attitude , and tracer basically sums up my crush ... let's share annoying stories .. who knows , maybe someone gets annoyed by them . this annoyed me : i was sitting at an anchor block alone with several strangers scattered around me , enjoying a ... have you heard of an upcoming game called steep ? if you haven't , go check out the e3 demo at youtube : happy : i think i even hear the trolling music somewhere .. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hDLkrQvmvd0 intp , bordering on infp . i guess it must be because of the hsp properties . i remember the thinking - feeling percentage was more towards thinking in the past . 33 % extraverted - 67 % ... these are all very interesting experiences , i loved reading them . i liked especially the one with the astral kiss . sounds so romantic .. : 3 mind is such a powerful tool . even though our ... this ^ if it has wool , i can't wear it . 1 . i'm very sensitive to strong smells , but in turn like nice and thin scents and natural smells like the forest at a moist morning . i can smell the unique body smells each person has ( i'm not ... move on forward . i know it can be hard but you should do this . find someone who gives emotional comfort ( is there for you emotionally ) and validation to you and only you . this guy here says he loves ... every night . i remember them most of the time . not always though and not every single one of them . dreams have a very important part in my life , especially the ones that feel significant . some other ... i don't know if this counts as a confession , but i have to confess i saw the most intriguing dream last night . in the dream i was watching a random home video about a 90 ' s town when i realized i ... i like a clever and witty partner - i'm wise and live by the night - others view me as headstrong and passionate - my sexuality is calm - and i view death as a calm state . some were right and some ... i miss a person . threads are just abstract concepts . o-kay ... * whispers to the secretary * see to it this doesn't reach the newspapers ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KHzbcl_jgU8 look at this .. look at this and admit you want to play this game . you create fully operational amusement parks ! he was gone for like 12 hours or something . had a sleep paralysis once - or perhaps it was an out of body experience .. it was evening and i was tired and fatiqued . i threw myself to the sofa and laid my eyes for a moment . it didn't took long ... :p roud : first , i'd want to know who are the girls that have had crushes on me . they're out there somewhere . second , i'd want to read their thoughts - what is it that they find so irresistible in me ? ... you just need to become the token female in the group of it guys . it's not an impossible process . being inapproppriate ? not if you're one of the guys . if that's what you mean by sending ... * sees the truck returning from the horizon , while uplifting western music plays in the background * what ? you forgot something ? nevermind .. since it looks like you're not going to drive anywhere , ... * sees a truck driving to the sunset , while dramatic western music plays in the background * * lights a small cigar * bye . i agree with you , starvingautist . even though things are pretty much .. meaningless , it's not a reason not to find meaning in anything . the more i grow , the more i see how meaningless things are ... intp and enfp 528250 damn , i kind of miss the enfp gal .. well , i can take comfort in the fact that she's not missing me . or you are the test tube . is that annoying ? i listened to it again , sober . yeah , it kind of loses it's musical context when there's not melody in the background . here's the original song , i kind of mixed the lyrics .  ... that's one steamy infj voice .. wow . '