' i'll take your word for that . i have no interest in socionics , just mbti . well , personal taste is the mysterious part , since it can't be explained , it just is or is not . i've noticed , ... did you mean enfj ( in the thread title ) or enfp ( in your posts ) ? not that it matters . both types can be a good match for istp , depending on the individuals . my one piece of dating advice for mbti ... i'm sorry to hear that . :( i'm not an esfj but with inferior fe i am actually very sensitive to feeling left out . it doesn't make me feel angry , it makes me feel sad and depressed . actually , it ... i relate . i'm very much the same way , at 37 . i've spent my thirties living on the road ( truck driving ) and abroad . while i've been off doing crazy things most of my friends have settled into careers , ... really good analysis . i was oblivious to people until i was teenager and got some ni and fe developing . i'm still not as intuitive as nfs , i need a little experience and observation of a person ... i think in general that's good insight , that si would be more likely to recall a pond it had seen before and ni would be more likely to visualize an imaginary pond . i think that might be a good ... i know these passages well . i agree with you . i didn't say that jesus didn't judge things , i'm saying he didn't condemn people . and neither will i . i won't use old testament scripture to rub ... good advice . i do those things on a regular basis and the truth has cost me dearly . but this isn't a self-pity thread . ;) as far as understanding your position , i've just encountered too many ... i'm not oversensitive . fact . it takes a lot to get a reaction out of me . you've managed to do so . congratulations . ;) i see your point . yep . i'm not saying all religions are totally true ( otherwise i would not have chosen just one for myself ) but that there is some truth to many or most religions . i wouldn't insist that every ... i respectfully disagree . to continue the discussion of this matter we should take up the conversation in a philosophy or religion or debate forum , though . to be honest , i don't have a lot of time to ... maybe that . . . not too near at all . i think we should be friends . ;) i love this post . i love your ideas here and you've expressed many things i've thought but never been able to express . i love what you said ... exactly . jesus was killed by spineless authorities caving into an angry mob who were offended by him . and the bible tells christians to expect the same treatment , as in don't be surprised by it . ... i totally agree with that . sounds like we're on the same page there . humility is not enough in itself , the purpose is to love , but humility is the foundation , and those who think they love but don't ... jesus said not everyone who says to me lord , lord will enter the kingdom of heaven , but those who do the will of my father . so much wisdom in a short and simple sentence . those who put on a ... it disgusts me , too , and i'm sorry it happens to you . this thread interests me , because i'm a ( catholic ) christian , don't have any intellectual conflicts with the christian faith , but having major ... i can't think of anything an istp would like less than a random hug . i don't know him well enough to hazard a guess but i just think it's worth mentioning that some of his qualities and quirks may be related to his culture . vermont is a very unique place . for one ... you said let me know if i don't have time or don't want to answer . i said i don't owe it to you to let you know if i'm intending to answer or why . that is weird . i don't know why you've called me ... if i wanted to discuss it i would have responded in the thread months ago . and i don't owe you any closure on it . being dragged back into conversations that were over a long time ago - in real ... could be . that's exactly what happened to me , and to an istj friend of mine . it happens for many reasons , and especially in people past their early twenties , after they've had time to develop some of ... hey , i'm going to have to give this some more thought ( when i'm not so tired ) but just off the top of my head , fi-doms do have incredible inner strength , but they don't necessarily feel strong or ... i would agree . what you're describing sounds a lot like what a friend of mine described when we were recently comparing the things we notice upon walking into a room . i notice the lighting , the ... huh ? i'm not following your logic . and weren't you posting as an istp yourself a few days ago ? if i were in your shoes i would want to learn some more about all these things before trying to help ... okay . gotcha . thanks for clarifying . i do like this chart a bit better than some others i've seen . one widespread system pairs me up with te-doms . i think the theory is that te and ti are somehow ... you're not an istp . :) i found it really helpful to read your comparison of yourself and your husband . great observations . and i love your inability to lie . :) compared to your husband ( who ... different people of the same types have very different tastes , in friends and relationships , and for very different reasons . there are certain combinations that often attract and certain others that ... okay . thanks . i just wanted to agree with your idea about infj without wanting to reject intj just yet . the more i think about it , the more infj seems like a strong possibility . she seems to have ... i'm not personally ready to say definitely not this-or-that yet , but i agree , infj sounds like a strong possibility , one that should be seriously considered . this is true . i have many ne-using friends and family - both nfps and sjs - who just love jumping around and playing in stacks of ne and it's excruciating for me . ;) i think we can safely conclude ... that makes perfect sense . even though the types you're getting seem like complete opposites , they're not exactly , since they do use all the same functions , like you said . ( for example , i don't see ... doom don't feed the trolls . :) it's been a long process but i think we may finally be clearing up your confusion . i admire your persistence , the way you've handled yourself , and actually ... haha . i love the illustration ! so , what i described in the second part ( in case it isn't obvious ) is classic inferior te , which is something that every single fi-dom i know personally or have talked ... everything you're describing sounds like ni to me . ni is a more focused intuition than ne . ne doesn't come to conclusions , it expands ideas and multiplies possibilities . ( which as an ni user i find ... great insights , ! the way you describe the way you process feelings alone and how you feel talking to a trusted friend but are very private otherwise , that's exactly like my close infp ... strong se trusts what it experiences as facts . i look at the picture and i see the girls ' clothing and i don't like it because it's outdated and i feel sorry for them living in a time when girls ... maybe not . but fe as well as te is basically driven to affect the world around it , and ( mature ) fe-doms generally are very hardworking and disciplined , they take their responsibilities seriously , but ... it may be a random theory but it does make perfect sense . i might even believe it . we all get in trouble when we skip over our auxiliary ( second ) function and just use our first and third . i could ... that helps narrow it down , and i would agree with that . i see more ne / si in you than se / ni , i'm becoming somewhat confident of that . infp is definitely a possibility . i am absolutely not someone who needs to control my surroundings . that's a te / fe thing . i'm someone who absolutely must be in control of myself at all times , and free to act within my surroundings ... i'd never really thought about it before but i can see where this could be a confusing pair ! the most basic difference that's coming to mind is that infps tend to be horrified at the thought of being ... interesting . why not ? i'm interested to hear your thoughts . you are a strong f , you seem to relate to si ( if i understood your comment correctly ) , and you respect people who are serious and ... it is certainly relevant . it could make you sound more formal than your true personality , especially since most of your experience with english is in a formal setting . not everyone thinks of those ... doesn't prove anything , but economics is sort of by nature an ntj field , it seems to me , and statistics an ntj / stj field . at any rate , i have an entj friend who majored in economics and an estj ... hmm . yes . at least , it's consistent with everything else we've discussed so far and consistent with what i've seen in other people of similar types . being even-tempered is a great quality ! my ... vangis i see what you're saying , and it sounds like you know her and yourself well , which is a formula for a good relationship . so is the ability to wait . it puts my mind at ease knowing that she ... okay , fair enough , but i'm not convinced of it myself , just presenting a case for the possibility . i do think it's likely that you're an esfp or enfp . i'm leaning toward extroversion . brainstorming is an ne activity . that and the fact that you don't like to be creative / improvise leads me to believe you're not an ne dom , or any exxp type . i agree that you definitely sound like a ... so ? :p that's perfectly compatible with enfp . dominant ne is a lot going on inside my head ( at all times ) , and enfps can mistake themselves for introverts because they do need alone time to just be ... '