' the bolded part is important . if the other person is not willing , then you're just wasting your time and energy . you also need to know when you're being played . that's a judgement you have to make . ... no , i don't . the internet gives you a sense of anonymity under which i hide . with the exception of certain close friends , i'd never tell anyone too much about me , even if they ask me . hopefully , i'll ... the second but i'm not sure how happy i'd be in a relationship where i had accomplished nothing . accomplishing something is directly tied to my self worth . in the end , for purely personal and ... i can't describe faces very well either but i'm pretty good at identifying people as long as i've seen them a few times . sometimes all i need is a split second glance and i'd be able to tell who the ... i call my best friend or i'd keep it to myself and try to deal with it somehow . it's tough but i've got over 20 years of experience doing it . lol , that's something i would never even consider ... high 120s , low 130s . how useful the iq score really depends on what field you're involved in . having a high iq would be really good if you were in a science related field , not so much if you were in ... i don't know how to phrase this but you come across as this white knight type person . this is not a bad thing but it can have a negative impact . just be her friend . call her once in a while , text ... to be honest , i can't really think of something that shocked me . i think this is because i'm somewhat of a pessimist and my parents were always telling me about the dangers of the world . i don't ... yea , i get what you're saying and its happened a few times . i don't let it show that i'm too bothered about it irrespective of how i feel . if someone is really trying to pick a fight with me or make ... i know that feeling . its doubly hard when you're an introvert . phoebejaspe's post has got it spot on . i saw a post about this on reddit.com and thought it'd be an interesting question to post here . how many of you feel that if you feel really really strongly about something , you can affect it ... its a paradox of sorts to me because i don't like people snooping around trying to find stuff about me but i can get really curious about other people . there have been times i've done recon on ... well , i used to be bad at math until i got interesting problems that forced me to look at math of my own will . its a lot more interesting learning co-ordinate geometry and projectile motion equations ... well , i believe you can have great jobs if you're willing to look for it . that's great cause i know a lot of people who've jumped into stuff for superficial reasons ( money , location , status etc ) ... not a fan though i like couple of her songs . she's pretty creative though . cynicallynaive : going to school and college is the safe option . to make it without them , you need to be talented and willing to work hard . personally , i'd only agree to someone dropping out if i ... plenty of times . whether i act on it is a different thing though . i'm generally careful with money . i don't make any expensive purchases without careful analysis . that said , there are scenarios where i do things without looking at the price even . it always has to ... imo its both . genes determine the probability and tendency for you to be something . the way you grow up , your surroundings , your experiences , your habits etc shape how you become . for example , given ... your family i'm fairly myself with them . they don't really understand me all that well and i'm not comfortable discussing personal problems with them . so i wouldn't say we are very open but we get ... getting back at someone requires knowledge about the person . since he's been your friend , you may know stuff about him that could hurt him . its different for different people and i don't think you ... well , i don't really have a problem being with people one on one if i know them well . at that stage , they know what to expect from me and i know what to expect from them . its uncomfortable with ... nallyha : i'm working on a numeric language .. :-) i don't think so . however , i believe looks ( among other things ) have an effect on your self confidence and self esteem which in turn affects the way you behave in public . infp are supposed to be very creative people . i think i've lost my creativity . i say lost because my parents say that i was a creative kid . this when i was really small so i don't remember it . either ... i don't think that there is actual physical pain . the high emotional pain gives you that impression . painkillers here would not work because of that . alcohol and drugs can affect the emotional side ... same here to an extent . its a contradiction for me . in a group setting , i'll want a bit of attention but if i end up getting it , i'll feel embarrassed and discomforted ( is this a word ? ) . the ... no surprises here . it almost physically hurts for me . i end up berating myself to man up . rubyet life is so much simpler when you're not emotionally attached to someone . feeling unsure and slightly depressed and trying to tell myself not to jump to conclusions . i should go to bed now . i've been in a similar position where i had to choose between a girl i wanted to spend time with and doing something that would advance my career . i chose the girl and i'm still not sure i made the ... this is much easier said than done though . you can try and rationalize it but at that point in time , it will feel like its your loss and not theirs . someone telling you that there are better people ... robitussin very true . you begin to learn very early what is and what isn't expected behavior from a guy . dear person , i'd just like to say that you're such an awesome person . you have no idea how much i think about you and how much i look forward to meeting and interacting with you each time . i just ... i wouldn't say embarrassed but disconcerting sometimes . particularly because i'm a guy and that's not how the stereotypical guy is supposed to be . i don't show this in public but in private i end up ... i was looking up mtbi and found this site on google . well , one thing i do is to ask open ended questions . to be honest , i'm not too good with this as well . i tend to rely on the other person to carry it . i'm generally quiet in group conversations ... english , russian , some french and a couple of indian languages . living in different parts of the world helps when it comes to learning languages . i'm exactly like this . i never initiate anything except in rare instances . i'm pretty talkative one on one though . its just a comfort thing i guess . i'm not sure i get the special part . do they ... hey young me , i know your slacking off in school right now and mum and dad are trying to get you to study harder . don't listen to them . you're doing fine . be happy about yourself . you're fine the ... well , to be fair , its a pretty extreme situation . i wonder how other types would respond in such a situation . i'd beg and plead with them . try to appeal to their good side , make some sort of deal etc . however , if the person proceeds to divulge it , he / she had better be prepared for the consequences , i will ... hmwith no worries , i should have worded that last sentence better . hmwith its a valid question . something i am genuinely curious about . i know a few people that are absolutely terrible at keeping in touch . this is not something that was specific to me ( i was ... hmwith i'm curious where you got the idea that i was pretentious . interesting . i find enfps to be like slippery rabbits . we'll have this deep meaningful conversations but then they completely vanish and i'm left scratching my head . the first one i knew drove me up ... well , i bottle up my negative emotions . i'm not sure about acting out . i've a feeling that we'll probably have different views on what exactly it is . what do you do when you act out ? as for me , i ... remus lupin . i identify with him on so many levels . ideally , i'd like to be like sirius or dumbledore . i'd love to have dumbledore's charm in social situations . well , i'm in computer science and i love programming . a lot of infp are unsure of what they want to do but luckily for me , i've always been sure that this is what i've wanted to do . a lot of people ... i did . i typed myself as intj and then intp . intp actually isn't that far of the mark because i generally act like one in public . hanging out in the infp forum is what finally convinced me of my ... i relate to some of it . specifically the relationship ones . i'm not sure how to deal with it either . its one thing to have positive self talk but what something really is wrong and something must be ... '