' do you guys have issues with making choices ? i feel bad . i got a drink from the bar tender tonight within like ... idk 30-45 sec , my hispanic gay friend had to stand there with her wallet out towards the bartender for like , 45 minutes before ... was about to die due to lack of coffee . * sips * doctors say im doing much better now best day i've had all day i didn't know you were a himalayan salt pen holder , thats crazy that you can type . well , for instance my situation right now , is i asked a girl out , and she said she was hella busy for the next three weeks but would love to go out when shes free , so ... i've been questioning ... i have lied to spare someones feelings before , and i felt like crap i have been honest with someones feelings before , and i felt like crap now days i usually try to put my feet in their shoes ... if your life was a movie , what kind of movie would it be , and has it started yet ? if your life was a movie , what kind of movie would it be , and has it started yet ? if your life was a movie , what kind of movie would it be , and has it started yet ? if your life was a movie , what kind of movie would it be , and has it started yet ? if your life was a movie , what kind of movie would it be , and has it started yet ? pretty good , not wonderful or terrific , but pretty greaaatt .. until i found out one of my class mates / childhood friend from kindergarden had passed away ... so preeetty freaking bad :( notus asphodelus change one thing in your day , every day . doesn't matter how big or small the thing is , but change something :) just slowly putting my life together , day by day :) yep . your too nice alrighty guys i have an ethical question i've been stuck on for awhile now , as a single 24 year old enfp ( or for any single adult for that matter ) , what are your thoughts and views of dating multiple ... i'd like to imagine i have such an effect on people , but i also have a hard time looking at myself objectively so ... guess ill never know since you know her well ( ish ) , invite her out to do something that you know she likes , or would be interested in :) random thought , but i've been reading and researching a lot into body language , and have found that if your in front of someone you don't like , or if they are looking at you , you'll tend to cross ... happy , excited , tired , a little nervous teemo units ? well im very gude about not putting multiple demands on people at the same time , with one exception ... i like to talk through movies > . > sowwie well , i guess i havn't thought about it directly like that , but indirectly its not so much that i don't talk when around introverts . but instead i give them more space more often , while my esfp ... so ... a few things to this if i don't say something on the fly as i come up with it , then i just feel awkward and brain can't get past that thought , i can completely understand having to sit there and ... watched logan with a few of my friends yesterday , was pretty good , not the worlds greatest movie or anything , but pretty good it is a lot easier and a lot faster to be able to get to know people , when they are honest like this , thats for sure . with that being said idk why but i think i personally have a fear of silences , i ... where theres no dead time with awkward silences , and conversation comes easily without effort ? hmmm , yaa i've always been very very good at being likable , but i've not been so good at being interesting . usually starts off with being interesting but somewhere along the lines i / they turn it ... im not interested whenever my friend gets jahova witnesses at her front door , she answers the door naked , works like a charm i never really thought about it , but do us guys show a lot of random signs as well of attraction , like moving hair , or touching something or ... ? i kind of feel like a mess , like all over the place , happy , but still a mess same . being direct , is something i've always adored about you guys err girls * as an enfp , i would never stalk people btw , looove the new furniture , looks great from the yard talk nerdy to me you task manager : laughing : yaa i suppose is a form of validation to me lately , not the only form of validation , but a one and yaaa , int / enfp social event , ill bring the wine , beer , and coffee interesting , i mean that makes a lot of sense , i think everyone likes interesting conversations . but with you , how does one go from just being some random person your having interesting ... * challenges you to a drinking game * uhhh theres gonna be several answers here ... first , you gotta realize i don't like all attention , and not attention , i don't have to be the center of the party . the attention of a girl ... aweee don't feel embarrassed , as a guy who loves attention , i love it when this happens to me bwahahaha i havn't laughed so hard all day well , at least this way , you won't be easily forgotten im guessing with you its all about long in depth conversations ? when you say move physically closer , do you literally walk closer to him , or just lean closer or more eye contact or ? for girls only ; do you touch / play / move your hair , or earrings while around a guy you find attractive , and if so do you do it on purpose or on accident , and do you even notice that your doing it at ... for girls only ; do you touch / play / move your hair , or earrings while around a guy you find attractive , and if so do you do it on purpose or on accident , and do you even notice that your doing it at ... for girls only ; do you touch / play / move your hair , or earrings while around a guy you find attractive , and if so do you do it on purpose or on accident , and do you even notice that your doing it at ... for girls only ; do you touch / play / move your hair , or earrings while around a guy you find attractive , and if so do you do it on purpose or on accident , and do you even notice that your doing it at ... '