' mulan - i think because she felt misunderstood by her family and like she was trying to be who they wanted to be not who she was and i related . the cinema , bookshops or cafes are all good bets with me . i totally get this . not very often , but yeah it freaks me out too . freaks my sister out when i pick up the phone and say hey and then her name before she's spoken . this is on the house phone where ... i used to stress about not being able to find the perfect career and then i read something that said infp's have a tendency to struggle with this because they idealise so much and no career can live ... bart simpson - would love to skateboard like that . plus he's just generally awesome :) i think i type roughly 55/45 e / i so not massively introverted . i do find when i have had a few drinks or am around close friends / family then i tend to act a lot more e than i . i think that generally ... ok thanks , i'll give it a go ! :) so there's a guy i work with who i'm fairly certain is enfp but i can't quite work him out . he's generally happy and flirty with most girls which makes it a little harder i think . we have a fair ... apples yes ! i normally manage to control myself when i start feeling like this but if i've had a drink or several i seem to think it's a great idea to share this sentiment . usually people just put it ... i think i've got better at listening to people . i think infp's especially are capable of listening to people on two levels which makes them good listeners . when someone talks to me i hear the ... i'm not sure , my poker face seems terrible and i always feel like i'm being really obvious . seem better at reading others though when i think i know what someone has it makes me want to play until ... nope . have a good group of friends at home and at uni so never feel like a loner . join some societies this year without anyone i already knew and felt perfectly comfortable talking to new people ... just wondering - thinking the fact we tend to be better at reading people would be an advantage . like it would be easier for us to tell if people were bluffing or not . anyone play poker regularly ? i've done this a few times to people who have crossed a line . but i would say i tried to be fair . i pretty much gave them second , third and fourth chances and i told them why i was annoyed giving ... oral presentation i get this sometimes - generally around revision time tbh . the solution i've found is to get out of my head . if i spend too much time with myself its not good . so my suggestion . get up and get out ... hmm looks like i'm the odd one out . i tend to freeze when i'm thinking intensely . i focus on something without really seeing it and can stay in the position i started for a good hour or so before i ... you are 61.1 % good . you are 2.6 % lawful . alignment : neutral good you do the best good that a person could be expected to do . you are devoted to helping others . you are willing to work with ... tends to happen when you talk to an infp . ^ yeah i hate that . i cry over the most ridiculous things and then 5 mins later i'm fine but people around me are like wtf was that about ? i think generally though infp can give off a kind of vulnerable vibe while inside we know we're strong enough to deal with a situation should it arise - people underestimate us . i quite like that ... there is a type of jellyfish that can age backwards . all that is gold does not glitter , not all those who wander are lost ; the old that is strong does not wither , deep roots are not reached by the frost . from the ashes a fire shall be woken , a ... in my opinion people get too hung up on which ' type ' they should be dating . it's like they're trying to find a short cut in love and skip to the happy ending with minimal effort and no hearts broken ... foetus position facing the wall - having difficulty sleeping if i face the room . door's always closed but then it is a fire door so don't really have a choice . we signed it quite a long time ago and we were all getting along fine then . and i guess a lot of the stuff that's bugging me about them now are things i didn't realise at the time if that makes ... hairspray everyone i was with loved it and i couldn't understand why . was wondering how you deal with people you don't like or that try to use you ? written a specific situation below but any general comments are helpful if you'd rather not read it all . i'm ... apparently it's not uncommon for an infp's to take the test and then query whether or not they actually are an infp . for me i think i took a good 4 or 5 different test's before i actually decided it ... ^ yeah that's true but in my opinion facial expressions are easier to fake but the eyes always give you away . the eyes say what the person sometimes can't . just had to give a five minute presentation the other day . it was truly awful . my voice cracked several times , my mind drew a complete blank and i couldn't stop fidgeting . i literally had to script ... visual , some images just can't be described to the same standards . when i think about a god he often ends up looking something like morgan freeman , i think the film bruce almighty may have something to do with this . but yeah he's definitely a man . for me i feel like i can tell everything i need to know about a person by listening to them talking and looking at their eyes rather than the whole of their face . i think its also a lot easier to ... jacqueline wilson - she was just awesome :) i've always been at the heavier end of the bmi scale so would never describe myself as slim . 1 ) perceiver - infps are often disorganize , hence take irregular meals i do this so much more at ... ' the faster you go , the shorter you are ' - einstein you fail to recognize that it matters not what someone is born , but what they grow to be . - albus dumbledore ' it's a dangerous business , ... ^ i think i may have given you the wrong impression . i'm only seeing one of the guys - the other two are just friends and i know that's the way they see me too . i'm doing a heavily guy dominated ... lol that's so true . actually that would make sense . because my best friend ( guy ) who does this to me quite often says stuff along the lines of ' i think i need to take a module is ... so i've noticed recently that most of my close guy friends seem to listen to what i'm saying , do a slight head tilt and smile and nod along . it's usually when i'm having a mini-rant about something ... 26468 26466 26467 26465 first three not sure what order - ' no ' , ' not ' , and ' stuck ' . i used to crawl backwards and get my nappy stuck under the sofa and worked out yelling stuck meant my mum would come quicker than if i just ... from some vague distance memory i remember that infp's tend to be middle children . i'm the youngest of three and the second born is an enfp not sure about my oldest sibling but she's definitely not ... the way i see it you have three main options . 1 ) do nothing 2 ) get out 3 ) change things from what you've said i'm assuming getting out and doing nothing aren't really options and you're ... chicken run it's the film i always watch when i'm upset or when i need motivating . this result does actually surprise me a little . i guess i was expecting most people to say they were good liars but it's not something they are willing to do except in certain situations - which i ... for me i've always thought i was a terrible liar and i tend to avoid it unless it seems necessary but when ever i have told a white lie here or there no one queries it . i guess for me i find it ... well i'm currently studying physics at uni so generally i quite like it but must admit i get bored with the excessive amounts of derivations of equations - although it makes me happy when it does ... that would make sense - more sense than i was just ridiculously perceptive anyway . '