hahaha ! well , i guess i agree with you all , it kinda depends on the situation and mood . yippy ; hmm , i guess that's true , maybe i am ! hmmm , maybe i should have phrased the question more like , how ... i'd probably be one of the first to get infected , because i'd want to make friends with the zombies ! they're just trying to give us hugs , they're misunderstood creatures . oh jeez this thread ! ! maybe if i get new pictures .. then someday .. ! ! i'm not sure if you guys can relate , but i seem to take everything seriously ! i may act all silly on the outside , but when it really boils down to it , i am really serious . i sometimes even take jokes ... i like plain old green tea the most . maybe i just haven't had enough tea in my day , but i really enjoy it . c : bwahhh i understand that too well . things i say are easily misinterpreted . i realize that i want to be my own person , but i can't ! i have friends , but somehow its not enough . i'm not sure what to do ... i get this a lot , too . i just kind of examine my peers and analyze what they're doing , and watch from the sidelines as a story takes place in front of my eyes . i'm not an actor , i'm merely one of the ... melodygirl ; no , not at all ! i appreciate you took the time out of your day to read and reply kindly to me . i really appreciate it ! :) thank you , that means a lot . yes , you can , haha , that would be ... melodygirl ; yeah , i guess you're right . i guess i should cool my head for a little while until then haha melodygirl ; thanks ! ahh , maybe i'm overthinking things ? so this may be a bit long , but please bear with me ! i've had this good friend for years now , and we really get along well . we have similar interests and have a grand old time talking . he doesn't ... that's true .. i guess i have to share , at least sometimes . no , thank you ! i appreciate your replies a lot . :) aww , that's really relieving to read , haha . thank you for the kind and thoughtful words ! i guess my reluctance also stems from wondering if people will care or not , or if they'll say something that ... nachos lunchable .. > __ > aurorum ; i find it scary to talk to someone who seems intimidating , intense or invasive , when they must know what i think , or talks so much i can't get a word in . instead , i like it when someone is ... ddr and stepmania are super awesome , no doubt . i also am upset when there's not enough space to set up my metal dance pad . if it keeps you healthy , happy , and social , i personally don't see it as ... it happens to me all the time , without me knowing it . i subconsciously pick up traits and mannerisms of people i admire , and sometimes i notice , other times i don't . it's kind of hard , because that ... i was just thinking about this ! my best friend is and infj , and we get along super well ! we are dorks together about the tiniest of matters , hehe . i'm glad to know its a thing , hahaha . my humor is warped , like everyone else here . sarcastic or weird things randomly come to mind , and i don't even have the courage to say it all sometimes - occasionally i say stuff under my breath .  ... i'm actually going to do anthropology , with a possible focus in archaeology , myself . i really love understanding the origins and thought processes of people . i really want to do an art minor ! it's ... three that i know of , i might know more . one is my mom , and two of them are my friends that i get along with really well , we just sorta understand one another :) ) well , to a degree , lol . i feel like ... hehehe , well it's great to know i'm not alone on this . c : it's comforting in a weird way , to know i'm not the only observer , hehe . it's totally hard to , though , i don't like anyone in my mind > __ > ; i feel really selfish a lot of the time , and i hate it ! i wish i could care more about others . thay ; ahh i love george carlin ! i totally get the mood thing . it also depends on how brave i decide to be that day . haha . it really depends on the people there , though . haha ! i mess up buddy ... thay ; haha , you still probably know more than i do ! xd i can't remember any celebrity names at all , i guess its just not in my realm of interests . i try to do that too , though . if i don't know ... yess , i love the mysterious deep sea , it has such an unusual , transcendental vibe . i totally love it , even though it seems like a scary place to be .. thay ; oo , yeah i get that . people warm up to me pretty easily , i think . which is nice , but , i still feel distant somehow . sometimes i feel like they just like me for some qualities i portray , so when ... once , i swear my brother's laptop got possessed . it was new , and so we were checking out the webcam function . my parents called them to dinner or something , so i was left by myself to check myself ... right ? ! i totally agree . maybe it's just paranoia ? haha can't let anyone in on private thoughts ! > > < < mike 75 ; i totally get that . * _ * ; i'm always an observer . sometimes i zone out in the middle of the conversation , even though i don't mean to disrespect them . sometimes they notice and i feel pretty ... i know exactly how you feel . it really sucks . :/ i had childhood bullying / psychological trauma too and i feel like it never really goes away , even if it seems unimportant to everyone else . i feel ... i sleep . xd i feel like i constantly try to relax . playing video games , petting my cat , surfin ' the net .. i don't do well with stress ! ; whenever i think i'm talking loudly , everyone thinks i'm mumbling . when i'm with close friends and trying to talk quietly , apparently i get too loud . what is thisss . i can't win . i'm not surprised by the sheer number of us who stay at home , haha xd somehow i feel unsafe being in different places in town , at least by myself . its weird . i like to write out deep personal thoughts , worries , or random , silly things onto my phone , organize it and never share them . i guess its kind of like an easy spontaneous diary . but that way , ... argh this is hard . : s for anime , i want to say toradora ! , clannad / clannad af , dragonball , yu yu hakusho , and trigun . ( and pokemon ofc ) for manga .. tooo many ! nana , please save my earth , 7 seeds , ... all of you have really insightful responses :) thank you ! / doesntknowofabettermethodthanquotingsoimsorry yeah , you're right , its fun to act as an observer . no one knows what you really think ... i totally understand the feeling , too . i feel that with every job , period of schooling or event that happens , i become a new person , in a way . it's all up to your own resolve and willingness to ... this may be just what i observe and be due mostly to my sheltered upbringing , but .. do you ever feel like you can't connect to the people around you ? i'm typically shy , but after starting ... yeah , i feel what you dudes are sayin ' . my name gets easily mispronounced , and because of that it makes others not want to call out to me . this just makes my self esteem even lower , lol . i don't ... it's interesting , both 4 and 9 speak to me very well , its cool to know other infps are as such :) being unsure and confused if i'm worthy or not . jeez , i just want to have fun and stop brooding ! heck yeah , colette and i would have a great time together . : , d i'd say we would be more so friends since our personalities are really similar , haha . reading about really hardcore stuff .. ; > > even though i'm mostly gentle ( or at least i like to believe ) , i like it , what gives ? xd the fact that reading about ills that hit the nail on the head with me is a little painful . why , why ? ! xd ... or is that just me ? ( <--- oops , another thing , lol ) bahhh , i feel really bad that i can't speak what i think or want to say sometimes . it's like this shield i can't put down no matter what . :/ i think its due to fear of rejection or something , but its ... you really want to contact old friends , but you second-guess yourself and worry over what they might say or if you're going to be bothering them , so you wait until they contact you instead . ummm .. otters ! http://www.cuteotters.com/uploads/otter2.jpg because who can resist such babies <3 quite