' having come into a super feminine phase lately , i fucking love clothes . and really high heels . make up is still on probation but i love anything that makes me feel classy and beautiful . displeasure usually involves a lot of sarcasm and me trying to find the best way to insult you without you realizing it . anger is swearing , shouting , ranting at how fucking stupid people are .  ... surprise , motherfucker ! yeah ! i think it's just a product of you being young . you're what , 17 ? you are still yet a stranger in this world , blah blah shakespeare blah . 1 . n'aww ! that's very nice of you to say so . :) 2 . i think part of it may be that we have different standards than most people because we're not personally involved on a lot of levels . be who you ... people who aren't us can be incredibly exasperating sometimes but you have to remember that there are fuckups in every given group . don't give in to the temptation to use fe / se / ne types as ... ask him bluntly so , do you want in this or what ? if someone i liked did that to me , i'd be in heaven . first of all , i'm sorry for your loss . i hope they catch the bastards that did this . how do i deal with grief ? i usually get very quiet and introspective . i cry . i already know the five stages ... corruption arises because all human systems are made up of human beings , who are programmed to gather as many resources as they can to meet their basic survival needs . things get out of hand when ... i love you guys and your black , black hearts . xd i'm gay , living in a decent size town with a smallish gay community . basically , the only queer contact i get is a lesbian meetup group where we all sit down and just talk , sometimes about a specific ... my family calls me emotional because i have the good sense to address my problems instead of bottling them up so they can screw me up later . * shrug * my friends say a lot that i'm organized and ... intj friends are awesome , the type most likely to call us on our shit :P ignorance of basic human psychology is this thread's overarching problem . if you can't understand why people do things , you're never going to be able to get them to change . those particular ... learn to find their resentment delicious . ;) incompetent bullies . i'm dealing with a some at work right now and it just fucking gals me . everything could have been avoided if they had taken one simple precaution but no . they cracked under ... against all odds , the entj confidence prevails . this can be intimidating to others ; again however , this does not change the entjs unstoppable march . - entj it's hard to nail down just one . for me , it's more like a lot of different books had a hand in shaping different parts of me . grade two - the cam jensen series , about a girl with a photographic ... ready now . you ? :} teaching evolution to creationists ? lobbying the entertainment industry to include more lgbt characters ? stealth editing women's nipples back in to movies and tv so people stop crying when ... kinky entj here . totally a domme . the sound of a crop hitting flesh ? unf ! the trust a submissive gives me when he or she lets me control their actions ? addictive . classics : jane eyre , charlotte bronte pride and prejudice , jane austen emma , jane austen sherlock holmes , sir arthur conan doyle the inferno , dante modern : if she's crying in front of you , she's opening up . that's a good sign . let her do that as long as she needs it . any kind of loss like that is going to be especially hard on an nt type because ... that's kind of a dick move . we're normally more decisive . there's a distinct possibility that he enjoys jerking you around - let's be honest , entjs , we really like control - and his feelings for you ... 1 . i think bromances are awesome and it's sweet to see one develop . 2 . i can play : violin , clarinet , flute , trumpet , bass , and guitar hero drums . watch out . 3 . i'm starting to think that ... 1 . i'm really good at seeing more options and solutions to problems . i . e i'm a polytheist . one god ? no god ? all the gods ! no one knows for sure anyway , so why not ? 2 . i have synesthesia . letters ... i always figured it was a part of my freakish memory . facts check into my brain but they rarely check out . rule with an iron snit ? lose your mind on something loud enough and types who hate confrontation will trip over themselves to avoid it forever more . mayors , presidents , friends , family , he'd tear throats for anyone he considers his own . but loyalty so heavy-handed belongs to an exclusive club . it's only when he's thrown out the brown-nosers , the ... i get sexually harassed by patients on about a quarterly basis , never the same person , impossible to predict , infuriating as hell . what does my boss say the first time it happens ? take it as a ... if i can find a way that i can disengage emotionally from the issue , then it's done . for example , i tried to order a different size letterhead that we basically only use internally at work . boss ... i'd say leo / virgo cusp is a better fit . we're outgoing and self-possessed ( leo ) but we're also analytical and disinclined towards bullshit ( virgo ) three guesses what i am :P not really , no . in general , i'm pleased as punch with myself so someone complimenting me fits with my world view . what are you looking for when you analyze ? are you getting disproportionately angry at small things ? do weird things make you fearful or upset ? anyone here going to admit to that kind of ineptitude , even if we secretly know we do it ? * crickets * thought so . sure there are gender roles . they're a product of generations of expectations and social needs and they're not going to disappear overnight just because the people who don't benefit from them have ... when i see an old homeless man on the street begging , i ... walk past lik i didn't see him when i walk past a child who's smiling , i ... smile back when i see an attractive member of the same ... can't function with it ! lately my boss has been fond of putting on the tv in addition to the soft rock crap radio and then my other boss has his right wing talk garbage blaring in the back . it grates ... she likes slash ! ? ! ? ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ! ! 8D yes it is ! don't fuck it up or i'll fuck you . i'll kill you . okay , i love you . bye ! - my favourite quote of his . for a feeler like you , i can't help but think the process would be like becoming a vampire . sure , you'll be faster ( at making decisions ) and stronger ( with your opinions ) but can you handle never ... okcupid messages . success ! i'm partial to the notion that we incarnate voluntarily , to learn and grow . at all times ? no . as much as is feasible ? sure . but i think what you're getting at is the ability to act like a normal human being in a social environment as opposed to , like , sheldon cooper . sick day over :( mainly general psychology and sex and relationships for the lgbt thread . i don't really care that much about digging around the other types ' subforums . fresh meat everywhere xd 1 . nothing happens to you that you can't handle until the exact moment you can handle it . it may not feel like it at the second it happens but you will beat this . 2 . if you want to know who you ... fuck everything , y'all it's definitely important . i don't necessarily want a girl who's suntanned or a partier but she needs to look put together . beyond that is where the personality factors take over . depends ... '