' ... now i have something to say . i happened to begin my intense interest in mbti and other personality theories around the same time i started sinking into depression . unfortunately , this was not ... thanks so much ! i'm definitely going to keep researching before i 100 % make a decision , but it would make a lot of sense . i think the reason i might have been thrown off for so long is because my fi ... also , i think i just realized i'm an enfp . four toed creed going to write a more elaborate response to this when i'm not on mobile , but i was reading form of the inferior for enps and read this part : holy shit . that is the most ... i feel like everyone has to type as infp at one point ... it's honestly a rite of passage into mbti , haha . as for people vs . systems ... this is a really difficult question to answer because i ... i do want to stress , though - i'm not trying to close myself off to any types ! it's totally within the realm of possibility that i'm an esfj etc . , i just don't think it's the most likely option . but ... probably not se dom , then - i don't relate at all to inferior ni . in fact , quite the opposite . i think of myself as a realistic person in the sense that i have common sense and i recognize the ... whoops , sorry - extraverted perception , so ne and se :) the four toed creed thanks so much for your long response - i read all of it and really appreciate it . i'm honestly a bit surprised ; when i thought i was intj some others seemed to disagree , yet ... ur gay hi , everyone . i haven't used this site regularly in over a year now , and i haven't paid much attention to myers-briggs in the meantime . for several years , i posted on this forum believing that i ... i think op knows that his vocal range will expand as he becomes more experienced , since he asked about that specifically . finding your vocal range , as a beginner , does not mean that is your set in ... what do you think is the difference ? physically , i am the human equivalent of a pink powder puff . i wear heels and mascara to the convenience store to buy toilet paper , and i spend obscene amounts of time making sure my eyeliner is ... from what little attention i pay to the different systems of politics ( as my views are not a result of me identifying with a particular party or movement ) , i'm pretty damn far left . yes , because it means that i and millions of other people have the legal right to marry the person they love regardless of that individual's sex or gender . find your exact overall vocal range and your tessitura ( the range of notes you are most comfortable singing within ) . build a small repertoire of songs that you feel comfortable singing , think you ... yes - precisely . there's this whole inflated idea that intjs all excel at math or science , or are naturally mathematically or scientifically inclined , but that's just not true . intjs often like ... being traditionally feminine , liking makeup , dresses , skirts , heels , the whole shebang ( pun intended ) does not make an intj woman non-intj . for some reason it seems like a lot of people have this ... ... okay ? does her being gay have something to do with her personality type ? if we're focusing on instinctual variants now , my guesses for exo : suho : so / sp - hh is sooo heavy on the social instinct . how else could he be friends with literally everyone in the kpop ... i agree that he's fi dominant , i'm just not convinced either way for isfp or infp . i would warn you away from typing based off of childhood personalities . i was a very rambunctious , trouble-making ... riddle did ultimately prevail over dumbledore , which is something to consider . i've gotten into a very lengthy and heated debate over this with one of my friends , a self-identified gryffindor whose ... k-pop . #sorrynotsorry ixtj type most likely to collect stuffed animals ? what are your reasons for the italicized ones ? i know a lot of people see sehun as an infp , but i don't know , i haven't seen any particularly strong intuition with him - though i think it's ... entp ( father ) + xnfj ( mother ) = intj all of my grandparents except my paternal grandmother died when i was either very young or a baby , but i believe that she is an estj . i have two older ... i just really feel like being reckless right now . i'm going to do what i want when i want , consequences be damned , and i won't plan ahead for any of it because planning is for nerds . if i end up ... i care a lot about my appearance because i'm quite vain , so fashion is , naturally , important to me . i follow trends that i find appealing and interesting , don't care as much about what other people ... female intj most : entp , enfp , infj least : estj , estp , istp isfp . i'll admit that , though i don't jump to conclusions , in the past i had some preconceived notions about what isfjs are like . but having more experience with healthy isfjs , they really are wonderful , ... i'm not super crazy about dancing at a club or a party , but i love to learn specifically structured dances and i do it often for exercise and enjoyment . what a te answer . are you all really how they say ? no . there are a very few people who perfectly embody the stereotypical view of what an intj is , and that is their genuine personality , not a persona they put on to ... let me clarify that my friends don't tell me this because they're mean-spirited or making something up , it's because i ask them . if i think someone is a little shady , i'll ask one of my friends ... i'd go with estp . intj and music , because i love music and make bad decisions . it's come to my attention that a disproportionately large amount of people i am acquainted with actually find me extremely unpleasant . not that i'm particularly surprised by that fact , but the ... you choose to major in it , knowing fully well that you're going to be jobless forever because of it . yolo anyone who's familiar with big bang , the kpop group , what do you think their types are ? the other thread is kind of dead now so i thought i'd make one specifically for bb . though i've liked kpop ... no , i don't think so . if there's any correlation , it's probably with enneagram types . i'm 5 ' 1 , half black , average / curvy build . i have medium / light brown skin , dark brown eyes , and long dark brown hair that's pretty much always a mess . i'm too lazy to do anything with my hair , not ... : wink : i don't think you understand . i'm not totally incapable of being liked or presenting myself in a likeable way . i just don't see the point in being overly concerned with the opinions of those who ... respected , sure , but liked ? it's nice , but not if it comes with a significant price . social presence and doormat status are two completely different things . thanks , i'm new to mbti and didn't realize . / s i've had problems with everyone i've been friends with . i've never been friends with an intj before , though ... so maybe it's high time i go on the ... well , isn't this a judgmental thing to say ? i've had just as many problems with esfj friends as i have with intps . maybe i should just stop having friends , eh ? nice perspective there , i ... do you ever get told that you don't have many traits that are seen as socially positive ... in other words , that you aren't very likeable ? i have an esfj friend , one of my closest companions , who ... enxps , isfps , and intjs . i enjoy music on both ends of the spectrum . my favorite bands are radiohead and animal collective , but i'm a huge fan of one direction , beyonce ... all music is music . i don't see why there has to be ... '