' every relationship has challenges , but perhaps yours has too many , and perhaps this is how mr . intp sees things too . if you need examples , i'm talking about ldr , depression , he believes he won't have ... sometimes i feel peaceful , and sometimes i realize that life is so hard . but not usually at the same time . yes . fantasizing helps . also , in some cases i can change my dream . but some dreams just ... i like to look reasonably tidy and respectable , but other than that i don't really care . i'm naturally good looking , and twice in my life i happened to look hot for a couple of years at a time ( slim , ... yes , absolutely . i didn't even know what anthropology was until i decided to go to university and i read about the courses offered by various departments . as i read the descriptions of anthropology ... or , i don't answer polls because . . . . [ several choices listed ] i am very cuddly and affectionate--at home , in public , wherever--if the other person is willing . some lovers aren't into all that , which is okay too . thank you all for your responses . to clarify , i did go out of my way to offer a listening ear , hugs , visits to people's houses , or whatever seemed necessary . these were not formal things or group ... two weeks ago there was a fatal accident in front of our house . my istp boyfriend ran out to see what he could do . i called 911 and then went outside with him . a few other people came out of their ... where could this possibly go ? at what point would you be willing to confess your feelings or act on them--today , or when he finally blabs to you about his relationship problems , or the day she moves ... i don't think i'm that hypersensitive to rejection by people in general . i'm pretty used to it . i can be hypersensitive to being dismissed ; for example , if i'm wrongly accused , or if someone else ... i'm not a guy , and since you feel you might be in physical danger , i hesitate to give advice . here it is anyway : try being a bit more friendly . not hanging out with them , but just saying hi ( or ... i freelance now , so i don't have some of the work stresses that others might have . also , i never had a career , so i didn't take work too seriously , although i did need to take it seriously enough ... commitment is important , or it can be , depending on the situation and the person . we can't predict the future , but sometimes we kind of want a plan . a non-romantic example : my landlords put the ... i live on a small island in canada . at the time , i was living in another part of canada ( a different province ) . she was supposed to be privately adopted but the adoption wasn't approved in time . i tried several times to get help , including trying to put her in foster care , but the thing about child ... she's doing great . she is one of the sanest people i know . she's done a lot of weird and interesting things , but now she has a good job . she bought a house by herself at age 30 . she has lots of ... yes , i live in what is basically a shack . although the roof was repaired a couple of years ago , other parts haven't been repaired , and there has been damage from many rainy winters . we've had hot ... my daughter is almost 37 . she turned out great , after all my failures , bad temper , some things i'm even ashamed to admit . just do what you can and don't worry too much . as for your batteries--if ... i hated high school : i quit on my 16th birthday and moved to the city . my new life was crazy and hard but much better than high school . i understand that you ( ) don't want to drop out of ... a corner of my house smells like cheese . although i sometimes eat in that area , i'm sure i've never eaten cheese there . what else could smell like cheese--a rotting nut , a dead mouse ? what should we ... my friends on the net who i haven't met yet and probably never will you understand me and you want to be free and you're never run of the mill . sometimes you're mean you're humor's a ... when i was much younger i was very sensitive . now that i'm older i guess i'm still sensitive , but the difference is that i've learned to manage it better . when you're younger you still want to put ... i am with an istp . so far it's very good , and i feel like i'm on my way to actually understand the term partner , which hitherto i have refused to use with regard to romantic associates . i don't ... thank you all for your responses . very helpful . the other night there was a bad accident in front of our house . although istp was by far the youngest person on the scene , he knew exactly what to ... i never had any clothing sense , so i guess i looked like this for many years , even when i was supposed to be well dressed for work , etc . i have always worn a lot of black , just to simplify things . a ... great responses so far . i don't really forgive . if someone offends me , i don't want to be friends with them . but sometimes they remain in my life because they're neighbors or whatever . in such ... our local hardware store is owned by gay guys . they have a nice cafe in there . the store and the cafe have names , but nobody uses the names--it's just i was having a croissant at the hardware , etc ... lying is more hurtful than anything . maybe this is the kind of stereotyping you don't want . but anyway . . . . i was pondering the differences when i was trying to help my friend figure out her entp son . i told her i am a lot like ... i understand about the he is the man thing . but it won't work in this case . you have to do something . invite him for a coffee or something . the other responses are right on . usually something happens that offends / bothers / inconveniences me , and i walk away because i hate confrontation and i can get along just fine without the ... wait till you get old . then everything is a challenge . woo hoo ! flagging : 708658 human flag ( seems like a guy-appropriate hobby ): 708666 also , look up planking on google images . me neither . when people suggest any kind of art or craft ( anything smaller than , say , building a table ) , i aaah ! i like hula hooping and flagging to loud music . also hiking / hanging out in ... people with dating questions often say this . i don't see why it would ruin the friendship . you aren't attacking him physically or crying or trying to manipulate him , so why would he be upset ? just ... yes , sometimes you have to just do . i know what you mean . i had to do a collage for a self-development thing once , and i thought , ew , yuk . but in fact it turned out really great . ( however , it ... although i am intp , i scored very close to the border on the p-j continuum ( i think i was 1 % p ) . my boyfriend is istp . he changes his mind a lot , and it drives me nuts , because i plan around what ... intp female here . yes , it's possible . ask him . it means he doesn't hate you . sounds like he's a bit confused too . maybe he wants to be friends . if you had sex in the past , maybe he wanted to have sex but then decided not to . if you want to be ... i get some flak for this , but mostly i keep a low profile so most people don't know or care whether i care . but yes , people who are close to me sometimes think i'm uncaring . i think it has been a ... overeat . fee fi fo fum red herring in my egg foo yung . yes , i do it a lot . i don't know how much of what i have to say is intp perspective and how much is just me . . . . personally i am never friends with exes . usually i never see them again and never want to . with some ... great advice ! sometimes when i'm afraid to say something , i just pretend i'm someone else--someone who would say such a thing . then after i've said it , whatever comes next comes next . good luck ! what's wrong with songs unsung ? it follows the great tradition of wrongs undone , bongs unbunged , and schlongs unhung . and for you dog owners . . . . kongs unflung . i'm finding this thread very interesting . i'm an editor , and i can see what's wrong with a writer's logic , consistency , means of expression , etc . , etc . but i do admire those writers for being able to ... hint : the fact that it's a wrench is important . i tend to be very slow , until i really learn the job and the entire system ( or work out my own system ) . then i can go really fast . however , in my current work ( editing ) i haven't picked up speed ... like , i don't remember the details that led to the conclusion . if i know i'm going to be quizzed later , i will remember . but if something just comes up in conversation later , then you'll just ... '