' yep , betrayal of trust is up there for me . i don't even give people a second chance if they stab me in the back . also , being wrong i am motivated to think about and research the living hell out of things that interest me . mbti being one of them i actually love drawing / painting and always get told i'm good . i think i could be if i could just get motivated to take some classes . i would also really like to do a degree in psychology or ... i can't give people 2nd chances . if they betray me , we are done . ok , so i've been in a relationship for a while . everything has been fine , except the usual intp emotional unavailability and being expected to attend social events like weddings , which i hate . these ... i want them to go away until i want to see them . it could be in a week , a month or a year . it's selfish but it's what i want . friends turning up at my house unannounced kills me i care about morons killing people in the name of religion . i think religion is ridiculous and completely illogical to begin with , so when someone kills people in the name of their imaginary friend ... when people make illogical conclusions or statements . also , incorrect grammar and spelling . especially when people spell like chavs , just because they are lazy . someone wrote thort instead of ... i find i'm mainly indecisive over the things that don't interest me , which is most things commercial transformation consultant . i go into companies and build a strategy for improving their sales performance . i can be really creative and it's all theoretical , i love it . if i could be ... i think it's really hard to spot another intp because we are social chameleons in a sense . i feel like i have about 5 different personalities that can emerge , depending on who i'm with . i range ... for me it's more like trying to just acquire enough knowledge to understand everything just to satisfy my own curiosity . i'm on a mission to fill in all of the gaps . i feel like there is a status ... the other day , 2 of my friends turned up at my house knocking on my door . apparently they were going to the local pub for a few drinks and wanted to see if i would join them as they hadn't seen me in ... 100 % correct . look up the spotlight effect . tests have shown that people only notice us , our behaviour , how we dress etc a fraction of what we think they do . realising this really helped me get ... it's more around your actions / behaviour being underpinned by solid reasoning . i . e . you take a pragmatic approach , which is most likely to get you the desired outcome for me , although i do think i've become more confident as i've got older , i also think i'm more comfortable in who i am too . i used to worry a lot that i was different and tried to force myself to ... i really try and bite my lip when the subject of religion comes up , but i think this time it's relevant , so ... who is to say that the love you feel for god as a peaceful christian is any ... i love how alike we all are . i spent most of my life thinking that there was something wrong with me for simply being so different to everyone . turns out there are plenty of us and we are all ... and who would be the one to speak first ? and what if i said something and there was just no response ? soul destroying yep , plus this way i get to re-write what i'm saying about 10 times before i post it so that it makes absolute sense / has the right impact etc i think that's a solid no to the chat room idea lol lol brilliant :) i generally don't even answer the phone to people . i just text them after they ring to see what's up exactly , a bunch of intp's on skype = silence . i feel i can express myself so much better when it's written down my overriding fear is one that i experience at work . it's as if i've somehow managed to con my way into my current position and that any minute i'm going to be exposed as someone that has no clue ... that's smart . plus it's an approach that a lot of therapists recommend too ... exposure therapy . i tried it , but it's really hard as you are literally facing your worst fear / s head on . keep at it , ... i do haha :) i can almost see this as a quote on a valentines day card lol sounds messed up . definitely not me though . i think i just bought into too many movies that depicted the perfect relationship and always hoped i'd find the same . i probably just need a reality ... for us intp's , i think we are so disconnected from our feelings that we don't realise we love someone until something threatens the relationship i think everyone has an idea of what their ideal partner would be like , i don't think that it's in any way misogynistic . i tried propranolol too , which did nothing and valium just made me tired . in the end , i tried clonidine , which is an alpha blocker and was recommended by a number of people on forums for social ... when i was younger , particularly through my teens , i was quite emotionally needy . in fact this was the reason why my first really serious relationship broke down . i really didn't handle the ... actually yes . i tried lots of things over a number of years including cognitive behaviour therapy , breathing / relaxation techniques etc . and nothing worked . in fact it got so bad that my fear of ... i developed social anxiety disorder 10 years ago , which sounds similar . worst thing i've ever had to deal with makes sense , but then i can't stop thinking that maybe the right girl is just around the corner , it's so frustrating ! ok so my idea of the perfect girlfriend would be someone that doesn't demand all of my time , doesn't expect me to go to lots of social / family events and understands my need for privacy . at the ... you know this is an intp forum when most of the responses have been about where ketchup should actually be stored :) yea , girls just love guys that don't dance , talk or smile probably obvious but alter_ego simply refers to how i have different personalities depending on where i am and who i'm with . at work i'm heavily analytical but quiet and reserved , lacking ... i think i was kind of doing ok to begin with . we sat on the back row during the ceremony , which didn't last too long . the main problem was the party afterwards . usually , like many of you , i would ... i had to go to a wedding yesterday , followed by a party afterwards and to make matters worse , they were all my girlfriends friends . i didn't really know anyone , plus i was the designated driver , so i ... warning : has no patience for morons or your ridiculous religious beliefs dr gregory house , dexter morgan , rorschach ( watchmen ) i've noticed recently that quite often i zone-out when someone is talking to me . it's like i subconsciously do a check to see if i'm interested in what the other person is saying and if i'm not , ... i can relate to this totally . i have different playlists for different activities , one for the gym , one for the car , one for motivation ... plus , if i'm ever at a party and someone is playing ... this sounds a lot like what i do / used to do for meetings . i used to literally write down word for word what i was going to say , in order to ensure it was properly structured and all of the ... personable , always think i'm right , reserved , sarcastic , aloof i do this a lot . i do it in meetings at work , where i'll fiddle with a pen or constantly flip my phone around in my hand . when i'm watching tv i'm tapping a beat on my cup , when i'm driving i'm ... it's kind if a double edged sword , as i actually do really well in other aspects of my job and i've recently been promoted , but i just feel like self doubt is holding me back from realising my true ... '