' i'm tired of the christmas scene by the time christmas comes around . probably because stores start playing the music and putting up the decorations as early as october ... this year i was like woah ... i thought gossip was just talking about a person who isn't present . it could be a good gossip or bad gossip or neutral gossip . like , hey this thing happened to me when i was with this person . and ... intention of gossip ... interesting . when i gossip it's usually a form of venting . and sharing information . like , this person did this to me and it was lame or that person is a four-letter-word ... gossip is weird . i think the only things i gossip about are if people are really crazy or bitchy or hypocritical or a dick to me . physical , behavioral , and mental flaws in people i do my best to ... wow . lots of the same story going around for this topic . i too review my posts a couple of times before i post them for real . and about 2 more times after i post . i had a weird apocalyptic dream last night . i was at a grocery store with the front all made of glass windows , and all of a sudden there was an earthquake and people were all running around and ... interesting question ... i haven't considered that before ... well let me begin with the bad : not with how's it going ? or what's up ? oh god anything but those ! ! those openings are just ... look at me listen give me your attention this game is fun for me i'm not quite done you , i shall keep watch me move my mouth i'd totally hang out with the maya around the 600ish a . d . classical period . i lied to your face without a care to protect myself like everyone else i've been thinking a lot about flaws lately and was wondering what other peoples ' takes on flaws were too . incoming thought bomb ! there are flaws in virtually everything man-made . no one ... i tend to drop out of conversation when it doesn't go past small talk after a period of time . at that point i start thinking it's a game we're playing and then i get a little anxious and then i run ... i don't think anybody can really know anybody . all we can really know is ourselves . and even then sometimes we don't know how we'll react to something . i think that's a quote from somebody . is ... you're so thoughtful they always say with surprise to which i am bemused how could it be without ? in my experience , teaching has a lot to do with not bullshitting your students . realize that you aren't perfect , so don't expect your students to be perfect . the more genuine you are with your ... dancing dancing tap tap tap music swaying rap rap rap having a good time feeling pretty fine but then ... ! aliens ! not again ... my main game right now is starcraft 2 . been playing around with the new expansion , heart of the swarm , and i can totally lose a couple hours on it at a time ha ha . other games i've really liked ... what to do on sunday afternoon church is done stomach is filled with food nothing much else to do maybe a movie ? none interest me perhaps i'll watch some tv sports ? bleh , none of my teams the self is such an interesting concept to me . i mean what is it ? you can't ( or at least i can't ) narrow it down to just one , or even a few things . we have our public selves , and our private ... authentic . kind . humorous . humble . i'm not that big of a fan of family gatherings . and the biggest reason for that is they all love to gossip negatively about other people . ohmygod did you hear about soandso ! ? even the males can ... i'm actually the opposite . i usually listen very well to people and can remember things they've said from a long time ago . i've learned it's something that comes natural to me . people are ... i'm sure you'll be awesome at it . if you decide to go let me know how it went ! i'm irritated yet fascinated always looking for myself i don't want a mask but once i'm found alas , my own mask stupid paradoxes always chasing my tail but i don't want to catch it i'll be ... sexy souls huh ? hmm i like it . :D how do you like your coffee ? preferable in a poem please :P i'm thankful for these quiet mornings unstructured freedom coffee cup and thoughts here i mill between doubt and certainty walk through possibilities do my own thing just grazing reality racing against the wind fingers entwined i miss that night with your tangled hair and your billowing clothes why you said you were sorry i'm not quite sure as if you could control the gales ... i speak only in riddles . arg i'm so addicted to starcraft 2 ! i think i need to uninstall it . but it's so fun ! but it's like doing the same thing over and over again and i feel like it's getting me stuck . lol . oh ... meaning . authenticity . genuineness . just as long as when i'm old i can look back and say i was able to be myself , whatever that is . that i did something with my life . that i left some sort of ... as the music played her body swayed rolling convulsion symphonic contortion i was mesmerized like a sunset or the ocean waves and the soft breeze i was sensibly pleased yes ! the independence thing was what i was having an issue with . so pretty much all the choices are good then ... and what if i like all those choices too ? ha ha . but i do understand now the ... is it fair to say that infps seem to be really good at idea generation but may have trouble deciding with which idea to settle on ? i guess that's ne ? case in point - i'm dating an infp gal and when ... every now and then tonight is bright lights fast movement lost in the crowd letting loose ryhthm loud intoxicating connecting letting go behold , the power of ni ! but it's a valid question i think . where is the line between what people say about you and what you think about yourself ? i think we need both sides . introvert all the way . i like a lady who is able to do her own thing as well as be together . i'm not dissing clingy types but uh ... i think it's kind of hot if you're not always texting or calling ... you guys are awesome ! i guess there really is no answer to it all . there can't be . people are just too complex for that . i think it relates . honestly this can go in so many directions . ... i think this topic is kind of nf-y but other types please share if you like ! i've been thinking a lot about the looking-glass self lately and i'm wondering if you guys have any other insights to ... i can waste an entire day lounging around the house being unproductive . i'll read , play video games , take naps , internet , watch television ... walking the dog is pretty much the exciting event of ... mirrors difficult to see ourselves unless we look to others reflections run deep they may be false projections but who can tell ? mirrors never lie http://youtu.be/8gLATnbLLLg thinking thinking thinking this overbearing cliff and i'm on the edge i could stay here here isn't comfortable but at least i know what it is the stinging cold below , the unknown i guess quiet intellectual fits . i look for her to be someone whom i can just be comfortable with . we could dress up and go to a fancy party sometimes where we put on snarky personas , but a lot of ... these ancient beasts will always feast upon our souls we have stole from ourselves what we hold is fading fast the past the past we have forgotten what should be known i used to laugh i used to cry my best i tried i used to enjoy life until i questioned , why ? am i right ? what gives me the right ? what's beyond the light ? what just might ... ? i feel so out of place . im at a giant social function with beer and music and people and loud noises ! help me introverts youre my only hope ! i gave you my heart on that plate and what did you do ? it , you did not take instead you sat instead you stared so awkward , yet highly aware and so time passed what works for me is asking questions . ask questions about peoples ' clothes or who they know at the party or what they are drinking or the details of whatever they are talking about . then throw in ... sometimes i randomly dash from place to place in the house . the other day i was getting out of the bed to refill the water and as i walked out the door i got an idea that i needed to book it so i ... '