' hi . i'm dating an entj . let me think about enfp ... nm yes . now , firstly i must say i could never date one of you . it just wouldn't be a healthy relationship . i love enfps , though . yall are lots of ... i haven't yet . college was worth it for me : # 1 - i got a job that i actually like and won't get fired from # 2 - am eligible to get a master's # 3 - gave me an excuse to travel around the world # 4 - got ... nothing . or get a master's . or just start working and start a career of your own imaginings . i actually desire the company of crazy , dancing young people often . i think what it is is a desire for real connection that is hard for me to find or develop . so i put myself in crazy situations that ... what your saying is understandable , but also consider this viewpoint . when you say that to yourself , you are de-valuing yourself . you are worthy of a great relationship just because you exist ! ... i recommend you start thinking about some things . you sound a lot like me a few years ago . these two websites helped me a lot # 1 marie forleo | helping women around the world live rich , happy & ... to counteract your statement ... i think academic procrastination is not as common with older students . i'm talking people who are going back to college after having a family . because they have a goal ... my issue is not complacency . i'm never complacent . i'm always afraid . fearful . and self-doubting . to me , success is fighting against your mind's self-deprecating bullshit . since i was in the ib program ( in my opinion , the best education you can get in the us and it is free ) , i felt college was severely lacking compared to my high school education . just graduated with 2 degrees . now attempting master's degree . organic chemistry microbiology genetics & studying for gre btw , i did not take the biology or chemistry pre-reqs ( convinced ... i have a theory . this is what i do to ace difficult courses # 1 - have a purpose . what is it that succeeding in this class will give you that is a part of your dream or ultimate goal ? if this is a ... the power of now by eckart tolle brazil . something in me says i need to go to brazil ... you need to let her know that you understand how she feels . you connect to how she feels . that's it . that's all you need to say . you've already told her what you think . you don't need to convince her ... i highly recommend the book add more ing to your life by gabrielle bernstein . if you do the exercises in the book , you will be able to answer your own questions . first step , i think , is to stop ... phd doesn't mean anything . it sounds cool but it doesn't mean you get hired . but if it makes you feel better , there are people who are book smart , but don't have the street smarts for going ... i like some of the names you've already come up with . it doesn't really matter as long as it sounds like the vibe and emotion you want people to feel when they enter the store and wear the clothes . ... i am always looking into programs and techniques that will make me more productive . i found some good stuff , but i am looking for something permanent . does anyone have some websites , systems , books ... i'd have a show where i interview seemingly normal people about their life . if something interesting comes out , i'd follow them for a day . like , if i found out a guy on the street loves live action ... fried plantains you are talking to the queen of self-babying right here ! * daily meditation ( 10 minutes ) of some sort * self-massage in warm shower every morning * nails done , hurr done , everything did ;) * ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jjy_7haflaM haturz gunna h8 ! ! ! 1 half the people you know think you're shy and sweet and the other half think you're crazy . hi . i usually don't like posting in here first because if i post here first , i don't know if i just wasted 15 minutes of my time introducing myself to a forum i don't like . after a few days , ... super speed . i love free-running / parkour . it feels incredible to move with speed , ease , and agility through urban jungles and natural wilderness ! yes , if i could choose between reading someone's ... no , you're not the only one . i have been into the paranormal since i was a young girl . i am a dancer and love the general art-kid scene . i love musicals and improv theater / comedy . me encanta ... hi ! i'm glad you're joining us . i can't wait to read your posts . : 3 yep , i got it too . i took my medicine today because i just couldn't handle school . i was feeling so overwhelmed that i skipped class yesterday . i've been listening to black women only lately . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XAtxpZiopA0 i came because apparently your welcome thread is quite popular . mine is in my siggie , too . youtube - peaceudo's channel herro . i think my ex was an infp and i was madly attracted to him . after a while that i and f was just really ... getting to be really annoying for me . and the p . the combination of the f and p and then ... yah i used to have that disorder . it just takes practice . no , it did not come to me naturally . i watched a lot of comedians and talked to a lot of people and it was exhausting work ( emotionally ... lecrae : one of the few talented christian rappers i've heard krs-one : one of the few enlightened rappers and artists in general ! j dilla : just dope as hell royce da 5 ' 9 ' : i just like him ... i love him ! i don't know why people make fun of phil collins lovers :( i say intp . she likes to make plans and imagines each possibility . detail oriented doesn't mean you aren't seeing the future or big picture . my first kiss was on valentine's day . i was 18 . i had never wanted a boy so much in my life . he was the first boy i would day dream about . i'd do that thing in the movies where the guy passes and the ... hehehehe yall make me giggle . i read several books at a time . sometimes i finish some and sometimes i don't finish others . i run my finger along as i read to force me to read faster . i do mark the book if i can be arsed ... i'm sorry , i do not have this problem . it is simple for me to sleep when i am tired . on some occasions , i cannot sleep . it is usually when i am feeling very stressed or upset in my life or going ... hi , i'm an intp female . i also have a youtube channel ! ! let's friend each other : 3 lmaooo oh , oh ... but my best stress reliever is ... lol cleaning bells ! and i love dancing ! and a good , hot , sexy work out ! and hanging out with people who meditate a lot . i also enjoy ... one of the best moments of my college experience is when i was walking to class and i heard a girl say oh man ! i'm totally screwed now that my flux capacitor is broken ! yes , yall do . you don't make me nervous , but i see that other people are nervous and i honestly think its stupid . its kind of selfish . they want you to respond to them the way everyone else does ... omg this is sooo cute ! 1 . yes , i often come off as very enthusiastic ( a ball of energy ) . i don't necessarily need alone time unless i am with a group of people i do not feel i can be enthusiastic with . i think the ... - better faster 4g phone - shoes - cute winter tops - cute winter coats - books - books - organic manicure - contact lenses ! ! ! - skateboard i like your avatar because it makes me think of the mind . the conscious and the subconscious , so deep below the surface . i'm an intp , but my dream job is whatever it takes to travel around , ... yes . i like to say it out loud sometimes . i don't know why . its nice to say something unfiltered . sometimes i do it when people are there . ok , my spanish class seriously sucks . how does he expect ... '