' yeah , me too . drives my husband crazy . i finally read that the tidying helps clear the mind , too , and that seems about right--the way running helps some people think . this might just be immaturity with infj . i remember this in my teens and early 20 ' s ... but it's done now ! yea . you are all amazing . i think i've been stressed about work too much , or something , because in the last year my 1-2 drinks a week have turned into 1 and sometimes 2 a night . it's usually wine , but ... ... mine likes thrillers , too , and fantasy . i read the song of ice and fire series this spring , and now he's into them , and you can't get him to do anything ! but i was like that when reading them , ... hmmm , i disagree with most of you because i have been happily married to my enfp for 12 years now ... he's only slightly e , though . he's spontaneous to my stick-in-the-mud-ness , a bit messy to my ... the thing is , even if humans don't understand you , animals will . hi , yes , i identify exactly with this ( infj , less fe , inclined towards intj-dom a lot , and enneagram 9 ) - - and i know that for me the 1,2 , 3 levels came with age and experience . i don't know how old ... i was definitely shy as a kid , even as a teen , i think . now i'm better at dealing with new people and situations , but i frequently just don't have the interest . i still hate calling people on the ... me too . although i might want to forget ! ! currently not working as a scientist , per se , but i have majored in physics , then geology , minored in anthro , got a master's in paleontology , now do a lot of geography / map making . love the sciences , ... i agree with all the people that say they loosen up a bit and say things they never would have normally , talk more , are more friendly and light . i meant to thank all those people , but gave it up ... the new mumford and sons---http :/ / www.youtube.com/watch?v=wlgmyo8wfpc to add to this , put butter on the bread before the nut butter , and it's even better . no lie . i don't believe in a god anymore , because i see no evidence that anyone is out there , paying attention . i have felt the presence of some sort of higher power , but then again , i felt the same way when ... me too ! 1 ) let's assume that you are back at college . your grandmother gives you $ 200 to pay for textbooks . instead , you spend it on something else that is trivial in relative to the textbooks . do ... i was with someone i felt was the one , but i slowly started to realize i wasn't the one for him . that was terribly sad ... but then someone else came along and invited me to take a swing dance class ... no , although i was becoming a vegetarian ... i had a shoulder injury , and went the other direction . i am now eating paleo , which has pretty much cured it and all these other weird body troubles . but ... no . maybe i was when i was in school and writing regularly , but i suck at it now . i'm much better at pictures ( drawing / painting ) than words . i am way too succinct , so that i leave out important ... just want to say to triplespresso ( hmm , now i want a mocha for some reason ... ) that you must be an excellent mom , and thanks for trying to understand your child this way . it amazes me how many people ... i agree with the above comments and just want to add a nutrition factor . my mood is much better when i get plenty of vitamins , either in pill or veg , and also good meats , especially fats ( i mean ... i'm a 9 , maybe a bit 9w1 . of the nines , i'm a self-preserving sort . i was raised to make eye contact , but i just can't do it for more than a few seconds . i always break it off . prolonged eye contact is too intense for me , and i feel bad if anyone thinks i am being ... i have a master's in paleontology and used to want a phd , but gave that up after working in universities and seeing the real life of professors . pretty good , but for the publish or perish stress ... i can relate , as i am very close to being an intj . maybe that's you , too ? i am much less touchy-feely than other fs , but i still make decisions based on f more often . it's ok to not fit an mbti ... i collected things when i was a kid , but now i'm the purging sort . to the point where i overdo it . i can't stand lots of stuff around , but that could be that i live with 4 other people and dog and ... me , too , except i'm not sure anyone would call me the life of the party . but i mimic , too . for me , there's no real feeling of a wall , but i am not more than casual friendly at first . i don't even really make eye contact with people unless i really have to meet them , like through work , or ... i have several meanings for life .. one is purely biological - we are here to reproduce . in order to live forever , or rather , for our dna to live forever , we produce offspring and make sure they get ... i used to get drunk probably weekly in college , less often after ... now i do like to , on special occasions . honestly , a wedding is sometimes only fun if you are drunk , ha ha . ahem . i find a certain ... alex clare - relax my beloved . i love this man's music . hello ! i'll reply with the poem of the day from poems.com . thought some of you infjs like poetry and all that . the supplicant prays for birds before an ancient icon — a stray cat.the inbred ... nope , i don't even baby talk to babies . i hate it ! and i remember my little cousin that i used to babysit told me once she loved that i didn't talk down to her , but just talked to her like she was my ... my avatar is just a meadow bird , a bobolink , so called because they say , bob - a - link ! amazing , no ? i'm a nature-lover , but not a birder like some people are . i just grabbed it off my work server ... try to stay with people who care about you , who wouldn't let you hurt yourself if you need to . get counseling . or , and i think this is important , make sure you get all your vitamins and ... i'm not sure if this will help , but ... i've been married to an enfp ( ish ) for 12 years and he still doesn't really understand me . i don't expect him to , as no one has ever really understood me ever . i ... i would go with your gut on this . she may be a friend you get to know , who leads you to knowledge or new people that will be important to you . you could imagine the mystic side of this ... it's meant ... and cello . for some reason , both make me feel the same . i think the sound waves must be in the same range or something . yup , happens to me , too , although it's better now that i'm , uh , old . i've got no weird hormonal stuff going on , unlike the real young folks here ... never underestimate the moodiness that hormones ... i'm really sorry this happened to you , but i think introversion can be so hard to deal with for an extrovert . i think in the future , if you start to ask why do you feel this way ? kinds of ... i think maybe ( on your part ) you might want to stop complaining when you are with people . just for future reference . life's too short , and it doesn't help anything , usually . i say this as an old lady ... love alex clare right now ! http://soundcloud.com/alexclareofficial yes i do this all the time . i'm sure i annoy people who want sympathy . and i can never fit in ; when i go to the city , i feel all country-bumpkin , and in the country , i feel urban , and on and on ... i was raised as a relaxed catholic ( my father was methodist , but did not attend church ) , and never experienced the whole guilt thing . but i was pretty devout , read the bible ( once ) , until college ... oh i'm a bad responder , this is late ... anyway . re : girl vs . woman , maybe i'm defensive , but i really think it's because i'm a scientist , and like to use correct terms . they do it right in ... i tend to think the word feminism is overthought . to me if you have a mother , or a sister , or a daughter , or female friend , and you want them to be healthy and happy and successful in their lives , ... in high school , i was on xc , indoor track and track , hung out in the art room for free time , but aced math and science and went into a science field . so i'm the nerd-jock-artsy type ? wut . i also ... pro-choice i carried 3 babies to term and am currently raising them , and it's hella hard nasty work , people . you just can't force someone to do it . definitely yay . i don't do too much on my own , but i love class , and feel so good after . my flexibility , strength and peace of mind has improved greatly . i jokingly credit yoga for saving the lives ... just to add to this : i think my husband is an enfp , and we have been married for 10.5 years . our personalities work very well together , although we have to work on communication , like everyone . we ... i am an empath as well , to some extent . usually i have to be near the person , but when it's a close acquaintance , then the phone works . i have a friend who is like your friend . for years , she's had ... '