' i have found rings i like better on walmart.com for less than $ 100 . i don't even care if i have real diamonds or not i just like the sparkle . actually , now that i consider it , he is more ... i didn't expect this much of a response . i'm not a shallow person only focused on material things . i don't even really want to have a wedding ceremony because i have anxiety and i feel like i'll be a ... i don't want to hurt his feelings but i really don't like it at all . how do i let him know how i feel ? sometimes i wonder if i'm more isfj . its easy for me to feel very hurt and injured by any real or imagined slight or insult . i think the thinkers would be more inclined to view it objectively ? am i ... i'm starting to think i'm more of a nurturer than a duty fulfiller . i think being disappointed in people and getting hurt / betrayed led me to shut down my feeling side more and more . i became more ... detached ? i'm downright isolated . if it weren't for my boyfriend i'd have no group of people to socialize with casually . my so's friends have always become mine by extension . then i lose touch if i ... i say lets get to the point and discuss the meaty things now ! even beyond the small talk though , i have trouble seeing the depth in people ... sexual innuendo . i tend to speak not really thinking about how some things might sound , but realize as i'm talking or when other people react that it may sound inappropriate . like when i express my ... you've never had a driving infraction or a ticket . the idea of being pulled over sends thrills of humiliation through my bones . and i did get a parking ticket once when my supervisor said that i ... the subject brought to mind the theme song from inspector gadget . it reminded me how annoying i thought he was . if i'm sick , my boyfriend probably won't even know about it unless i'm absolutely dying . when i'm really sick , all i want to do is sleep anyway so the best thing you can do is just leave me alone ... i read an excerpt somewhere and thought it was awful . i don't like reading material that is not well written . if you're going to publish , spend the time to craft your artwork carefully . have people ... i love dancing . when i listen to music i'm usually choreographing in my mind . sometimes my bf annoys me because he sees interconnectedness and patterns in ways that i just don't find rational . he'll see a series of compelling synchronicities and intuitively believe things like ... we did go on a school day , but i think there were a few field trips there as well . it would probably be the most expensive fried food you ever ate , but whatever makes you happy . :D i'm going to work on breeding some designer teacup whales for 20-25 gal fish tanks . any interested buyers out there ? i have been there ! my ex-boyfriend was a huge space buff . :) there were a lot of children . o_o ; the dragon figurine is amazing . if i tried to paint a figurine it would be disastrous . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=na5lX4L8ov4 that's interesting because i actually enjoy collage art which is basically just assembling and arranging media that's already been created . which is more what i consider being crafty than actual ... i like being creative , but i have a hard time appreciating what i do . i get too hung up on whether or not it's worthwhile or quality . i recently destroyed a journal that contained my poetry from the ... i've always wanted to do an alaskan whale watching cruise . i love marine life . maybe there wouldn't be as many kids on one of those . :P also anything by lmfao . couldn't stand being haunted by party rock everywhere i turned . i find a lot of the characters annoying . i like sheldon's insults though because it makes me happy . so i keep watching . i have issues getting myself to take a vacation . i just shut down when i have to figure out the best time for myself , and co-workers , and my bf . then i never go do anything i just sit around at home ... my personal favorite . i guess i'm just so concise and to the point that i don't really elaborate the way talkative people do . if it doesn't occur to me to add anything to what i've said already or to what other people are ... it can be frustrating when all you would like is a good friendship , but people keep trying to fall in love with you . it really limits your options . - _ - i'm slowly going insane ... i've already been insane for quite some time so it really doesn't bother me the way it used to . i think i might like to work with the usda someday inspecting agricultural animal facilities . i like the idea of holding people accountable and maintaining industry standards . * cracks whip * a song for tweens about fellatio . awesome . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aS85AvLl9Ik the thong song - sisqo just dance - lady gaga where is the love - bep thinking more about this , i find formulaic romanticism to be very unromantic . giving flowers is a default gesture . i like something that shows you know something about me . like if you knew my ... it is a delicate dance with discomfort that you play in society . sometimes i wonder how much it is ok to sacrifice being genuine to being accepted by others . i think on the basis of needing to ... guys have never understood why i don't like flowers . when you get me flowers you've essentially just given me an extra chore to think about . i need to prepare them properly and arrange them . then ... when you're in love with this character from boardwalk empire . 55782 also when you watched sesame street as a kid and hated how ernie was always screwing things up . poor bert . omg love that show ! i actually get a little sad though when i imagine about how and why the units were abandoned . i may be able to find them at the super wal-mart but the drive to the neighborhood market is so much more convenient it doesn't make sense to drive all the way to the super walmart to do my shopping ... i use my outlook calendar and we also get a monthly calender handout on a normal sheet of paper at work . i'll list everything i want to accomplish for the month and color code everything with ... i'm frustrated because the store i've been going to pretty much the last 5 years went through a remodel and as a result no longer carry many of the products that i prefer . now i have to figure out ... hello ! what inspires you to explore your personality ? it's hard for me to imagine a sheldon being able to retain friends irl . it's comedic in the show , but in reality i think he'd have a lot of serious issues with people . maybe people are more tolerant ... how does the horn not destroy the dam's vagina ? i'm on an r & b kick right now . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=44DxG2FcTDg i try to inject more warmth and effusiveness into my personality than is natural for me . i also make a conscious effort to smile more and remember to bring that warmth into my eyes ( otherwise it ... i'm not sure if daria is intj or not , but i identify a lot with her character . ^ _ ^ i don't have low self-esteem . i have low esteem for everyone else . nanananana ... i didn't look close enough ... i think that may be why creativity is so theraputic for me . sometimes it is good to tap into a more intuitive side of yourself and express what is latent within your spirit . although my critical ... i've always quite liked buddhist principles and philosophy . it provides a more logical and rational approach to perceiving emotions which i find helpful . i feel that by studying compassion and ... i don't feel normal . i definitely don't fit in with most of the people i tend to be around . i guess that's what has inspired my curiosity about my personality and seeking out those who may be ... i've never been particularly nostalgic or sentimental . i don't hold on to mementos or trinkets . i try to hold onto gifts from josh and romantic gestures like poetry and stuff but it's more for his ... '