' sun : taurus moon : pisces rising : scorpio pretty accurate , actually . i eat breakfast , and it's generally oatmeal with raisins and flaxseed meal . when i get up late , i . e . , i don't have enough time to make even that , it's generally some toast and maybe an apple . first attempt : you type 554 characters per minute you have 104 correct words and you have 3 wrong words the wrong words were actually mis-reads , i . e . , i thought i'd read something and typed ... for strangers , i do it the same way mrniceftw does it . for everyone else : the latter . if you can't change others ... guilt . or , the other person figures out why i'm giving them the cold ... in my pockets , i have : wallet , with : credit card two debit cards copy card co-op membership card school-issued id state-issued id 1 . 20 2 . m 3 . 6 to 7 may first thought was that it's probably a joke about all the introverts in the rok playing starcraft at night . something related to that . potentially . ;-) it's not a coincidence , per se . socrates basically copied paintingskies's post and turned it around to make a point . have you tried being firm and upfront about it ? maybe even forceful ? i know ... are you vegan / vegetarian ? yep . it's not hard for me to do because i hated meat and disliked cheese to begin with . abstaining from all animal products / derivatives followed so i could call myself ... behind the ears . :-P like grish , morning twilight is my favorite part of the day , though i love mornings in general . mornings just produce this wonderful combination where i'm feeling refreshed and practically no one ... * retypepassword throws an ultra ball ... * i don't remember enough from pokémon to say what might happen next . anyway ... welcome ! 1 . clock ; 2 . stuffed animal cow ; 3 . bike computer ; 4 . cell phone ; 5 . keys i chose isfp just to mess with your poll . : tongue : you made me laugh because this is just so true , at least for me . this used to be a problem for me . i'm not sure when it changed , or how , but it used to be that people couldn't hear anything i said even when they were standing , say , three feet away from me ( maybe ... i fall asleep sleeping on my stomach ... and i wake up lying on my back . not sure when during the night it happens , but that's generally how it goes . i sleep under a flat sheet , top sheet , or whatever ... this pretty much sums up how i feel when i have a crush on someone . every time i see the person , i suddenly feel all constricted in my chest / heart area . yeah . i started a thread on this same subject a while back : developing my ne ? no one ever came up with much concrete advice , which was what i was looking for . i suppose the last post , by ... whoa ! the thread has been revived ! i was just thinking about it a few days ago , lamenting the fact that no one's posted in it for such a long time ( no , i'm not one to take initiative to start it up ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4jALL1_KdN8 agreed . the function test always gives me a whole lot more ne than se , even though i'm an isfp ( which i'm still in the process of verifying by introspection , self-analysis , and studying the cognitive ... well , you did say in an earlier post that extraverted intuition definition summed up the experiences from the past couple years , which would still indicate more ne than ti and therefore entp ... i see more ne than ti there , which would indicate entp , though considering how close they are , it could still be intp ... you mean i have permission to totally derail an intro thread ? basically , there's eight cognitive functions that form the bases of the sixteen mbti types . they are classified into judging functions ... i got e ( 78 ) n ( 62 ) t ( 1 ) j ( 11 ) . so ... still an isfp . yeah . the labels above the percentages ( or the percentages themselves ) are somewhat misleading , but its scale goes like this : 100 % e ... yeah . i'll take naps whenever just to escape having to do anything . i generally actually do have something to do , though , so it's more a means of procrastination and avoidance than anything . dreams ... i often mistype as infp . in fact , i get infp more often than i get isfp . my weakest letter is s . ( sorry , i just had to invade your thread ) . so true , i have an infp friend who does not understand this because for her a song is about the emotion . for me a song is about what i literally feel and hear . when i first hear a song , i'm taking ... i tend to leave out lots of details . i'm also pretty inarticulate when speaking because i don't talk much and don't interact with people in person much . so , yeah . i'm a pretty bad story teller in ... yay , an isfp ! welcome to perc ! same . the closest i've ever come to 24 hours was ... 22 hours . no idea how the rest of you all managed to stay up for two days . it's a closer approximation of pi than 3.14 is . 22/7 = 3.1428571428571428 ... 3.14 = 3.14 pi = 3.141592653589793 ... difference between 3.14 and pi : . 00159265 ... difference between 22/7 and ... uh ... ma'am , today is pi day . er , pi approximation day . using the european date format , today's 22/7 , which is closer to pi than 3.14 , according to wikipedia . celebrate ! there are no such things as facts . you should be fairly confident of that already . : tongue : welcome to the forum ! not an intp , but i know pi up to however many digits this is : 3.141592653589793238462 . i suppose , considering i'm a different type , it might be useful to include my motivation for doing this : ... i couldn't have said it better . this is precisely what i did , and i can totally relate to the swinging from acting infp-ish to istp-ish depending on the situation . my dad's an über-esfj . my mom , i can't tell . if it's a compliment about me , specifically , such as how i look , a special skill , or my personality , i generally assume the compliment is insincere and i feel more disrespected and insulted than ... the beauty seeker / the aesthete fits me best . i'm not much of a composer or an artist , and my tertiary ni prevents me from doing anything . yes , i do . i'm not sure how often it happens or how it starts , but it happens fairly often with imaginary constructs of real people i know . i think it generally happens when i'm reflecting on a ... 1 . tomatovore ... tomatoes = delish . ( vegan ) 2 . isfp see the link i posted . dividing into genders is what i meant , but didn't say ( heh ) , by more detailed . that's because [ w ] e really must be the invisible type ... capt's website actually has the percentages as well for anyone who wants more details : estimated frequencies of types - capt.org ah , gentoo . i remember when i told myself i'd stick with it , but then a few months later , they started having developer infighting and daniel robbins was leaving or something , and i didn't really ... yeah ... you'll have to wipe your current installation and do a custom partition scheme , then . you only really need one partition for each os . if you're going to have two linuxes , you could split your ... if you're running compiz fusion , they should apply fairly easily . i'm assuming you don't have all the eyecandy and are running metacity as your window manager ? no idea what anaconda does . i've ... touché . well ... consider this post an offer of assistance . : happy : i've tried ... i really don't like listing off the distros i've tried . it almost feels like playing experience poker and is almost akin to bragging . i'm definitely not here to do either . sorry . i ... same . i'm well aware that i get addicted to things too easily , so i've told myself never to go anywhere near these potentially addictive substances , caffeine included . '