i think he's probably and isfp but he could might be an infp . if you don't know who he is here's a video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oextk-If8HQ <3 this musician . because i just feel like i need a fresh start . at least for right now . thanks though . . . :) god fucking dammit you guys are too sweet . thank you . :D thanks for all the well wishes guys . i wish you the best too . :) look it's not an esfp thing and it's not your chameleoning thing either . look i get i'm unlikeable but you don't have to compare your bs to mine . as much as i <3 you all i think it's time for me to move on . i realized finally what is wrong with me . i have did , dissociative identity disorder - a really mild case but , a case none the less . i ... blinks the present one always the present one . and i'm sorry if i get under your skin . i honestly wonder if i have mutliple personality disorder . watch no one respond to this . :( hey now that's mean . you could have put it more nicely or something . like . . . hmm . . . . fuck off scorpion . i would have prefered that actually . but yeah whatever . sigh anywho . . . you guys are just plain awesome honestly that's not the upside ! you guys are always cool . and i'm sorry if you guys feel like i'm outshadowing you guys with my overly extravertedness . :( i can take a break whenever you guys want me to ... hahah the wink shall never fail you my child . xp edit : hey sorry about that i just am a bit too literal at times you weren't claiming to be perfect and i should have known that i'm sorry . hahaha oh btw i think you dropped something . here you go . * sticks pupils back in * and don't give me know crap about the impossibility of that the whole darn thing is impossible . got it , ... hahah no it's ok :P don't worry about it ;) ;) ;) ;) ;) ;) ;) ;) hay fook u leve mee tha fook alon abut mi speeling when will peopel learn that sarcasm no come across online . wheeen ? heheh i suck attt hmm well i'm very irresponsible . dat no good . :P also though i um evidently suck at telling when someone is being sarcastic online ? also i don't read . :( not that i can't i ... except that's been done before . you scream i scream we all scream for ice cream ? eh ? eh ? lol and kanye is this arrogant wrapper who made a song about gold diggers . hey man just cause you're a golddigger doesn't mean we all are . some of us actually prefer ice cream instead . ice cream monsterr lol ps was that you in kanye's video ? :P no you pm me first . no you pm first . nooo you .. . lol i really dc . i'll just send you one mr . indecisive . hahah he was testing you that's a kind of flirting . actually probs the most obvious kind . now you know . :) oh and you didn't even pick up on my wink which was meant ot be ... ahhahaha i was just thinking pms . awww lol ;) haha empire concquered its probably a video game also your username ;) lmao :) so you hear this term a lot in convosation , but just what does it mean ? if you guys haven't picked up on it yet i'm pretty weird myself and also if you haven't picked up on it yet , then high five ... umm no ? lol i mean i don't think anyone can be slightly sociopathic . i mean if that's your criteria than i must be too which is absolute fucking bullshit . just cause someone isn't as happy as ... :( hey i'm bored wanna talk ec ? haha that would be awesome . make sure you do the wan smile though to make it extra sassy :) heheh hmmm something i often say is . .. the what what ? i'm gonna give this a go . wish me luck guys . ;) edit : nvm this was apparently a terrible idea :P annnd cut . :P i don't think coming off cold and distant is bad if you're a guy but why do you think faking emotions makes you stupider ? : s i think mbti is definitely nature based if that's what you're asking . dear infjs , why do you always seem to think cutting someone out is the right thing to do when seemingly the slightest thing goes wrong ? is it cause of your high ideals or something ? a real ... hahha no lol :) :( also , does your username stand for just plain sucks ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nWiEb45sfDE dr . who is gay . no offense to gay ppl . :P were you just not thinking of that before then ? then don't . i realized this when i was depressed . don't try and be something you're not at the moment . it's like you said exhausting and everyone gets resentful , you because your efforts are ... i never said i was a ghost . i said now i am dead and telling you my story . :) jenifer lawrence is hella cool guys , she would be an asset to the esfp female club but i actually think she's an infp . weally now ? hmm . i get along with intj females just fine but then again i am a little on the quieter calmer side irl . interesteding also how do i feel about stps ? istp males and estp females ... my intp sister was both distant and emotional some how . you'd have have to be demented / retarded for it not to be . he was just quoting aladdin . :P jk jk um we have deep feeling . . . . uh i think if your trying to rationally understand us our te is what you're really after . can you give us some context ? why thank you for your sympathies my dear . i confess i was not sure of your true character when you attempted to mock me as a complete and utter gullable bafoon . i do find it interesting though ...