infps care about authenticity , not infjs . are you certain you're an infj ? infjs have fe , not fi , and ni in no way makes you care about autheticity . an infj would see it as selfless to change yourself ... if you're so sensitive about your identity , you're fi , not fe . billie joe is an infj 4 . my intiition is telling me isfp but i could be wrong . nick - infj ? juliette - infj monroe - isfj ? could be infp even ? bud - isfj ? adalind - esfp kelly - estj angelina - not entp . i don't know about her . that's all i've got for now . i sometimes have trouble with that too . are you an enneagram 8 ? a lot of 8 ' s have this problem . you can't look at letters , you have to look at the functions . do you think you use te or si more ? ... the tertiary function is developed decently enough . the inferior function is used in bursts because it's hard to control . you're either a mistyped istj or you're not adept at analyzing yourself . lol . what subjects that aren't taught do you wish were taught ? you sound like a very successful estp . your ti must've been very well developed . ah , i figured . my istj father never liked subjective things like the arts either . entps like it more because we're ne dominant and we like to play around with ideas and be creative . wow , that sucks that they made philosophy just the history of philosophy . they should've mixed that in with critical thinking , instead of just the history of the subject . thay , how do you know what your functions are ? did you take a test online ? those aren't always accurate . you need to read jung's books on the functions and figure yourself out that way . in my freshman year of high school i had an estj algebra teacher , and he also hated literature because it was subjective . i'm seeing a trend here . i think you don't like it because it excercises ni , ... a lot of people of this forum are mistyped . those intps you can't relate to that are really indecisive are really entps , istps and infjs . and just because you have a weid cognitive function order , ... when you analyze everything . when you're so busy thinking about ideas that you bump into and break things . when everyone thinks you've had too much sugar because you're so hyper and excited ... your ni wasn't well developed yet . that's why you weren't career minded . are there any subjects you wish were taught in school but aren't ? you sound like an intp instead of intj . ti is critical thinking . te is all about facts . learning about religion excercises your auxilary ti and inferior ni , so that makes sense . what subjects do you wish were taught in school ? what subjects do you think would develop your se , ti , and fe ... fascinating . are there any subjects you wish were taught in school but aren't ? that does make sense . i certainly see the correlation there . what else do you think would develop ni , as well as fe and ti ? environmentalism is something we definitely need our kids to embrace more though . ^ the education system is really flawed . but what i want to know is what subjects you'd absolutely love to learn , that would really develop your ni and te a lot and such . also , that wouldn't work ... ^ i loved all of those . i liked english a lot too , and i was always adept at writing . i had a lot of problems with people in high school as well . i was really nerdy and you know how teenagers are about that . those are all interesting , although i didn't like math too much . i was good at it but not really interested in it . psychology was definitely interesting . i liked bio somewhat . if school was perfect in your opinion , what would it be like ? what subjects that aren't already taught would you want to be taught ? i really liked literature too . are there any subjects you wish were taught in school but aren't ? interesting . i was really good at math at first too , then got bad at it , then good at it again . what would the perfect school be like for you ? are there any subjects that you wish were taught in ... i can actually relate to that a lot . whoa . what would the perfect school be like for you ? what do you think you'd really enjoy and really go far in life with ? i'm an entp and i want to compare the interests entps usually have to thr interests intps usually have . what was your least favorite subject ? what was your favorite subject ? what subjects were just ... i'd like to see how the interests entps have in school compare to the interests enfps have in school . we're both ne dom so we probably have a tremendous amount in common . what subjects did you love ? ... i'd like to compare the interests entps have in school to the interests of infps . a lot of entps like english in school and i've heard many infps do too . what else do you guys like ? do you like ... i want to compare and contrast the interests of estjs in school to the interests entps had in school . several estjs i've known really liked math . is this common for estjs ? do you yourself if you're ... i'd like to compare and contrast the interests i , an entp had in school ( as well as interests other entps had in school ) to the interests istjs had in school . did you like history ? i'm an entp and i'd like to see how the interests of my shadow personality compare to the interests of entps . we might have a lot in common since we have the same functions . i'd like to compare the interests of entps to that of esfjs ... i think we might actually have a lot in common due to having the same functions . i , an entp , am curious to compare the subjects i liked in high school to the ones you guys liked . i'm sure many of you loved art class ? i'm curious to see how the typical interests of istps in high school compare to the interests many entps had in high school . do a lot of you like math due to being ti dom ? i'm curious to see what differences there are between the interests of entps and estps in school . entps are all over the place due to ne , and i know that many estps like pe , but what else did you ... what subjects did you guys like in high school ? i'm an entp and i liked the majority of subjects . did you like less because you use ni instead of ne ? i'd like to know how my interests in school as an entp compare and contrast with the interests of entjs in school . i'm an entp and i'm curious to see how my interests in high school were different than what intjs like . i'm sure we're both generally interested in science . what about language arts ? do you guys like ... what subjects do you guys typically enjoy in school ? as an entp i tended to like nearly everything , being ne dominant and all . are you interested in history because it excercises your ni ? also , dil is an enfp 4w3 angelica - estp 8w7 chucky - infj 6w7 tommy - enfj 8w7 stu - entp 7w6 angelica's mom - entj cp 6 phil - estp 6w5 lil - esfj 6w7 tommy's mom - isfj 2w1 drew - infp 2w3 phil & lil's mom - istp 6w7 aren't you intellectual . [ / quote ] i try . ok , thanks . lol okay , i'll ask . i think i'm just being more sensitive than usual because i don't have many friends and i'm stuck in an ne - fe loop . i'm trying to develop my ti more to deal with that , though . i do , actually . i think life would be exceedingly mundane if i didn't have rules to break . i do , actually . i think life would be exceedingly mundane if i didn't have rules to break .