well i have 17 ppl on fb & post almost daily but my friend who's also an infj hates social media . i know a few e's but they just repost stuff they like . it looks like the i's post more personal ... hi dude its a shame about mbti job discrimination . granted , a certain type can be naturally better at something like an istj would find it easier to program a computer than an infj but the infj ... from experience . even if he's mad over you & suspects you like him he wont make the first move ... he needs permission as we're concerned about offending you & rejection will hurt us hard . to engage ... yep sounds like an infj . i behave just like that in my office & it took a couple years before i would speak to my colleagues socially or actually act like an extro . note , he prob knows you already ... hehe sometimes it can feel like walking a tightrope when the person you're talking to is more dominant . naa just sit back relaxed & maybe pretend in your thoughts that you're the stronger person . i ... http://uploads.tapatalk-cdn.com/20161231/63869bd2b660d339bcb9419e6a6b53ee.jpg xmas party pic . i dont like parties with being infj as always struggle chat at first . tho after a few drinks get to ... remain upbeat , positive & happy around ppl . ya neva know . im 45 & still single & positive . if i don't meat anyone ive had a good life & still have hope sent from my sm-g 935f using tapatalk the new film passengers , a dream film for the introvert . as for being alone i work with people in a team but at weekends or a week off the most converaation i usually get is with the pizza delivery ... as an infj when growing up i was often mistaken for being shy . when actually i just didn't know the ' protocols ' of socialising as they didn't come naturally from a need to talk . small talk i know is ... what's one of them . i like a costa ? sent from my sm-g 935f using tapatalk i always test as infj but am terrible with music . i don't hear the words when listening to a song even if i heard the song 50 times i wouldn't remember more than 3 words . although i can write a poem ... every same type can vary but as a male infj id have tried to help steve come to terms with the situation first & dismissed homer as lost it mentally . also id have found it hard to form social bonds ... how can 2 people of the same mbti type get completely different results sent from my sm-g 935f using tapatalk self 4 spatial 3.14 language 3 what does this test mean exactly regards a job etc other than what we already know from our mbti ? injf sent from my sm-g 935f using tapatalk how i understand it ... eg . estj who's 1st function of extroverted thinking would talk through events or thoughts & make sense of things with someone else . infj whose 1st function is introverted ... hi fellow infj'er . noo i've not met religious ppl that suck . just i've always believed from a child there is no god etc . sure it's fine if ppl need to believe in such things . i'm just so ... infj no religion . never believed in a diety & always felt it's hokum . pity the weak minded who are brainwashed into serving one of the god's . fear those who believe their cult is the truth & hate ... i'm infj & coded in the 80 ' s but then got more of a buzz overclocking pc's . wish i'd stuck with coding lol sent from my sm-g 935f using tapatalk how dare some people say it's unhealthy to have few social connections . are those the e's letting their j's get the better of them ? i've never felt more alone than being with someone who just talks ... fellow infj here . i don't believe in astrology or being born on an eclipse would have an effect unless science proved it . when younger i was extremely quiet but now when i get to know people i can ... well i have no family bar a brother i've not spoken to in years . 1 real friend who's also infj but only text him 99 % of time . with 11 contacts on fb but they're just acquaintances i don't feal i can ... oh yes . infj i find easy . like just lost beard & had a skin head cut . feel like a new man . also easy cut friends off if they do something i find really wrong . never to speak again , inc brother ... what mbti r u ? it don't show on tapatalk . as infj yes i feel like i'm a good judge of character . i just get a vibe from somewhere even from their expression . when ppl start talking i get a lot more ... i'm an infj but can't understand an estj & vice versa . would not say hate tho . sent from my sm-g 935f using tapatalk selfies here when out taking pics on my own which i love doing no matter the weather . yeah not much social life . i'm infj & have 11 friends on fb but never chat on fb or anywhere socially . i have 1 friend who's infj as well but we don't speak much since he had a family . i know someone ... is that if you're right handed tho . well , being introvert i just threw all my chips away & left pronto cus i couldn't stand all the jibba jabba around the poker table . plus couldn't think about ... i talked some women i know into taking the mbti ... there is an intj & enfp i can converse with easily but another is an estj & after 2 years i can still only hold small talk . guess i must have been ... yes . its strange i want the commitment but always end up losing myself & confess to leaving a trail of angry women which grinds on me to the point where i'm really trying to be sure the next is ... single 26 of 28 years since 16 is being single for so many years all down to my infj personality type & introversion ? with every relationship failing because i gave too much at the expense of my ... my take ... chivalry is like 2nd nature for infj unless he could see you were not a nice person . deffo would not make the first move , even if you were really close for years & then you'd be lucky ... careful of abusing the need of the infj to help as if his needs aren't met , in the end it won't last . speaking from experience . be yourself & give him space now & again . treat him as an exposed ... i just use small talk to fit in & find it really boring . though if i've not spoken to anyone for a few days it's nice to ' catch up ' . when speaking with someone 1 on 1 small talk is beyond useless & i ... yeah he could throw small talk your way when alone but as an infj that's kinda fake . sounds like he's waiting for you to initiate conversation . try talking about a problem you have to get things ... i'm an inxx but really dislike reading anything unless it's short snippets with pictures . sent from my sm-g 935f using tapatalk i've taken the mbti a few times over the years & it always comes back as infj but because i dont like reading books people find that odd & question my type . i'd guess there are different levels of ... just did a jungs male / female test but non the wiser te ( extroverted thinking ) ( 50 % ) your valuation of / adherence to logic of external systems / hierarchies / methods ti ( introverted thinking ) ... i did a test 5yrs ago about 50 questions . then again last month . yeah , maybe i need take a more thorough test . walking through the woods atm with camera , happy as larry . sent from my sm-g 935f ... my best mate took the mbti test recently & to my surprise he's infj too . i knew he was introverted & not a party person but he's a commercial electrician & different than me . he doesn't read books ... i used to read lots of comics as a kid but they had pics lol . the only tv i watch is the news before work but binge watch some netflix shows . i also do techy projects with computers such as ... hya . maybe hate books is a strong thing to say . i've tried reading books but get bored & find it hard work so have grown to loath them . although i like listening to a story . strange sent from ... i know the mbti myers briggs personality test should just be used as an approximate guide . after my first infj result years ago i thought i'd have improved to something else now as i'm not so shy , ... i've ran through the mbti a few times over the past 5 years & its always the same result . even though i feel a different person , as in less shy . maybe the percentage of each trait changes slightly ... i have a f in my type and have not had success in relationships or a career . i find intellectual prowess and confidence make you successful in this world with feelings just getting in the way as most ... i think really smart people are missing something human , or what i regard as being human which is someone who you talk to and shows their true self and doesn't just recite information . or maybe its ... being a natural introvert but able to act like an extrovert i understand the quiet types & try to leave them be . sent from my sm-g 935f using tapatalk well there are some women i've hit it off with in 2 days but others in the same environment its still like talking to a robot after 2 years . i agree yes some types are suited for each other . sent ... lately knowing & learning about my type has explained a lot about why historically ive done the things ive done . also while these behaviours may seem unusual to the masses they're normal for me . ... cashay number 1 please . my first post & a pun at queuing , .. what us brits are supposed to excel at : laughing : hello , i'm wayne or junofirst as a nic . i took the the myers briggs test a few years ...