' yes geelong in the state of victoria in australia stephiphi sorry i may have worded my previous post wrong . i meant in context of the introvert v extrovert.you are correct in that the isfj / esfj share all the same functions but in a slightly different ... to be happy in a relationship for once ! ! ! thought the one i am currently in would be that special one that i had always hoped for.but now that seems to be unraveling thread by thread and my partner ... siren that is what istp's do ! mine would say that he would pop around in a few days and it became weeks before i saw him again.he still does that and we are not in a relationship anymore.they do get ... i was in a relationship with a male istp for almost a year.then we grew apart when he went overseas for a couple of months and i grew close to an estj female . i broke up with my istp to be with her ... you know you're an isfj when ... you stuff up another relationship by being too clingy : ~ my current partner is a possible isfj or isfp / esfp and she wanted to break up with me because i was ... the ideal mate for an isfj is the exact polar opposite the esfj i'm not ... i am attracted to someones personality and intellect rather than looks.my last two recent relationships suffered because there was not enough stimulating conversation.and i wouldn't say ... i have had a few casual relationships , mainly friend with benefits ones.but i am about to give them all up to enter into a monogamous relationship with my estj girlfriend . i meant that i also have a fear of swimming . i also grew up on an island surrounded by water ( australia ) . it's not that i think it looks like blood , but i have almost drowned 3 times in my life , and now ... delok i identify more with being an isfj , but i also have some infj tendencies as well . i never come out as being the same type when i do tests and quizzes . i have tested as isfp before which i know i ... yes all of these for me too.and also follow your dreams , don't let fear of other peoples opinions hold you back.only you know what's best for you . i was afraid to be true to myself for many years ... congrats ! ! ! whatever ! ! ! you are entitled to your opinion but i don't agree with you.he isn't showing me that he loves me.he is all talk and no action ! ! ! benja you are entitled to your opinion , and yes it does go beyond mere personality differences . i don't feel like his girlfriend , more like someone he sees when he wants intimacy , a friend with benefits ... i'm a 2 w 6 w 9 , and i do have some interest in the macabre . i am not really into blood and gore as such but have a fascination and interest in serial killers and forensic investigation . i wanted to do ... you spelt faeces wrong ! ! ! yeah i know i'm a spelling nazi ... unless you suffer from dyslexia or some other disorder i will jump on any spelling mistakes . istp's don't want companionship , they want someone to be around when it suits them.not saying this is true for all of you , but my istp boyfriend has two close male friends who he sees more than he does ... congrtaulations longdove . i really enjoy reading your posts.may there be many more to come . 1 . what mbti type are you ? isfj 2 . on a scale of 1-5 , how easy was / is english / language arts in school ? 5 3 . on a scale of 1-5 , how easy was / is math in school ? 3 4 . how many musical instruments ... i am an isfj type two in a relationship with a female estj type unknown . i am hoping that this will be the last relationship that i will ever be in , but who knows what will happen down the track.my ... i'm a 2 6 9 the confession by john grisham ... congratulations ! ! ! knittigan i really enjoy reading your posts and you are one of my favourite members here on per c . never been in a get down and dirty fist fight before . i , like most isfj's on this forum don't like confrontation.but if my family and friends are threatened i can get pretty riled . i have been in some ... i am an isfj and definitely si dominant . i am very much like your brother and boss in how they perceive things . i am also very resistant to new things and changes around me.my istp boyfriend is very ... i really don't have a good understanding of the functions as yet , although i would say that i have the same opinion as you to what si could be.my istp is very similar to yours , and certainly doesn't ... you have probably repressed it , and that may be a good thing . i don't blame you for wanting to smash your ex sister-in-laws head in.at first i wanted to do the same to my ex husband but instead of ... i have to agree with n2freedom , life.is.a.game i can empathise and understand your situation wholeheartedly . i was sexually abused by an uncle for 8 years from ages 8-16 and like you i tried to lock it ... congrats ! ! ! you're awesome ... i too have a huge fear of failure , and as an isfj loathe confrontation and aggressiveness.this also has had a very big impact on many stages of my life . i'm in the same boat ... i so wanted to be ... congratulations ! ! ! it sounds very much like my ex husband is passive aggressive.he would never hit me but would use verbal and emotional abuse to bring me down.he would also spit in my face and say things like i hope ... yes i take full responsibility for that , it shouldn't have happened but it did . i can't go back now , but i can prevent it from happening again . you don't know me or what kind of hold my ex has over me still.yes i should tell my istp boyfriend but i don't know how to go about it.yes my ex abused me for 18 years so that should tell you that he ... life.is.a.game i slept with my ex too , twice since our divorce and i don't know why i did it . i haven't had the courage to tell my istp about it yet , and don't know if i can bring myself to do so.my ex ... yes this is why i have trouble speaking my mind to my istp partner . i was in an abusive relationship for 18 years , however 10 of those were spent separated . i just couldn't tear myself away from him ... personality questionnaire for kids results congratulations , you scored ifp ! that's an introverted feeling perceiving type . i'm an isfj , and i think i have changed a lot since i was a ... my istp boyfriend is the same , he hates talking on the phone or texting.if he has to he will try to do it as quickly and painlessly as possible . i have learnt to call or text him only when the ... i eat my food rather quickly too ! ! ! i was in a monogamous relationship for 18 years , but 10 of those were spent separated and i never slept with anyone else.one reason for this was that i never thought any one else would want damaged ... just tell him how you feel ! ! ! hopefully he will get that you don't want to be with him any more . awww ... sending big hugs to you miriamisfj ... i just dragged myself out of bed and it is 1 pm in the afternoon.but have nothing to do or no where to go today and feeling a bit ... i'm tired and should go to bed but too much information is swimming around in my head . my istp raised his twin daughters alone after they decided that they didn't want to live with their mother ( his ex ) . he considers his stepson to be his own.however there is one thing that i am very ... we are both hoping to chat via msm ( hotmail ) while he is away.he asked me to come with him then changed his mind . i would not have been able to get my passport organised in time anyway . i am currently ... my istp always cooks dinner for me when i am at his house , and he gave me a hand made card for my birthday.he didn't make it , he asked a friend who does calligraphy to do it . i thought that was lovely ... my istp boyfriend tells me that he loves me all the time also , and he really gets along well with my kids too , especially my daughter.we have been together for ten months now , but in contrast to ... isfj enneagram type 2 kind compassionate loving resilient empathetic books ... i love to read for pleasure and also to learn . '