' what would ? i'm not sure what you're asking though . how about this person called you trash and worthless . can that be a limit ? if not , can i have an example of one ? ok then no limit and easy is defined by your example it doesn't have to be over-the-top . enough to say that you can no longer keep the crying out of your voice and you have to wipe something in your eye away . mood ? you and partner just got in an ... how easy is it for your partner to make you cry ( out of hurt ) ? 430922 ? ? thinkers . most recent are intps , intjs , and istps . neither option really affects me though , that's why all the focus now shifts to her so my intj best friend from high school finally ungave me the cold shoulder and contacted me finally . she said that she regrets thinking poorly of me for so long ( very vague description but i ... i really need to practice what i preach i don't hate intjs . i was best friends with one all throughout my high school career . i think one big thing i noticed about them is that they have two kinds of faces . i'm saying that because ... klaus mikaelson from the vampire diaries i kinda hurt for that guy . all he wants is family , but every move he makes is judged as wrong . you are 22.2 % good . you are 2.6 % chaotic . alignment : true neutral honestly , i don't feel like people should have to stay in touch to consider someone a best friend , or even close friend . i recently cleared up a situation where my best friend was under the ... i'm not sure i know exactly what you mean . if you're talking about an instant connection , and an overwhelming desire and feeling of love towards someone , so strong you'd want it to last for idk ... before grabbing dinner with a friend : kitteh : 269890 i actually do exceptionally well with mathematics , at least right now . i've noticed that i do better with things that emotionally engage me , and starting just recently , the idea of rigidness and ... i actually brought it up today and that was pretty much his response . how he'll always want the best for me even if things go sour . have you ever told someone something like that before ? or that you even loved them ? my intp boyfriend just told me something very similar to the title , and it made me wonder if any of you have ever ... i bite the skin by my fingernails . sometimes the nails but rarely . i hate to say it but i can identify with your infp . being drunk or at least buzzed is almost the only time i can express how i feel about people . i'm such a poet during those times , or so i feel until the next morning . that really was the case . when i told him the story , i didn't blame the alcohol . tryna take a good selfie 249762 a huge motha fudgen mess i ended up fixing the issue . turns out i'm not as good as you guys shutting people out even though i erased her . turned out she let me in and was hurt that she thought that i wasn't ... just simply wondering . i've cheated while drunk . so that may say a lot about me and my limitations . i'm just wondering about everyone else late to the party ? guess that makes two of us > . > haha . i wont be using quotes by you so bear with me : for the most part , i'm very pleased / relieved that some things about you said were not the ... it wasn't just falling out of touch though , she got rid of me . i found out why though . apparently , she was upset that i didn't try to spend time with her over summer break and that i'd sometimes ... but to delete them ? mind you , she kept all of our mutual friends , and she sees them less than i do . why keep everyone but your best friend ? so i have / had this intj friend . we've been friends for four years . we've had our fights , but we made it through high school as best friends the whole way through . we would spend pretty much ... blocked my best friend on most social networking sites and deleted all the pictures of her . it's usually really difficult to let go of things , but everything about her in my life is gone . like ... neither are particularly great choices . but just to clear things up : he has expressed that these are some things he wants ( the physical things ) , to what extent i don't know . he just gets ... in my opinion , i thought my intp boyfriend and i did a pretty good job at communicating , but i'm beginning to realize there are things beyond us that there just wont be answers for for awhile i'm ... one of the people i hold dearest to me is an intp . lots of thoughts on stuff , if there's any way to describe them . it's interesting to hear what someone has to say about a certain topic , and the ... backright profile . i just wanted to post this picture somewhere itp : me and my boyfriend http://tapatalk.imageshack.com/v2/14/12/15/a254efbc2b1d99884e0b5a1b7cfc3500.jpg very transparent . very vulnerable so i ended up just asking him , and he told me . you guys were pretty much spot on for the most part but new question : would you describe yourselves as insecure ? he expressed that he'd ... he does , actually . he didn't when we first met , but after maybe 2-3 weeks , he would reply almost instantly . and we've spent time together every day this week . is it bad to only spend a few ... by no means am i insecure of our relationship . we've only recently slapped on that label ( boyfriend / girlfriend ) but nothing has really changed , per se , between us . i think you're getting the ... sorry , i edited and reedited my original post quite a few times for this . i guess i still didn't word it right > . > i know he feels for me . i'm wondering more about how much . ( scale from 1 to 10 ... butterflies don't translate into love for me . i just reread my post and i can see how it's kinda unclear . i'm asking how does one know when someone else is in love . ie le boyfriend and i know ... to be straightforward , i mean clingy / smothering . i've read generic traits that an enfp might possess but i'm wondering if you personally see your own self that way sent from my iphone using ... would you consider yourselves stronglovers / extremelyaffectionate ? just too much he once said he thought actions spoke louder than words , and that's why he doesn't express that he cares , in that way . but that's my love language . words and touch . receiving gifts makes me feel a ... hi . i'm an infp and i've recently started an exclusive relationship with an intp . i'm just wondering how do know when you really like someone ? or rather , what do you do ? he goes out of his way to ... it honestly turns me off when people buy me gifts but that's so's way of showing he cares isfj dad . istj mom long bony fingers . '