' ah , the finest example of symbolic interactionism . social problems only arise when people believe they are there . before hand , these monuments weren't that big of a deal . people talked about ... these questions are like the beetle in the box experiment . no one here really agrees with how the other even defines good or evil . a 5 year old comes home and sees a plate of cookies on the ... first , take advil . it won't reduce anxiety , but it will reduce the muscle tension in your stomach , which will help you not feel sick , which in turn will help with anxiety . aside from that , ... people do realize iq and eq tests need to be administered by someone trained to administer them , right ? the problem with these questions are kind of basic . for instance , consider the question ... i mean , i wouldn't describe your inability to understand as my incoherence . value is an element of worth ; since it's impossible for humans to give or declare anyone with any sense of worth , ... simple . you don't need to know the actual value to believe everyone's value is equal . for instance , say humans absolutely have no value , then that means we are all equal in our lack of value . ... i tend to live by the beetle in the box thought experiment as a personal philosophy . we can never truly know or understand each other . it is because of that i strive to understand people as best ... i mean , i smirk a lot . well , i'm religious , and thus believe in demons . demons can often manifest themselves in ways they wish--if someone is afraid of ghosts and believes in them , a demon can manifest themselves in such a ... i don't necessarily do that . if someone asks me to do something , i'll question if it makes sense , and do or don't do it based on that . however , i do have this weird thing that i feel physically ... value is complicated . something can only have value if it is given value . money , for instance , only has value if people agree to give it value . if you wish to have my food and offer me money , but ... i have friends that do that haha . i've never been to a social setting alone before . i care too much what people think about me , unfortunately . welcome to the sexiest place on the planet . open your heart to us , young man , and we shall surely devour it ! https://media.giphy.com/media/APcFiiTrG0x2/giphy.gif nah , we chill . 1 . gilgamesh ( fate / series ) i love his personality as a villain . unlike most shows where the villain is removed from the good guys , and serves as a mere strife , gilgy-poo has scenes where he is a ... ah . yeah , i used to have that problem in high school too . i had to force myself not to be in those roles . hmm , i always experience a level of self-doubt before doing anything new . i tend to push past it by realizing i've overcame and surpassed anything i've done , so i try to remind myself that what i'm ... hmm ... i don't really relate with any of those questions . xd was it any good ? scythe kind of plays into this . two teenagers are chosen to be scythes , who are bounty hunters chosen at a time when population is greater than resources . they kill who the government deems is taking ... just curious : a ) how much money , combined should both parents make to look after the child for 18 years ? how do you handle parents that have jobs that seem to be able to be removed any day , but ... x-men series . every time i watch a new x-men movie , i feel a compulsion to watch all the others again haha . special snowflake is a complicated word , because it takes two opposite meanings and combines them together into an oxymoron . snowflakes , like people , truly are unique when compared to one ... i've learned , for the most part , to allow things to happen without fuss , unless it truly deserves it . your mutual friend probably is simply a flaky person , and it has nothing to do with their lack ... i don't think you need to go to super loud places . more like you need to engage in more social interactions . social connections help bring focus to one's life , and also helps to provide a social ... we're kind of like the professor xaviers of the world . warm , charming , kind , witty , and helpful toward others . however , we lack that kind of standout personality that all the other characters ... oh , baby girl , the relationship is over . any time someone wants a break , it's basically the next step toward it ending . it's time to move on , get over the relationship , and find someone new ... considering 270 ( 370 million if you count repeats ) million people visit theme parks , with only 321 million people living in america ( we can create a margin of error of about a million of so to ... you want a picture of her remembering to put on clothes ? i'm not sure what you're asking . aristotle's quote doesn't have to do with mbti cognitive functions . it's easily shareable and memorable haha . i'm just curious , mr . dreamer , if you'd enjoy a job that involved a concept of family and friends . for instance , say you worked in a school ? administration or even got a degree to teach or be a ... i'm thinking about moving away for grad school . i'm going to miss my friends . :/ ah . karen horney's neurotic needs theory . more so has to do if one is a moving toward , moving away , or moving against style , rather than a gender haha . in that situation , one would move toward ... tu est une salope . basically all i know from french . xd i'm kind of like a beta-alpha-beta oreo haha . on the outside , i appear beta . i'm very calm , reserved , and initially react to people and things through a lens of sensitivity . however , beyond ... perhaps you're familiar with the theseus ' ship thought experiment . a historical ship begins to deteriorate , so plank by plank they replace the ship . if you replace the entire ship , is it still the ... two pieces of advice , one already loosely mentioned . first is to take ibuprofen before the speech . ibuprofen and advil helps to reduce inflammation as in the stomach , which can help to reduce ... woah . we need to find you some hobbies ! yeah , as vunar said . problem is that random and spontaneous relationships don't really happen to me . i know too much what is going on between me and someone else , and i know how my own actions ... this year i worked one job 37-40 hours a week ( more during the holidays ) , while also taking 18 credits . i think i got two bs and rest as . i don't need to study much to get good grades ; however , i ... welcome to the annoying side of the infj forum haha . people having a larger number of mirror neurons can explain most of this . i can't really say if i feel suffocated by it , because i never lived in a house that was full of clutter . and for myself , i simply don't buy enough things to have clutter haha . i'm a minimalist . ah . at first i couldn't tell if you were asking as a way of starting a theoretical discussion , or looking for emotional support . :( i apologize , and sorry about what your family is going through . how do you mean that your heart doesn't understand ? well , the answer is simple , but hard to execute . read that book you bought . if you read it and find that you aren't that into design , then move on to something else that you think you're into , ... so you do or don't get it ? woah . someone's upset . i can't say i've heard anyone describe cafe any better than that . :) reiki pulls on similar strings as hypnosis . it increases your susceptibility . if you're vulnerable / open to that , then it could probably benefit . and yet , if that line of advice was followed , most of us wouldn't be here . :P '