' without reading other answers . the danger is undefined . we don't even know if it is every danger ( which would mean that to answer the question we should make comparision like that : if ( ... i thing intjs and generally types with fi can be much more cynical . intp are rather ... technical . sure here is the how do you define cynicism problem , but well , maybe later . though i don't ... this . also i would prefer to exclude myself because i would feel that explaining my view to my dumb teacher is too exhausting . do i even have a view on this ? i could write about facts like ' what ... when walking through the graveyard . you always die alone . they are to bring the order , but well , they don't always work . i think wearing a suit may have the psychological impact on the mps , because it's socially associated that ' man wearing a suit does ... http://www.dogbreedplus.com/dog_breeds/images/Komondor-003.jpg well , i find this conversation completely useless from the beginning . talking with you is like a pain in the ass , it seems your ego exceeded your capabilities . let's look at what you've written : ... yes , you understood me too literally . i didn't say what i want to be . your answer makes no sense . the op provided description of types and each type is a set of traits . so the op question actually is : are your traits highly correlated ... lol , you are pushing hard guy with insecurities . just let him think . you want to have everything solved right now . some people need to think longer , before establishing long-term relationship . i have ... if i were intj i would be type b . except alcohol sucks and most drugs just masturbate your brain's reward system , what is pathetic . ( emphasis mine ) if it was the normative behavior of the human species at large ( which implies it would also be considered acceptable behavior by humanity at large ) then yes , i personally would ... yes , that's what i've been doing for years . pick the most qualified representative of opposing opinions . compare them with my own , find differences , dig up to the layer of objective facts and find ... yes , because they were brought up in somalian culture , not japanese . you've seen it in crystal bow ? i was talking about the children brought up in different culture , not mass ... put somalian child in japanese family and he will behave like japanese . how it goes together ? i guess that made propaganda and censorship so widely used in cccp . where are alleles ? k , i get it - it's a provocation thread , which is a satire of someone's ... i'm from a country were almost all people are white and i wonder what acting white is , lol ? definitely it's a cultural thing , it has nothing to do with race per se . i probably should post this on mbti subforum , but here i expect higher probability of quality answer . before i've met mbti my understanding of extroversion / introversion ( i was in psychology ... if she lost phone at night it still was turned on at morning with internet access . but 2 days later it probably lost charge . but lost phone theory doesn't appeal to me . if a person addicted to ... low mao-a level - does it mean they can be killed by cheese ? https://www.nature.com/nrn/journal/v7/n4/fig_tab/nrn1883_F5.html?foxtrotcallback=true aq is a screening test . it means , that : if you've got high score you may be on autistic spectrum . nothing else . maybe it's indistinguishable from quotients focusing on social interaction and ... check her facebook or other site which doesn't require mobile phone to access ( unlike whatsapp and snapchat ) - in the case she lost her phone . if it's also empty since 30th then contact authorities . 1 . because people base important life decisions on what they know - they invest energy , emotions and time into leading themselves in the right direction . at one point on this way you just can't let ... how is intp personality type convergent with german culture ? divergent ? i am a conservatist . i believe that human nature is immanent broken and there is a need of external order to handle this . i also do believe that most people are slightly retarded ; i don't believe ... no , artificial neural network , if that's what you meant by ai , works in the similar way as as human intuition ( and only intuition ) - it finds correlations . it can't invent anything , it's not a ... because there is an associative connection in my brain between the sensory input of favourite food and the reward system ? i wouldn't do it happily because it doesn't trigger reward system so ... in popular culture it's often used as an insult . but even in psychiatry it's shitty defined also , like the outdated bleuler's definition of autism is still use , parallel to autism from dms-iii ( which ... personality is acquired by definition , because it's being developed in the relation to society . through , we are born with some traits , which determines the probability of growing our personality in ... depends what traits are considered robotic in society . i really see many possibilities , for everyone it could mean something else , like : lack of feelings , lack of expression of feelings , ... that may be a rationalisation . your feelings are in contradiction to your image of situation . so you did feel approved by your father or you had the constant feeling that you don't fulfil his ... as a child have you felt approved by your parents ? sounds like a motto of techno-club toilet impregnatory bull . :D sorry , could not had resisted . making a kid is an act of biology indeed , but raising them is a philosophy . if i try to understand someone i try to copy his mind into my mind and analyse it . i feel like quality of my empathy is dependant on my knowledge , intellectual capabilities , theoretical models .  ... i can't find the point , except that op is very self-absorbed . which isn't bad actually . sex is sacred because of vulnerability or because phenethylamine and vassopressine have better feeling ... i hate explaining things to people , unless i really like somebody to spend energy on complicated stuff . but i don't have patience to random people , because it never pays off . imho , he is an intp who incorporated his shadow , including executive functions . simply - don't do it . i knew people smoking for a long time and they speak like retarded and actually they are retarded . of course it may be just correlation - maybe they are smoking , because they ... shut up , perceive and think . i would actually take this statement into consideration and try to understand the concept . yes , like two years ago i've watched most of numberphile videos , this one too . didn't i say the same ? if you divide 0/0 your result may be anything between - ∞ and + ∞ , so it's undefined . but if ... you suppose if you ' iterate ' through all x you will get all parts of set ξ =( - ∞ , ∞ ) ? but how you can know that ? - - - anyway , my initial answer was utter garbage , please unthank .  ... i've went from endologic concept : so ξ ( and x ) is a number , we just don't know what that number is , so we call it undefined . and ∈ ( - ∞ , ∞ ) means it can be any number . my sophistic ... i don't see connection between what you described in your observation and me saying what i said . basically - where is contradiction ? if the level of success in game we define as a ration of ( player skills ) / ( game difficulty ) and you want that ratio to decrease in time you can either change numerator or denominator . it's harder to ... how can you get a set as an output of x ÷ y = ? make difficulty level proportional to time spent playing ? x / 0 = ξ ξ ∈ ( - ∞ , ∞ ) nothing undefined or disallowed and fancy greek letters . wow , so statistically on this subforum more than one of the five users are in the top 2 % of highest iq in population . i'm so excited . : blushed : i hope you guys can handle the expectations .   ... '