' 89331 just did a test and i came out most definitely a type 2w1 . 89330 indeed , i found it very helpful - thank you ! from reading what you said , it seems i probably am more of an fi-user than an fe-user . while i definitely feel other people's emotions and i'm incredibly ... lulz . okay . awww thanks ! i appreciate your comment . i also love your username . it sounds delightful . i appreciate that as well . * nods * based on this description of the enfps , i'm probably a type 4 ... how do i determine my wings ? indeed , thank you so much for sharing . i know i definitely don't feel like i fit in with most enfps ... o_o so maybe this will help ... well i want to learn ! teach me , dearie . tearch meee zomg complicated . i'll probably need it explained to me several more times . sorry . :[ i aet llamas . just kidding . * hug * awww i'm so glad ! i hope i did . o_o heyyy lady brah how goes it ? ! ? ntm ? eh whatevs yo . life's good brah . srsly . robert , i know about the cognitive functions , i have read somewhat extensively on them . the reason i posted this thread was because after studying the functions , i realized i do not only use the ... * wince * i don't like asking for tests , but is there a better way to find out your enneagram numbers ? i have absolutely no idea whatsoever . what is enneagram ? something completely independent of ... i feel like there is some kind of similarity that many enfps share in the eyes ... a certain look we all have , a mixture of inquisitive , adventurous , mischievous and dramatic ... my unicorn nose isn't so sure . we need more objective ways of knowing ! how do i * know * if i am zees enfj ? good looking . lol unicorns are extinct , it's time to move on . i love your avatar by the way . good evening my friends . i have long thought myself to be an enfp , but recent developments seem to have shown otherwise . i've taken plenty of tests , and i'm not really interested in doing more ... i don't know what happened , sorry . anyways , here are the pics i meant to share : 89089 bloo cardigan . 89090 bloo eyeball . technical stuff that it made me delete for some reason and i'm writing from my phone so idk . this is a quote haha : haha , okay , no . i was a little bored and felt like playing with you . anyway , ... violator rose - thank you ! your name is powerful and interesting . due to your flattery , you have permission to join my dragon army . * bows * volant , your name is lovely , and you make me think of a summer breeze . thanks for the welcome ! you are the first person to speak to me here on personality cafe . * bows , then runs up and gives you a ... i wanted to declare that i have arrived , so you can all prepare yourself . my name is josh and i am pleased to greet you . something interesting . le odd face : 89060 89051 durr glasses . 89052 the infamous eye smile . woop enfp selfies ! here's a couple iphone pics of yours truly . 89046 selfie with new-ish haircut ... this was during the summer . 89047 i think this is the typical enfp smile right ? 89048 ... oh ... also . read the last few pages that made me think of a couple things . 1 ) sagging pants is the biggest evil when it comes to basic guy's fashion . 2 ) if my shoes are brown leather , then my ... epic . well said , brother . haha for my style , i really value reflecting my personality in my clothing ... i prefer blacks and grays , and i love to put together an outfit with a predominately dark color scheme contrasted with one ... hmm okay . i'm a new member so i guess i'll start off by trying to introduce myself . this is the right place to do it ? what do i prefer to be called ? josh . lol nicknames ? old man , foli , ... '