' since i started teaching i've developed leadership qualities previously didn't have . i'd have a coffee with any of you if it was your shout :) stoner by john williams is a really amazing read , and very underrated . definitely worth checking out . like amelie ! this has probably been mentioned one thousand times , but being told to smile more is probably the most common thing said to me . even my students say it . reading a portrait of the artist as a young man by james joyce atm . i'd be interested . 159202  1592 10 this is typically how i like to dress . it's neat , casual and presentable . i used to care little for how i dressed , and often went strictly for comfort , but i found taking an ... i've tried okcupid . a few good conversations came out of it , but nothing more than that . it can be quite annoying because it does feel like a lot of effort goes into even getting a response . i'm horrible at math :D . i'm not as introverted as i used to be . i began teaching last year , through which i found i can be quite outgoing in small bursts . i've found myself enjoying social situations a lot more than i used ... hugs for all of you :D ! lol i was just using that quote to make a point . fair enough though , nothing wrong with your views . the point of art is the exploration of the human condition , not facts . also , to quote stephen king : fiction is the truth inside the lie . o_o are you saying the topic of ghosts etc . are definitely reality ? i would say any books with that subject matter are often fictional . anyway , favourite book of all time is stoner by john ... i don't mind cudi . i related to him a lot when i was younger . he's not the best lyricist but he's pretty interesting musically . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VFn0pI8PLzE i've always thought ... amelie the science of sleep marla singer from fight club , also amelie poulain . they're the two main ones lol . sydney , australia i prefer them and tend to work towards them in my own writing . tragedy definitely reflects the human condition . superhero : spider-man . supervillain : the joker i go to libraries and occasionally the movies alone . i think i've been to a bar alone once or twice but i prefer company in that environment . scorpio i'm not comfortable with hugs , though i feel in a romantic situation i would be . there's a range of different websites that offer freelance opportunities ( elance for example . ) i use those to find projects . i also write for a magazine called foke in sydney , which i found through ... ideally a professional writer . but realistically an english teacher . i do freelance journalism and write 1000 words of creative writing every morning ( sometimes evening though ) :D my closest friends are male , but all up i probably have more female friends . i lost hope in finding companionship around 2011 . at least i have fictional characters to attach myself to . njshady 63252 pic from a short film i made with some friends . dp is obviously another . both featuring my poker face ... 1 . meadow 2 . hearth 3 . lake 4 . tea 5 . books i try to read two books a month , though if the book is of a beastly size that changes . my favourite book of all time is without a doubt lord of the rings . that's why i love to read and write ... 59326 my eyes are a mix of blue and green . j . r . r . tolkien 58527 my messy desk . 58528 my dog . blu & exile - so ( ul ) amazing http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jq-crVkXcaw i usually get pretty choked up watching movies . it doesn't even have to be a sad film . i love buddhism ... i've studied it it for two years . buddhist beliefs have helped me with depression in the past . blu is pretty awesome . probably my favourite rapper . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Cmfc4xMvio i'm usually at a library or a quiet park . scorpio . i've listened to hip hop all my life , the poetic side of it has always appealed to me as a means of escapism . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eUqLGRMrFAg i've heard nas is infp . i've heard this all my life . it used to bother me but i stopped caring ... i got linguistic , intrapersonal and existential thinker . author is the dream job , but a realistic job that i'd still enjoy is teaching english . serial experiments lain ghost in the shell howl's moving castle full metal alchemist dbz i just started a poetry class for fun , so yesterday i was trying to wrap my mind around how to write some good poems . last night i had a dream about of all people , jim morrison , with his poetry on ... i'm studying it and have interned before , but realise it's not for me . i thought it would be a living i could make off writing , but i quickly realised i hated constantly interviewing people and i ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RJeI5WLKRaE '