' hmm , i would say , only do this if it is necessary to do so . the puzzles of knowledge should fit nicely without having to force fit them together . apart from your question on how can there be free will , this also gives an idea of how free will can exist with determinism . not bullet-proof , but not entirely worthless either . free will : ... determinism is about how the past determines the present and the present determines the future . hence , there can only be one future . it is inaccurate to say that in determinism , it is hard to change ... in your first paragraph , you were talking about how illogical the concept of compatibilism is . in your second paragraph , you were talking about how the significance free will , determinism and ... care to share ? i do not get you . we are free to will but do not have free will ? i do not see the paradox you are trying to depict in your last post . perhaps it would be clearer once you ... really ? can i suggest that you think through this a little bit more ? is it possible for any of the two to be true at the same time or for all three to be true simultaneously ? i am curious how you ... hmm , maybe i was not clear enough . one may have a stand on whether there is chaos , determinism , or free will , or a combination of them based on faith . it is impossible to verify the first two , ... the only way to know if there is free will is to experience life , travel back in time , and try to change your fate . if we cannot travel through time and subsequently attempt to change our fate , there ... i personally think that features that are helpful should be adopted ( or adapted ) . for example , i like how everything is automatically updated on facebook without having to manually refresh the ... suggestion 1 : consistent username change throughout perc . there are times when members change their usernames , however , the change is not reflected where the previous username was quoted . 1 ) it ... perhaps it is time to stop being so defensive and contribute positively to the thread . it is no doubt a possible candidate as one ’ s values , but is it yours ? that , you have to find out from yourself . values , in contrast to preferences , are highly internalised and are lasting . it is ... i think you meant a strong opinion against rather than values . values is what an individual treasure most , like harmony , relationships , etc . i don ’ t think it says anything about what you disdain . ... as a basic definition , thinkers take a dispassionate approach to decision making , prizing logic and objective criteria ; on the other hand , feelers take their own values and beliefs or that of ... isn ’ t manipulation just about getting someone to work for your interest , against their interest , or both ? what definition of manipulation are you looking at ? isn ’ t that one way to manipulate ? it ... ah interesting , but again , have you considered that you might just have seen but a glimpse of his grand manipulatory scheme ? if he is clever , he will go at length to hide his cards even if it means ... i was not making that point at all . i think that to increase the chances of successful manipulation , you need to appeal both to the logic and affection of the target . for instance , in multi-layered ... yes , of course you can see through manipulation , but have you ever considered the possibility that you may have unsuspectingly fallen prey to manipulation countless other times ? food for thought . ;) ... * infj doorslam ! * : laughing : disclaimer : if i say that things should be taken at face value , you should take them at face value , else you will have a problem communicating with me , and others of course . i tend only to ... right now , you are only thinking unidirectionally . what if they understand how you function ? trust paranoia ? you need a more reliable approach to detecting manipulation : choose the multi-pronged ... it ’ s not just spelling . we cringe at a lot more things ; some just don ’ t say it . generally , most of us will immediately notice the things below ; it ’ s like a nagging pain . grammatical and ... it is random and unrelated . try again here : http://personalitycafe.com/intp-forum-thinkers/66391-ask-intps-question.html was this deliberate ? : angry :: laughing : can we create volcanoes by drilling deep enough into the crust of the earth ? why is it that the url for tab “ thanks received ” is likes received ? was “ thanks ” “ like ” before ? according to socionics.com , there is a relation of duality ( defined below ) between intps and esfps . here is an excerpt from the description for intps , here is an excerpt from the description ... few make it into what i categorise as music . this is one of them . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rLnZ5jcsRpc bet your brain was doing the work . good luck with the implementation . [ / url ] @ [ url = http://personalitycafe.com/member.php?u=34158 ] tessie fatimehin , not trying to nitpick , but really , your writing is rather unintelligible . one letter away ( mbti ) , two cognitive functions away . :D sure , this is a public thread and the op didn ’ t seem to be asking intps only . edit : although , this is the intp sub-forum … agreed . when they ask factual and trivially obvious questions , i question their ability to observe and think independently . i cannot rationalise why i should be sympathetic towards such questioners ... not just that question , but also questions on looks , beauty , quality . one really irritating and common one being , you went for a haircut ? _l_ if you don ’ t want to get burned , don ’ t ask the obvious . what if the truth was not the intent of their question ? that is , they want to feel good ? i hate being manipulated that way , which is why i will react in a destructive way . there is no need to feel anything about one ’ s physical appearances . if they asked it for the objective truth , i will give it to them , but if they ask it to receive compliments and assurance , i will ... i would like my name changed to alden . thanks . istj i obviously can't talk for everyone , but i just try to be perfect around them , and sooner or later i try to flirt , but if i don't get the wanted response , i just wait for her to do the next ... i like sports . i prefer individual sports as opposed to team-based sports ; i don ’ t particularly like to cooperate with others in sports . sports i like include rock climbing , lead climbing , kayaking , ... i don't know if that description is typically intp , but i am almost always way early , barring unforeseen circumstances ( except if i choose to be late ) . really ? i do brush my teeth daily ( personal ) . i have completed reading many books ( intellectual ) . i have planned and executed many outdoor programmes ( social ) . i have successfully coached and ... friend ten people just to get perc achievements and then delete them . so you get the achievements and ditch the friends . i think that intps may have more than one source of happiness given our wide and dynamic range of interests . numerous small achievements , acknowledgement and encouragement from others may lead to ... not with science ; science is limited . perhaps with other approaches like philosophy . stand to reason : what science can't prove it is at times like that that i wished i could control time . pause , give me five minutes to think of a combo to counter your advances . i strongly doubt it . our mind is our all in one resource centre . we are content to know that we can do it when the time comes . right , we can … just asking , by “ tactics plan ” , do you actually mean that you play out fighting scenarios in your head ? if so , then we are similar ! you do not have to hurt your hands . the rule of thumb is always ... i thought for a long time how i should word this in the most convincing way . ah forget it . you can and should take it at face value . i have no reason to sneak an attack at you right ? no problem , i ... choosing to fight is not all about resolving conflicts . there are times when i do so to fuel a conflict – some people are entertaining to disturb . the bad thing is , they may disrupt my peace and ... i donx 92t know , but doesnx 92t it still fail to address the problem of social awkwardness ? when girls keep leaving you , it makes your social awkwardness more glaring . i think pheromone sprays would ... come to think of it , my mind is the scariest thing i can think of . it can warp the present into a nightmare and make it recur over and over when in reality , everything is fine … '