' i like the idea of having to live with few possessions and making those possessions count . tests your resourcefulness , creativity , and intelligence . freedom no tech stuff means working with ... i relate to this . i can come up with a few different paths that are logical to take , but none seem right . i can't seem to uncover the emotional pulls behind each , if there are even any . maybe i'm ... i have dabbled with both . i never had the patience / energy to stick with either , ironically . it mainly comes down to my interest level . if i am amped up about something , then i can get into the ... i love it . when i am in the zone playing hockey , it's so fun . i see everything that is happening and will happen . it frustrates me that i haven't discovered how to flip the switch . i've played with ... quitting a shit job might just be the best feeling i've experienced . how do sponsorships work ? biomed degree does not have to = biomed career . maybe career building is not for you . it's not like you have to stay on one path . i've been told to plan my future . well , i don't even know what ... my dog can you elaborate on that first part ? say i complete one year of a four year carpentry apprenticeship and decide to stop . do you mean the union can't hold it against me if i do want to bail ? i am ... and if i bail during the apprenticeship ? so if i understand you and the bit of research i did correctly , one can enter the trade through an apprenticeship or a cc that may feed me into a union ? unfortunately , i believe my state is not ... i'm about to graduate with a bachelors degree . i've kind of been thinking of going to a trade school afterwards . the thing is i'm not sure i want to put myself further in debt for something i am not ... i should add mischief to my list . i love the adventure and thrill of it . i don't know if i didn't get enough of it in my teens , or if i can't get enough of it . sports playing with my dogs exercise occasionally hanging with people everything else is mostly just to kill time ... not exactly fun it doesn't feel right when i dress what others would call fashionable . imo people try so hard to look good that it is almost humorous . they look like they are straight out of a movie or magazine ... nice signature https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j4vFBXOoHs0 yeah , it must suck to have a significant other ... : rolleyes : yeah . paralyses by analysis . i over-analyze the smallest decisions to ensure efficiency , practicality , etc when it really doesn't even matter . i've read somewhere that people only have a ... i've realized i naturally do that clint eastwood squinty-eyed glare ... even when it's not sunny . i feel the same . i tell myself i would like to live a free and simple life . work for myself or for someone close to me . i think a seasonal job would be great . there would be a light at the end of the ... such a tough situation . i experience this with most of my hockey team . once in a while i will attend one of the parties they throw . i end up sipping on a beer doing laps around the place so i'm not ... yep . all my jobs have been minimum wage so far and i haven't held one for more than a year , unless i count my 10hrs / week job at school . can you give me some more insight to the fireman job ? i may ... i like when i daydream . i wish i could do so more often so work / class / days can go by faster . dexter breaking bad i like movies / shows that are smart . action movies are getting so absurd that i can barely watch them . adam sandler is hilarious . or i should say was . well , 1st day of tryouts are tomorrow and i still can't decide whether i want to play during my last semester of school . i guess i've never introduced myself here . i'm a soon to be college grad . being stuck at a party school has been agonizing and somewhat depressing as i sit alone on a saturday night . i ... don't like gifts or asking people for favors . can't exactly say why . don't like birthdays either . a forced celebration and faked emotions don't interest me . plus it means the spotlight is on ... cinnamon 83 how many clothes do you have ? an hour of folding ? i hang my shirts . fold my pants . i usually have a handful of clothes draped over a chair or lying on the floor , too . if all of a ... i was like that when i was in math classes ... i was good at math . it's just choosing a method that you learned and applying it . when i didn't know what to do , my solution process would be all over the ... this ( on a different level ) held me back so much up until about college . i had always thought there was one way to do everything and somehow everyone was competent except me . i had become so ... relax i'd say i'm bored most of the time . there are times when i am extremely bored , but too lazy / tired to do anything about it ... then i get irritated and almost depressed by it . underlying stress may ... through activities while sharing laughs . for some reason , i wouldn't consider each person pouring out their deep thoughts as bonding or getting to know someone ... it seems rushed / forced . i think the ... there isn't a person in my life that i would say really knows me . a person may know one or even multiple sides of me well , but no one knows me completely . i suppose this is my choice . i , too , would ... during the school year i play hockey so i am more active than what my body can handle at times . 4-5 x / week . during summer i notice i feel like crap if i don't stay active . a body in motion stays in ... i do the same thing . it's hilarious . my friends never know when i am telling the truth ... more often than not they assume i am lying . so when i am actually telling the truth , i still grin . then i rub ... i get told that i am weird almost on a regular basis . 22 . looking at my past , i've realized i have been like this for as long as i can remember . i've seen that article before . i can relate to it . i've seemingly been experiencing highs and lows of this loop ... or in and out of loops ... will you know when you break free ? haha the article ... man , from reading some descriptions about 6s , it seems like 6s are doomed from the start . i can relate to most of these descriptions . the constant contradictions suck ! talk about paralysis by ... when my time comes , i want to be buried face down ... so that anyone who doesn't like me can kiss my ass . thanks i'll check them out . does anyone else feel like they have a liquid personality ? i've noticed that some of my interests , hobbies , values , and general personality see some sort of change depending on the person ( s ) i have ... i'd say my priorities are often dependent on my current state of being . i often think about the past and near future . hard to plan my future because circumstances are always in flux . i'd say i am ... for the most part , i am naturally in efficiency mode . though , there are times when i have to consciously force myself to be inefficient , for the sake of killing time and my sanity . at work : i ... i've always been interested , but there are not too many secluded , ultra-urban areas by me . i definitely have the athleticism for it ... i suppose if i could find a practical use for it i would ... because there aspects about the season that make hockey not fun ... there were times this past season where i may have said i hated it . then the off-season rolls in and i'm absolutely craving it and ... i miss playing hockey in the off-season . i can't wait for the season to end during . i have one more semester ( possibly ) of school which means one more possible semester of hockey ... torn whether ... nap ? '