' dear istj mother , when i started my very first romantic relationship back in january , i kept it a secret . not because i'm still in the closet , but because you have a way of turning everything ... dear infj girlfriend , let's not talk about this anymore is not a solution , it's an avoidance of the problem . that conversation sort of left me feeling hurt and slammed out and the thing of it ... * sigh * so since my dad has abandoned ship with my family emotionally , that leaves me in a situation where i am now in desperate need of a new therapist friend . being the therapist friend for ... some people will tell you that , if you have to ask , you're not in love . but i tend to believe the old adage that you don't know what you have until it's gone , mostly because i know the confusion ... hey . so this is my first time in this thread i think . i hope i'm not interrupting anything , but i could kind of use some advice ... or at least an ear to vent at . i struggle with depression . i know ... thank you very much . i come here to post because it's safe here xd i don't recall posting in this forum recently though . i posted something at the dear subject thread . anyways , i appreciate your ... dear istj mother , you really , really , really hurt me today . i accept that everything in life is a major fricking deal to you . but just because it's not a big deal to me that my car is kinda ... when i wrote my last message , i hadn't seen this one . as for the point of view , i'm thinking of either first person or third-person limited ( i don't do so well at first-person ) . there are people who fantasize about menial , laborious physical work ? okay . that was new information . xd i guess my issue is trying to make sure i balance out the logical traits so that he ... sure , i can show you what i have written down for personality ( i doubt his height would be that interesting to you ) , although i warn you that it may be vague ( ? ) so if you want more specifics , feel ... hi there ! i am working on a story right now and i'd like my main character to be intp . i wondered how actual intps might describe their personality and their traits , and how a fictional character ... dear universe , i'm generally a good person . so please stop giving me such shitty luck . my good karma needs to come back , like now . sincerely , a depressed walmart employee dear likely-ixfp coworker , thank you for letting me ramble to you for an hour and a half tonight . i know we've hardly spoken before now , and i'm sure i probably annoyed you , but i've been stuck ... dear istj mother , my sister is not even fifteen yet and you're pushing her to try to get a job . let me tell you something - this is not . her . fight . i know we're struggling to keep the bills ... dear istj mother , i'm sorry that my storylines , philosophies , television shows , stories and games aren't interesting to you . but frankly , i can only talk about reality for so long . no , i don't ... dear once upon a time ( and netflix ) , thank you for being here to occupy my time and mind while the friend i have / had a crush on was busy planning her heterosexual wedding with her heterosexual ... you're lucky , mine would revolt and murder me ! dear work friend , first of all - please stop making it so difficult for me to pretend i don't know you like me . i know you really like me and ... dear newest character , i am so , so sorry that it was your misfortune that you became my character . i came in like a wrecking ball to fuck shit up and i'm taking no prisoners . sincerely , i ... dear infp friend , um ... i was dead serious when i asked you what you're so fascinated by . let me re-cap : i am still living with my mom , in a house full of animals non-committal college student ... ... i just can't stand myself lately . i'm so frustrated . i know it's the depression creeping up on me again , that i'm over-whelmed with little things that wouldn't usually bother me . i have no ... dear newest friend , i know you've been busy and stressed out with all your wedding plans lately , and i've been pre-occupied with my sister and this short class as well , so we haven't had much time ... dear inner child , i'd say i don't really know what's going on with you lately , but it would be a lie . still , you need to stop being so cute and cuddly . i know you want to be seen and snuggled ... alright , so , i ( an infj ) actually have a question about us as a type . it seems to be a commonality that infjs as a type take longer to trust . yet , i'm not exactly certain what it is i don't trust ... dear dad , i'm sorry the only reason i've contacted you in several months was to ask for money . ... i'm sorry i lied to you about the reason why i needed the last hundred . if it were up to me , ... dear new infp friend , your interest in me is starting to get frankly weird . i'm usually the one on your end , and i'm starting to feel like i'm slacking here . you shouldn't be the one doing all ... excellent points . although i don't know too much about soso right now to draw any stark contrast . i also can't debate you on any points related to pe or pi because i've only vaguely heard of them ... i will try to explain it as i see it ... se is the function related to taking in information from the present moment and responding to it . piper makes decisions as things become relevant . i don't ... that is a definite possibility . i have some significant difficulty understanding si itself , but i know it deals with the way things happened in the past in regard to minutia and details . that one ... that wasn't what i meant . i'm sorry , i should explain it better . what i meant was that , if her dietary concerns were part of an nf idealism rather than an sf trend , she would probably have brought ... okay , so , i haven't done hardcore analyses of every single character yet . i have my suspicions but nothing to back them up - however , i've been developing an opinion on piper and if i'm wrong i want ... dear new infp friend , it is not very often that i meet someone as eager to share the limelight as you . most often , i can simply deflect the questions enough so that i'm learning significantly more ... dear mother , i've pretty much decided not to tell you this in real life ( except maybe once , quite a while ago , though i don't remember clearly ) but you seem to have figured it out anyways . even ... hi there . if you couldn't tell by the type match under my name , i'm an infj . i've recently made a friend who's an infp , and i'd like a little advice . err ... forgive me if this is a repeat question , ... dear estp friend , i don't really know what to tell you . my mom is wound tighter than a navy seal knot and ... and i don't understand her , either . i don't know why she got so upset over our plans ... dear estp friend , you are a really , really , really good friend . you're sweet , we have plenty in common , and we talk almost all the time . i know you consider me your best friend , because you've ... dear neighbors , my sister didn't do anything to you , and your daughter didn't do anything to us . they're best friends and there's no reason why they can't stay that way . it was you who went behind ... dear enfp friend , thank you for reminding me indirectly that friends don't have to agree with each other on everything to be friends . now please ... stop typing me novel-length responses on ... dear istj mother , stop calling everyone and their brother , giving them 2 % of the story , and then accepting their input on it . it's whore-ish . get off the goddamn phone and talk to me , i need to ... dear enfx dad , you have been chopped . we feel that you're severely lacking , in many areas . you are controlling , demanding , and obsessive in a sick way . we wish we could say this was a hard ... dear food network , on the off-chance that i'm not a lettuce farmer , a fish farmer , an herb gardener , a butcher or a hunter ... where the hell am i supposed to get all these ingredients ? ! ... c ) yeah , i've heard that the more you advance in education , the more intuitive it becomes . i'm in college , and i have to say i agree with that assessment . i think it's because a lot of higher ... no , we don't need compliments . never , ever compliment an introvert , it pisses us off . i have never been angrier than when someone tells me i'm talented at something or that they enjoy something i do ... so ... i take it you feel that a lot of people have mis-typed themselves as intuitives when they are actually sensors due to not understanding questions on the test or applying the questions to ... this thread looked interesting . i figured i'd go ahead and answer any questions you have , though the relationships i have with esfps is strictly platonic - so i can't say much about a romantic ... dear esfp friend , i kinda figured our anime marathon thing wasn't gonna happen tonight about an hour ago . i can handle that , but you know , i went ahead and joined a call with you and your friends ... my dear esfp friend , i value our time together . i value our friendship . i value the way you can be enthusiastic over my random ideas and encourage me to pursue them . but i can not , i will not , ... this thread is a place for infjs who want to seek solace in the guidance or even just the kind words of another person . infjs are often called the counselors , ( we may also be called the ... dear istj mother , please , please , please , please - for the love of celestia - snap out of your ne-fueled panic attack ! or panic attack-fueled ne rampage ! i don't care what it is , but i can't ... i wish this world worked like it does in my little pony , where everyone can do whatever makes them the happiest and still earn a decent , happy living . you have a pretty good idea of what your life should be like 10 or 15 years from now ; whether or not you want kids , how many , what gender , single / coupled / married , what you want the relationship to be ... '