' curly braces on the same line or the next line ? everyone knows the only correct style is braces on the same line after a single space , with elses detached from the closing brace of the if . any ... 6 ' ' ? canada excellent point ! nope , and i get rid of any stress from city driving by listening to loud music or yelling at other people just quiet enough so nobody can hear me . i found out the background color of this website , so i tiled it behind one of my desktop pictures . what an interesting-ass study . just had a data structures + algorithms final . it was easier than i expected , thank god . not too much theory , it was all questions like : insert these items into something and show the result , do ... i've been skipping stats lectures for basically two months , partially because i needed to work on a software engineering project exclusively for a week to get it done on time , and partially because ... let's talk about that . are you studying anything really neat that you want to share and explain ? i find explaining ideas to be extremely useful to find gaps in understanding ; i've written posts ... i'd hang out with sint or adrjen , it seems we have similar libraries . new to the discovery-side of music here , but i've spent much of my free time digging for about 3 or 4 years and put together a ... no , that seems pretty rational to me , other than the dreaming thing . when i'm sick sometimes and am going to sleep i get this weird uneasy feeling , like everything is closing on me , and it feels like ... if i could rearrange the alphabet i would put vowels first and then the rest , and order them by frequency of use . want to come back to my place and discuss keyboard formats ? os : windows 7 / debian 8 cpu : fx - 8350 memory : 8gb gpu : hd 7870ti storage : 120gb intel ssd , 1tb wd hdd mouse : deathadder 2013 keyboard : coolermaster something ( mechanical , 87 % size ) audio : ... what is it that's so uninteresting anyway , are we talking studying or just tedious coursework ? one thing i tend to do is to go back and read the things i enjoyed in a course when i get hung up on ... its my belief that if you give people the option and a gentle push in the right direction , it will bring results . in lawmaking terms , gender equality is here , but not in society , not all the time ... jack-of-all-trades , i do well with support-style classes and ranged . i've always enjoyed stealth in adventure games , however . i'm a poor university student and what is this intelligent conversation ? weren't we supposed to start arguing about the glory of the proletariat and such by now ? my economic knowledge is an intro ... yeah , it does seem like things are becoming more strained these days , but maybe it should be . right now where i live , in canada , there is talk of a boom in real estate and the dollar is shooting all ... everyone will fuck up somewhere in every speech , that's the reality of it . it will happen and it will be awkward , but if you recover quick enough , nobody but yourself will remember . i've found ... i've enjoyed his pictures since i first learned how to talk to computers and make them do stuff , back in high school . when he started to explain big and weird questions on a different part of his ... i used to have a small , cheap watch before i owned a phone . it hurt my wrist if i didn't wear it loose , and if i wore it loose it tore hairs off my arm and caught on things . i have some free time to get sad , might as well go all out . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Gvuu6-Xp_0 probably a week and a half from the flu . it was very courteous and kicked the moment i got home from my last final exam , but then went and ruined my sense of taste for a month . what an asshat . ... to quote feynman : physics is to math as sex is to masturbation . however , feynman forgets that physics and sex have boundaries that math doesn't , for example two bodies generally cant occupy the ... i'd like to have saved enough money this summer of work to buy some music equipment , and to have been accepted to a local co-op program , beginning next year . if i'm extremely lucky i might get a ... i do this , but make an effort to avoid it when talking to people who don't know me well or don't seem to take the time to fully process what people are saying before responding . especially outside of ... from what little attention i've been putting into politics in the past year , mulcair seems someone i can get behind . i do like that he doesn't let people get away with saying dumb things , but i have ... i'm canadian and i vote ndp . they are the only valid third-party choice where i live , and i identify with their policy more than the liberals and conservatives . it would be amazing to see ndp stay as ... coil is absolutely amazing , and so is this track . i've been meaning to get further into their stuff but i got stuck after listening to ape of naples after a friend recommended it to me . then life ... you know , that tingling feeling in the back of your head when something musically unexpected happens ? it's actually quite common , but i have heard no definitive explanation for it yet . that's probably it , though i'm not sure i fully accept mbti theory any more . i really only come here now for the discussion , especially these days since finals are done and i have no commitments as ... i was somewhat relieved when i discovered that my personality fit well into the intp archetype and i accepted it fairly quickly . over time i became disinterested with mbti and all that , and now that ... songs are always more powerful as a part of an album , but here's some . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=30FJGGEA4CQ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xu8MqdC0Zms ... i don't really have any least favorite words , but definitely lots of phrases and situations . for example , when people read off their powerpoints directly during presentations , and it's not just ... it's terrible that germans who are proud of their country are considered politically incorrect . germany is a great country , hundreds of years of history and culture and all that stuff . also they ... i keep backups of important old files or movies on cd , since most of my hard disk space is used up , and i'm always downloading more things . as well , i have a number of install disks for various linux ... hey , former competitive tf2 player . i played backup roamer ( a soldier who specializes in rocket jumping in very quick and killing important players , esp . medic ) for a season and main heavy for two ... sure , i need an excuse to get out of the house these days . anyone in new brunswick here want to meet over coffee ? not sure why , but i have gotten much better at explaining things recently . as some tips : coffee and a relaxed atmosphere do wonders for thinking and understanding , and no matter how good it looks in ... just an example of the effects of in-groups on the mind . however , we are on an internet forum , and if you felt that it was damaging your relationships too much by subscribing to the underlying bias ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cgXm4W_AG0c it's fun playing friends , because the both of you will change styles every game or so to try and win . one guy i used to play with made tal-like crazy sacrifices which basically stunned me into ... lol , wood pencils . stay in the 20th century , while i click my empty mechanical at the back of the class . study time is ad hoc , but i tend to just blaze through a chapter or two in textbook and do practice questions . i take notes in class so i keep engaged enough to not fall asleep , but never actually ... i don't actually know . it's like how people with motor tics describe a persistent urge to perform an action which causes anxiety when ignored , but a feeling of relief when they give in . not sure ... personally i got to know logic by working with gates in minecraft . a friend introduced me to redstone gating and i kind of went from there , once i had a chart printed out with all their schematics on ... majoring in cs here , i know java and c + + , but i've experimented with python , lua , and the mysql / php / js triad , but never really got into them . i still have nixon's learning php , mysql , javascript , and ... wavves - afraid of heights 1 . importance : 9 , i listen to music almost constantly when i do things , and occasionally by itself if it's a new release and i'm in the mood . 2 . lyrics / melody : 2 , the mouth is an instrument too , ... '