' i would strongly recommend not taking shortcuts . i feel like whenever you're looking for something too specific you end up missing out on interesting opportunities . that estp who's the life of the ... look out .. reisiger is giving hot takes ! haha i kinda get what you mean with pop music , but i like it when it's earnest . it doesn't have to be a grand idea as long as it's communicated well . also , ... maggie may have you heard this version ? i love both so i always bring up this version when someone mentions the song . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lr5w4dw8QC0 i'm listening to the recently released wave one of john mayer's album the search for everything . what's interesting is he's releasing the album in waves of a few songs at a time over the ... first of all , i don't have advice to give you but would just like to affirm that your creativity and care in showing interest should bode well for you . if she's not interested , it wouldn't be ... when you need time and space to solve a problem because you have too many potential options going through your head , not because you're struggling to find one . it's not really so much antagonistic but more in a playful sense i can be a bit sarcastic and turn people's words around . recently i was visiting my parents , and my mother was talking about the u . s ... i would say you're an actual musician ... but maybe you just aren't a professional one ( meaning that you don't make your living from it ) . and same with you sei 35 ! just make your music because you ... i've been self-typed as an infj , but have gotten results of intj and infp on tests before along with infj ... infp makes no sense , considering the cognitive functions are opposite so i think it's just ... hey , welcome to the forum ! i think it's never a bad idea to try and find out especially if you're serious about a relationship . i have an issue currently where i'm interested in a woman who's 19 and ... you know , it's interesting . i have a voracious appetite for listening to new music , but it simply tends to influence me in writing / performing styles that i'm already interested in . like i've wanted ... hey you weren't asking for this , but i have unsolicited advice and a rhetorical question : is there any harm in having meaningless friendships ? sorry , i only replied because i remember also ... hey facetedglass , welcome to the forum ! i have several different music gigs at the moment . i direct an ensemble and do additional accompanying for a church , i teach piano lessons , and i am a ... x95 how do you feel about privacy in general online ? privacy around personality vs privacy around you as a person and your life ( i . e . sharing pictures , things about your life , your interests , etc . ) ? ... 1 ) so besides lying , in interpersonal interactions i can get angry about someone invading my privacy , mocking me when i'm trying to be serious , or making off-base assumptions about me . i have a ... hey nemo , thanks for venturing out of your anem-manem , manemanem-anemone to join perc ! did you vote for trump ? because thanking a post wasn't enough . perfect . your type is not your identity . it just tells a little bit about how you process things ; e . g . the order of cognitive functions . 8675309 ah , okay that makes sense jayshambles . personally , i think my biggest obstacle is my idealism . i often find myself thinking , you don't want to lead her on ... make sure you're really interested ... you can't kill the room ... you're really creating your own room ! you're mr . know-it-all , she's staring at her phone , and even though you sit together you feel so alone . it's such a ... i feel like everybody's was more or less like this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y0p3jn7ODuc i'm not really sure what you mean by this . care to elaborate ? i would add that if you do have enough courage to ask him face-to-face then that would be preferable . sure , it'll be awkward but then there won't be any filter to his reaction and you'll really know ... deleted . first of all i'm a guy . and i'm not trying to censor your posts ; i'm just pointing out that it's messed up . it's like you want people to kill you , and that idea makes me uncomfortable . say ... this is the second time i've seen you mention something about being killed , and it makes me uncomfortable . : unsure : why do you say that ? are you trying to be funny ? is it an expression that i'm not ... this is the second time i've seen you mention something about being killed , and it makes me uncomfortable . : unsure : why do you say that ? are you trying to be funny ? is it an expression that i'm not ... i've hurt a few people . i've been thinking about my advisor recently . i basically broke off contact with her after realizing i needed a new direction professionally . i had been talking to her ... aletheia the analyst was my 2nd ranked archetype ... i definitely relate to this . particularly the part about reckless behaviors . no thank you . i would ask the same questions as haba aba daba aba . xnfx i'm guessing this is the same man we were discussing on another thread . if i had known that he was exhibiting jealous behaviors , then i ... glad to see that i'm not the only one . i rarely engage in extraverted thinking , and the extraverted feeling is strong with me , regardless of what the numbers say . plus there's the whole ni / ti loop ... philosophical state physical : abstraction rational : regulation emotional : valuation test result : ( in case they're hard to read ) i / e : 66/34 n / s : 94/6 i'm pretty confident that rock will come back . so many teenagers that i know ( i'm a teacher ) are actually into ac / dc , metallica , etc . maybe not exactly the metal that you're looking for , but the ... hm ... i mean i've been going to birthday parties since i was literally a toddler . i don't really have memories of those xd . are you more after a first adolescent experience or an adult experience ? ... that's a hard hypothetical for me to wrap my head around . my longest relationship lasted about 5 months . i do know that marriage is a commitment that i take seriously , so my guess is i would be ... oh yeah , fuck donald trump . i tend to recycle this advice a lot , but just because your cognitive type may influence your personality / behavior , what it really determines is your preference for thinking . so while it's likely ... mistakenforstranger no , i don't forget to eat , but i can ignore my urges for a while and sometimes willfully skip a meal . this rarely happens though because i love food . it normally happens when ... i'm feeling a bit directionless at the moment . i have 3 different part time jobs , and the one that i'm most inclined / suited for will not really support me . i'm tempted to just throw all this stuff ... i teach piano , and i encounter this intimidation a lot with teenagers and adult students . i always remind them to try to enjoy the process and don't get too caught up in the performance . young ... wow , to anyone who has a friend that literally ignores you when you approach them in person , that is a lousy friend . i have an enfp friend who is also really well-connected and popular to the point ... welcome booyou ! what did you mean by saying i have a deep interest in music , but i'm not there yet ? do you mean that you don't have a lot of training ? how do you engage with music ? i'd likely be pursuing the nf female , but she probably wouldn't realize it until it's too late ... i'd be trying too hard to walk this fine line between showing interest but not showing too much . i'd ... some sense of direction in my life and a normal sleeping schedule ( insomnia's a bitch ) . i think the following is all too appropriate : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uIwQnLd7Wbw https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5A0-u85aAYg i know , this is a relatively low-brow comedy but i still love it and this is my favorite scene . the characters are all just completely lacking in ... not very interesting i've behaved like a know-it-all , and i really wasn't aware of it until a few years ago . one of my closer friends ( most likely an infp ) in college said to me , absolute_eb , i admire you a lot , but ... wow . i definitely felt the desolation / emptiness . i thought it was interesting how the smoke leaves as in it dissappears , but it also leaves as in leaving a trace behind . my only critic 9sm ... '