' it has some wonderful posts . its suggestion of flow , colors , and play for infjs changed my way infjs have warm mind some highly recommended posts of it : ( are free ) infj : got te ... a few times a week , i speak a lot , and most of them are elaborating a near past memory to very details , but many times so far others have said to me that this long memory-telling is very boring ... although it is written for infj socionics , it is like me : ( i'm confused , functions stack doesn't work i think , i use ne at times as it is defined , sth is wrong ) teacher ( ne-infj ) the intuitive ... which one has been more problematic for you ? i read somewhere that infps are frustrated by indecisiveness and infjs by idealism and perfectionism , do you see any difference between them ? when negotiating in a formal meeting my mind shuts up , and i'm wondering how others come up with new ideas for furthering the negotiation , about classroom presentations , when i had a topic i ... i and another infj were talking about things , then he asked this question and i decided to ask it here : which one is better for infj : specialization in a few fields or going for ... haha , very beautifully put . thanks . these days i'm practicing not to make every unwanted situation dramatic . my mom : you are a bit selfish these days me : to be or not to be , that is the ... i wanted to say that english is not my primary language and thank you for your informative post . before , i hated waiting for buses , in line for buying , sitting in bus for commuting etc . but now i've learned our time is the cost for many things . this sentence can be like a two-edged sword ... i think when an infj , anxious and under pressure , chooses to pay attention to his own feelings ( fi ) and considering all options possible for deciding ( ne ) he seems infp . but his / her searching ... because you are not here to be like st types , you are here to make the world more humane , and it can be a tough mission if you accept it . not true and fallacy there i read a sentence that was saying : you are very good and this causes me look bad as you are explainig and showing something , mention some unwanted things and hardships and obstacles you jumped over if the person is a man with some womanish qualities , or a woman with some mannish qualities , if the person is both logical and emotional , if the person is an extrovert introvert if the ... but if you are passive , they may plot againt you ... sometimes we provoke the feelings of jealousy in others because of not knowing how to show our good quality , thing , or everything else we are very good at creating good opportunities for growing . we devote many things for reaching these opportunities , but we are also very vulnerable for others to feel jealousy of us . what would ... and at least you've become very good at writing :) i've done some presentations in front of my classmates so far , and they were like ted talks , i did them pretty good and everyone admired me , i studied as much as i could about the subject and then i ... i have an assignment and i have to do a presentation in front of a camera and send the clip to my prof , but i don't know how to turn my mind into the analytical mode , do you have any tips on becoming ... what can they give to the world ? my favorite subject , handwriting says a lot 657746 unpredictable , changing , curly ed here is a story that my isfj sister told me every night , with charaters in a poster , it was very nice for me , i think this is a typical story written by an infj : the hare and the lion . a ... as was written on the internet that these two writers are infj , i got two books of them , harry potter and jane eyre , but the books were full of details , in jane eyre , the writer describes every ... i've realized that although i like mind-wandering but it is becoming a serious issue for me when doing my serious things . how do you manage this mind-wandering thing ? how do you manage and what do you do when you have to memorize some procedures for doing something . i had to memorize some steps to teach last week , but although i liked planning and steps part of it ... mmm , i hadn't thought about this . a suggestive suggestion.teaching about health ? ? ? may be a god choice . it can be analytical , also it can be presented thru multimedia production which i am ... hi , what area of education has a good future , i want to start a business related to education and teaching , but don't know what to choose , what is your opinion ? philosophy then islamic philosophy , shi'a scholars , first book : the mansions of philosophy as i'm studying a good text , the flow of beautiful ideas and wisdom i'm getting , fascinates me , but a little of them are remembered for putting into practice , this may not be type specific , but i ... how is each personality type when they are under stress ? i think infjs become like : statue . hey , this man is very much like me , i was near to cry ... https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=-erfXFv4yYw i haven't worked in retail so far but i did sth like that , i was a guard and i had to write the name of all incoming customers and i had to be careful about influx , too much « head-up eyes-open » ... that's my question too one of the answers is : people-pleasing stuff usually backfires . i slip something by my eyes and my words into their minds unconsciously , then after sometime they will be attracted to me , or addicted ? what ? write , infjs ! write your thoghts about talking , hey , analytical , philosopher , scientist infjs , i love you , false concepts leads to false expectations . express your opinions about speaking and talking a feedback from one of my friends : whem you are requesting something from other be polite but not in a way that is like u are begging it was pretty good , wasn't it ? sometimes people say to me that i have « nasal accent » and « nasal laughs » . expressing is very crucial for infjs , whether it is through writing , speaking or pictures or anything else . i like to show off sometimes . usually it is through telling a memory and saying its ... when i'm around some people i'm completely funny and creative and talkative , one of them is my cousin . can you repeat rap songs as the singer sings or in the speed that the singer sings ? during a talk , i usually use key words in sentences and stress at them by my voice my tone of voice is different when i'm looking down than when i'm looking afront :-) this is right about me , because usually i hesitate in speaking and i think this comes from my intuition . because i know that this sentence that i want to say might have many aspects and meanings so i ... i've realized that sometimes i talk politely sometimes i talk and try to make the listener feel he is a very important person sometimes i talk and try to be educated . and these ... me too , but , but , you know , these days mastering speaking is very beneficial . here is my analysis : infjs want meaning , they strive for understanding , they want to go to every subject deep ... from childhood to last year of university i didn't like public speaking because of my high introversion and low extraversion , but after military service and one year teaching 7th grade i'm better now ... '