' i was thinking about this earlier and decided to post something . it's not so bad to be misunderstood as long as it doesn't have a tangible effect ... it's just that people have an annoying tendency to ... i see what you mean . thank you for the warning . i will keep on my toes . still , i hope you will take the time to learn how evolution actually works from someone who really understands it . * nod * i ... i failed to adequately specify in my original post because i thought it would be obvious from context . to me , that means you haven't bothered to actually think about any part of my post ( strengthened ... yes , marilyn manson also advocates the same concepts that i have claimed to be unsuccessful . go ahead and try to find a gm commercial telling people that if they don't get the sierra , they are going ... the reason i mentioned my choir friend is because you would have asked how i knew him if he was raised on a farm and homeschooled while i'm obviously a city girl with a public education . the reason i ... that's a psa , not a marketing ad . missing the point . feel it ? yes . believe it ? no . :) i know exactly what you mean ... but ... one time , my curiosity and emotions got the better of me , and i tried being vulnerable and needy and selfish in public ... it didn't change anything . the ... i disagree completely . to put it succinctly : religion , spirituality , etc . is a part of humanity . how we see ourselves in the grand scheme of things is a huge factor in how we make decisions . the ... i hope you'll forgive me for saying so but i think the concept of ' deserving ' has only caused problems for people lately . if people think they deserve more , they get to be entitled , lazy , and ... what do you mean by ' not meant to ' ? that implies there is some purpose to our existence , which as much as i like to believe we do , we don't know for sure . as for the large hadron collider , the ... i gave you two on-topic points to address , and you ignored them and instead took offense to my saying you are misinformed . what does that say about your true motives here ? i did post my beliefs ... wow ... you are badly indoctrinated and misinformed , just like my choir friend who was home schooled . how can you contest that higher elements are formed of lower ones ? that is literally why the sun ... they're exceptions in that it's not easy to tell based on the law of agape . in the case of abortion , it can be difficult because a fetus could be thought of as a person ( although i disagree , it takes ... my view is that we don't and can't know anything that doesn't directly affect us in some way , so we should try to come up with consistent and simplistic rationalizations for what we do witness . in ... perfect . we may be hyper-efficient happiness generators , but it can be hard to accept that we need maintenance too ! maybe . i kind of agree . but on the other hand , if you are genuinely ... stop doing that , imo . it's been a long time in coming but i'm starting to think it's better to ruin your relationship with people who do that than to let them walk all over you . why don't you stop treating them ( and yourself ) like free agents and figure out what the patterns are ? i think if you realize people are not fully in control of their actions - and the only reason ... is it just me who disagrees vehemently with every infp i meet on almost every issue , despite how badly we both want to get along ? really , it's mostly a matter of repeating a pattern that their parents inflicted on them . but how it gets justified - that's a breakpoint . the difference between guilt that can prevent it , and ... to me , what matters less is what their intention is and more why they do it . a father beating his son to teach him to deal with the harshness of the world ? okay , maybe that's an admirable intention ... yeah , i was thinking about posting something about this but i wasn't sure if it was an ' infj thing ' or not . but it really seems like most of us do have a deathly fear of being misunderstood , ... if they're going to be telling you what to do , then you need to protect yourself from them ; your defensive stance is justified . maybe it's not 100 % guaranteed that someone who tells you how to sit ... that's not healthy . what's making you close off ? ^ on that note ... ( ehm , no pun intended ) when just about anything can move you if you're in the right mindset for it . and in my case at least , you cherish those moments . lol , i could have told you that about him . it's a disgustingly common behaviour pattern ; you will see it all the time if you look for places where it can put itself in evidence . still , i think it can ... when you think you know better than everyone else , not because you have the best way of thinking but because you know how they think . easy : delusion . i think if we can get the civility back on track like this , then there's no reason to stop this discussion . okay . that's fair . i'll try and be a little more varied then , or explain better , or ... idrk , you seem to be confused into thinking that everything i'm saying disagrees with you and is wrong , or something . you need to snap out of this funk where you're like ' no , no , no , no , and no and ... [ rudeness removed ] ( sorry , i was in a weird state of mind ) that's exactly what happened to me :P honestly , it's not a big deal . the fact that you're on the dividing line of t / f and j / p says a lot more about your personality than trying to shoehorn you into ... you both need better friends ... :( i know it takes forever but it's worth every second you spend searching for someone who's ... um ... who will take you as you are , rather than as they perceive you .  ... duh ? :P according to my brief googling research , the most common sources of b6 are bananas , fish ( tuna , snapper , etc . ) , and birds ( chicken , turkey , etc . ) . do you eat much of those ? my experience is that ps are more perfectionistic than js , which is why they have trouble finishing anything :P none of the other factors really correlate ... it's both . they're literally the same thing . right ? i don't see how any of these statements are even remotely related to one another , much less follow from one another . i don't think ... yes but it's represented in the brain as well . if you're crying or acting weird in front of me , it's because i make you feel unusual : 3 and ... regardless of what the rationalization is , it's ... enjoy doing things for other people just because your brain echoes how they feel about it : 3 ( also applies to sex > . > ) naw , i'm just saying , be careful with these things because they might apply to a lot more people than you realize :) haha . this has started happening in the past ~ 3 days . you're absolutely right > . > ' this is how astrology works fyi yes , but you shouldn't . :P it'll only keep coming back as long as you're under stress . just because it's the most common solution doesn't mean it's the most effective , cheapest , or otherwise best ... exactly . it's not clear-cut . think of diabetes ( the acquired type ) for example . it's obviously a physiological disease . but the cause is behavioural - it has a psychological origin . hm ? i don't think ... regardless of whether it's from the brain , there are physical representations of it in there . i don't see what you could possibly be missing with regards to that . uh , behaviour originates in the brain so ... ? every ' disorder ' has a neurological / neuromodulatory engram , whether we know the exact structural details or not . yes . maybe ! yes . hm , those are some good points and info . it seems a little counterintuitive to me though ... i think of ' addictive ' with reference to everything including video games and exercise etc . whereas ... i submitted a reply but i guess it's not visible til the owner approves it , so i'll just paste it here as well . i'm a childfree infj . i think you ought to know that introverted intuitives and ... medicine is informed byscience , that doesn't mean it's science itself . just because your high school chemistry class teaches you about chemistry doesn't mean you are literally doing chemistry every ... i don't know about you but i hate needing help . why can't i just be an immovable pillar of strength for everyone else to lean on ? it works most of the time ... it's when someone tries to do something ... video games , poor memory , resentment . i'm just saying , it's not like it's some kind of official source . if you read the thread you'll see a lot of people contesting their ' findings ' which are actually more like stereotypes .. um , ... '