' what do you mean by mental pattern of patterns . i wouldn't say any of my habits are particularly bad ... when my hair is wet , or it is cold out , or i feel like it , or it is too sunny , i will wear one of my mane ( 20 ) pashmina scarfs as a head ... i really wonder why i adore life so much after days like this i really wonder why i adore life so much after months of hell in the end i know that i love life more than i show for the spur of the moment things , i enjoy them provided i dont have previous plans that they would even potentially conflict with . but if i am free for the day i love receiving a text saying lets go ... saying an intj does not like touch is a stereotype . personally i love to be touched , and when i am around people i care about , i will regularly reach out and touch them . partly to assure myself that ... yes and it is quite reliable . i have almost always had the ability to read people . however , i am also one of the first people to toot the give them a chance horn . i trust my gut instincts for ... talk to him . tell him how you feel , in a calm and organized manner . if hit helps to write down all your thoughts to keep the straight go for it . then after you tell him the problem , offer a few ... wow . that sounds like i just wrote that . fantasy is my go to , however if it is a good sci-fi ( ender games ) i am just as interested . i love reading , and if i have a good book i will finish it it in ... i did mean what , but i love hearing why as well . i was curious if the intj type has a specific interest in a genre . rexmaximus , i would love to hear more . one of my favorite past times is world ... until i invite the person into my personal space bubble , random touches are a big no go . if it is overly invasive , especially tickling , i will panic very quickly . however i also have my plethora of ... i'm curious to know if there are any fantasy / scifi authors on here . and if so what do you enjoy writing , and have you ever considered trying to become published ? i should go troll over there ! that sounds really entertaining ... ! depends , i have met some intjs that i love and others that i find very abrasive . i know my father is an intj whom i love dearly , and love spending time with , however , he can be / normally is very ... my question to you would be what is your score on the i / e . i know i follow many of the traits you described , besides the zodiac . i prefer to work when surrounded by chaos , i have discovered that ... a private engineering college or just a private college in general . mines , mit , embry riddle just to name a few . my dad is an intj . my mom is an isfp . i can compleatly relate to my dad and love him to death but my mom and i clash all the time . being late spiders sea creatures bugs being late being late and last but not least , being late that's about it not necessarily . right now i am ranked in the top 5 of the state for nordic state and in the top 15 for nordic classic . i am racing with girls who have qualified for jo's . but then again nordic is an ... i don't think there needs to be a gender reversal for shadow functions to be seen in dreaming . in fact the only four males in my dreams who have real names and faces are my two best friends my father ... i love to day dream and dream seeing as i can remember a good amount if i wake up slowly . mostly they will start out as a dream , and i will take them from there . normally my dreams are based around ... overall , i am not that sensitive . i am only alergic to pollen and that has diminished over the past few years . now i rarely need my alergy medicine . as far as different sents go , i do not like ... superstitious no . but i do have a few phobias , and karma is a female dog . but i rarely feel the need to refer to it . i am no longer a compulsive saver . google docs broke me of that . although if i am thinking of it i must be balanced . one side must do the same as the other . i will only do my home work if i am ... i love writing fiction . but most of my stories are very depressing . also i use my writing as a better way to understand how i am feeling . also i tend to write the most when something really affects ... i live in one for the most part . also i go to a school full of lying b * * * hes and unless i want a whole rumor mill just for me i have to fake it . normally when at school i tend to lie to people while ... then got carried away . the best insults and burns are made up on the spot with your quick and witty intelligence . if you have to rehearse them , well that does not say much for your intelligence . oh , and by the way it takes ... one maybe two of my shirts are black . i have at least 10 blue shirts and a few school shirts in purple and white . i also have some shirts in yellow and orange and red . then there are some in brown ... it is hard to tell the difference between my fake smile and my real one . my friends have come to learn that if i hate the person it is fake if i like them it is probably real . i also smile for real a ... yes all the time and i have yet to find a fool proof way let alone a way that works often . i will take st john's wart and that helps me with the crying ... best of luck to you . i hope you find a way ... i can flawlessly read and walk and driveways and small intersections dont bother me . also i am always getting the low self-esteem talks when people first meet me . after they see me when i am not ... i know two other intj's one is my father the other my partner for algebra 2 . me and my dad talk for the sole purpose of learning , me and the other intj for the sole purpose of making sure the ... i was young . probably around the age of one . i was also able to read by that time . i know it is just a generalized idea being someone made up to help with something . i know what you meant . i was just to lazy that night to find a better way of putting it in less than three words . 1 . see through behavior ... yes with ease . but as someone mentioned i can also be extremely obtuse . but anything someone wishes to hide is betrayed by there movements . 2 . good actors ... if people ... i love country the most , classical music would be a close second but only if it is live . my favorite artists are luke bryan taylor swift tim mcgraw lady gaga and some other music here and ... phina saures rex is a bio nick name some girls gave me during the evolution section . phina is also the second half of my name , which is seraphina . native american woman , witch , cat , robot , ghost , snake women , nothing , and quite a few more that i cant remember . also the native american and witch costumes were home made by my step mom . also ... i love face book for the sole purpose of keeping up on what is happening where i live . i have 108 friends and i know most of them on a very personal basis . also face book was decent until about a ... the distribution of your scores type one : 38 type two : 0 type three : 37 type four : 13 type five : 52 type six : 20 type seven : 28 type eight : 18 with out a doubt . my mother is the worst . every now and then i find her reading over my shoulder when i am on face book chat with my friends . yesss i love hugs from most of my close friends . and my from my bf i love kisses and hugs . but in public meaning there are more than 2-3 people around holding my hand or arm around my waist is about ... i was 16.5 and at aero camp for five days . i met him there . the guy is probably the person to get through to my mushy gushy insides the quickest . oh that was also only like a month ago i know exactly what you mean . that is what high school is for . it is a perfect place to test my ideas on how to start things without being mentioned . also after discovering mbti an typing my friends ... when i want to spend time with them or talking , texting , or facebooking . then i know . a stolen kiss two lovers met here and they shared a secret kiss in the quiet shadows they stood arm in arm holding on for the moment till life calls again when they separate my mother annoys the crap out of me . she probably an isfx and she is always trying to emotionally manipulate me . i can not stand to talk to here for more than about ten minutes every hour . my father ... when i show emotion and when i find my self gossiping . then i realize that i am just following patterns that i see in every day life i cant draw and i am not very good with music , but i do love to doodle in my notebooks whenever something troubles me . you know you are an intj when most of what you write never sees daylight ... nordic by far is my favorite sport to participate in and my favorite to watch is track '