and you never know when someone might off handedly say something that is the missing cog in a mental structure you have been struggling with . however , with this comes the hazard of a tiny little ... and you never know when someone might off handedly say something that is the missing cog in a mental structure you have been struggling with . however , with this comes the hazard of a tiny little ... ha ! exactly what i use forums for ... ah , a grammer nazi ... my apologies ! your statement supports the theory then because if we had to adapt it means it did / does indeed have an effect lol i just wonder how we would know since in that 3.9 billion years we have not experienced life without . everything is relative but since there has been no real studies , we have no idea if that magnetic field does in fact effect us . i thought for sure i would see being micro-managed on this thread . https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/df/52/02/df52025713a98bc4ee59848a3e1f32de.jpg i am a vegan lol scientifically speaking , a plant-based food is not a sentient being , does not have an innate , emotional inclination to avoid bodily harm or death ( in the same way that animals do ) , does not have a ... not that many words . not 23 . and it is an a-shirt most plants that get eaten are annuals . again . nobody called you anything way to take things personal . no one compared you to anyone . you were asked to put yourself in the victims shoes . quite a bit different . has anyone called you names ? do not think so . where as you have ... not understanding the point you are trying to get at . telling a psycho that he is a fool would not work and only piss that person off more . speaking of our culture though , my pointing out a ... fear is fear and is the one of the most primitive of all emotions . there is a reason they say that in such times a human often reverts to animal instinct in order to survive . the neural ... no doubt . but that was not the point i was making . only using it as a hypothetical that can and does happen in order to properly illustrate fear and how it might alter ones perception viewed from ... i was only trying to get my point across that psycho killers , rapists , and other forms of degenerates do exist and they tend to see other humans as most humans view animals . lmao because i am not persecuting anyone . but if i went that route i would use your very words against you--because they are not human and have no other options . and really how does this make me a ... i can see how they might . but as someone who has seen war i know what it is like to be that chicken also , telling said psycho that he is a fool probably would not prevent him from chopping a human head off either lol my rationale is simple actually . if something moves away from you , cries out or in any way make it obvious that it is not interested in dying when you are trying to kill it then it is the same as ... so long as you can agree that it is just as funny to cut the head off a person , i find no fault in this .. i have to ask then--why post to this thread in the first place ? the whole reason for its existance is to be able to discuss pros and cons and to be exposed to different views . yes , this subject is ... which is exactly why these threads exist . hahaha i agree . really though , there are many ways people can acquire dairy responsibly and humanely just as you point out . most people do not though . they drink big farm milk etc . on the subject of ... i tend to only become upset when people say it does not work or try to poke holes in my diet . i , and many many other people are evidence that it does work . and it happens constantly ! as soon as ... because we work harder ? j / k this is not true though . what you see is the result of office jobs , over eating , soda , beer , candy , processed carbs , and sheer laziness . there is a reason why diet pills , exercise machines , and ... i really am sorry if you felt i was attacking you . that was not my intent . having lived in oregon and california most of my life i know what you mean about the obesity levels in the u . s . population ... i do not mean to sound like a know it all but i am pretty sure on this subject i am much more knowledgeable than you as i am a vegan and have spent many many hours researching and refining my diet . ... really ? i do not have one . and pretty much every vegetable is a carb as well . you are focusing on refined carbs . natural carbs are whole grains and vegetable natural carbs are also excellent sources of fiber besides , everything is just a belief lol simplest explanation is probably correct . i . e . my theory but yes , it is a theory just like yours . however , this thread was not started to argue theories or ethics . please stay on subject and i ... occams razor i can assure you that i am more than healthy . it depends on where you get those carbs and there is plenty of good fat in seeds , avocado , and other foods . really it comes down to how much effort you ... don't quit your day job lol very good points . myself , i cant stand getting in fights that are a result of emotion and will nearly always walk away . put me in a cage with someone else that is there for the thrill or to test ... if that is a joke i dont get it . if not , i still do not get it damn right again , to me it is just logical . if you are a living being trapeo in one spot but need to reproduce you will figure out a way . i . e . drop fruit with seeds . i can tell you right now that as a vegan who ... how so ? well , maybe my second statement but what are the fallacies ? no . just logic . think resources knowledge is power no , it is logic . if the seeds were not digested then they would try to grow where the primary tree dropped its fruit . what would then happen ? at the very least it would be highly ... your theory seems interesting and though i agree concur with many of your statements , ( and can in fact relate to past trauma myself ) , intps like to argue the other side of even our own firmly held ... what about book of five rings ? it was written by an istp !