' in friendships and relationships ? trying to understand this better . for nfs especially . i've done it twice but always to very big cities . that helped , because i felt i could be alone while still feeding off the energy of the current of humanity all around me . i might try ... i don't want to scare them off . but maybe i'll see if there's a moment when it feels right , we're already having a deep conversation , and go from there ... thank you for this very ... i can't . i've tried . if it's just a physical attraction i'm feeling it will become boring to me , and 100 % of the time a strong emotional attractions turns into an equally strong physical attraction . some of my closest friends / relationships have been intps , but unfortunately it hasn't always ended very well ... how much i've had to do by myself and how strong i've had to be sometimes :( and how far i've come . but that's the kind of thing you can't ask anyone to acknowledge or notice . one of the things i hate the most is people texting / talking to / calling / bothering me when i'm working or busy or having my own time . even if they're people i love . at worst it'll make me angry , at ... i think i'm pretty generous word-wise to the enfj i know . i wish i could be more generous in terms of physical touch but i'm very shy and often afraid it will be unwelcome . i do quality time as much ... i wish i could do more acts of service but the enfj i know always seems to have everything covered .. i try to do stuff anyway . 2 on your list is interesting ... the enfj i'm thinking of knows i feel strongly about a certain subject ( and i'm an infp so when i feel strongly about something , i really do ) and they will say things ... what's the best , most treasured thing anyone has ever said to you ? what troubles you ( or has ) about words of affirmation and gift giving ? i've been really close to two intps , and now that i think about it neither did particularly well with these . so , i should start by buying a top hat ? the one they hide from others ? gifts , quality time , words of affirmation , acts of service or physical touch ? in what order ? if i hurt someone else i feel terrible and like i can't live with myself . i'm so curious about this . all the enfjs make it very easy for an infp like me to zoom into them , and to develop intense friendships with them ( hanging out / talking for hours a day , for example ) ... this is so interesting . thank you both . the reason i am asking is because of the conventional view that a way to get someone's interest is to shower them with attention and then suddenly withdraw ... interesting . you wouldn't feel rejected in any way ? would you want their attention back again ? say you are very good friends with someone who you know for a fact has feelings for you , who gives you a lot of attention . if that person was to suddenly withdraw their attention from you or be less ... hello everyone , yet another question in the ongoing saga of me ( infp ) and the enfj that i love . so this enfj knows i have feelings for him , or at least i have told him in the past and he didn't ... romantically , i seem to be drawn primarily to enfjs and intps . in my bed , reading a book :) i'm currently dealing with unrequited feelings in respect of an enfj , so maybe it's from thinking about this one particular enfj a lot , haha . i think if i knew these things about the enfjs i know , and the one in particular that i care so much about , i would only like them more . these secret , weird things are something that as an infp i ... when you mean your effort is pointless , do you mean that you gave the person advice or something and they didn't take it ? i guess i know some particularly spontaneous enfjs :) what is this enfj dark side you speak of ? i know enfjs who have shared with me private thoughts and insecurities , and that they get angry ... ( ignore this accidental post ) only if it's heavily cultivated or fake . i saw this mentioned on another thread . what is it like when it happens , and why does it happen ? good things : - great listeners - make everyone around them genuinely happy - loved by so many people - careful thinkers - concerned with kindness - non-judgmental - understanding - generous ... the thing is that i've already let him know how i feel . and so i don't know if it's right to repeat it to someone when they've told you they don't feel romantic feelings for you , only those of ... aaaargh i am so in love with an enfj and this is the question i have . we are really good friends , we talk all the time , i've told him a while ago that i have feelings for him and he said he didn't , ... i read a lot ! 1-2 books a week . i'd say i read 60 % fiction ( i used to use this site as a reference and pick out interesting authors : authors ' calendar , now i try to read as much contemporary stuff ... my tendency is to sleep too much , especially when stressed . in my bed i can lie there and daydream and then fall asleep and actually dream . if i'm extremely anxious , i can't sleep , but i often worry ... honestly , i've fallen in love to some extent with every enfj i've ever met .. i'm not sure you'd need to do that much work . but i do agree with whateverlolawants , the only reservation i ever have with ... if someone just liked my fb profile pic i wouldn't take that as a sure sign of interest … unless i already liked them , in which case it would make me feel hopeful . how do you know she is an infp ? if ... they both told me their types after taking the test … so that's all i have to go on . they are of the opposite sex , so maybe that's what's going on ? i do think i haven't done anything to hurt their ... i would prefer to let things unfold outside of work as far as possible . e . g . if that person chose me to have lunch breaks with , or do something after work with , i'd feel really special . if they ... hi guys . so i recently moved to a new town to work on a project . in the group working are an infj and enfp , both of whom i befriended pretty quickly . i get along really well with both of them , and i ... have any enfjs here initially not had romantic feelings for someone and then later developed them once they knew the person had feelings for them ? i don't , but i like reading about it . i'm going through this now ( w an enfj ) and it sucks and is the worst . i'm sorry . i have a lot of anxiety that people don't like me or are secretly annoyed by me or are just tolerating me . at best , this has made me annoy people who do like me by asking them if they're annoyed with ... why do you ask ? honestly , xyra , i think you are being a little mean . ' if you are planning on actually trying ' … i feel as though you didn't actually read my post . i did try - i told him that i had been shy initially ... i did the ib . i was such a perfectionist and put such impossible demands and expectations on myself that i actually did worse than i should / could have for the exact same reasons you cite . you seem ... i guess so . i really messed up , huh . :( i think i'm the victim of an enfj doing this right now . it sucks . thanks fern , allthelittlelights and shandy - this is great advice . xyra , he didn't make an explicit move , he was just being flirty . i'm really shy so it was hard for me to know how to react to it ... '