' thanks for the support , but i'm an idealist and i have to believe the world can change . :) yes , i agree , and i've told this person already . but it's not just this one person , it's a societal issue . i've lost friends i've known since we were kids , with no romantic chemistry , once they got ... the majority of society has this misplaced idea of fake honor that only your romantic partner should receive all your serious emotional attention . but everyone has a need for multiple connections . ... flaviagemina right , so your situation is completely irrelevant to this conversation , since your facts are different and your comment isn't on point at all . she doesn't know we're friends , that's ... it's about acknowledging the fact that they exist and that they are important to you , and not hiding the fact that you are spending time with them . i never said anything about being friends with ... believe it or not , i actually just helped save someone's marriage . a married woman friend of mine ( perhaps istp ) had been struggling with feelings for a single man . she kept comparing the two men , ... coincidence , correlation , and causation are not the same thing--these are mathematical and scientific concepts which you are muddying with the word link . i made the job decision based on my ... thinker types like to fall back on the argument that they are making rational decisions . studies actually show that for the most part , most people make decisions with emotions and then justify them ... the concern some intjs expressed was faux and sham , just a disclaimer to cover up the condescension they thought was warranted by their fantasies built on facts that never happened . i never said ... that may be the unfortunate state of how things are , but the ideal use of a forum like this is to promote understanding and learning , not to promote vicious pack mentality . ... the problem with what you just posted is that--once again--someone in this thread , usually an intj , simply made up facts that they imagined in their head and then drew all kinds of convoluted ... every action a person takes is a vote for the future they envision . when faced with ignorance and small-mindedness , it's always a tough call whether you should try to say something ( because how else ... it relates to the part of your post that suggests that i as an infj shouldn't go around trying to figure out what people are thinking and what might work out best for everyone , that it results in ... i wanted to add to my last comment , but you had already responded . if the three infjs i described were trying to deal with a situation , we would all be asking the same question--what is the best way ... infjs also think about implications . but every day ( as people and not robots ) we make judgments as to how much risk is acceptable . we jaywalk . we take emotional risks . we take business risks , ... for most of this thread , written 1.5 years ago , i did think he was an intj because before i got to know him , he told me he made decisions based on thinking and not feeling . but later , he said , ... i sat in a corner and had it on my screen for a minute . i didn't leave it open . he unexpectedly stopped by at the end of the day . why be so judgmental . the reason people open up to infjs is we ... infjs treat everyone with care and sensitivity . i just meant that because she was senior to him , he looked to her for direction . if anyone is at fault here , it's the intj manager for ( 1 ) being rude ... one of the things i love about this person is that he is constantly thinking about the implications of what he is doing / saying , and makes efforts to correct course--e . g . , i did this and i realize it ... epilogue : because i worked with this person , he accidentally saw this thread on my computer screen , and i think he secretly read the whole thread , and seemed very sad about it the day after , maybe ... ok yes , the alpha and beta thing may be a bit crude and maybe reflects a goldilocks issue on my end . i was a girl who was raised to be the prodigal son , so it means i'm not heteronormative , and the ... thanks for trying to share your insight in a non-judgmental way . i don't know if the other person has any emotional issue at all . i had sensed that he was flirting a bit . i was a little ... thanks for your understanding . he didn't invite me to his house , but our other coworkers had parted for the evening and he indicated his intent to continue walking with me towards our homes in the ... again , you're conflating sex / romance / love / marriage . if my partner wants to get to know someone platonically , because that person has something genuine to show him about life , i would let him do ... rough edges ( i . e . , blunt honesty ) are fine . the nastiness i have seen in this forum does not equal rough edges . it's just narrow-mindedness and lynch mob mentality . i appreciate that you are trying to sound agreeable , but i also get that your sense of self relies heavily on what other people think of you ( in this case , the intjs in this forum ) , and there's also ... one of the strengths of ni is the ability to see the same thing from different angles . it actually is not logically inconsistent for me to say that i think marriage is outdated , yet i will respect ... it's fine to disagree with people . it's not fine or productive to say , i disagree with you , therefore you are a terrible person [ this second half is a personal attack and in violation of perc ... op : hey intjs , what do you think of this ? intjs ( mostly istjs and undeveloped intjs without a lot of life experience ): i dunno and i'm not going to try to digest the facts in your wall of text , ... [ quote =D izzy 4 ; 2547691 4 ] see this is another problem . you somehow assume that my asking you to value this guy's marriage relationship , is a reflection of my view of the world . i said nothing about my ... good relationships don't fuck up . they confront the complexities of life honestly . no one's talking about a casual relationship . i take all my relationships seriously and believe in them more than anyone else does . that's why , as i said earlier , my significant exes are all ... he didn't run away b / c i was creepy . i said he approached me with his work problem , ran away in embarassment , i addressed his work problem , he was appreciative , i thought of some more things later , ... you have a very static view of the world . life is more complex than that . most people didn't believe in gay marriage , then they did . people who didn't believe in it talked to people who did and ... thanks , i read your additions . i don't think it was too harsh--i can handle a lot . so , i don't think i actually want marriage for myself . it's a historical institution that was instituted when ... thanks for this . again , i don't want anything sexual or romantic ! i actually have had genuine friendships with married men in front of their wives . where their wives read the emails and chats and ... thanks for the kind post and insights . it's true that i'm awash with emotions . that's my natural state . it doesn't bother me . nor does a little bit of suffering bother me . i'd rather have a ... i don't really want to have anyone . nobody owns anyone . i don't ever want to own anyone . that's not the goal . the goal is to have an honest exchange with someone . you let them see into your ... i do in fact have an online dating profile . i got thousands of messages last year and didn't want to date any of them . nor do i want to date this man , which should be clear from my post right above ... but everyone has a limit of understanding , regardless of type . i'm acknowledging my limit , i'm asking about others ' limits . i'm interested about the frontier , what does it feel like there . intjs ... i appreciate your detailed thoughts . morality : i do believe in morality . what i've learned the hard way , though , is that romance / sex / love are not all bundled together in one person for a ... i don't actually consider us friends yet , that's the funny thing . what i've learned is that people mean different things with the same word . when an istp says change , they don't mean dig to ... good point that different people see that line differently . i understand that a lot of intjs who read this will see that line very differently from me , but i'm asking readers to use their ni to look ... there are people who live in the center of their comfort zone , and others who like to live on the edge of it . if you stay in the center , you will never cross boundaries , but you will also never ... well neither of us are comfortable with work . on my end , because meaning lies in authenticity and relationships and that's not the kind of place where we work . we work for a pragmatic , ... i'm deleting this for privacy reasons--i posted some facts to get some insight , but they're mainly being ignored , my questions are not being answered , and i'm getting personal attacks . it turns out one of my new co-workers is an infj ( he thinks he's an intj , but i'm pretty sure he's an infj ) , and i've never met anyone like him . he's quiet and accommodating ( more agreeable than i ... if i had said entj women , which types of men do you prefer to date ? that would actually be more exclusionary , implying that women only / must date men . it's too bad you felt it was narrow-minded of ... i started this thread b / c i don't fit into a heteronormative role . but i'm straight , so i only speak for my experiences . i spoke about my challenges with intergender relations--those between men ... what you are saying sounds reasonable and makes sense in theory , but like you said , there are differences among istps . mine made time in the beginning--a couple of times a week--and neglected his ... '