' keep it coming , people this entp interaction is delicious <--- contrary to how this sentence sounds , i'm not actually creepy : wink : only 4 entps joined ? ! thought you guys were extraverts ... ;) :P awww yeahhh yep . two of you added me . ( omnomnom and zach jbi ) later tonight i will be able to talk , during the day i will have work to do . let's talk ! add me on skype : doctorjuice 1 if you must , add me on google + : doctorjuice1@gmail.com . i can talk about whatever , whenever . <--- this statement is entirely true if you take out ... intj vs entj : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xwFGUkQhr4 thoughts on the video ? let me know what you think ! for discussion : 1 . in general , do you get along better with intjs or entjs ? ... intj vs entj : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xwFGUkQhr4 thoughts on the video ? let me know what you think ! for discussion : 1 . in general , do you get along better with intjs or entjs ? ... okay intjs , let's talk ! i'm free on weekends . my skype username is doctorjuice ( how surprising ) . i'm open to using google hangout as well . reply or pm or whatever if you want to chat . if you ... 56 enfp data ( definitely an enfp ): 75023 these are both from the same interview ( taken from my perspective , so to the left in the pictures would be her right ) . a lot of ... looks like i never replied to this , sorry about that . no , no particular deadline . because of certain circumstances , it turns out i won't be able to do anything video chat related until june 10th , ... studies specifically done to link physical characteristics to personality have failed . also , in my experience , typing through facial expressions has led to just as many mistypings as accurate ... hey there ! thanks for the answering the questions . can a movie really be judged by a title though ? i don't think so . :) well , maybe occasionally ... interesting bit about ni you said . i can ... bobdaduck pier 56 congratulations guys , he's an infj ! i'm very impressed actually . i'll put you guys up to the test two more times , then i will be convinced of this method . okay , thanks for the detailed response . i'll wait for pier's response before i tell you what his type is . ( i'm certain of his type . ) love the directness . no fluff to get in the way of improvement . ;) yeah , i've gotten some complaints about flashing the pictures too quickly for this video . in the past , people have had generally ... anything that incites in you a high degree of emotion ( any type of emotion ) . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3C6Pziwcyy0&feature=youtu.be based on his eye movements , what do you think of his type is ? also , i am slightly above the camera , so sometimes he makes eye ... imo , i think impression was a u200bgreat word to use in the context . i like your definition , but it is dense ( takes focus and time to understand ) and long , and youtube videos are all about doing things ... thanks ! it's great to hear responses such as these . yes , there were definitely more nuances of ni i could've gone into . how ni sees ahead / predicts , how it just knows , aha moments , and the form ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PQL0Z_vBCq4 i attempt to paint a picture of an intj ( figuratively ... ) in this video . let me hear your feedback and critiques ! discussion / questions i have : ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PQL0Z_vBCq4 i attempt to paint a picture of an intj ( figuratively ... ) in this video . let me hear your feedback and critiques ! discussion / questions i have : ... i would be fine with that . haha , tomorrow will probably not work , but if i find myself with time i will let you know . i'll take any entj i can get . lol i'm up for that . great . i will pm you around that time . or vice versa . let me know if you have any topic ideas . looking for entjs to converse with or do a video correspondence with . any takers ? i'm considering video chatting or doing a video correspondence with one or more entjs . any takers ? let me know any topic ideas that you have . prerequisites : - you have to be certain that you're ... the whole point of the video was to isolate the function . sure , in real life you will never find a person who uses only te . however , you can see people who exemplify te or people who use te to an ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YYoD5cAmRv8 this video looks at some of the theory behind te . what do you guys think ? accurate ? feedback welcome . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YYoD5cAmRv8 this video looks at some of the theory behind te . what do you guys think ? accurate ? feedback welcome . my hunch on this is isfp . really , i don't like typing people through text , and i like to be very certain when i come to a conclusion about a type . based on this survey alone though , i say isfp . pier 56 bobdaduck could you guys post pics of your other intp data ? i think that would be interesting . also , as a suggestion , you could post pics of the data you have for each type and describe ... videos where i am pretty much talking normally : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5un9I7gIJ5Y https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m2IBH-0rqTo i think he was mainly saying it was written in ti language . he boils down three major ideas i'm presenting with those colors . he thinks i am correct in these ideas . i flesh out these ideas through ... arkigos your post #91 was a wonderful perspective . i find describing the ocean too simple a thing to be indicative whether someone has a preference for te or ti . for instance , had i not read this thread , i could've very ... skullfracture most of the answers in your op could apply to either type imo , so i wasn't really able to gather anything from it . i'll wait until you fill out acerbusvenator's survey . :) my intj / intp video is a bit of an enigma . i don't really understand how / why it came out that way . i still like it , but i'm sure if i redid it , i could make what i was trying to get ... i don't believe i am merely saying the same sentence with different words . your key is , indeed , on target . the sentences you highlighted do fall into the categories you have created . however , ... ha . what about it sounds ti ? any specific parts that are especially ti-ish ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r_Yz52zWw7o&feature=youtu.be well , do these characteristics ring true ? what is your take on te ? feedback welcome ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r_Yz52zWw7o&feature=youtu.be well , do these characteristics ring true ? what is your take on te ? feedback welcome ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cr7zFXXXiKk video talks about fi strengths in general and some specific infp strengths . feedback welcome ! :) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cr7zFXXXiKk video talks about fi strengths in general and some specific infp strengths . feedback welcome ! :) yep , i agree with this . in other words , it's constantly affecting you and part of you . yeah , i definitely agree with that . is this in line with what you were saying ? i think the inferior function has a significant ... as for the bolded part , i don't think i said this directly , and it is not a statement i would advocate . if i did say it , however , then i take it back . as for the second ... why , theoretically , would teenagers be the best ? i could try to do get a video of myself in regular conversation , where i'm not thinking about eye movements . pier 56 i would love to hear some updates on this project . i didn't mean to imply that will smith is an introvert , just using him to show confidence . and i can't change my mouth or eyebrows , sorry ! '