' okay , so i am in love with someone i am pretty sure is intj . he sees no value in actually finding out for himself but either he is a socially and emotionally effective intj or he is a very bright , ... i wake up every morning and say to myself , hmmm how can i be my most infj'esque today ? then i make evil plots to manipulate people and break hearts and be cold and aloof and obviously superior which ... what , you mean it isn't summer in finland right now ? ;-) i get to brag about living in the balmiest part of canada but i still go out with hat gloves and scarf on most days . also , where i live it ... i sometimes say exactly what i think regardless of how others will react , and definitely more so online where i have little at stake , but in my personal life i censor myself regularly because if i ... i am infj most certainly and i do not feel misunderstood on a daily basis and i do not assume any time that i am misunderstood or disliked that it must be due to my infjness . infj describes may ... this baffles me , this issue that i keep reading people have with infj females and i wonder if it is because we tend to expect or rationalise any perceived arrogance in males more than we do in ... once i got beyond high school , which was a very very long time ago , i never really had any awareness of anyone actively disliking me . certainly it's possible that some didn't or were neutral on me ... i used to do this a lot and your question made me think oh hey i don't do it so much any more and then i realised that's because i am significantly less social . otherwise , my best strategies for ... i'm sorry for your loss . :-( i don't give unsolicited advice and at my age far fewer people seem to seek advice from friends than they do in their twenties . in my twenties i was a regular advice giver . now i just offer ... i'm rather under the impression that most infjs dress according to whatever their own definition of doesn't draw too much attention is . i put all insects carefully outside and preferably in a plant . i do this even with the weird , ugly , creepy and otherwise not-cute ones . however , i never squee . :-) maybe i'm too old . i get this ! i've had this experience not just with thanks but when in some way someone indicated interest , affection , admiration or some sort of positive and flattering response to me and then i ... i don't know if i dream in colour or not , though i simply assume that i do . i am too busy focusing on the meaning of the dream to notice if it is in colour or not . i assume that if it were not in ... also , you could assume that soapy water ( shampoo ) has run down the length of your body and sort of washed your legs passively . i i would intuitively loathe such a place . is the problem perhaps because some intuitives are intuitively magical thinkers and others are intuitively skeptics ? less glitter and more moss , maybe ... yes , i do also get fully formed ideas in my head which i then write down . typically a whole sentence forms in my head at one time , but it's as though i don't quite know what that sentence says ... i think while i am writing , thoughts are only half formed or they are formed but i don't know what they are until i write them . i often write quite a lot and then delete some of it , sometimes half ... oh my goodness yes , this really upsets me . sometimes i just leave the cafe . i think actually that is sort of what i am trying to say and to sort out here . we all have different levels of what we see as passionate or as emotional . i just think i am being normal , perhaps a ... thank you for your input . are you not interpreting my question as how can i not be so emotional ? i do not think i am overly-emotional at all . i just experience some people who overestimate the ... those are all definitely good points . i made my question a generalised one but i have actually specifically experienced this problem with a former spouse and with a parent . there isn't any ... i agree . i am new here so sorry if it's annoying that i'm responding to an older post . i am reading everything so avidly i forget to look and see how old it is . i loved all of the detailed info ... yes , it worked for me too and i got estp . i was cringing the whole time i selected answers that were not really me and it was really hard to do but weirdly fun at the same time . thanks ! yes , you have described exctly what happens when i converse with my mother . i don't think i've ever felt embarrassed for someone letting it all hang out , but i wonder if i might come across as too ... i think i have a very expressive tone of voice , that's a good point . i probably also tend to vent to my mother who just hears that her baby is not okay and she wants to toughen me up so i can ... [ quote = kirjuri ; 2483720 2 ] the purposes of these two threads are getting mixed up . i would also count in the counsel thread . [ / quote i suppose the purposes could overlap somewhat though i did ... - i am quite skilled at typing on my laptop while it is off to the side and the cat is on my lap . brain off . i can feel my body today . arrgh ! body ! i never know something is bothering me until i start to rant about it , but usually it is some huge ethical topic unless there is someone outside with a leaf blower and then i will be too busy ... i make a lot of eye contact when in conversation with a person . i suspect i come across as very intense . if my eyes are wandering the subject is a bit trivial to me and i am being distracted . i ... that makes a lot of sense , though i often have troubles articulating that . i think i am literally looking for some things i can say in response to someone who accuses me of having an emotional ... i think i get you . i use the word truth a little tongue in cheek . i do like to talk about morality , ethics , religious views and religion but i am also cautious when getting into territory where ... i find that when i get comfortable enough to let my guard down and try to describe how i think and feel about an issue , the person i am speaking to gets the idea that i am much more emotionally ... i spend a great deal of time exploring topics that interest me through reading and i seek serious journals , books , articles and qualified people in that field to read . i develop many of my opinions ... i want to participate but i am rantless today . it's still morning though so one of my usual pet peeves just hasn't hit me yet . i don't know how to tell this story in short form . lol i am sure there were so many factors involved but let me assure your breaking heart that i finally ( took me a long time ) got out of the bad ... thank you for your very detailed and kind replies . i should add another confession : i always come across as having more anxiety than i really do because i am very comfortable verbalising my fears , ... sarcastic humour is my strongest suit . keep your knickers on ! i did try to add a winky face and it seems to have not shown up . i am sorry that you have chosen a dubious role model of manliness but ... are you sad not to be seen as someone to chat about truth with or are you using that as an expression ' sadly i am not that bro ' = so back off and don't talk to me ? lol-i'd never ask this in offline ... some of this definitely makes sense to me . i would say that when i dress i am aiming to be subtle but polished , appropriate with a slight touch of individuality . never outrageous or trying to draw ... i don't know any other infjs that i am aware of but i am somewhat aware of my own typical mannerisms . my eyes go all over as i am taking everything in , also i am keeping an eye on my safety . i ... lol-this is exactly what my intj sweetie would say to me and i love him for it . so sensible . yes , this is a really good point . we want extroverted feedback , we need to be told we are appreciated even though we will probably shuffle our feet and say aww shucks it was nothing . i have to ... i think it has something to do with how what we give to others takes a huge toll on us but that doesn't show because part of our value system is to appear as though we effortlessly give . happy home alone with my cat . i am always trying to be perfect and then i feel immense guilt because i don't even know what perfect is so of course i can't achieve it . trying to be all things to all people is exhausting and ... well , i am an atheist and i basically agree with the poster above . humilty based on realising we are all human , all have flaws and strengths , most are trying our best , most people are good people ... i really don't want to do this but at the same time i believe that being adaptable and flexible makes me a good person so i will suppress my own wants / needs and do what you want but damn now i feel ... i don't understand te because i don't use it . i am a ti user and my mother is a te user and i always accuse her of having black and white thinking and she gets very indignant . we do seem to be ... '