' 716017 this is what it came up with . i am leaning toward 7w6 , there are some things about 9 that i identify with . when you are in your work clothes hours after your shift because you get caught up in other things that you forget whats going on in the moment . i am pretty sure that's what her boyfriend implies . which is sad really . i think she can be feminine at points , and she is probably the best boss i have ever worked for . does not micromanage me at ... so question for women entj's in particular , my boss is an entj , and her boyfriend said it's like dating a man can you relate to this ? she said she gives a firm handshake and he told her that . i ... so apparently i am an earth dragon 1988 , some of the descriptions don't really fit , but it's fun to look at . i generally try to be as 50/50 as i can , but i know that isn't always the case . some weeks i am just too unmotivated or mentally drained , and i spend a great amount of time to myself . i live with a ... basic questions : 1 ) newly 29 years old . 2 ) currently in saginaw , mi 3 ) my social life exists of playing online multiplayer games , and occasionally at the bar singing karaoke lol 4 ) currently ... sexual chemistry is a flat out must have . the better the chemistry , the easier it is for me to be intimate and show my affection . sexual chemistry + intelligence = win . nothing sexier than being with ... hello everyone , i just need some more clarity about the tertiary fe and how this plays a role with the extp types . i would definitely say that i am a team player , i do enjoy the team building , and ... hey guys , have any of you taken the predictive index test for a job or career ? i am interested to see some of the results and compare . for example my d ( haha ) is the greatest of the four , c being ... i was offended ... when someone told me they were offended . now that you have read my title ( i heard it actually works ) , i guess i can introduce myself . my name is jason , i have been into mbti for a few years now . i just kind of appeared on this site one ... i confess that i am afraid to fall in love again , and be vulnerable . i can learn to let go of the little things and move on , but i have been burned a few times . i usually make the executive decision to remove the toxicity from my life , especially if i'm not invested ... 98322 what the hell does more capitalistic mean ? lol please share yours if you have an okcupid , curious to see some of the traits that okc labels you with . there are certain things that i absolutely love about fe , but there are certain things that throw me for a loop . ive been in long term relationships with infj and enfj respectively . i can tell you ... this was more of a joke , i wasn't being 100 % serious :P u200bthe pessimism , it hurts . unpopular opinions : it is better to be poor and happy doing something you love , than being rich doing something you loathe everyday . you have lost the minute you start conforming to societal ... checked out the book psychological types today at the school library and decided to give it a go . i hope i will actually challenge myself to read it instead of procrastinating and just letting it ... i love how a lot of these istj's are like as long as i get my personal space . this makes me laugh , and want to facepalm in disdain also . personal space is one of the most important factors in a ... lol yeah right . i bet you 100 $ when he goes home and has alone time , he is thinking about all that bullshit that just happened . he is playing up his ne-te to you guys . i have done it , most enfps do ... sometimes having fi is just so raw , so heavy sometimes . its like a paper towel that is soaking up the emotions . we are so absorbent and unlike fe that just pours it out , we just keep absorbing , but ... i actually do some of the same things . we are friggen ne doms people . we are tangenty mother fuckers . i cant keep my attention on things like studying for too long or else i just go nuts . if ... its much like ne-fi also being quite introverted at times , its just because ne isnt a directive function and when overloaded with stimulus , we tend to just go hide and process all the shit we just ... hey there trish ! we are everywhere around here so it isnt hard to find a fellow enfp wandering around the forums . :D welcome this made me laugh pretty hard , just becuase i do the same thing . that ne man . always picking up shit . it just comes natural for us to get all this information about people , clothing style , body art , ... yes most definitely ! ! this is because our ne looks beyond sense data , so we dont really give a shit what they are wearing , we just gather how their person is on the inside ! we look through all the ... yep , no boundaries between me and the person i like . i will stop what i am doing and go out of my way to talk to them or hang out with them if possible . i am definitely a little bit touchy and i like ... well i guess i didnt look hard enough then lol he is definitely ti dom , he is very analytical and concrete in his ways . he loves breaking shit down to see how it works . ti-se at play there . he is more calculated and always looking for that ... one of my best friends and roommates is istp . i will have to watch for his brows when i am talking with him or just in general . i know for a fact he uses he hands alot when speaking . always ... how in the hell is there not a thread about this ? let the appreciation commence people ! i grew up with my best friend wade , who is infj . we just connected so instantly and even though we don't live ... indeed , i love to laugh and smile . i always have a blast with my roommates when are all hanging out in the living room and having a good time . yes , i have been asked that too , many times . :) i am an enfp , and i stay up super late doing last minute homework , because realizing it's due tomorrow gets my ass in gear ! i had someone ask me today if i was on acid lol ! na , i was just in high mental energy ne mode ! if you were here i would never be far , but near . if i was there i would give you nothing but care . over the years , i have spent my life covering your tears , and protecting you from your fears ... 75909the most recent one of myself . i realized that the girl that i saw wasn't in fact an enfp but an esfj . how i got that mixed is beyond me . i must have been blinded by her outside persona . when we met and she spent time with me , it ... that was a very amazing video ! ! ! i love home movies ! so much ne there haha . hey let me know when you are down for a interaction video davesuperpowers's channel - youtube they are creating a website called intuitive time . its still in the works .. although you should check out those videos . anyone available for some video chat ? depends on how mature or developed the person is ... immature enfps who aren't in touch with themselves and know what they want out of life should not be in a romantic relationship imo . same goes for ... they need to come up with a very specific cognitive functions test that isn't so vague . something that sets all of the functions apart from one another vastly so we can get a more in depth reading on ... yes , i do the same . you explained it perfectly :D this ... you took the words right from me . well i can relate to you quite well being an enfp . i am like a social nomad . i can meld into any group but i usually feel removed because i do not feel like i am apart of the group . i think its just ... yes i avoid doing that as well ... interesting . my brother used to say , my mom said this . i used to say , well dont you mean our mom ? or just mom ? lol . in fact my wording is so different that some ... '