' 54586 adelaide labille-guiard is my favorite painter . anne vallayer coster is my next favorite artist . 54587 i'm guessing they were both isfp's type 3 ' s . entj , intj , and esfj i started being a vegetarian when i was eleven . it was something i cared a lot about . i taught myself how to cook . i am still almost vegetarian , but i recently changed and started taking cod liver ... 6w7 3w2 1w2 sx / so i'm very fearful of people but at the same time i really like and enjoy connecting with people . sometimes i feel like a three and sometimes i feel like a two , but i am primary a ... both the best and worst things about being an isfp for me have to do with being sensitive . the best thing about being an isfp is my ability to appreciate beauty and the worst thing is finding ... i am also high on words of affirmation , but highest on quality time . a person can give me affirmation , but if they don't care about trying to spend any time with me , then i don't take their ... frenetic tranquility i'm sorry if i haven't helped find a way to help your girlfriend . she sounds kind of fragile , like me . i'm less fragile than i used to be , but i am still that way a lot . i ... there have probably been other threads like this but i wanted to know from other isfp's what your love language is . i just learned that my love language is quality time . i try to give people my ... actually don't ask about that . i've had trauma in my life like a lot of people , mainly from my dad like i mentioned . that's why i go to therapy . as for inventing reasons not to trust people , i'm ... i do get elated when i feel like i can trust people . i get a lot of enjoyment out of being able to trust someone and i idealize them a lot if i like them . i have a funny story : i told the entj i ... the way i feel when i'm stressed is i have to have ( blank ) or i will die , ( or be in a lot of pain . ) it's always that i want something that i think will make me feel safe . my mom is also a six , a ... i'm 100 % certain i'm 6w7 , 3w2 , 1w2 that's what i meant about my three part . sometimes i feel like a three . i actually used to think i was a three . but the combination of 6 and 3 isn't as fun . ... i wish i was a 3 , not a fearful 6 . part of me is a type 3 , but i'd rather just be a plain 3 . well , i hate that i come across like i'm in bliss . gives most people a false impression of me . i ... i realized i was describing the cycle i go through as a type six with people : i come across as really trusting , then i feel vulnerable that i came across as so trusting , then i am scared away by ... people don't understand being so emotional . i either have people feeling protective of me or repelled by me . i guess how emotional i am makes others feel like being emotional and that repels some ... this discussion brought up a lot of questions for myself . are isfp's the most misunderstood type ? i sometimes feel that way . i think i have a split between my te and fi , or my thoughts and ... this question kind of hit a note in me . i know i can come across this way too , simultaneously wanting space and being treated unique with people not understanding me . i have fear behind it , maybe ... i don't know if this will help you at all or not . i was thinking about how you keep mentioning infatuation , and it made me think of something i've heard : loving someone else is kind of like loving ... i never knew this hornet . that's very interesting . this discussion led me back to thinking what this discussion is about : isfp's being led on . another think for an isfp or for myself anyways is ... i guess i can't answer your question with knowledge . i have never been in a relationship . my dad was very abusive , physically and sexually and i've had a hard time trusting men or knowing what they ... that makes more sense . don't want any pressure for a relationship unless it's for sure , for sure , for sure . pressure for having a relationship does sneak up on me and i don't know what to do . i don't really relate to wanting to date ten people . it's just that a person will have to be worth all my obsessive thinking and worrying otherwise it's better to just avoid relationships ... i think i read that isfp's usually go about never thinking about relationship's and then when they do it is the only thing they can think about . this is true for me . it is hard to not get obsessive ... purple , pink , and brown ( together . ) i like colors that look bright and delicate at the same time . ( i love the rococo period for that . ) my three favorite chefs are i think two istp's and an istj . ( and all type one's . ) i like more just getting a good feeling with cooking , like having a family feeling and i like entertaining but i ... i taught myself to cook starting when i was eleven and i decided i wanted to be a vegetarian . i don't think i would ever be good a cooking professionally , but i like it as a hobby . i don't enjoy it ... i only put things in categories as a last resort when things get too overwhelming for me . if i'm not overwhelmed i don't do it . it's not my first impulse . an example is i collect hundreds of ... i think my ni shows itself in that i question my feelings a lot or what the meanings behind my feelings are . i think probably that esfp's don't question their feelings as much as isfp's . i seem to ... i do believe that if you have been abused it makes it harder to tell if people are genuine . i know from experience . you could got for the first person who gives you affirmation even if they are ... i like some christina rossetti poems , and the memoirs of madame vigee le brun . i think it might be too sad for other people though . i consider christina rosetti a genius for some of her poetry , and ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?list=LLnoCs44STCISQJ3Pdb_RarQ&feature=player_detailpage&v=-N4hRGk5ZK8 http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=jQTRHKFAZ1s thanks for sharing . i haven't really looked at baroque art that much compared to rococo . my favorite painter is adélaïde labille-guiard , who was also known for painting silk : 37128 http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=X3MVyrCkQMY http://www.youtube.com/watch?list=FLnoCs44STCISQJ3Pdb_RarQ&feature=player_detailpage&v=spyF7ZoLB48 fancy gowns in museums ! i love looking at fabric patterns and embroidery too . 36891 36892 36893 anna netrebko's voice . she has such a unique voice that doesn't sound shrill compared to some ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=GSgx1jwAdJ8 agent blackout--i see what you mean , but still , when i tell it to myself , i feel like i feel what i sense , like i feel the environment---sorry if i've confused anyone . didn't mean to . it's just the ... enormous hatred--this is a list from another post i made kind of talking about the same thing : and here is my re-edited list , if anyone wants to say which they like more : fi-se definition ? put feelings / internal values in experiencing . ( i mean experiencing in a literal concrete taking things in kind of way . ) this leads isfp's to express themselves through action ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?list=FLnoCs44STCISQJ3Pdb_RarQ&feature=player_detailpage&v=JLeS7nOOpXw here is an actual serenade song . b positive . i've heard of this idea . i wish i could find out why some countries in asia believe in it . also from what i've heard about type b , it seems somewhat like enneagram type 6 to me . my ... i am a libra , born on the cusp of beauty . beauty has been a big theme of my life . i'm very sensitive about it . i relate to these descriptions , found from the site pluto's child . ( i would put the ... i felt this way all the time throughout junior high and high school . their is a little section on alienation in the book psychological symptoms , by frank joe bruno , phd . i really like this book . ... i knew an entj who was a really big influence on me . i looked up to him a lot as a father figure / authority figure . he gave me a lot of confidence in myself . even though he's studied psychology , ... marzipan 01 - - what do you think a healthy integrated 4 would look like ? ( since i am trying to integrate to 1 with ocd , but it is in an unhealthy way . ) i admit you've convinced me i'm a 4w3 ! your posts were very interesting . i thought your statement about 4 ' s reaching for security at 1 ( ocdness ) and falling apart more at 2 was very insightful . i ... marzipan 01 - - i've been trying to think over what you said more , but right now i'm confused . i'm going to show my therapist your message next time i see her and ask her what she thinks too next time i ... well , i was trying to sleep and i can't sleep so i might as well reply to your message . i think i am such an abnormal 3w2 because of my childhood . i don't think i'd be so reflective and withdrawn ... marzipan 01 - - thanks for your message . i am more than willing to talk over my enneagram type with you . i'm afraid it might take a while though ! i will write in more detail why i'm thinking i am a ... '