' sorry for the mess but these are my favorite quotes . a few of them i actually could say i live by . we make a living by what we get , we make a life by what we give . the greatest weakness of ... i'll give this a shot . thanks for this , just feeling really down and lonely , ( no pun intended from my name ) having some issues and feeling so wierd and incomplete and heartbroken over a choice i had made , not sure how to deal with it and i could use some input . if you're willing to hear what i have to say ... i took another test , i guess it updated to what i tested as after the 3rd or 4th time lol . i have an issue even opening up to my mother when i talked to her a while back . but how do you trust people so easily ? my best friend of 15 years i trust him but not enough to open up to him . how did ... i can agree with that , at the end of your statement we hide behind our intuition , finding truth in people before we reveal our true self . do you really believe we can fully open up ? i feel the same way . the part of not opening up is the hardest thing for me .. i can't even open up to my girlfriend of 1 year , i have so much things buried inside that i'm scared to tell people . i ... i am a very closed off person , not sure if many of us infj are like this . i feel like i have a mask on all the time , hiding the real person underneath it . i seem to think people do not understand or ... i seem to be struggling with the firstt part of your saying . my girlfriend seems to keep asking me to open up and let her see the real me , yet i can see right through her.is it possible for us to be ... just a couple titles that i've read are more fiction , like james patterson the woman's murder club - all 11 books so far ! very interesting , detail is what brings me in ! and my favorite book in ... it's hard to pick what i want , my girlfriend and her family are amazing . i love everything about them ... but i haven't had this feeling that i can't keep my eyes off this one lady at work . like i ... i love this work , only because i am a perfectionist . so every dish i send out has to look nice .. the job is ridiculously stressful . but i get paid decent which is why i stay . my girlfriend also works ... i have been holding back everything , for about 2 weeks now ? somewhere in that timeframe it's all been hitting me .. i know i can't tell her , she never forgets anything , not even the most minute ... i work at a restaurant , i cook in the back , both saute and grill . it's always busy . we did 14k in sales just at the dinner rush .. so it is stressful , very stressful .. i just haven't had this go on ... i can't tell my girlfriend only for the fact that i am unsure of how i feel , as odd as that sounds .. i've been with her for almost 9 months . she cried when she thought i was gonna break up with her , ... so i've had a horrible day at work , haven't been sleeping much , consistently asking myself questions of all natures , what's going on ? i've been feeling somewhat empty , unsure , kind of emotional ( ... i mean this for you to take offense to it since you obviously have no idea what you're talking about . cops are protectors and predators , it comes with the duties of the job they enforce . before you ... hey mosh , i tend to have some of the things you've mentioned in your post , putting others above myself ( i seem to do this all the time ) i don't see this as a bad thing honestly . as you had ... was typing very late at night , i fixed it . sorry for the mistake ! i can't believe i didn't catch that myself . i'm currently with an intj and enjoying every minute of it ! i'm here to hear everything you'd like to share . i'm glad you have an xntj in your life i feel that any infj should . it's what helps us relax and open up ( atleast from what i can gather from this ... that's how i am already ! i think long term , nothing is short term for me it's not worth it ! i'm glad that it's working out for you i hope it's like that for me ( infact i seriously want it to end up ... i was at the same point as the other person who stated the opening up factor . for me it was to have a deep conversation where we were both in deep thought and at that point we could open up to each ... well finally back onto here in my free time ! figured i'd give those of you who wanted and update ( if anyone cares anymore ) on how things went ! well for starters the meeting with her parents went ... so i was browsing around and i stumbled across this thread : http://personalitycafe.com/intj-forum-scientists/27047-top-5-things-intj-women-prefer-men-other-women.html i noticed that a lot of women ... i choose to go out with her , we make the choice together which is nice . i connect with her on such a level most people can't understand , i enjoy the company and i love every moment of the time i ... i had crystal ( girl i'm dating ) take the personality test , she scored intj which to me was nice , but i don't understand why we both enjoy going out when we're both introverts . extroversion | 16 % orderliness | | 90 % emotional stability | | 56 % accommodation | 70 % inquisitiveness | 64 % i'm experiencing it in the recent few months . i've met someone who takes my breath away and the time i enjoy is so much more than i had ever had before . since this has happened i've seemed to ... this is exactly what i was looking for ! thank you for the feedback . i wouldn't consider myself clingy , but i really enjoy her company . my best friend i live with i don't know his type yet , but he ... we went on a walk around my neighborhood yesterday ! thank you for the feedback , what i'm really after here is something that's a common interest between both of us and i want to spice it up ! i know how she feels about me , this post in general is meant to find out your experiences and thing you've done . i want to know things that interest you as an intj . i don't know if you had read and ... hey guys hopefully i could get your attention from the little title up there . :p i would love to hear some of your thoughts about infj's experiences / relationships - ( how they are / were ) ... the three most things i seem to get complimented on now a days are : 1 . my humor ( ability to joke about anything even in a bad situation ) 2 . writing * poetical and literary types * 3 . my ... no ! her name is crystal , scared me for a minute ;) hopefully she comes back to you , i could definitely see why you'd wait . she makes me feel like there's nothing else around me to worry about , and ... since some of you wanted an update on how my pursuit is going i figured i'd give you the latest on it ! cooked her dinner last night , went very very well ( she loved my cooking :) ) next big step is ... i definitely will ! it's been a long time since i've pursued someone , hope this pans out for the best ! i'm so beyond happy from tonight ahaha . :) ) ) thats how i feel ! like i can open up to her already and that's something rare . i'm usually the rock i hear everyones problems / complaints .. she listens to me and understands everything , it's ... it will go well , i meant tomorrow night , i don't know why i had put tonight lol . i think it will go well pending on what happened tonight :) finally got a kiss after 5 weeks . :P i am working on it at the moment ! we've spent quite a lot of time together in the past month or so . since we're both introverts i would have thought we'd like our me time . but it seems for me i ... all of those hit me about her . that's exactly the words to describe this girl , and a lot more . what are your thoughts on intj girls ? bad / good experiences / relationships ? i'd like to hear about it . the girl i'm talking to is intj and not too sure what to make of it . i like everything about her , ... i've been talking to this lady for about 3 weeks now and i'm still curious about her . usually within about 3-4 days i've gathered everything there is ( that i want to know of ) about someone that i ... i talk about this with a few people , but i feel everyone has a meaning , whether it's so love someone and be loved back or changing someones life with a talk . some people were put here for a short ... i'm content with being single as most of us seem to be as well . i only pursue people that interest me , which happens to be about maybe 2 or 3 people in the last 5 years . hard for me to find someone ... :P i judge myself for feeling like this . it's like i feel wrong about feeling the way i do but i cant seem to help it . test complete ! ( restart ) 40 % isfj 13 % infj 12 % intj 10 % enfj 8 % istj my little situation is along the lines of this , but not so simple to just open up at it at this point in time . ( before we jump to conclusions i am straight so it's not anything to do with that ) i can totally agree with you on this , i'm afraid to take any leaps because everytime i do it's like i leap and fall straight down . i think only 1 person has seen me show my emotions and that's my ... bahaha , i got b - >:) i'm close but not as rare as you i suppose ! i haven't seen any other 100 % introverts on here though :/ '