' ok - i am definitely putting it on the table for thought because i did always identify with ni . i think you made good points so i will have a think on this . ive never been considered an fe dom before ... tyranamiros thanks for your reply , i greatly appreciate it . yeah for some reason i never thought my interest in theoretical physics was a sign i was a t type anyway . further from that , people ... ps : ksilva im glad you figured your type out - i think enfp was fitting for you ( ive been dating an enfp for 5 years and you seem really similar to him in your answers . hes probably a lot older than ... thats interesting to me that you picked up those things because istp was never given to me . i appreciate you leaving feedback . i agree i am laid back for the most part . i almost feel like i should ... ksilva - do you mind elaborting a touch ? ive literally never gotten a ti dominant typed for me before so im curious . ive gotten esfp - entj constantly but never a ti dom . yeah i think enfp also . im going by what youve shown to be dominant functions and not simply by the letters . ne seems pretty dominant , but you may be an fi dominant user . im not the best an ... 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... ive been dating an nfp for 2 years and hes amazing . entjs and nfps both use fi and te , so its not really a terrible match from that standpoint . if the nfp has their shit together and the entj is ... this is really stupid . you have no idea what youre talking about . personality typing is not about not being able to comprehend feelings because youre a t type , thats absurd . read more about ... i agree . you should read up on it and see if this describes you thought process . yeah i understand what youre saying completely . and yes , there was a point where i was just like , ive had enough . i really didnt know what i wanted because i wasnt sure how he felt . i mean , ... be yourself and do what makes you feel good . i've found that when i am single , not forcing anything to happen and not focusing on it is way more beneficial . do things for yourself that make you ... yeah thats a good way to put it i think . i know i have a tendency to attract ixfj types , ive had a one year relationship with an infj and a 3 year one with an isfj . to be honest the isfj one was ... i can see that . i dont recall making an assumption . i can clearly see where i wrote , .. if you dont do drugs ... i dont care for semantics :p roud : thanks for your post anyway sorry , what do you mean by semi-duality relationships ? actually , an entj could totally be an attention whore ( but i could see where you were going with your thoughts on the extrovertedness :p roud :) if te is really strong , i mean really strong , that ... ^ ^ awesome advice . i too really dont like not being invite / included in things that i would like to be involved it . te dominants are stimulant junkies , much like ne users are , and it can be in any ... even when not asked is a very typical te thing . te doms need to correct , not to be smart asses or be vindictive , its because that is the nature of te . te see's when something is wrong , based on ... no no i wasnt trying to imply that mbti type is correlated to alcoholism or drug problems . i think you're misconstruing what im saying ( maybe ? ) . im trying to see if other ne / fi dom users can relate ... wow thank you . best comment i've seen since i've come back to the forums . thank you , and yes these are all things that i have been trying to do in order to motivate him to keep going and be sober . his issue is that he needs to see that he can be both interesting and have ... hm ... i cant say i've ever been a loner . but i can say that it takes a specific type of person to be my good friend , and those that i have been friends with for years are the ones that can take a ... i dont work in a corporate setting or really around people so i dont know if this helps , but ... if i have a goal , i internally figure out what i need to do to make it happen . i try and seize ... i think he is generally happy , but ... my ni hunches tell me hes internally not very happy . i think he needs to focus on the things he needs to do to make him happy . when we first met he talked about ... aw shucks thanks martini , just educating the masses . or trying to . ok that makes a lot of sense yes i definitely understand this and know that but i suppose i meant to say that because fe is not in our first four that the likelyhood of us being more concerned , ... i have been dating an enfp for about 6/7 months now and it has been going extremely well . we literally have no problems except for one : im fairly certain my boyfriend has a really bad alcohol ... if you use te , ni , se , fi , then youll always be an entj . literally everyone goes through phases and has a weaker or a stronger day . in the end youll always be using the same shit ( ie : your ... thats really interesting , so your underlying motivations are like a 7 but mentally you want to keep everything in line , etc because of te im guessing . im not a pro or anything , im just merely ... sorry i totally disagree with this . entjs care more about what others think about them ? thats highly unlikely considering intjs and entjs both have the same functions , just a different order . what ... an explanation ( possibly ? ): an entj - 7 would be kind of confusing because they're sort of conflicting . a 7 is based on being free spirited , enterprising , wants to have fun , pleasure seeking , etc , and ... ah ok , gotcha . those are some nice ideas indeed :) i will assume you haven't read much into te or ti descriptions , and if you have , then you're doing it wrong : crazy : im not good at reading posts and deciphering what functions your using via your ... your wing is sort of like , the added part . for example , if youre an enneagram 8 , you could be 8w9 or 8w7 . the number can only be one below or above the initial , like if you were a 7 , then you can ... this is an awesome thread , nid . a lot of people dont have a clear understanding of what makes a personality type , and besides using the letters e , n , t , j as a reference point , function order ... sorry , what does being romantic / mushy have to do with being practical ? buying food across the street is more practical than buying food 200 miles away , most would agree this is pragmatic ... uh why hasnt anyone in this thread bothered with functions ? that will determine your type , not do you get drained by people or are you organized , etc ? have you checked out whether or not you ... if i were in this guys shoes and i had talked to someone for a couple hours on the phone ( granted im not a guy , but if he uses te / ni we should think similarly ) i would only do that if i was ... well done for finding your correct type diphy , i will miss our entj connections . good night , sweet prince ... oh wait . i talk to you all the time . i typically get 8 with a strong 9 wing , in second place is 6 , third is 3 and 1 ( although i dont relate to 1 perfectionism very well ) . i relate extremely well to 8w9 , and also relate to 6w7 a lot ... i'm the same way . i think it's because stating the obvious is funny to most people . entj / intj humor tends to fall into a sarcastic / flat tone category , although i know two entjs that i speak with ... have you taken a cognitive functions test ? keys 2 cognition - cognitive processes i highly suggest taking this and seeing whether you get te as a dominant function or ni as a dominant function ... i can't speak for all of us but i do things in a timely manner in terms of what is the most important . i believe most people do this though . i procrastinate things when they are of little ... are you sure the guy is an entj and not an estj ? it's my experience , and talks with other entjs on this forum , that using ni in their functions ( te / ni ) , you should be able to get the entj friend ... the enfp male im currently seeing seems to have the same opinions displayed as most of the enfp men on this forum . he has told me many times he likes intelligent and confident women , those that ... ive been without a car for 3 years in seattle . i have to say there are times i miss it very much . cycling in the winter is incredibly shitty . however it keeps me in relatively good shape ( unless ... it's my experience that being too aggressive can be a bit overwhelming for some people , thus scaring them off . to which i then think , what a pussy ? perhaps it's best they did get scared off . also , ... lol as a cyclist , that is my primary mode of transportation in seattle , however what you mentioned above i hold for cycling laws . i hate when drivers dont use turn signals . i've been hit by cars ... hmm im privy to doing both , depending on my energy level . im a cycling commuter , i am dead tired when i get home , it's very hard for me to interact with people in such a te manner ( as you put it ) ... great at planning , i have a 10 year plan . i understand things are subject to change but they wont if i can help it . never really meticulous about note taking , although i do it sometimes . '