' wow i'm so much like you .. yeah i do the same things ! i feel like i'm being too inappropriate when i think about someone too much . i seem to have a hard time differentiating crushing in someone and ... justice . everyone gets to be themselves just as much as anybody else , compromise . gender / racial equality , gender / race doesn't make a social obligation . sorry about the msg instead of message .. okay so i'm sorry if this seems self-centered . but i'm an intp girl and i msged an infp boy something like , hey ( would you be scared if i msged you .. i just want to be friends ... ) well where i live , ... of course not ! that introverted thinking makes us question stuff ! : wink : i think you're intp . most entps won't go so deep into questioning something because they use their ti to support ne , for intps it's the other way around . also you're going to be aware when you're ... like that's the truth .. people only hang out with people like them . we make friends through us . it's like we do what's natural and no one actually cares . like some people care , but they're really ... wow ! that's a lot like my mom , but i react much more aggressively . i'm just like you're wrong and i try to get alone time . if she interferes it can get a bit physical , i try to control it but she ... i've an esfj mom . esfj parents are affectionate , but they try to use guilt manipulation . okay , it never works on intps but i just don't like the idea of it . most people who rebel need understanding ... although honestly sometimes i think there rules and guidelines are overly strict . my isfj friend's mom didn't let him go to any new place in the town . too bad , he was intp .. i have a few good friends with isfj parents . i'm pretty sure they'd annoy you in some aspecr . in fact i really feel bad for the entps and enfps out there . oh and the ni thing yes i agree with you .. makes total sense .. well i'm slightly intp . but i understand , this happens to me a lot . i think what you have to do is broaden your view and don't let stress to this far . if you feel stressed out ... anything crazy yet sensible . double meanings and puns can make us laugh ... ;-) the more we develop ourselves the worse it gets . they're good to be around as friends or family , but talking to them for anything except basic needs can create a lot of conflict . but it's not ... hmm nice thought . i agree , we are quite nice , but we aren't the best at dealing with our emotions . what about the occasional emotional outbursts ? we need to work on that but i still agree that we're ... yeah i've been hanging around with a lot of infps including my infp best friend if that sounds a lot like fi . ;-) same here ! but that's ok , think about how shameful they would feel once you do something great in the world ! i think we should all just follow our interests ! yeah ! i'm an intp girl , and my acquaintances call me dumb , weird and senseless , but i don't really care what they think . the same people often overwhelm the intp guy in our group of friends , like his ... yeah ! same here ! i'm good at certain topics i enjoy physics , neuroscience , anatomy , philosophy and yeah i like math . i was better in elementary school . as i grew up the school system ended up being simply memorizing , ... i guess socionics would help you with this . well i've met an intp girl before and she was a good person to get along with . but at the time she liked anime and i didn't , and i wasn't aware of mbti , so we just remained friends . i have an ... so true ! you make so much sense ! ' re users do it not often because it helps them deal with their emotions better ! i guess religion can be a good thing . but a could substitute would be trusting your ... you're an intp ! the fact that you're questioning if you're an intp makes you an intp ! it's simple , think about what you're doing at the moment ! istps would just believe what is . so if they see ... well i know an intp who seems to avoid the person he's attracted to . but i think many of us do that because we don't know how to express our feelings . well i don't really avoid the person i feel ... i have 1 close friend . if you'd mean someone i could share my deepest thoughts and feelings to . she's an infp . then i've a few good friends who i can talk to freely . intj , entj , isfj , enfp . i haven't ... * fall we do call in love . we actually have feel feelings . but we're afraid of rejection . so we would just mirror what you do . if you initiate we'll agree . but we won't really express it much because we'd ... intjs are better at chess and so are entjs . but us intps and entps aren't far behind . i think nts and maybe stps are better than average at chess . what do you mean worth it ? type shouldn't be a barrier . if you feel like sharing something with a sensor do it . if you feel like being great friends with her / him formulate a friendship . as long as it ... yeah i agree with that . also rest when you're sick . i think it also has to do with traditions . like respect other's traditions as long as they ensure justice . just don't do one thing . don't create ... just read the descriptions . if that doesn't work , you're an ambivert ! woah ! you completely resemble me ! i often stress over having a serious disease , when i feel slight aches or the common cold . besides i know i'm healthy , i play sports just as well ! at the back of my ... i feel you . ( or think you i don't know ;-) ) but i think if you can't find any like-minded people in neighbouring areas of school / college / work , like me you may not be considering well enough . it's ... falling off the roof of our house ! misunderstandings .. okay we likepeople who question things . but we actually really value mutual trust in close relationships.if we think you're close to us , and you break out trust , we'll be really ... yeah nice ideas ! laughing while looking into someone's eyes works well ! also engaging in casual conversations more ! what do you mean where do they go ? well we just follow out interests and those can vary from person to person . ( although libraries , online , maybe parks i guess . well it depends on our interests , but ... i meant nerd . he's called the nerd by our friends .. not the need ... well i know an intp guy and a lot of girls often like him . i think it's because of his quiet demeanour , and he's often viewed as quite knowledgeable . he's called the need by our friends so i guess ... well we can and it comes with a great satisfaction and trust in the discovered truth . but it all fades away in a short period of time , when we realise it's all subjective . it's like there's always ... yeah .. i feel like i care about people and i am human . i feel like i just want to fix everything . but the sad truth is , life doesn't follow one's subjective guidelines , it follows objective ... entp : i view them as nerdy her sociable . like a combination of wit with people skills and side that's a lot of charisma ! intp : well of course i can relate to them really well . it's fun to be around ... what do you intps think about social obligations ? it just always irritates me when people think it's morally incorrect to be great friends with the opposite gender . or the whole interaction just ... this makes total sense . i hate out school system ! i think the school system lacks balance . all 8 functions are essential life skills , but te , fe and si are encouraged more than others . have you ever felt like you can't relate to other intps ? what do you think of intps ? do you think they are weird ? do you think they are good ? do you think they are bad ? do you like being friends with intps or not ? i am just annoyed ... why would they do such a thingy ? pretending to love ... it would just hurt me that the relationship wasn't honest ... the break ups and cheating stuff doesn't hurt much , we can just forget about the person and break up no big deal ... '