' well the last time this happened was just recently . i was watching the last lioness and just basically cried my eyes out through the whole documentary . i totally identified with lady liuwa . i don't think it's one way or the other . i think there can be objective truth , for instance , if i step out in front of this bus i'm going to get hurt and the same applies to all people . i also think ... ugh , yeah , sometimes it's just impossible and way too much trouble to even speak . i'm sorry for your step-mothers behavior . just try to remember that it's her own rotten soul spilling out , not a ... there is power in ideas . i'm worried about it because i worry when ideas are valued higher than individual human life , as well as the consequences of choosing to do so . these consequences are ... what do you guys make of this ? does it seem like it can be possible for china to have an overpopulation problem when these ghost cities exist ? ghost towns of china : satellite images show cities ... notice how the replies that are really negative and counterproductive are taking your questions and replies personally ? they then try to imply things or directly attack you personally . i think that ... i only have male friends . i gave up on having female friends outside of the internet . i think that would change if i met an intp chick but i think we probably just walk right past each other and ... yeah , i don't mean to demonize americans , i just haven't lived in another country so i am not aware of the paradigms that exist within them . i don't really go anywhere without my mp3 player , always a season ahead of fashion trends which makes me uncool and i will give you the go away look just because i'm lost in thought not because i ... you know ... i had a much better time when i lived in a what i call a real city . this city here where i live in the midwest just might be killing me . i miss diversity ... but i have a plan , just ... get along with people at work when they generally treat me like shit if i act like myself . but ... this thread is helping me . just because they treat me like shit , doesn't mean i have to agree and it ... when i say we i mean as an american culture . it seems the muslims are the new jews , the cause of all our problems , the biggest threat to the american way and american life ( when it is less a threat ... is anyone aware of how similar our paradigms are to those of the hitler's germany ? i'd much prefer us spend our energy in committing to preventing the degradation of top soil worldwide and stop centralizing all our resources ( taxes , labor , etc . and all civlians worldwide ) into ... haha , yeah , thanks for your view on this . there is a happy medium i'm trying to get to and i think you express it beautifully . i freely choose to abide by the values i continue to try to understand in greater and greater depth . i guess , from your perspective i'm choosing to be a slave . from my perspective those who don't try ... i dare say , it is you who needs to supply me with proof of overpopulation . people seem to misinterpret my strong opinions as me thinking i'm better than everyone . i cum in my pants when i can find someone who isn't afraid of that and can teach me something . actually i just realized something . i don't like these people i'm being fake around . i fake it because i have to to get by , to survive most of the time . i think i might be projecting my dislike onto ... damn it , i was supposed to quote ruski ... bah ... i'm going for a walk lol . i do actually enjoy people telling me their narratives .. it's just when the narratives are empty and fake ... and the vast majority don't even seem to have personalities ... you know ? actually this ... ( ( wodashin ) ) kind of exactly how i'm starting to feel , like i can't make myself out through all the bullshit . i think i should take your warning , as a warning . have you thought of becoming a ... the looks on the faces of the state dept when they first reacted to the arab spring in epypt was priceless . all i know is that it suprised them . we are living in interesting times for sure . there is ... it scares me how so many talk like parrots about this subject . i hear copy-pasted arguments on why people won't have children or think people who do are evil ... constantly . i guess they will go ... i've really been working hard lately on smiling , involving myself with really boring and pointless small talk , and trying to build relationships . it's nice and i feel powerful socially in a way i ... 1 . debate to prove a point . 2 . debate to find the point . 3 . debate to show the middle ground versus allowing only the extremes of situations to be expressed . yeah i do have a hard time setting boundaries . this post really woke me up to it . it's like i expect everyone else to let me know what's going on in their minds and with their feelings , however , i ... when i think of social norms i think of what is normal and expected of us among our cultures . that's a good definition . pretty similar to what i think everyone meant by it . so it's what i'll ... my tendency toward living fast and hard or slow and easy . i can't seem to find the balance everyone else has such an easy time finding . my inability to keep a job and feel happy in the same ... there are occasions when i get pretty vocal about stupidity . i cannot , cannot , cannot , shut my mouth when someone is preaching some idea that negates or devalues individual human life . relgion is big ... i can't really help with your first question much . i don't know much about types yet . my first impression is that this is said in a context that pit two extremes against each other . it seems ... i just spent 8 mo . of my life doing the same thing . he acted really sweet early on , with a few warning signs ( that he must have been aware of ) but would convince me his ex was to blame and he just ... i've never thought about it that way . most people think i'm crazy when i tell them honestly how much i think intuition plays a role in my life ( so i don't besides apparantly this forum ha ) . it was to ... yeah , i seem to have a buffer of a foot or so when people try to merge , cut me off , whatever . it also seems to be most active when i am doing the right things in my life . like i get into a mentally ... p . s ... this whole thread has been small talk so i don't think most of you intps can get away with pretending you don't like it anymore :P i identify with your whole line of thinking . i get pretty sad sometimes because i don't relate to most woman or men and when i do find someone i can relate to it seems to always have strings ... well since you can't read i'll point it out for you okay :) women have caused the high rate of no fault divorce because they get bored of their marriages and are too narcissistic to care about ... lol . well i dont ' know if everyone should remain single but a few guys on this thread are gonig to do the best they can for the rest of their lives ... and bitch about it and hate it at the same ... i just don't get it . this type and these threads about them are so weird . it's like ... my ex knew what he was like , but couldn't come to terms with the fact that it is that bad . to follow a course of ... lol ... such bullshit . whether you believe it or not , talk like this is exactly what has and will influence young woman to think of themselves as you say they shouldn't but profess they must because ... if i don't care about the person very much they will think i'm nice at first and mean latter . if it is my family or friends or lovers then even if i'm not always capable of giving them everything ... i don't know what it is about this site ... but i can relate to so many woman here . i feel so much better because i thought it was me . yes , i know i'm online ... but i'm talking ... i'm pretty sure you are both saying the same thing . : tongue : i can really identify with this though i want to fight against it . i really want both ... even while i'm thinking about wanting to find one person and settle down i just feel all weird and loopy ... eh , that's just an excuse ... i'm holding myself back right now because i'm frightened of my seemingly endless possibility . hmmm ... you kind of freak me out , but i also feel like i should probably listen to what you have to say ( if not agree with it ) . also , this is very true for me and i think i might be delusional because ... and if someone doesn't follow your rules and principles ? this is too much . i just discovered this site and mbti and just broke up with someone i was thinking was becoming abusive and here i am reading all of this stuff on this estj forum and it's freaking ... you are just taking the words out of my mouth . : sad : what do you mean knock sense into people ... ? '