' the kind used in zero point modules . but really , psychological energy . motivation . excitement . those sorts of things . the flower petals sort of look like pastries from that angle , for some reason . looks absolutely delicious . yes , this is not very helpful , but i saw it and had to say as much . between the two ? you seem more infp to me . your reaction to the image doesn't seem like se at all . your willingness to share your emotions , interest in trying new things for the sake of it ( after-party ) , preference for interpersonal activities , relatively balanced fi / te , and very weak si / se all ... i , me , my ... she's constantly referencing herself and her feelings , primarily considering others to avoid disturbing her own sense of peace . furthermore , a strong fe user ( almost ) never has ... i'm thinking isfp 9w1 . total fi dom , and you seem to be taking in all the details of the picture and show signs of weak intuition under stress . i'd guess intp . definitely si-ne , your emotional focus seems to be outward ( fe ) , and you view debate as a test of your beliefs ( ti ) . i'm probably totally off-base . except si-ne . i'm pretty sure of ... hey , ammy is the best wolf around ! :d ry : ... introverting drains your energy . gotcha . why does your signature mention playful arrogance , then ? ah . that's a good point , and it makes the issue a bit more complex . it now becomes a question of whether instinctual preferences and their reinforcement truly qualify as emotions . basic feelings of ... haha , no . i'm just proving it's been widely observed and documented ; therefore , it must be possible . i'm not , but that's not really the question . there are quite a few known mental disorders which involve permanent or temporary loss of emotion . spoken like a true fi dom ! not everyone is the same as you , though . many people legitimately can make decisions without factoring in their emotions . it's true that they can't maintain this mindset ... evidence shows the big five personality characteristics exist and the mbti personality characteristics strongly correlate with them . however , no big five or mbti test has been proven accurate , and ... from my experience , the most obvious sign of tertiary ( and maybe auxiliary ? ) fe is usually a desire to leave a lasting impression on the world , capture the minds of many people , etc . you didn't ... amaterasu : there's no evidence that everyone uses all functions . in fact , the idea is patently absurd . realistically , it is most likely that the human brain has two judging centers and two ... uh ... do you think fe is the only function capable of empathy ? you're focusing on how you feel . in response to another's feelings or not , that's definitely not fe . what do you propose it is , ... yup . scientifically , though , i agree with wakachi . i've seen no convincing evidence that ' time ' actually exists . my conception of it is just a way to explain my perspective , as a human . intjs don't usually have ideas , though . njs have great and important talents , but they're best at implementing the ideas of others , building optimized systems , and recognizing significant trends ... so can you . you're always motivated when you find something you really like , aren't you ? accomplishment for accomplishment's sake doesn't satisfy you , and seeing you force yourself to make an ... yes . there are better types . like enfp ! bwahahaha ! intj is for lamers , though . pssh , what fuddy-duddies , always focused on accomplishing things and never enjoying life . what's the point of life if ... my inferior te alarms are sounding ! man the cannons ! this is a big one , men ! if we don't stop them before they hit the gates , this fortress is done for ! really , though . and yeah , i agree ... owfin : so ... do you think intp with strong si a possibility ? ' cause i was totally thinking it . a little , but mostly si ( comparing current beliefs to past ones ) , and your speculation on whether it's te is ne . oh my god . the fi . all of the fi . how do you manage to fit this much fi into a single response ? ! there's some weak si . you feel inferior where te is involved , then ? that's some ... ni does not consciously create . ever . ni simply knows . if you create something , you're using ne . that sounds like ne . ni doesn't say something different or read . it discerns the truth and knows . ni is about understanding existing systems , intent , etc . ne is about coming up with new ... as i understand it , ni-fi paranoia is about being deeply convinced of elaborate conspiracy theories . if you're imagining random people you see are somehow out to get you , that's ne being strangled by ... well , when you get stuck in an introverted dominant-tertiary loop , you always escape from it by using your extroverted functions . could you describe it more ? that way , i could better tell ... you're acting petulant , acerbusvenator . wasn't i supposed to be the one with the personal issue , here ? or are you dropping all pretenses of rationality ? myers-briggs type indicator - wikipedia , ... the empirical evidence for mbti ? the fact that it correlates strongly to the big five , which is nearly universally accepted in the scientific community . by the way , claiming mbti is all ... amaterasu : anxiety is associated with the fi-si loop . i've felt bad in a similar situation before ! that makes me feel bad now ! from what i can see , there's absolutely no way you aren't using si ... i love your analysis of the picture . seriously . a pleasant feeling washed over me just from reading it . you're comparing it to your drawing because of your si , by the way . the way you keep ... ti / fe ? seriously ? classic infp . weak te and si . that's fi . i'm not doing anything i see as wrong . stop getting so angry about it ! oh , that's interesting . just yesterday , the subject sort of came up with me . ( that is , i brought it up and went on about it for no particular reason . ) i say the past does not exist , the present is ... acerbusvenator : you attack my argument based on your frustration with me ( pretty openly , at that ! ) and assert the reliability of your method without offering any evidence ( as usual ) . that's not very ... oh , sure , i see a glass of water , nothing else . is si . just the facts , not the details . however , there's plenty of ne in there , too , and the fi is unmistakable . why don't you want to be an ... i'll just say my opinion hasn't changed , haha . that's not se . that's not technically wrong , but i think it's more useful to think of it like this . ni understands the intended meanings , purposes , and / or most likely implications of what has been observed . a ni ... it can be useful because it provides more information about the thoughts and opinions of the person , but it's not a 100 % guaranteed this is your type ! solution , contrary to how he tried to apply it ... : alright . i'll check acerbusvenator's arguments and explain my disagreements here . ( this is tenebrae . i changed my name . ) - the inferior function list . the problem with this is pretty ... oh , yeah , definitely . it just doesn't feel right to play a character who doesn't share my moral standards . ... even if i fail to live up to them sometimes in real life ... that's interesting . i can't even keep up with rts , so i prefer to play turn-based games and arcade-y stuff where you don't really need to think to play . i'd really like to know more about ... by the way , ne can find meaning , too ! lemme try my hand . http://farm9.staticflickr.com/8154/7478752620_5f2381faa2.jpg there are many people walking on this road , each casting their own shadow ... : i'm really having a hard time imagining you as anything but an np at this point . your ne always seemed curiously strong , and there's no way you could just fake it entirely . you're also ... i haven't used this method before , so i'm not totally sure , but that seems to reinforce the idea of fe over si . the tertiary function is typically the one we prefer to use when escaping from our ... iscem 42 : here's a question . do you find it more comforting to ... connect with , impact , and / or impress other people ? or nostalgically reflect on the past and / or revisit old interests ? ah , yeah ? do you say it just to say it , or are you also interested in how they react ? '