' http://www.wisdomhousebooks.com/smiling_buddha_paid.iStock_0002111209XSmall.jpg:laughing : hey welcome to the forum fellow enfj i have the power of persuasion . hmmm yeah you pretty much just described what i think about all the time . im hyper analytical to its fullest extent . im studying social psychology because im infinitely curious about like said ... ok ... so im fully aware of my power of persuasion . i was aware of it even before i knew i was and enfj or had heard the name carl jung . im aware that my means are passive aggressiveness . i honestly ... well i was recently wondering about what you posted mainly because i go through that all the time . i believe these behavioral changes occur due to my surroundings and the people around me . i just ... i can completely relate to your posting . to be honest i believe sometimes im more aware of what people are feeling around me than of myself . oh and if you feel cosmic powers are trying to tell you ... ha i found it strange it took me a while to really think of something that just drives me crazy . my conclusion was people who think they are better than everyone else . that and sarah ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vQVeaIHWWck those are all really awesome tats man . i would like to see you draw a turtle in the style of your art ha ! mutton you pretty much just described me . its just so easy to be biased about anything . its easy to get see the polar opposites t about something because those are the clear definitions . when a ... indeed . so do you have a favorite philosopher yet ? nice to see another enfj noobie like myself join the site who is also interested in the same things . hope we can share some good ideas well the odds of you wearing a color nobody else does are pretty close to none , but maybe you should try something with like yellowish and black ? ha i guess the name is serving its purpose then . : tongue : thank you thank you . : laughing : hello newbie , fellow newbie here :-) this is a really great site hope you benefit others and from others : laughing : i have to comment on this simply because this is something i was feeling yesterday with my family . i was feeling that although i am looking out for them and trying to do right by them in a way i am ... hello everyone : happy : . im new to the site and curious as to what ideas are floating around and curious about the people imagining them . open to anything that sparks any from of thought . '