' hey jewelz there are a lot of theories about duality in socionics and how these relationships work out . if you haven't looked in to it yet , then you might want to give it a try - i'm positive ... i admit that i sometimes have really perverted thoughts . :) stop dreaming so much and start doing ! find a purpose / reason as to why you have to do what you have to do . sometimes we fall in to the pit-hole of dreaming but dreaming does not get you anywhere if ... haha , i have an esfj sister as well and i relate to all of that , including the hide in my room thing . i like to go shopping with her because it is the perfect environment for her to show her ... they are big bowls of candies ! :D and i'm not diabetic - yummy , yummy ! - on second thought , just give me a salad , or maybe a bag of chips :P to me he seems more ti and fe - more fit for an entp i'd say it depends on how mature and open they are to each other . i would imagine that it would take more work with this combination - but i guess all pairings have their goods and bads if you can ... every man is the architect of his own fortune . thanks a lot ! i'm glad it made sense :) yes , i consider myself as being happy or at peace . da_gobbo explains it quite well . my life before was pretty much an emotional roller coaster , today it's less bumpy and a lot more consistent . i ... as long as i can provide for the lifestyle i'm running , then i don't mind . it would not be right for me if either of us were a burden to the other . you haven't scared her away if she is still holding eye contact he is trying to synch with you - to read you in a nonverbal way ... it is a way to connect and in my case it is very much needed . i see it more like applying things to what is already there . like putting a rocket engine on the bike and giving it wings . when i watch these pictures and videos i see much more than just the ... i think it's more about applying emotions and ideas to what you see and thereby create dream yes i feel like i'm stuck and never moving forward when i enter a routine . ( job , school ) ... that is however if i don't have any other activities to do . i think the key here is to find a hobby or an ... what if our life is a game of sims ? stay neutral for a couple of days , see if she pushes your relationship with her any further - if she does then ask her what she seeks in your relationship . by giving her a way out , you could say ... poll <3 this reminds me of the overly attached girlfriend meme thanks :) i like this , i'll remember that ! haha i do this too ! act as if i'm not aware of my surroundings , when in-fact i'm looking for more dots to connect . :P you are sitting in a bus that would take you anywhere ... where would you go ? the bus can fly . you are sitting in a social situation and you are having a good time laughing and stuff - suddenly ... for me it's more a question of motivation . i was good at math but i had a hard time figuring out where to apply it in real life . what annoys you the most about the infp ? from your perspective , which things do you feel we should try to work on ? ( besides the obvious be more extrovert . ) do you think it's hard to spot an infp ... september i eat , i sleep - i dream , i wait i eat , i sleep - i dream , i wait i eat , i sleep - i dream , october spend some time thinking about what is important to you and why it is important . think about what makes you sad and what makes you happy . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kV0IJjp9YBs you mean like happiness ? :P love is like a fart ! some are loud , some are silent , some can reach unimaginable distances , others , only to be felt by the closest . love is like a fart ! unexpected at times , uncontrollable at ... second time i snapped my ligament doing sports . i was thinking : this must be a dream - i have just spent over a year recovering to fix this problem ... this is not happening to me right now . that ... ahrg ... take me with you ! ! ! :D sent from my iphone using tapatalk - now free i'm too nice for my own good : frustrating : i really love nature ... camping , watching animals , the smell and the feel of it . i have extreme dreams of what i would like to do in it . i guess deep inside me there is another story of into the ... idealism : they live life in an intently personal fashion , acting on the belief that each persona is unique and that social norms are to be respected only if they do not hinder personal development or ... okay okay ... we both have fi we both have ne we both have si we both have te ... hmm ... this is so hard ! ! ! our functions are placed in the complete opposite order , so basically we are each others ... i have had different experiences with smoking it . - in a relaxing invironment - say , in an apartment with a couple of friends , i can get very tired . i usually fall asleep in these situations . - in ... i dream of doing a lot of things - i just don't know how to start doing them . yes . you stole my words ! :D we have our own natural way of practicing leadership . -> leadership styles - leadership skills from mindtools.com what you are describing , the way he is acting is so similar to the way my cousin would act . they can be so passive aggressive , stubborn in an almost childish way . <- so frustrating ... infj's focus ... i agree with this also the enneagram describes different levels of healthiness which also has an impact on how you perceive and act . basically you must not think that everything you read is ... physically go to his house and apologize for hurting / angering him - and ask if he has time to hang out . ( turn up unexpected - don't let him know you are coming . ) think about it this way - this is ... thanks a lot ! this information is very useful to me . marry me . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CpDBQYVQHc8 1 . no . i genuinly want them to understand my perspective since i as well accept theirs . this - it's like discussing two different subjects in one . it is so frustrating when they refuse the ... can you please explain this as well ? it is so interesting .. :) hm .. i'm sorry i don't think my personal experience would be of any aid to you . ( you talk about thoughts being the thing keeping you up ... have you tried meditating ? ) have you considered seeing the ... '