' i was reading through personality types by jung , and he mentioned that ni dominants often grow towards two paths . one where ni colors the judgement of the individual , and they begin to see everything ... it's not even a question of good or bad , but people always judge . you did what you did in life . even if it was a regret , it happened and that's the only way you grow , nobody has the right to say that ... it's okay if somebody has their own preference . i've seen too many women whose self esteem is ruined because of their natural desires . i've seen too many men who think alcohol is what you need to ... girls like sex . i used to doubt it in my youth , but by god it's true . women want and need casual encounters as much as any man , and they shoot for it . they want a night of fun , an experience to ... is intolerance justified ? or should we be intolerant only of intolerance ? but as an fi user , my natural instinct is to claim , my emotions are my own , stay away from them and i'll decide for myself how to feel . it's tempting to believe that when somebody is influencing me ... might i direct you two to ... this thread ? fe's insincere ( misunderstood ) displays of emotion - intj forum don't take it personally . he's got the urge to experience the world and grow . happened with my enfp friend who travels without a clue where he's headed . listening to their emotions leads them to ... maybe when people are confused , and they earnestly need to know , it turns to despair . what about things we don't understand about the things we deal with daily in life ? can one be confused about ... i don't know too many entps , but never really got to the point in which i realized how ' deep ' an entp is . i'm a little curious as to if this has something to do with how you guys think , ( or more ... i've always wondered what facet of my personality places such a strong association with genuineness , this deep desire to see unbridled expressions of one's feelings , opinions , thoughts , or ideas .  ... i have the feeling that many people who feel as if they're not understood are , in a sense , not understood . they don't have somebody they can share their thoughts and feelings with in a way that they ... i don't intend to be critical ... but this worldview is closed minded . people do things for a reason , and though it may often be difficult to relate , it does not make it a bad thing . i agree ... ts are constantly wrong about the facts . temperament doesn't really dictate how much idiocy somebody has . there've been people who really aren't pleasant from every walk of life . which book / series would you absolutely recommend to anybody who has remotely similar interests to your own ? mine would certainly be the lotr series , though if their interests are similar to ... another note about war : it's not entirely accurate to despise war as bad when you condone all other sorts of hostile actions and effects . the state of the economy of any single country governs the ... absolutely . vegetarianism , mostly as a result of my fi . honestly , i don't believe i'm actually making a difference . i realize that true improvement will only come from a top down change or ... lol sorry to hear we're frightening . unfortunately , many intjs don't know the value of subtlety when it relates to logical and scientific accuracy , so an interpretation of logical inconsistency is ... self awareness isn't about being aware of one's own actions . it's about understanding how you come across to others , understanding how you affect the world . self awareness comes from having a goal ... he's using you . infjs ( some upon learning that they're infjs ) sometimes say they get things right when they know it can't really be possible ... dreaming about things before hand , feeling something bad when you're ... i also have a friend who i am certain is an infp , but this individual absolutely refuses to believe it ; he convinces himself that he is an enfp . it sort of fits , because he tries to be spontaneous ... ni as an auxiliary is an incredible tool for making your life much easier , efficient , smarter , faster , stronger , whatever the hell . i would never give up my ni unless i had it as an auxiliary . ( if ... i'm asking about those errors in judgment about perspectives , things we think about . like seeing the world from darwinian eyes after you learn the theory of evolution . it's not wrong ; it's just maybe ... as an intj , i must say that my ni leads me to believe some pretty weird stuff ( they're completely accurate , i assure you . it's just that it might not be the best way of seeing things ) . looking at ... the nausea ... the existence ! this sounds like a pretty common complaint with intjs as well . usually a nap helps . if it seems more of a long term thing , then sometimes it helps just to do ... live fast , die young , and leave a pretty body . just hope you actually die . some scars never quite disappear . if i were in a romantic relationship with an infp , what might i do to help alleviate some of these concerns ? say the preferred gender came up to you , moderately acquainted , and said to you stop looking at me with that silly grin ? with a similar expression ? do people often compliment your figure ? ... i think , in a moment , i'll update my footer to say : since you discovered mbti , how many of you use it as a drunk man uses a light post ? that becomes the only interesting thing to consider when somebody makes such a statement . i think most introverts find themselves to be in some semi-emotionless state . frankly , most people aren't terribly happy , but extroverts love distraction . the impression is that most people ... i take great consideration to my emotions , but if you have something that doesn't work , then it doesn't work . that's kind of important . people often make the statement , well , people are dumb ... i find i enjoy music the most that deals with negative emotions . apc , tool , ( some ) death cab , evanescence , mogwai , porcupine tree , this mortal coil , ect . blues is the best jazz . really , minor key ... doesn't anybody else think that this might be the source of the problem ? that you're supposed to be attracted to a certain type ? i for one find that those traits that i admire in the opposite ... you must understand that , as an intj , i can't agree with this . after all , i can't expect that all my friends will be completely objective and consider all possible alternatives , and it would be ... how would you deal with people who manipulate your friends into hating you ? i'd describe ni as a network , like an enormous flow chart , hidden in a dark encompass . ( excuse my incorrect grammar ) . each node consists of concepts and objects , but what you really see is what you ... cloud - ff7 and , of course , many of my own imagination . i remember when i was young , and it was vivid enough to have odysseys in . i borrowed a lot , but i imagined enough story to fill another ... don't you worry , i've heard how good you enfps are in bed . : wink : care to share anyways ? it's purely for logical , scientific , intj-like concerns . : wink : whats the x96 ehm x96 kinkiest you'd consider doing ? ever just lose it and pounce on the one you love ? what's the craziest thing you're willing to share ? does my outfit reveal too much ? these kids grew up on fern gully . they know leftovers when they're being spoon-fed the scraped off sides of a microwave oven . i always look the person dead in the eyes and say to them , thank you . especially when i know they're being facetious . have you ever thought – society was actually working fine up until some brilliant jerkoff decided that it was better to plant food ... and ever since then , as a species , we've been careening ... intj perspective here , but i'm sure i've got some to add . i've always felt a little bit misplaced . in my youth , i was completely baffled as to why people did what they did , and why i didn't do ... ready set go . intj , to be exact : happy : . i'm surprised how well his personality was written . i've heard that jane austen was an intj herself , which would explain the otherwise idiosyncratic appearing tendencies ... nah , i'm over it , gone and past . if anything else , i just would liked to have known her better , but , perhaps , it's not a bad thing that it wasn't so , as it couldn't be so . i suppose the hardest ... just try it out . it's not a skill like knowing how to photoshop or do a j-turn in your car . it's more of a habit . a lot of my fi friends tend to ' people watch ' , where they stare at other people ... '