' i don't open up to people until i know they will understand and if they do , when they do i give everything at once and then tend to pull back because i'm scared of how perfect it is . hmmm i think infp or ( i know this wasn't a choice ) but you seem like a infj . infjs tend to sometimes think they're ps and they also sometimes think like a t i kind of like workout . it helps me relax and not be so stressed . sometimes it's hard to make myself get up and start but , after the first minute i'm so happy i made myself . i'm the youngest , only one other sister though . wow , those were amazing . i can almost feel it's something a infj might make . :) 1.sort of vegetarian ( i will eat fish if i have to ) 2 . infj well thats hard because to be honest mostly everyone drains me eventually . i don't know if other infjs agree but personally i think istjs definitely don't drain me as much as a lot of other types . to ... yes that does happen to me . i don't really know how to get rid of it , i just kind of ignore it and wait for it to go away hi everyone ! ok so for a while i have been trying to type one of my very close friends i'm having a lot of trouble figuring out if they're a isfp , infp , or maybe a isfj . here are some basic things ... hi ! i don't mean spotting by site obviously but i was just wondering if you guys could give me some tips on how to tell if someone you know well is a isfp . i have been trying for a while to figure out ... if you are taking medication than i think you should tell the doctor that gave you them they have strange side effects on you , if you are not taking medication then you should probably talk to a ... absolutely c i could never hurt someones feelings on purpose lol ... unless i really hated them :) infjs are thought to be another type by people all the time , because most infjs don't open up to people unless they really know them . i do think that infjs tend to be more extroverted than most ... wow are all of you incredibly artistic all of these look amazing so far ! this seems like a good thread :) this is my vent : why do peoples crush peoples ideas so easily , quickly , and hurtfully ? ? ? i'm just talking about people doing this to me but other people i know to . it ... i agree , i really don't like when they control me . it is sometimes hard for infjs to work with or have a relationship with estjs because i feel like estjs play mind games and infjs can easily detect ... you know your infj when you can tell what people are trying to do and how ( like in a ad ) [ / b ] thats not going to work :D . maybe it would ... first of all you guys are awesome and i think your amazing people but , sometimes its sooo hard for me to talk to you guys . sometimes my istj friend says that i sugar coat things and i don't even ... your husband is definitely showing some negative traits of a estjs . like others have said i suggest going to a marriage counselor but first you should try to make it work . one of my favorite ... i think that this would be a awesome relationship for a mature infj and a mature estj . sorry :) i feel like its important for both people to be mature because if not i think a infj and estj ... ok this might have been a thread but i can't find it so , what annoys you that people you know do ? what makes you happy that the people you know do ? this is a cool thread :) personally i think i'm somewhere in the middle because i get the feeling that the first type is pretending to be more outgoing ( but they cant help it ) and i think i do that ... * someone who thinks they are better than someone else * someone who thinks they are worthless * someone who is very critical ( criticism ) * someone who doesn't want to understand those are some of ... * how hard they work * how they are awesome leaders * how they are good peacemakers usually * will do anything for people they love this is just my experience with estjs but personally i think they ... personally i think istjs are funny but they save their awesome humor for the right time :) hi , this isn't exactly about a relationship but , its similar . do all istjs hate xnfjs . i actually like istjs and think you guys are amazing but a lot of istjs find me annoying . whats annoying about ... your probably right because your actually intj . it's just what i have observed you know your a intj when you don't really like note-taking but you know you want to so you can gain knowledge on whatever topic you are obsessing over at the moment . :) you know your an estp when people love you and you don't know why and some people hate you and you have no idea why i think that you jawz are actually right . i just think that we don't look super happy but , we have a complex look on our face most of the time . the picture that jawz posted describes it almost ... i'm really sorry ! people online always get the wrong message from esfjs my sister is an esfj and i love her . welcome ! hmmm i think that a infj and estj relationship would insure a lot of growth for both types . i find they are complete opposites of each other which means a lot of growth but and estj i knows pet ... i can't say for other infjs but i hate labeling and things like that . i understand why someone would make a stereotype thread and might be interesting but i really don't like labeling people and i ... ok i feel bad for the istjs :( i think you guys are great people but you tend to be really different and have a entire different way of thinking than infjs . i actually admire istjs but sometimes i ... okay i kind of feel like i'm intruding on this thread but what i bolded happens to istjs i know all the time . my mom is a istj and this happens to us all the time she will do something and i think ... i definitely agree with this . personally i think that infjs tend to look serious and melancholy ( even though we do feel like this sometimes ) but i think are inner worlds tend to be pretty happy so ... hi i was just wondering what you wish the infjs in your life knew . it can be something that annoys you about us or just something you wish we wouldn't , think , do , or say . and yes infjs can definitely ... i'm an infj and i've actually heard of your problem a lot . first of all i'm really sorry about your relationship and i hope things improve in some way . i feel like istjs and infjs tend to fall for ... i like istjs because they are so organized and such good planners . whenever i'm around them they always inspire me to follow through with everything because i feel like they always finish projects on ... a few of you are talking about how the infj forum isnt what it used to be . and even though i am new my friend used to have account on here and i remember it being almost as fluffy as the enfp forum ... sorry :) i was just wondering what types annoy other types . yeah i don't really no what warm and fuzzy land is but whenever i check out this thread it seems so like hyperly over happy understandy . i mean the infj thread isn't cold but it just seems so happy ... well its really hard to find us . try book stores are cafes ( i like cafes ) i guess . the problem is we tend to sometimes act like other types such a isfjs ( its really scary when you think you know a nice ... i definitely agree with you on the estj and istj ( no offense to you guys but you do tend to annoy me ) so far two people have said esfjs they don't bother me but i feel like they bother a lot of nts . i ... i am not intj but i have encountered people that are jealous of you guys . i think people wish they could have your natural logical thinking abilities and your curious eager to learn realists mind . i ... hi , i was just wondering if there is one type that you always seem to not really like or get in arguments with . thanks ! : happy : i didn't mean to put nts down . its just a feeling i get , i mean i do post there sometimes i guess i was exaggerating but , i guess i just feel more comfortable in the nf threads ( because i am nf ) i really like enfps . like other people have said they do bring out the crazy in us . sometimes both the enfp and infj can get annoyed that there no one that wants to do any of the logical thinking and ... yes thats exactly how i feel . i actually don't mind reading the threads but i'm scared to post because i feel like i can't relate to them in the right way to help them . '