' doesn't matter , you don't have a choice , elections are a scam according to dave johnson the death penalty is a hoax . i'm surrounded by idiots , does that make me smart ? light from death note is untypable . if he were intj he wouldn't create kira for the people ( fe ) and elevate himself instead . on the other hand he doesn't gives a shit about people and only serves ... pretty simple , as a ti-dom i operate on ti / fe which makes te / fi into a nightmare for me . there is no universe , only the flat earth . there are no aliens , earth is flat ignore the mbti surface and grab your lead function from jung . http://www.wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Psychological_Types i take that back . sorry the mbti fucked with my brain , i was correct on fe the whole time and get theoretically sidetracked with my own understanding . she is fe-dom . translation into mbti it doesn ´ t matter if they try to describe the same thing they both fail with the functions as these can be described such and such . socionics makes clear rules and mbti isn ´ t going anywhere near deep ... there is no se-ni axis or whatever functions you try to merge here as a socinics estp is a mbti estj . entj = entp i am not saying that socionics te is mbti ne i was just showing that translation works with the surface and the j / p switch for extraverts . the functions aren ´ t the same , the surface however is the same . only one thing needs to be done and that is to change the last letter for extraverted socioncs types and the translation to mbti is ... elliot : infj mr.robot : intj tyrell : hard to tell shayla : infp angela : enfp darlene : intj joanna : enfj thats fi with se and not fe which makes your sfjs sfps i mean of course in some way introversion abstracts from the object but you could say it the other way around . you could also use the word intangible for abstract in contrast to concrete . se for ... even if you think that way the original is still ambigous jungs te description is crap and his ti description is a niti description with nearly not any ti in it . ö outside / inside here means concrete / abstract its just another way to look at it . 248098 i don ´ t see anything wrong with it so yes . lol i don ´ t understand a word you are saying - sorry mate gravity is the concept with the mass and the pull and i don ´ t buy the momentum bullshit . its assumed that there is infinite space in the first place . what does a planet do when it falls off a plane ? it makes itself around the world due to gravity . enfj thats fe in the 1st or 2nd position . a simple change of the temperament letters ( nt / sf , nf / st ) shows the opposite type based on cognitive functions on which the mbti is based on . one the other hand ni is limited to se exploration as it can ´ t see hidden things like ne as ni is just a subjective perception and therefore not that direct / immediate as ne is . well i see the doubt as a drive , you feel that something is off and needs to be understood , explored however you wanna call it altough ni is the intuition of doubt and the question everything thing is more a e5 , normalizing subtype occurence beta of course movies : source code , inception , 12 monkeys , up in the air , prince of persia : the sands of time , kick-ass 2 , american beauty , aeon flux , bedazzled , city of ember , dark city , the 13th floor , ancient ... fi personal well-being fe collective well-being ti personal strength te collective strength that only counts for mbti don ´ t worry child the government is protecting you : laughing : fi personal well-being / comfort fe collective well-being / comfort ti personal strength te collective strength fi personal weakness fe collective weakness ti personal discomfort te collective ... that is socionics si and with the information metabolism you convey physical comfort to others . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mQckgIxbdKE i am not quite sure what the question is . : crazy : sure :d ry : whats so hard to understand ? on daylight you don ´ t see the stars space from earth and the pictures they claim are photos are showing the earth and not the darkness of space or ... says the one who didn ´ t even watched it . : shocked : pain my worst nightmare its only human to be weak i don ´ t hate such qualities . exactly what i expected my reasoning wouldn ´ t be accepted so i don ´ t even bother to do so . unhealthy focus on ti see for yourself :d ry : what ? it means intj is impossible : wink : page 09 #86 already disproved that nonsense there is no way that you value fi / te , i don ´ t consider socionics as the system is a huge mess with the reinin stuff and all that crap . i wrote it with passionate hatred in contrast to some other people who do this natural .  ... and yeez it is so obvious : i have no need to point it out . '