' does just leaving really count as manipulation though ? and even if it is , is it really as bad as how badly he's manipulated me in the past ? so i've known this dude for close to three years . we were pretty good friends to start out , although i've always thought he was kind of annoying . we really clicked in the beginning , but for the past ... * wipes tear from eye * that was beautiful . i'm still young and still in school , but so far i've narrowed it down to two choices : forensics / criminology and acting . huzzah . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1E36WU9Wzf4 it kind of explains itself . love them more than life itself . i feel like people should give them a chance instead of automatically jumping on the they're pop , and teen girls like them , and they're conventionally attractive , so ... i like how you thought it was necessary to add that last sentence . mine is so weird apparently . it kind of sounds like i'm making a zzz sound really fast . that was weird . the internet is weird . what is happening ... my friend's dad called me slow a little while ago . like , okay , the reason he called me slow was because whenever i get rides from him and my friend he claims that i never laugh at his jokes but i ... your mistakes and your experiences really form who you are . i'm a teenager as well , and even though i'm totally pissed that i have no idea who i am and only have minor plans for my future , i know ... anyway , i don't know how i would describe femininity . it doesn't mean inferiority or being sexually appealing or anything like that to me , but whenever i think of the word i think about lipstick and ... damn , that was sexist . wow , all of them . everyone thinks i'm insane for needing a movie on when i sleep , or even just sleeping with lights on . i've been taking sleeping pills for about a year , but i've had trouble sleeping ... cute infj with nice hands . alone . eating noises stress me out . what an original thread ! ! ! 111 ! ! ! i'm attention deficit , and unless it reeeally interests me , it's really hard to pay attention to things , especially things that if i get off focus for a couple seconds i lose the entire thing . i've ... so cute . - i like science ( and math once i understand it ) but i'm way more into the arts . always have been . - i love everything about music . i love looking for it , dancing to it , reading lyrics , making ... breaking bad - currently rewatching ( again ) since the finale . definitely my favorite , sad to see it go , but at least it went in an amazing way . the simpsons - hasn't been that good since the movie ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D9Ihs241zeg chimamanda adichie is one of my biggest lady crushes after watching this , not gonna lie . the other night , i had a dream that i was playing volleyball in my elementary school gym , which never happened , but it was happening now for some reason . my team was the same one i had in , maybe , 8th ... not really . i like being needed within my group of friends , and i'd like to be that person everyone knows about and wants to talk to but never actually gets to talk to . like , am i too busy to talk ? ... i'm willing to say that i am between that age range . i've thought about it just being a teenager thing , which it is for the most part , but i'm wondering if i grow out of it , and if i don't , how much ... gender is fluid and it all falls on a spectrum , just like sexuality . that's the gist of it . guilty of putting techies into all our antics . glad to hear you guys enjoy it ! but yeah , i've figured out that i only crave attention when i feel worthy of it from other people . like whenever i ... i haven't made a thread in a looong time but i'm so curious about this that it's making me really question my type , so bear with me . recently , ( i mean , for the last couple months ) i've been so ... who are your favorite bands / artists ? currently , my favorite band is arctic monkeys , but i also love radiohead , coldplay , vampire weekend , bastille , onerepublic , alt-j , lorde , muse , venus infers , the ... i'm not saying you shouldn't be proud of being an intellectual , but what i am saying is that all these threads saying things that a large majority of the population does are idiotic and what-not ... - reflections . i'm about 99 % positive it's a self esteem thing , but unless it's an intentional reflection in a mirror that i'm used to i cannot handle it . - falling . no , not heights . if i'm not in ... i really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really hate the superiority complex almost every intp on this forum has for literally no reason at all . in other words , i hope making fun ... yeah . i mean , i'm pretty good with people after being rested and preparing myself for a while . i've gotten really good at pretending to not be completely fed up with people after spending too much ... i don't get angry very often , and when i do it's really only with a handful of people who just piss the [ bleepity bleep ] out of me . when i get angry , i feel this empty feeling that makes me want ... hate is kind of a strong word , since the only song i can really see myself hating is blurred lines for some obvious reasons , but even then it's just the lyrics - it's still a really good song . ... just act like how you would want to be approached by someone in their situation . if they seem like the kind of person that likes small talk , ( first of all , what is their problem ? ) then try that a ... i guess i should have elaborated . teachers would be more happy , which might affect how they teach . i know that if i were a teacher and got paid well , i would be a way better and happier teacher than ... yeah , yeah , yeah . i just want a blaziken . transport me to the world of pokemon . i will be waiting . ( does this count ? because i really don't care . ) first off , my teachers would make as much salary-wise as the average doctor . they would be treated as upper class citizens and , hopefully , this will help the students to respect them more and reduce ... i love making art and i'm pretty okay at it sometimes ( and i'm a firm believer in watercolor pencils , ) and i really appreciate good art and love looking at it . i feel like all types can create or ... or ted . he had the chance to stop cooking meth from the beginning when elliot and gretchen offered to pay for his treatments and give him a job that he loves , but walt is too selfish to take the offer ... i don't think she can build a filter overnight either , but she should be watching what she says instead of saying that ocd is cute and quirky and that i knew that if i was going to be naked in ... i never said non-celebrities her age would stop saying stupid stuff because of her , i'm saying that she's a big role model for young people and she should start having a filter , especially now that ... but considering she's a celebrity with a large following she should really start watching what she says . http://cdn.buzznet.com/assets/users16/xanderdeccio/default/muse-absolution--large-msg-131651538868.jpg http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v314/blackcrowfeather/shivercover.jpg ... loved the plot , loved the cinematography , and loved bradley cooper's eyes lighting up . ( limitless : an introduction to sci-fi thrillers . ) robin thicke for obvious reasons , and the weird , obsessive club of young people who worship everything jennifer lawrence says is starting to ruin how much i like her acting . also she says some pretty ... skyler is a very interesting and well rounded character , just as everyone else in the show is , but for some reason she is seen as a bitch for simply nagging to walt that he's being careless and ... i'm usually pretty coordinated and i have good posture ( only when i stand though ; sitting down is fair game for looking like a turtle . ) my eyes are always pretty tired and dead looking , ... '