' i haven't read posts past this one ( i . e . other responses , so sorry if i'm echoing ) but i think the answer as i was reading is : be yourself ! and if someone doesn't like it , intj or not , then oh well ... :) i basically had wondered whether there was some sort of schizophrenia component going on . i'm glad to hear you are doing better . hmm well then my thoughts are : 1 ) ask her in person because messaging does not seem to be her forte at all and she basically said as much . could be an excuse for avoiding the question too though ... read this and then a few questions popped in my head : how did you ask - method and content ? how long ago ? i mean , my first thought is - maybe they just don't want to . but it really depends on the ... this may have more to do with enneagram as well , or just individual personality flavors . it really depends on the situation and topic for me . in most cases , i don't really care to argue about ... 1 ) i am sure i've met an isfp sometime but i honestly don't know how i'd spot one or if i know any for sure . so , no idea . 2 ) i'd really rather do nothing . i really don't feel any special ... my esfj mom does the same thing . i do not love that sort of weirdness . if she talks about that kind of stuff , we end up fighting because i can't keep my mouth shut about how it isn't true and she ... for casual friendship type of things - so fun ! i like that they can find weird rabbit holes to go down and i will gladly follow them for a bit through all of the ones they find . it's like being in a ... needs deodorant ? ;P :: edit :: wellp , i just realized i read aromantic summer as aromatic summer .. hence my reply . so , i didn't read what you wrote in the entirety of your post correctly at all ... same here ( same fires too ? lol i mean , basically the whole west part of the us is on fire ) and had the moon and ash too . i don't know how far i am from the closest one , i think about an hour away ... might be worth just saying directly - i care about our relationship and i don't want to lose contact with you again . you know that i respect your decision and i really struggled over whether to tell ... you done killed me . : laughing : i would want to know but i may or may not go back and visit . that part i wouldn't be able to predict . this is a hypothetical for me so that's the closest my answer could get . : edit : i guess if i ... i guess this is an example of what's a big deal to people or not .. lol really the only thing that made it difficult was actually physically placing parts , screwing things in , seeing where things push ... it might be 5 minutes of simple work but i know when i go in to look at shit like that , nothing makes sense to me , i can't get things back together correctly because they slip around and stuff , and ... twice in one month ! we are winner ! oatmeal bar ! and smoothies . :P and hard boiled eggs for protein . now i want breakfast . as a school employee , i really can't complain - my schedule is really nice having a good chunk of summer off and all ... but having all that time off just to come back makes it more clear than usual ... never have . i really don't like the feeling of not being in control of my faculties much . i get anxious about it so i'd probably be quite anxious on drugs like that . i don't have any mental disorders ... reading this gave me immense glee . giggly insides . i enjoyed : laughing : was anybody here raised in more sensoric environment ? how did it affected your personality ? eh , not really . we were a mix but i think my dad's vibe was more influential in the house and he's n ... instant , free teleportation to anywhere i choose . like others said , i tend to wish for things that are on the impossible side . otherwise , i make things happen . i think if i wished for things ... lol hey , i didn't make it ! use away :P i am the same way and would have backed down , especially with that source coming from a government website which tends to be pretty accurate . sounds like maybe just a stubborn person vs . an intj ... ooooh i love gyros ... is there a certain way you season / marinade the beef for that ? i suppose i could google it . never thought to make my own at home ! yup , discovered the ignore list for the first time yesterday . it helps a lot :) go to settings ---> edit ignore list ( one of the options on the left side list ) and then type in user name . it will ... : laughing :: laughing :: laughing : lol yeah , i'm pretty sure 90 % of my intj-intj relationship is being goofy af together and he's the instigator . yeah , had a long-term crush infp person . we had a really nice friendship and kind of a magnetic vibe with each other . lots of understand without saying things moments , especially humor ... we could ... current : intj and it is swell ideal : ? ? ? i never really had a specific mbti type in mind . probably intj or entj . maaayyybbeee a stable infp . if it was info that was related to me , then i'd be insanely curious internally . otherwise , i don't really care - they have their reasons and it's not for me to dig into . i also don't deal with ... this thread right now .. https://media.giphy.com/media/4pMX5rJ4PYAEM/giphy.gif i answered about my family make up on the ask intj thread . basically , intj dad , esfj mom , me ( intj ) , istp sister , infp sister . i'd say my family is 3/10 dysfunctional . as for what other people ... i am the oldest of 3 girls . i get along really well with my sisters , we've never really had any serious fights or issues . my istp sister ( middle ) and i are especially close , we lived together for ... i don't even know how to use tumblr . so , no . ? lol i guess what you're asking is if i molded myself to fit the intj description after i tested as an intj . i would say , no , i did not . i answered ... unrelated to prior posting , just related to thread topic : - it's all gonna go wrong paralysis . i don't like . :/ hoping to get a work visa within my profession to work in / move to the uk . the ... lol well i am a female intj with a male intj and i can assure you i'm not some uptight bitchy manipulative person who performs power plays and has no softness to me . in fact , i'm pretty sure the ... : shocked : but also lol you sound like me . i remember random detailed things about people i have seen around but don't know as well . have had an awkward time or two . ehhh i * could * but i think i'd feel a little like bllaaahh if i had to pander to their special little way they accept / want apologies . if it was a one time thing and i could tell that apologizing ... we tend to get along and have a connection at first , but then inevitably end up in this weird cycle where they have a lot of , imo , idealistic views of life or situations and i just can't validate / go ... pretty much never . i can't even recall a time where i was like .. and they didn't even say sorry . i don't think i think / care enough about apologies . as others said , i suppose changing behavior is ... i do a variety of grape eyes of surprise but mine goes with an oop ! :P i try to avoid them for the most part . if it's a topic or thing i really enjoy , i'll deal with it but other than that , no . like the state fair where i live is a big deal and everyone's like omg you ... saw this similar one floating around the internets the other day ... made me laugh : 699138 so far , not really . we're both intjs and kind of at the same pace / vibe so when we have spent large amounts of time together it's felt pretty ok . we have some similar interests that we can do together ... : sad : i concur that this is something everyone does .. cost-benefit is generally why people choose to do things at all , whether it's conscious or not . a situation / action / direction either rewarding enough ... 1 . what wakes you up most mornings ( alarm , pets , kids , etc . ) ? during the work year , my alarm . during summers off , my body's natural sleep cycle . if my window is open and i'm awake enough to hear ... depends how busy the vacation was and who i was with . if i was totally on my own for the vacation - yeah probably at least one check-in or text a day , if not more . if i went somewhere special , ... interesting .. yeah , i can't separate out like that . like , i don't even note people's attractiveness in general at all ... it doesn't even register across my mind . my intj so does , he'll comment on a ... '