' http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ow8umHyNUUA dear lord , please bear through my stuttering in the beginning . i don't speak very well . summon the video to refine my thoughts on religion ... * drumroll * http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ow8umHyNUUA thanks essay ! i haven't been very active on this forum . my anxiety and depression has crippled me for the last 6 months . however , with all the new changes in my life i wanted to get some other ... enfps and religion . i did a separate post about this but wasn't sure if i should put it in this thread as well ... hmm . just want to say hi to my own thread ! : tongue : ... i am extremely interested in the spiritual journey of enfps . i do better talking than typing , so i made a video . you can respond on this forum or on the video itself . warning : i do say um and ... omg - after starting this thread i finally fucking made a lovely update video ... after 4 years . :D i am excited to share it with you all ! and oh my god , look at that horrible thumbnail . > < ... i don't know if any of you have had experience with this , but i have some things to confess . i think i'm turning out to be one of those bad enfp's . not malicious or manipulative ... just sexually ... welcome to personality cafe ! i'm new too :) intellectual stimulation . emotional stimulation . they are just as much a turn on as physical stimulation . just keep it healthy , growing , and real . maroon 5 mmm yeah so , chicky ... if you find any , send them my way . we can have a pact : wink : i'm straight . however , i do sometimes feel a tiny bit of attraction to women . women's bodies are beautiful . their minds are beautiful too . but sorry women , men are way too amazing . wow . my friends see me with a tall , dark , handsome man who loves books and art and is a little bit shy , but mostly engaging and kind . exactly what i'm looking for and can't find . i was scared of my 1st grade teacher . she was way too strict . haha . i protected my little emotional self by not raising my hand ; the possibility of being humiliated was too much for me ! after 1st ... hi everyone ~ i don't even know if anyone here remembers me . i was active here over a year ago ... in fact , i believe it was more like 2 years ago ( making me 18 at the time ? ) i had a sabbatical , ... collect interest ? i've never heard of that before . this is intriguing . wow i'm not going to admit it , but you really got me with that adjusting your necktie thing ... ok then ... why don't we come this way ... for a little privacy ... ;) cbelle : patron saint of infjs . i like that title . cbelle : patron saint of infjs . i like that title . frog kc tan dont run boys ! i'm alive , and you saved me ! come back ! * starts crying in the middle of the ffloor * don't forget me , i'll be lonely ... for saving me , who wants to claim their kiss ... ah , shall i die without the love of infjs ... ( swoons ) you ever heard of smartass ? that's what you are ... : mellow : i think a lot about possibilities . i may daydream about a relationship or how i will be once i have this job / that apartment . i love to imagine things . i will also go over things in my head that have ... xdollie . yes , you will grow out of this ! i promise ! the harder you work on it , the easier it will become . i used to be so awkward romantically that i couldn't even look someone straight in the eye ... funny how you type people into the groups of sp and sj . i do the same thing ! i absolutely cannot stand sp or sj girls , but introverted sp guys can be pretty fun . there's a guy at work that i have a ... xdollie . omg i am so mad ... i just wrote you up this whole thing and i accidentally swiped my hand across the mouse and the browser went back a page ! ! idiot computer ... wow , it's really surprising to read all these posts . i have always figured that enfp's take everything as it comes and are very friendly , nice and know exactly what to say . i thought i was the only ... you are so sweet ! aw thank you . except i don't particularly prefer being lumped in with a million other enfp's > . > speak of the devil . i just ended my first serious relationship . like , yesterday . it was so damned hard . and i still love him ... it's just not going to work out . what hurts me is not the actual end ... there's a name for that :) it's called dermotillomania and it is similar to nail-biting ... i used to have a habit kind of like that but it was called trichotillomania and it was a hair-pulling ... i bite my nails too ! a couple days ago i had them all nice and beautiful and grown out ... yesterday i bit 4 of them down to stubs ! what a bother ! my bed is never made ... till 10 at night :) i make it right before i go to bed ... i just realized it's kind of stupid ( grin ! ! ! ) esfj's are my least favorite type ... my mom is one and i swear she is out to make my life hell for as long as she lives > . < yeah , i prefer men to women . but i do have some really amazing female friends , all of which are intuitives and not sensors . i think that a connecting point for most people is either the n or the ... i know exactly how you feel ! ! i've had the same thing happen with other females , particularly sensors . most female sensors i've come across tend to be flakier than intuitives , as well as a lot more ... yes sometimes it happens . but it is not our fault . i had a friend who randomly decide to go from being my friend to hating me ... because she was jealous of me for some reason . however , i hadn't done ... ack ! ! what does it say ? i can't see it ! ! was it back when i thought my bf was an istp ? people pleasing is one of those things that can be useful , but also abused . i know i abuse it . it gets me a lot of attention and assures that everyone loves me , but it ruins my authenticity . i end ... enfps are sexy ... just ... i wouldn't want to date an enfp myself :) i take that back . i'm glad the west has less enfp's . that means that we most likely have more of the other , sexier types . and it just makes us wild west enfp's even more special ! ! ooo look , i'm on it ... hey , the wild west needs more enfp's ! hershey kisses . mm . and lindt milk chocolates ... mmm . babe , i need some more ... :) routine : sleep in as long as possible > > > then ( when i can't avoid waking any longer ) , get up , get makeup on , brush through hair , pull / zip / button a dress on ... eat . wait . eat is first . i ... i'll get you one :) i even have the boots ... sexy thank you ! i've noticed that when he's in a beautiful environment or i'm dressed up pretty , i'll catch this sweet , almost dreamy look in his eyes ... like underneath he's having an emotional ... the king of dreams : i hate money ! ! you sound like me . haha :) i simply think enfp's go through obsessions with everything , especially clothes ! ! right now i'm into the slim dresses and little pencil skirt look . i am also into boho clothes . earlier this year i ... '