' wow you did not catch the obvious play at typology-stereotypes there . can't say i'm surprised though , and yes now i'm being an ass . i smile a lot . it's my fake smile . silly feelers think it's real . ^ by law tenletters bergen , norway . i'm starting to think you've got severe problems comprehending what other people are trying to tell you . may want to read through this : list of fallacies - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia the ... fixed that one for you . if there is no correct answer , which there isn't due to it being a question about preference , then it is a rather invalid one , seeing as mbti types and sexual preferences aren't something you could ... studying sexual preference isn't done by asking such a half-assed question , which only serves as a substitue for the crap found in womens magazines . how ? it's probably different not only between ... you don't really have enough intjs to base it on , some are even false-intjs which further invalidates the point . my , that's condescending . why would we not be able to enjoy oral sex ? nevermind , ... sorry , but someone has to say it : it is a really , really stupid question . there is no correct or wrong answer , it's all about personal preferance . thus the question is completely meaningless , ... why not ? it's highly effective . perhaps he likes you for your boobs ? any girl that thinks guys doing it are stupid / weird / scum , while defending the art of deception that most females master during their teens is perfectly fine , is a hypocrite . i personally hate ... one-sided arguments coupled with baseless assumptions . so far nothing of the above actually asks the reader a question , it's just a silly brainfart on some observation of yours , but let's keep ... probably , but you can tell pretty quickly who is a potential intj and who definetely is not . there are a few individuals that stick out more than others on this forum as non-intj , to me . it may ... if someone states that you have something inside of yourself , when clearly you not only think it's utter crap , but you don't even believe in that man-made nonsense , then it is being pushed on you . ... if you tell someone who claims to be christian , yet doesn't believe quite as hard in a god ( why do people use capital letter for that word ? ) that they may have god in them , then yes your are pushing ... you are an idiot . we all do ? not a chance . quit pushing your belief onto others . be gullible and believe in a god if you will , but don't go around imposing such nonsense on others . if we all were equal that would work . but the common man can never go against someone highly intellectual or a genius , even . it would require those superior to will a better future for everyone , and ... i don't have sufficient information to actually stand my ground on the global warming-issue , but even if i acknowledge that it is happening , there's no evidence showing that humans are to be blamed ... of course americans will provide a better return , as they're way ahead of mentioned somalis . it's like one of those fairytales where you have one big castle and a city built around it , with tons of ... not really , too much effort . any true intj would realise that quickly . most intjs probably dream of world domination , though . americans are not only using way more resources per head than any other nation of similar size in the world , they're also keeping other countries down purposelly in order to further secure their ... the reason for me calling it irrelevant is because you used history ( arguing the present is no indicator of the future means that your historical points regarding the past are irrelevant to the ... one of the things you did was cut out relevant parts of my post to fit your argument . taking things out of context alone is grounds to not take your post seriously . this was also suggested with the : ... whether it will happen or not remains to be seen , i won't believe it before i see it to be honest . and just take perc as an example , there are explanations and threads for each type , what mbti ... well put , but in a very simplified form , the current issues are being resolved ( and caused ) by a few so-called maniacs who happen to be in power ( and even that can be disputed if you add conspiracy ... in the eye of nature , we are most certainly expendable . nature also doesn't share our humanity or the will to spend hundreds of thousands of dollars , just to save one very , very ill individual , in ... perfectly good alternatives in theory , which in practice are nigh-impossible at the moment ? or do you know something the rest of the world does not ? this is excactly what i was looking for . one can easily draw parallells between emotional manipulation ( topic ) and the unintelligent behaviour of wrongly accusing someone whose posts were on topic ... yes , when you either a ) remove your arrogant posts or b ) answer them . actually i'd like you to answer that question too , seeing as you provoked it . he's being honest and presenting his view on the matter , and all you can do is call him childish and arrogant . you've ... war isn't awesome , and no one came with such an ignorant statement either . the pro-war argument was based on the fact that most humans would never want to sacrifice their living standards and ... no , it's not . your opinion is yours to do what you want with , but his opinion is fine on a matter . as a fugitive from war , where i've lived most my life without seeing anyone for more than a ... inferior people have a way of making others - often superior to them - feel like they're a weirdo / anomaly . especially in school , imagine being an intj and perhaps on a daily basis having remarks ... absorbed myself into hardcore gaming and weightlifting . screws with your perspective and i'll point out that it's better to talk to idiots from time to time , than be completely lonely for long ... years , already have at a few occasions . i wouldn't recommend it , though . don't insult me for spouting pure nonsense sorry mate , a bit hard to resist . edit : and just to make it clear , since it seems that you actually are ignorant to the fact , that you've literally ... another uninformed assumption , seriously dude , stop . i really hope you aren't being serious , for your own sake . jesus christ , how stupid can someone be ... such a terrible attempt at trolling intjs . go away . leave the thread alive , don't act like silly lobotomized girls . kill the thread . shame on the intjs acting like silly fe's . make the best out of the type that you have , you ungrateful bastard . you are an idiot , and your brother has several personality disorders . and in my opinion , the other intjs have been way too nice to you considering the mountain of bullshit that your op was filled ... depends how high ones ' standards are . if i was to look at myself by the standards of those commoners around me , i'd probably love myself . yep . i am trying to become this guy i have an image of in my head . suffice to say it's bordering on unrealistic , but hey . oh , and i also believe girls can actually be worth my time . being a genius strategist doesn't automatically qualify for intj-hood . and as for your question : no , he doesn't strike me as a intj at all . infj maybe . no . tenchickens i hit them with my trusted , wooden bludgeon on the head . usually i do a follow-up hit once they hit the ground , just to be safe that they're all the way in dreamville . i then grab their feet and ... i'm both . i'm 24 , so clearly not a high schol student , but i'm redoing some grades to get accepted , since the system here is beyond retarded . on point however , the a / bs i was talking about , was ... '