' i got istp . my final word was bum , so i guess that counts for somethin ' ... i'm not sure what , but sumthin ... tie between concrete-random and abstract-sequential . scragman have you ever considered going for network + or ccna ? i think i've seen this exact post before . * yawn * i like to read up on conspiracy theories every once in awhile just for the entertainment value . they're all pretty much bullshit , but the yarns are often fun to read . this happens to me all the time . no solution , though . nope . time to burn his house down . gee ... how about that ? looks like istp's are born year round like everyone else ... indeed { } that's just using my fingers , while sitting on my ass . just finished my first year of college . i'm studying computer science and economics . whether or not i finish either of them , i probably won't be using them . i'll end up working with my hands ... just ... almost forgot what i came here to post . i posted a poll on this subject back in december . rant withheld . just know that this comment pissed me off big time . i'm an istp and i'm wondering why the hell erbse dropped a screwdriver into his computer while it was on ! ? if all people cared about was art and spirituality , there probably wouldn't be much of a future to rule ... just saying . i'm in school studying economics ( major ) and computer science ( minor ) . i fell into it work pretty naturally , i do pc and smartphone repair when i'm not busy being lazy . i'm still considering dropping ... lies ! filler : ninja : all the time ! ... but that's because i live at home and go to school full time ... * scottish accent * : i'm an istp and you're a bastard ! i'm an istp and i ran out of fucks to give years ago . i am an istp and i'm writing a paper that was due last week . + 1 for i give zero fucks ! i'm an istp and i despise you ! ... ( no one in particular ) i'm an istp and i'm beginning to get pissed off ! [ deleted ] ... + 1 for pajamas all day ! unless i plan on leaving the house , those warm , maroon colored pants with odd looking dogs on them stay on always . i'm a big fan of knives my mom needs to hear it , so i say it to her . even then , she always asks why i say it so sarcastically . in general , i never say it , nor do i usually give people compliments , especially on their ... another lefty here . why is there no poll ? * roll eyes * seriously , because we all know jamiebond grows a great one ... anyone here ever try hiking trail maintenance ? it involves a lot of backpacking around national parks with a saw ... right now i'm trying to plan to at least hit the rockies this summer . backpacking . is accepting the risk of possible death by starvation , falling off a cliff or animal attack , while hiking alone considered weird ? and that's where i go wrong . i never ever ask anyone their name . if it comes up , i . e . they ask , i'll respond , but other than that , i just don't get names . makes things kind of funky . really ? ... i know exactly what you're saying . conventional lifestyle sucks . vagabonding sounds like a hell of a lot fun . as it is , i'm trying to get into backpacking , so i can head out west for the summer . why does it look like someone took a bite out of the screen on the right ? most of my communication with others is through sarcasm . it makes things more interesting . it's just like dustydrill said , with a half smile and an obvious tone of voice . the only issue is when ... i agree . besides , it's way more fun that way . first thought arises the moment of first cognition . as such , the slate is muddled in its creation . it is never truly blank , but this makes no difference as it is not one's origins , but one's ... same here . i instigate when i'm bored . otherwise , there's no reason to get involved . i'm the instigator . i get to be the evil inclination who looks like the devil , floating just above your shoulder . i think i feel like crap now because all of my projects are dead ... must ... move ... out ... - . - not a chance . the samsung one with justin hawkins from the darkness was the best of the night . at number 2 , is the seinfeld accura one . i've thought about this many times . i still kind of want to do it . maybe when i get my own place ... a penguin caught a fish in antarctica and then it was eaten by a polar bear . satisfied from his delicious meal , the bear went to sleep . yeah , no istp wants to read an emotional wall of text about god in order to better his or her state of mind . sorry , but this makes me want to punch you very hard . as for myself , i've been in bad shape mentally for quite some time now . i lost the drive to make great things that i once had , dropping all of ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=70QdC8rWw7A umm ... no . that's not it . '