' just want to say , all replies to this thread have been much appreciated . that and these threads too : ... : unsure : you were right . he burned it when i tired to exploit the fi . he deleted all of our instagrams together from his page . ok , thanks .. yeah i was torn between that strategy ( which i already tried for a week and didn't work ? ) and trying to fix it in the moment while the emotions are still raw . i kind of compromised ... sorry for hosting the text on another site , i'm kinda paranoid and embarrassed about sharing this sort of thing on the www tl ;D r : intj and intp friendship gets frosty because intj wants space and ... thanks for the expanded and helpful reply . the child is 3 years old so i don't suspect it is related to that . honestly i'm not so convinced it is chemically related more so than it the home ... thank you , very helpful reply . especially about the fact she has insecurities and needs to feel appreciated . no surprise , she actually only has 2 people she can call friends , her bf and a childhood ... i'm talking about a b ! tch in the sense of , defined by urban dictionary in the following submissions : ok , now that we have a sense of what i am aiming at ... this female enfp is my best ... - why aren't you satisfied with how you were born ? - if you were born 100 years ago before the ability to medically alter your gender , do you think you would have been able to live in your male ... ummm , not a lot of substance in the video ( is that intentional ? ) but my guess is the woman is intj and the man is enfp . high fe intp here . i feel strong obligation to create harmony around me . especially in the work place . i don't have it in me to disagree with anyone to their face , especially when i will be ... i'm wholly uninterested . i enjoy some structured competition , but nothing to do with sports . if i do play sports its only tennis or golf , and just to pass the time with friends . mmhm . curiosity . about you are you tough ? or do you cry with every little thing ? - tough do you seldom cry or do it often ? hate it ? don't really mind it ? - seldom cry-it can be good when alone to ... fair enough ... time will tell . that's why i wanted to be careful about proceeding and hence my posting here asking for input . great , thank you . never thought of it from that perspective . it's possible i suppose . hmm , yes - that makes sense . thanks for putting it that way ! thank you all for your replies . this community is a great resource for understanding what makes others of the same flock tick . sometimes my personality with close friends can be intrusive and hasty ... sounds good to me carepolice . i could never do hookups / fwb . but i'm going to be grammarpolice and let you know that an is not the proper article to use with usual . since usual is pronounced with ... as the title leads ... is this a typical reaction ? as an intp ... i see emotional disclosure as a way of deepening a relationship , in this case friendship . it feeds my fe . in my next interaction ... a piece of music , by simon and garfunkel i like this song in an ironic and funny way , although it's how i can actually feel sometimes . maybe an intp in a ti-si loop . some intj traits in there , ... it can put me in some discomfort , but not as much as my estj father . it really unnerves him . i find that as long as someone else initiates the conversation i can pick it up very easily and carry it with confidence and charm . if they are someone i fancy all that goes out the window as ... i read your post . i have nothing to offer but my sympathies . hope you can get through this and work out a solution . it sounds really tough . : unsure : he sounds like a jackass . :d ry : oh god ... i got through 4 years of high school without going to one orchestrated social event and then came senior prom . practically forced to go by my parents and peer pressure . like i ended ... respect her ... you want to be in this for the long haul ? then quit tripping over your dick - - you could mess this up quickly . you asked for relationship advice ... not how to i get in this girl's ... in contrast to the above ^ : tongue : ( but i appreciate and respect your position and honesty calvin ) ... i am an intp and the idea of a marriage to a fascinating and wonderful woman is very ... i think it could well be be an nfp fi thing , if internet personality descriptions are to be our guide ... because here is what is said about the infp ( fi dominant ): the basis for this question is reading what is said about enfps on the internet in type descriptions . i don't see how we treat animals today as much different fundamentally as how we have treated them for the last 50,000 years : beef , it's what's for dinner . how it becomes dinner doesn't seem to me to ... for your reference , some replies you may be interested in here . http://personalitycafe.com/intj-forum-scientists/156194-why-doesnt-my-intj-friend-like-read.html i'm not talking about any sort of serious self-loathing , but rather more like being hard on ourselves for making faux-paus , generally of the social kind . one thing as an intp i avoid at all costs is ... haven't seen it yet . but tonight i wanted to break down and cry at the ending of saving mr . banks . such a fe moment . i suppressed it though . watching it by myself with nobody within 100 miles i would ... text message between intp ( me ) and intj me : what did you get for xmas ? intj : i didn't get anything because i didn't get my parents anything so i told them to get me nothing . me : i did a ... just last night ran a mbti on the immediate family . dad is estj mother is isfp sister tested enfj , but i think she's really an esfp . ( she's not very mature ) being stuck in the same ... first things first , here ’ s something else to reflect about … you are young . teenagers and people in their early 20s might face more emotional challenges than “ normal ” people . part of this is due to ... ni is arrogant intjs : rolleyes : math is anathema to me ! ! since 3rd grade it was my bitter academic enemy . any abstract science ( physics , chem , etc ) also was never any interest and avoided at all costs . good thread , thanks . you guys have 0 fe , and it's annoying to even this nt who thinks a lot of it's bs anyway , but still ... related thread i started : ... ok , so ... this is not something foreign . i have been there before myself a couple times ( with enfp ? as well ) . i think the problem in general is as intps we can be quick to get excited about new ... in general : underdogs and those who are marginalized ... basically if society as a whole or a majority has a prejudice against them , i'm usually interested to hear their side of the story and try to ... some parts i liked or laughed about haha , i thought of this exact same story when reading the original post ! haha bump .. a valid and worthwhile question not intj , and i'm not answering your question , but i ^ first of all , try to show emotions and be responsive to the emotions of others . yes . have you tried to type your parents ? i'm pretty sure i've been working with an estj father and an isfp mother ... i don't connect with either of them much at all . particularity in the case of intp and intj here we have two types that share introversion , intuition , and thinking preferences ... on the surface and what i have believed is that these types are ... thank you , that makes me feel a bit better ; i can see where you are coming from in your logic . i have mentioned to this person once before ( in writing-which i find to be the best medium ) the ... a friend of mine , an intj teenager , is driving me crazy with their lack of ability / willigness to express gratitude . i am pretty sure this is a maturity issue that is perhaps compounded by certain ... op , i identify with a good amount of what you are saying . i tend to be a germ freak though , so there is a limit that i reach quicker with regards to mold , unsanitary conditions etc . but clutter ... what's funny is i thought this was supposed to be the other way around . intp is the one who needs to get deep with ideas books and online seminars and is keen to devote hours to their study , ... eehhh yeppp ... i think i have 13 ... started collecting when i was 14 . always been a student of history , particularly ww2 so when i figured out i could buy pieces of history that was pretty amazing . ... this guy helped me out and administered the test : career coach rick duff | aptitude testing and career consultant but it seems it is formulated by this cpp company ... part of it is knowing what i can't do , which is grind it out 9-5 in an office environment . the monotony drives me crazy , i become so unproductive i can't tolerate it . that eliminates a good deal . of ... '