' ooookay well i wasn't seriously thinking this person had a personality disorder i was just thinking about it based purely on another post that op posted describing his behaviour , i know it's ... best / oldest friend : pretty sure he's an istj but he's fucking hilarious and we have the exact same sense of humour , which is sooo weird considering his type is the shadow of mine . boyfriend : istp ... ohhh my god yep . i think the issue with me is that i don't really know who i am - i haven't solidified an identity in my head or outwardly yet , and i try and get info from other people about what ... definitely not normal behaviour , not a healthy enfp . i know a lot about personality disorders and i agree with you . could also be histrionic personality disorder from what you've described . taking things personally like that , they might not be feeling too good . they might be feeling a bit shitty , vulnerable , stressed , getting defensive as a result ? idk them or their life but i know when ... i have been told by others that i look serious / pissed off / bored and maybe that's my neutral facial expression , i wasn't aware of that and it kind of depressed me because i don't want to come off as a ... yes ! ! ! i think it might just be because i feel like it's the best way to get an emotional and physical connection with somebody and the intensity of it makes me kind of addicted to it . i prefer ... i relate to all of these except the cheater one . i'm actually really loyal in relationships . i don't like to commit unless i know that what i feel towards a person is genuine , but when i commit , i ... i'm not an infp , but i'm an nfp and a type 4 so i'm a bit quieter and more reserved than most extroverts anyway , and i can definitely relate to what you've said . i think infps tend to have a very ... i'm an enfp but i get these kind of comments quite often , i wonder why it's always mythical woodland creatures though ? for me it's usually pixie or fairy . my dad used to call me sunshine as kid ... it's a tie between istp and entj for me . my boyfriend is an istp and i obviously love his personality , but i just like istps a lot generally so i voted for istp . i'm not surprised that intjs have ... 1 ) where are you from / where do you live ? i'm from a small , boring little village in england , i've lived here my whooollleee life and i cannot wait to leave ! 2 ) how old are you ? ( ballpark is more ... freedom ( as in , doing what makes you happy and gives your life purpose without hurting other people in any way ) , the right to an ( informed ) opinion , personal boundaries ( physical and emotional ) ... i found this waaay funnier than i should have , are you from the uk because i'm pretty sure the word bum doesn't exist in america ? i like your posts btw , you're funny xd i'm stealing the bum face ^ ) ^ ... yep . i make jokes out of most things and i love telling stories about horrible things that have happened to me and making them hilarious , because i just don't take anything seriously . i seem to find ... i daydream all the time , i love it . it either happens automatically or i deliberately go into daydream mode . if it's automatic , then it's usually triggered by boredom , feeling limited or restricted , ... yes , i hate missing out on things , especially when i know there are certain people there or certain things going on that i'll miss out on . sometimes though , i just want to hide away and not go ... i agree to an extent , but on the other hand this just sounds extremely ignorant . unless you have been diagnosed with a mental illness , you have no right to confirm whether it's real , or what people ... yeah , definitely . i'm not an optimist . i'm shy and quiet around people i'm not 100 % comfortable with . i help people using logic ( mainly ) . i'm a perfectionist ( not sure if sloppiness is an enfp stereotype but i can ... i have adhd , depression , social anxiety and an eating disorder . i was diagnosed with adhd as a kid and then the others as a teenager . i'm not a huge fan of estjs . i like entjs , though , strangely . i agree with what people are saying about gaining weight being difficult , however , it really depends on the persons body . in some situations , weight gain is necessary and therefore when you feed your ... i find that they turn me into a robot - i become a lot more productive but at the same time , i can't feel anything other than a numb , detached emptiness which is infuriating . they definitely take the ... i have anorexia so maybe it's slightly different , but i am constantly told how nasty i look . you'd think that people would be a bit more sensible with what they say to me considering i have an eating ... it really depends , but i seem to prefer te for things like this . i do have an overbearing stj as a parent though , so i think i'm used to seeing things from a te perspective anyway . fi is something i ... i think that enfps might be drawn to those kinds of things , experimenting with it and everything , but i think whether or not they actually get involved in them would vary based on a lot of different ... if i really like somebody i'll try and work things out because i think what if i never meet anyone like this again ? and it scares the shit out of me . i want to try everything because then at least ... being alone / not having somebody that i have a really deep connection with , ever . living a boring , routine , predictable life . being stuck in a shitty situation and seeing no way out . getting old ... i forgive people easily because i like to give them the benefit of the doubt , but if a pattern emerges or any red flags , i'm out . not always easy though , because i get attached to people very ... i have no useful advice right now because i'm in the same situation . i appear more like an infp a lot of the time because i'm so shut off and just not myself . as a kid up until i was about 13 , like ... istj dad and istp mum ! :) i'm not rebellious for no reason , because i don't like breaking rules if there's no need . however , if i don't agree with a rule , spoken or unspoken , or have no respect for the authority , then i'm not ... everything in bold ^ ^ ^ is also what i hate . i have tumblr but i stay well away from that . i hate feminism . i hate how everybody seems to have a mental illness ( it's disrespectful to the people who ... i'm wondering how you deal with si doms ( istjs and isfjs ) ... my family has many of them , my dad is an istj and although usually i get on with him very well , some discussions can quickly become ... brunette . there are tons of brunette infps , haha . i did very well in school , but i didn't behave very well and couldn't focus on subjects i wasn't interested in . i got very bored of the routine . i was very determined to do as well as i could in the ... i get panic attacks quite a lot . i had a panic attack earlier actually which was the first one in a couple of weeks . they're usually triggered by social anxiety , but sometimes i think of so many ... ooooh , haha yes do it ! : laughing : yeah our december was unusually warm in 2015 , too . it kind of scared me because i thought it was global warming or something but i'm starting to doubt whether global ... i live in south east england , haha . it's nice here in autumn - the weather is just cold , not that much rain usually , and i love the colours and everything else about autumn . we get the most rain in ... it really depends on what somebody says and what their intentions are for me . if someone is joking around and being sarcastic , then it's fine and i'll just play along with it . if they are saying ... autumn ! the weather is perfect , the colours are beautiful , there's always a smell of bonfire in the air which i love . halloween is my favorite holiday too . i have some of the best memories from ... sometimes i don't care about my life , and sometimes i care so much that it's overwhelming and i go back to not caring . so yes , i think i definitely have this problem , because it does depress me . it ... aries :) i have add , social anxiety and an eating disorder ( all are diagnosed by a professional , i don't self-diagnose ) . i do sometimes become suicidal , but that's because my mood dips so low sometimes due to ... definitely a masochist . miss peregrine's home for peculiar children , suicide squad and deadpool . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6hzrDeceEKc haha , so do i ! i love them :) aw that sounds amazing and so creative ! i don't think i'd mind being fixed . however , if that means changing me into something i'm not , it'll piss me off . if it involves pushing me to be more productive , successful and efficient then i'd ... '