' hello ! i'm posting this for a friend that isn't a member of the forum but would still like to know his type . thank you so much for your help :) 1 . is there anything that may affect the way you ... i'm so fi that whenever i'm in a graveyard i cry , not because of the dead but because someday i'm gonna be decomposing too . hah . but i totally understand you , i hate the ceremony thing where ... why would they be disappointed ? thinkers are much better balance for us feelers . true ! as an nerdy artist myself , i must say that we're our own category ahaha i never met an enfp ( and if i did i didn't recognize them ) so it's like , i should be pretty excited about this , but it ... it says invalid file hm . that is a really tiny thumbnail ... how can i post bigger pictures ? 630226 very interesting , thank you ! what happens if an intj is forced by family , morals etc to use fe all the time ? ( or the fi-ni-te technique ) infp here :) 629762 white cracks , porcelain smiles i reach out for your painted tears and i feel like i'm talking to myself buttons roll around the room it's hard to catch them falling i feel i'm in control but ... lol i just replied to the wrong thing sorry i have a connection that isn't as refined as it is with art . i'm learning and as i learn i understand it better in its whole . i play a bit of guitar and sing . i love how i feel when i do , it's one ... do you think you fit the intj stereotype ? thanks i love the emojis oh , i wasn't expecting this ... thank you ! ! ! : 3 that's so true . like for example , i think background and experiences really influence it as well . one of my sisters is istj and she went through very similar things in life . we had to face the same ... well in this real world i live in , most people are alike . they don't judge each other as much because they are all the same , i swear . i am the first one to notice uniqueness in each individual , but ... have you ever experienced this ? like being overly weird even around other intuitives ? it really freaks me out when it happens , because i tend to think a lot that intuitives will always get me and ... oh wow cafebot , thank you so much for your welcome . i feel so special now :P <3 there are some really good theories here , i've been obsessing with grimes lately . i don''t think she's enfp cause she tested as one , ( her extroversion percentage wasn't event hat high even ) i am ... hello ! i'm an old member , never been too active or known , but i randomly decided to come back , just cause i needed to drift away from the more common social media for a while , plus i needed more ... how does an intj with well developed fi act / feel like ? are them harder to tell apart from feelers ? which type do they get mistyped for ? hello , it's been years since i posted here , but i remember that a couple years ago an intj from this forum posted an mbti test they made themselves and i could never find it again . it was very well ... yar's new years resolution list : 1.complain about the weather . / / complete / / 2.think about flying dinosaurs . / / complete / / 3.eat a one-sliced bread sandwich / / yum / / 4.magically lose weight while ... my mother is esfj , my father could be an underdeveloped infp of some sort . we have some things in common , but he behaves more like an infp wannabe actually . i could be wrong . even though now that he ... does reading a book that counts more than one check box count ? anyway i could never read so much in a year . unless i find myself without internet . agatha entj blas intp celia isfj darby istp estelle enfp frank istj georgette enfj howard intp isis isfp javier estj thank you ! yes , that's what i feel too , anyway i can't tell whether i am a pure infp or i turned an infp due to depression , social anxiety and other psychological issues . 2 years ago , i was ... awesome . i'm procrastinating too . not for school but for life in general haha . i am supposedly an infp , i've always scored infp most of the times , but i usually score infp or enfj in socionics . is ... i can understand you . i've been through that . but not all intps are the same , this doesn't mean that you could go along with any intp anyway . my intp goes to the casino once a year to play ... i go unconditionally more along with most n types . but i generally go along with isxps istjs and xsfjs quite fine . of course , i have to talk about different stuff when i'm around them , because ... yes . anyway , i was thinking , since this stats are based on ' ' satisfaction ' ' level , would it mean that for example nfxnf is the best pairing for idealists or maybe the most comfortable ? i would find ... ae1905 i found this in the book of anna moss ( intp ) i don't kno how much evidence there is in this since i didn't research it myself , but i thought it was interesting . what do you think about it ? okay , i don't really want to fight you anyway , sorry if some things i said weren't of your liking . i generally go along with esfps to a degree and i have nothing against them . my as just an example ... eeeeh . whatever girl . i never asked you to agree or disagree with me . what do you have to agree / disagree from what i said ? it was an experience , not a theory . so that's quite confusing to me because ... we are here to discuss these kind of experiences aren't we ? you took it personally instead , because if you didn't you wouldn't be this aggressive . i didn't insult you or anything . sorry i won't ... yes of course it's my story , and so ? that's how life is , an experience , you are an sp you should know it better than i do . it is less stereotypical than talking just about the mbti description ... when i am under stress i am just a whiny , sometimes depressed version of me , not an estj at all . : o this is sooo true and probably quite hard to accept for most people . i have a 28 y . o . esfp cousin that got in her first serious relationship . she says she found the man of her life and is really ... you're such an obvious intp . i still wonder how could they possibly call you an esfj yeah . i know . i was just using strong words to illustrate my thoughts to you . i don't ' ' dislike ' ' estjs either . theories are meant to be constantly contradicted and modified , and they sometime ... well . thank you , but i still think i am 1000 light years from being anything close to an s or a j . well i guess you'll make a good investment writing a book about how to detect si-doms as well then . i fear you are not as perceptive as you claim yourself to be . entropic typed me as iei some months ago . and infp lifetime members on typology central never doubted my type . si dominant ? fe ? no way . nobody ever said i am a sei . i could accept iei , iee but not sei . http://personalitycafe.com/whats-my-personality-type/399258-infp-infp-enfp.html here i know , you've got the power to show her the right path :) okay , what am i if i am not an infp . type me if you can :) wth ? i never said i was good at typing or anything like that . anyway , everything needs context , theories are theories , they could make sense but reality is a different thing , nothing personal . if ... you'll find a dangerous infp that will make you praise the flames of hell sooner or later :P mmh . if fire : rationals , what about idealists ? we must be maniacs of something . or are we just stalkers ? '