' my parent's just don't support me , in any way except financially ( and trust me when i say that is begrudgingly ) . it's lately gotten really hard for me . i'm going through a difficult patch in college ... i do , but they didn't like my ex at all , and don't know why i'm so upset about all this really . they also all have hectic lives of their own and they just don't really have the time but how do i rebalance my fi ? i've never really been good at just feeling better , i usually just keep going with my life and i sorta let the things that hurt fade into the background this is probably the most self absorbed thing i've ever posted it . i have it in the enfp forum too , cause lately i just don't know which i am . basically , my boyfriend ( intj ) recently dumped me ... this is probably the most self absorbed thing i've ever posted it . i'm putting it in the infp forum too , cause lately i just don't know which i am . basically , my boyfriend ( intj ) recently dumped me ... i can confirm that i did not go back and probably never will . i don't think i've ever really ' gotten over ' anyone , even people i've broken up with or only went out with a few times . i guess once i give someone a place in my heart , it's there for good , it jut ... i've never been diagnosed with adhd or anything like it , but i have been diagnosed with depression before , and put on meds . after a few months however , the doctors took me off the meds and told me my ... oh , and generally i date guys who are vulnerable and who i feel i can protect . so that could be anything from an awkward nerdy guy to a troubled biker guy ! i'm not quite sure if my current boyfriend is an intj or and intp ( he says p , i say j , i figure he knows himself better than i do ) , and we've been together 6 months , but on and off for going on three ... exactly ! if my vocal words won't make music right my fingers sure as hell will ! hey there ! i'm another jack of all , i can play guitar , ukulele , bass , cajon drum , piano , some violin , bitta flute and the bodhrán ! my singing voice is one that none enjoy hearing ( although i enjoy ... i think the best way for me to study is ( this is going to sounds ridiculous and obvious ) is to just make myself do it . i absorb information well when i sit down to do it i just never do . what you ... apparently i have a distinctive laugh that can be heard miles off , but i don't really know what's so distinctive about it , and i didn't think it was overly loud either , i dunno ! i adore sims , but i really focused a lot of the things like marrying them off and creating the characters , i found following through with simple day-to-day things like making sure they ate and went ... korvyna ohh charlie from supernatural ! ! i'm very quiet around big groups of people which can lead people into thinking i don't have much to day - then they get me a lone and i turn into a powerhouse of ideas and energy ! ! i'm very book-smart ... areas that are mine alone will slowly become messier and messier ( maybe for months on end ) until i decide to clean very very well all at once , but that applies only to places like my bedroom , where ... i'm pretty much a 3.9 , i think that there's an equal enough chance but something in me just veers ever so slightly to the idea that some deity exists ( i don't buy into the gods of any of the modern ... my old best friend and ex-boyfriend were both intjs and i guess it ended badly between us for both of those relationships ! i guess while they're great to hang out with and i genuinely loved the two ... no problem :D i love an opportunity to shove my music onto someone else haha ! teehee , i used to love kesha , my favs were stephen and your love is my drug ! well , hello there . my enneagram is on my signature ( i don't actually recall it off the top of my head . oops , but it is very similar to what you are asking . i remember that i'm a 7w6 sx though ) . i ... alt-j - breezeblocs anything by foo fighters dirty paws - of monsters and men everything by hudson taylor , but particularly chasing rubies and holl dreaming of you-the coral loser-beck the ... i talk to pretty much every animal and kid who walks past me , or i walk past , and i won't talk to them in that degrading tone people sometimes talk to animals / kids , but as equals . i do also ... i mean , i've gotten into relationships through both ways and personally i prefer just jumping right in - you can always break up with them later . i find with the courtship i never quite know where ... okay , so ... * deep sigh * * thinks * she probably did like you quite a bit , but remember that enfps are idealists . she probably liked the idea of you . i've always been initially attracted to infps for ... socionics - the16types.info - mbti : form of the inferior function actually , reading the entire description would be good , maybe i should make a thread to share this post too yeah , i kinda only replied because omg thronie ... and if you're not a thronie well ... you shouldn't have pictures of white walkers on your page . oh and another description of what inferior si ... i have thought and thought myself into corners made of words and nightmares and what has it gotten me but more thoughts , a currency that only buys more currency so please if you want to continue ... so ... what this post is trying to tell me is that being on perscafe instead of studying is a bad thing that i should fix ? nah , i'll believe that when i stop sailing by with good grades . i'm pretty much the same , i sleep , eat , drink , etc whenever i have the urge to , and that means i could go multiple days without food / sleep them at the end have a massive sleep / food binge . it's ... honestly ( this is gonna sound so bad ) it would really depend on how much i loved them , like i'd probably only do it if i couldn't live without them hell no i'd fight for that think there's no way i'm drying for someone i don't even know . i mean , i'd feel bad about it and all but self preservation would definitely win out . i don't remember anything overly bad happening in my childhood , like it seems overall to be not that bad but then the more i think the more i see ... like my mum had me when she was a teenager and ... okay , for example a few weeks ago i heard my mum a couple of times in the bathroom after evenings being sick , and after it happened after dinner a few times i guessed that she was bulimic . turned out ... i don't mind people taking pictures of me , but at the same time i'm not going to pose or anything for the camera , i'll just pretend it isn't there and then when i see the picture and i look god awful ... maybe first date with someone you've known for a while ? :) i see where you're going , and yes that was in the subtext of what i was writing : kitteh : that sounds like a really lovely date too , and ... i've noticed how all the dates actually involve one to one interaction :D no one is saying party with friends or cinema or anything :) so what's your idea of a perfect date ? mine is definitely just me and him , no phones or any links to the outside world with a huge game of thrones boxset or all the lord of the rings or something ... i think she sounds an awful lot more like an esfp than an enfp , but i guess the thing about enfps is that there isn't really one universal characteristic that you can use to describe them , we're all ... it's not unusual at all to find me sitting alone incredibly nervously if i'm around people i don't know or feel comfortable around . in general i find it hard to crack the ice with large groups of ... aw that was so bittersweet pretty i like spicy sandwiches , i like spicy anything . spice is my life . what if they like put butter in it , like what even is that . say whaaat ... i think i may know what you're getting at but if i'm wrong ... well , this will be awkward ( and if so i pinky promise i'm blushing ! ) yeah that doesn't happen much with me , i mean ... i have the classic issue of losing all steam after the beginning of a project and ending up completely unable to motivate myself to finish , which is why short stories work for me better :) i've never actually finished anything i mostly do short stories , i could send you the start of a short ghost story i started yesterday if you wanted ? am i the only enfp out there who , immediately after they meet someone ( first date stage ) will start imagining in detail my life with them , including what our apartment would be like , what kind of ... i think we do change but the change isn't really change it's just coming closer to who we are deep deep down , unless bad things happen in which case you move further from that but you change on a ... '