' charlie.elliot i have actually slowly developed a love for cars in the last year . i used to view them as metal boxes that get me from point a to point b , but it's so much more than that now . i ... i often feel like i go through the physical world like i'm on autopilot . i'll do something and moments later i won't be able to recall anything about that entire event , which often causes some ... i don't like the connotations associated with the word tribe , but i suppose that's beside the point because that's not what you meant . my tribe consists of two people , my best friend and me . he's ... maybe you're very sensitive to light because you have light blue / grey / green eyes ? less pigment in your retina = less protection . i have very light grey eyes and my eye doctor basically advised me to ... i can't speak for other infjs but my apparent weirdness was never evident to me . it was only when other people started calling me eccentric , strange and sometimes even crazy that i registered this ... i am not a licensed therapist , but i have been diagnosed with depression by one in the past and i've done a lot of self-diagnosis and self-analysis over the years . since you're being purposely vague ... i never had a strong sense of identity , nor do i want one to be honest . i've always thought that the true self these authentic people are referring to is just their bloated ego . to me it's ... charlie.elliot i'm not sure if it's possible or related to ennegram , but i can certainly see some infjs being more ti oriented and some being more fe oriented . even when i'm healthy i constantly ... luckily for me my best friend is infj and we're like two blades perpetually sharpening each other . we have constant discussions about our lives and we create long and short-term plans , continuously ... you've explained the relationship between ni and ti pretty well . for me it was like that except fe wasn't a part of the equation at all for a very long time . occasionally i would have bouts of ... the purpose of this thread is to share , analyze and compare ni-ti loop experiences . i hope it will help other mistyped people to recognize their unhealthy state and snap out of it as soon as ... type is only a piece of the puzzle . personality disorders are unrelated to type , though some types tend to have a certain personality disorder more frequently than others . jung was pretty clear on ... desire machine i'm going to turn 21 in a bit less than 2 months , but i'm pretty sure i had my first existential crisis when i was around 11 , as hilarious as that sounds it is true . i've been ... i suppose you're right , but considering how limited our knowledge is i'd say that the ground below us doesn't really exist as far we're concerned . the ground does exist , but it has been outside of ... i have a certain ( dare i say ) faith in human malleability and i'm not particularly keen on genetic defeatism . the hardware isn't as static as some people believe , and even if it was you can use the ... after reading everything i think that is a correct assessment . i exhibit the vast majority of symptoms associated with sdp , but all that does is give a fancy name to my condition . it seems that they ... i consider myself to be extremely unmotivated , and i think it has nothing to do with depression or laziness . i'm unmotivated simply due to the the fact that i think no one has ever given me a good ... it would certainly make sense in theory . ti is excellent at spotting inconsistencies and holes in people's explanations and se should be great at noticing nonverbal signs that liars typically ... sometimes i do the due diligence to do , but when i don't i usually do the do anyway just to do the do . desire machine [ seinfeld bass intensifies ] most facts are a product of the theory they support . if you observe the same phenomena through the lenses of different theories you may produce radically different facts about the phenomena you're ... benthnau i'll be happy to clarify exactly what i'm thinking about . i didn't find the ermenegildo response to be particularly trollish , a bit tongue-in-cheek in it's delivery , but it got me ... ermenegildo point taken . i falsely attempted to attribute the thickness of my skin to my type . in retrospect that seems overly simplistic and pretty foolish . i might have given the impression ... when i'm doing stuff i don't actively think a lot . answers and possibilities just sort of appear in my head out of nowhere . i'll be staring at the problem and solutions will come to me without any ... i usually play rogues and ranger-like characters . when it comes to role-playing of any kind i try to go for the classes that offer most versatility and possibilities . my absolute favorite thing ... the only intj i know irl is really into k-pop . i think she said her favorite group is bts . i think i'd be pretty safe to say that it's her favorite genre of music . so yeah , you're definitely not ... of course it isn't necessarily non sequitur . if it's an argument discussing the personal characteristics of someone you can't avoid personal criticism . i agree that all opinions aren't created equal , ... i'm going to be 21 in a few months . i think that living in this postmodernist deconstruction era that glorifies cynicism and irony has made a lot of people more rude . a lot of people were ... i am totally cool with people criticizing and dissecting my logic in a friendly manner but i absolutely cannot stand personal attacks . i hate when people assume the motivations of other people . i ... i can't really comment on the red pill philosophy due to my unfamiliarity with it . i've just read a few very basic definitions that assert certain things but don't back the assertions up with ... i'm not exactly sure what you're talking about . i can't be bothered to check right now due to the fact that i'm pretty busy , but i can speak in general terms . disliking dogma doesn't mean being a ... you aren't allergic to dogma and group-think . that's truly cool . i usually incorporate ideas from things i am currently watching / reading / playing as well . sometimes , when i see an interesting plot device or idea in fiction i instantly start ... every once in a while i like to come up with stories when i'm bored . i usually do this when listening to music or when i'm trying to fall asleep . i like to do world-building and think about what the ... recently i have been introduced to the concept of the function axes , and i'm quite interested in understanding them . if you haven't heard anything about this concept i suggest you check out the ... i think it would be rather interesting for older , more experienced entps to advise younger entps on matters of academia . it's obvious that the quality of curriculum and style of teaching differs ... nothing stops an intp from developing an interest in fashion and figuring it out , but i think it's fair to say that the vast majority of intps aren't particularly interested . they're not trying to ... i know how to dress , but clothing is just an afterthought for me . i hate shopping for clothes and i don't particularly care how i look like in 95 % of situations . although that probably has to do ... the alterable parts of physical appearance certainly are . clothing and style are pretty good indicators of type ( more specifically , function ) , and with some types that's particularly obvious . speech ... there's one site ( ₪ ₪ ₪ socionics - the new psychology ₪ ₪ ₪ ) in particular that start of the entp description with : entp normally have a long , slim figure . other parts of the body are also ... i'm currently quite interested in socionics and i would advise everyone to check it out with an open mind . even if you don't accept the theory as a whole , bits and pieces of it seem to fit really ... cartoonish mad scientist with a perfectly equipped research facility filled with goons to do the boring parts of realizing my ideas and an intj second in command that would finish my work when i ... would you be willing to provide and example of one such occurrence when an xntp was angry with you for continuing the conflict ? i kinda want to contrast and compare with my own experience . i ... is it common for entps to feel utterly disconnected from other human beings ? when i say disconnected i specifically refer to the interpersonal bonds that other people form . to me it seems ... i really enjoy the process of debating and i don't care about winning or losing . i usually debate with my best friend ( also entp ) . we have nice discussion without any need for superfluous passion or ... i've read a lot of descriptions of the ti / fe axis online and it seems like they're only applicable to the types that have dominant or auxiliary fe . the only exception was one article that attempted ... i don't know if it would be wrong to associate forcefulness of such kind with se , but if it's related to se it would make sense . i've read somewhere that your seventh function is your blind ... i do not accept supposed established facts . i am very skeptical about facts . that's why i am second-guessing myself , and my type and this entire theory . one only has to look back and realize that ... for some reason i haven't properly processed what you've said the first time around . you're absolutely right . when i was 14 i came to that firm conclusion humans are utterly insignificant , ... i've been obsessed with this for about a year and a half . i kept adding more and more info and trying to narrow down my type . whenever i had free time to spare , i was reading about mbti ... '