' yes , it's a lot like a chess game . (: i've been in a similar situation for a couple years now . we met pretty much daily ( all the same classes , clubs , etc . i hate small towns . ) . if one of us gets up ... i don't know about infps having their own universe , but , and i mean this in the nicest , friendliest , i-actually-find-this-topic-interesting way , i think that's a common view about your own thoughts ... oh , the wow thing makes way more sense . i used to play , but my brother kind of commandeered my account and i never bothered to make a new one . the capital letters thing just popped into my head and i ... wow , you seem to have an excellent understanding of your own internal thoughts and feelings on a deep level . i'll have to look into this hume fellow , mostly because he seems interesting but also ... hi , hawkataine , ( i had to check that spelling three times . i suppose i could've copied it but whatever . ) welcome to personality cafe ! funnily enough , i also got started on fictional characters ... hi , and welcome the forum , orionelf . hey , do you prefer it capitalized or is its some kind of e . e . cummings reference ? if you like questions , i have two : why did you chose that name ? based ... yeah , you kind of need some sort of baseline to compare the percentages against , or an idea of what type you think you are . i just thought it was cool thingy , so ... anyway , if you're looking ... okay , i'm not actually sure what to say to that . um , welcome to the forum ! intp to infj actually seems like an really interesting mistyping . if i may ask , what made you realize your infj-ness ? ... something you might also be interested is this : mbti text analyzer ( forum post ) e / i n / s t / f j / p it is a little annoying that you have to put the text in separately for each letter , but seems to be ... okay , stolen directly from enneagram forum here . i couldn't find one for myers-briggs typing , and its a great idea so here it is : intj ( hmm ... here's a thread that's never been done before . ) father - istp mother - estj me - intp i get along excellently with my dad , always have , but no one gets along with my mother . ever since i ... i'm not exactly experienced in this area . the problem is , there's people i enjoy being around and talking to , people that enjoy being around and talking to me ( few and far between ) , and people that ... elementary school ( years 1-4 ) would be the only mandatory level education ( but how much success can a person expect to have , career-wise , without attending higher levels of education ? ) . teaching ... i think there's a couple ways to group types that make sense : ( in order of my personal favorite to least favorite ) 1 - based on dom / aux perceiving functions ( sp , sj , np , nj ) 2 - based on combinations ... wake me up when september ends - green day http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ci5D5r6ZjXA p . s . hope this wasn't an infp only thing ... that is exactly what i'm saying . ( though c . s . lewis says it far more eloquently ) i'm an intp christian . sometimes it makes me think i'm delusional , but i pray and get answers . answers . if god is isn't real or jesus wasn't his son , then wouldn't he correct these beliefs ? of course ... what's good about it ? what makes it a good system ? what makes it better than other personality theories , such as mbti ? perhaps i'm missing the nuances of the system , but it seems like this : ... i think it is a horrible way to learn things and is possibly the worst use of time i have so far encountered , but that's the way education is currently set up . all the schools i've attended so far ... i tend to think of all characters not really puppets controlled by me but as their own people who think and act in their own way . they have their own mindset and their actions and my only job is to ... mother - estj father - istp brother - probable istp sister - ... ? xsfp ? xnfp ? xstj ? who knows ? ( hint : not me . ) ever notice how people willing to memorize things and work to memorize those things get good grades and people who consider themselves above this get bad grades ? what dichotomies ? what functions ? in friendship , parent / child , teacher / student , and romantic relationships , which parts of types affect the way people interact and the way the relationship works the ... i'd like to preface this with : any type who cares about their child / children can and will make an excellent parent . someone before me has ( or should have ) said this but i wanted to say it again . i ... i've got two friends , both of whom i like being around and talking to ( what is the point of having a friend that you don't like ? ): an enfp , who does the super-ne thing and we both become very ... ix92ve been writing with these characters for a long time . in the stories , there are a couple parallel-universe-like things , and every character has a perfect partner . i was wondering if the pairs made ... this depends on what thread / forum / section / whatever you're in . if you're in an mbti section , your mbti type is below it . if you're in an enneagram section , your enneagram type is below it . same for ... leaky little boat - roger clyne & the peacemakers ( it was my comfort song as an infant ) i had a dream i was living in minecraft , and there was a marathon . much sabotage occurred and 51 peopled died . i buried them in three groups of seventeen , worf's evil twin dug them up and made inferi ... based on this popular website . start with dear < personality type > . example : dear estj , no , i am not what you wanted me to be . please get over it . sincerely , not going to change for you i got this idea from the intp photo thread . it's pretty self-explanatory ... here's mine : 79846 79847 79848 79849 http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/88/Portrait_of_George_Washington.jpeg/220px-Portrait_of_George_Washington.jpeg maybe you're right , but i always thought nurture only affected projected personality , instead of true internal personality ... also , there's virtually no evidence for my fi dom . theory . i just ... and , does that happen ? can a person ever really be converted from one type to another ? or is their real first type just buried and squashed ? so we both think it's fi-te & ne-si , but we don't ... okay ... i considered spock an exception . i see your point ; i kind of chalked it up to external influences . i mean , if i was living in a world of people who pretended to be / acted like extreme istjs , ... but spock is also half-human ( and if you're saying all vulcans are istjs , then only half of him is istj ( that part is a joke ) ) . i think he acts like the super-analytic computer because he was raised ... if you see a sleeping dragon , poke it and take some of its gold . because the golden ratio is fascinating , and i could go by phi or ( √ 5 + 1 ) / 2 as a nickname . this is regarding the original series spock portrayed by leonard nimoy . if you do not have sufficient knowledge of this character ( i . e . you have never actually seen episodes of tos ) please do not ... hi , welcome , i'm new too . i'm the same way with drawing . :) i'm leaning toward infj ... are we including comics ? hi , welcome , i'm new too , i'm not great at typing others , but if you want help typing yourself , there's a section for that purpose . or , you could hang around the enfj forum to see what they're like . i'm new too , but hi . joey - esfp rachel - exxp ( i don't really know ) monica - istj ross - intp or istp phoebe - enfp chandler - intp or entp or something ... gunther - isxx jack - esxp ? judy - estj carol - i have ... 1 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... father : istp brother : istp sister : esxj uncle : intp mother : estj i only don't get along with my mom ... but no one gets along with my mom . my brother and dad are two of the best human beings ... 5w6 - 9w1 - 3w2 personal ~ name – goldenratio gender - female location - where were you originally born ? outside of chicago where do you live today ? possibly my least favorite place : good ol ’ south carolina , ... i think i'm an intp ( but my friend thinks i'm intj ) . i enjoy weird geometry problems ( and solving them very simply when others use long , complex and slightly ridiculous methods with the same result ) , ... '