' i have always been terrified of dark sinister things but always come whimpering back to take another look ! always loved the classic horror stories dracula , frankenstien et . love a good villian too , ... my self hatred over the years has evolved into social hatred , sometimes i cannot handle the evil and depravity , pretense and selfishness in others and myself ! sometimes i am appalled by my own ... too long to explain but my intution has never let me down , i absolutely trust it and so those my wife ! we dismiss it as over reaction or ott . being a bit older now and having experienced consequences ... simplicity in complex motion or reverse i know two other infj men both are very stubborn , but do change their minds on what appears to be a whim but i realise they actually do reconsider . one of them is a total mystery to me and everyone , ... no answers will suffice if i am disposed to already believing that god is evil . 48882 carrie anne moss , great in the matrix very strong eyes and expression . i have a terrible habit of following my sat nav taking note to take the next turn off in the next 30 seconds , drifiting off on a thought and missing my turn having to take the next one and double ... many times i will only speak by invitation or neccessity and other times i am just listening , taking in , processing and figuring out a view point to talk and think at those times is not my thing as i ... either too busy ( which will cause stress ) or checking you out . my concepts of revenge and justice are as follows justice = justice is about balance , balancing the scales of an offence , the wrong being satisfied by a correct level of punishment . revenge = ... i have to say that i have led many situations and one of the things that certianly strikes me is that it is easy to make the mistake of having your perceptions affected by appearances . the infj is ... why not consider adoption ? there sure are a lot of couples desperate to adopt a child . some of my sons friends once told him i looked terrifying ! i actually quite liked that . i actually agree that an immature infj can be deeply self centered . i know two and one has become more responble and over time ( becasue they had to ) , he was awful before that and hurt a lot of ... i'm a failed body builder people been complaining i'm too thin for years so i join gyms but lose the discipline and find it time consuming because i'm actually quiet sluggish in the gym , lack ... i believe in a near exstinct religion called christianty . i'm currently reading tipping points by malcolm gladwell , man what a writer , not fiction but great social insights anything by him is worth reading . people get upset with me as my answer for every ailment is to advice them to drink more water , insomnia , tiredness , flu , headaches you name it . i love showers more than baths very hot ones , don't ... batman is an all time favourite but also love toby maguires spider-man his portrayal always moved me . even when there is nothing to worry about i still feel anxious , a kind of low vibrating hum tremor is always active in me moving from background to foreground and verse versa depending on the ... i rate a lot of thriller / action films by the quality of the villains ; intelligence , charisma , motive danger some have caught my admiration ie . palpatine from star wars , sacruman , agent smith from the ... born to run by springsteen utterly love the tune and never get bored of it . something real raw about these lyrics . in the day we sweat it out on the streets of a runaway american dream at ... must be the matrix no film has come close to touching that one total genius the one rocky love the underdog vibe lotr trilogy orig . star wars trilogy alfred hitchock films wizard of oz it's a ... the self aware knowledge can bring both a sense of delight and also a sense of isolation . i know i crave someone to talk to and interact with on my level , i suppose that's why i keep coming back ... quiet by susan cain outliers by malcolm macdowel ( and anything else of his brilliant writer ) the count of monte christo wuthering heights ( breathtaking story ) lord of the rings series ... people who don't know or understand me tend to find a negative label for me i find that people cannot leave you unlabelled you have to be categorised . this past year i really set people off on some abusive raging torrent of tantrum cursing because of my ability to see right through their manipulative behaviour . i have been cursed out , threatened ... i told myself the fire is lost but it was only buried , covered by the frost chances blown time elapsed dreams got drowned empires collapsed then wind carried a message the past could not erase ... i know for me i have to be totally relaxed and at ease to be able to capture my feelings into words . that either comes by the other person putting me at ease or steering my own emotions into a ... there was a great revered christian leader from wales uk called evan roberts who led a massive spiritual revival in 1904 been reading his biography and lots of other profile accounts of his ... reading a biography of enzo ferrari by richard williams don't ask me why , but i am enjoying it . i sweat if i get uncalled for attention makes me nervous i recently returned to a city i had been away from a number of years and have been seeing old faces . some have nodded in recognition others stood right next to me and it was as if i was invisible ! ... just reading this post i can say that i can relate to a degree to how your feeling . it seems to me these things happen in seasons or phases of life a strange combo of normality invaded by stress life ... 1 corinthians 13:13 and now abide faith , hope , love , these three ; but the greatest of these is love . over the years my admiration and respect for martin luther king jnr has greatly risen what a great man ! my ideal party would involve a few people four maximium , respectful and attentive to each persons input , talking philosophical ideas , experiences and lessons learned , delving into the deeper meanings ... used to fight when i was younger until my conscience began to bug me severly when i was about 10 years old was fighting a boy and the crowd formed chanting us on and suddenly out of no where a deep ... when i was a child the girls in my school use to tease me every time they saw me by singing the paul simon song bright eyes burning like fire . i think i had large startled eyes that conveyed ... i am not good at all with keeping in touch it is a real effort for me . even yesterday my aunt called me to pass on a rebuke from my mother for not keeping in touch with her . i honestly believe i ... tbh i have never liked working . just do it to pay the bills really . no let me correct that i am not ambitious in career paths . i think its becasue to really do a good job you have to do something ... this is a very good topic to explore . i still struggle to decide whether i was born infj or the dysfunctional upbringing tipped me down that well . there were definite childhood situations verbally ... i have a rule i keep , that i never disclose too much , to anyone who askes but never tells . met many people like that and all have been duplicitious . came out as being the closest similarity to peter parker ( spiderman ) that has tested on that site . makes me feel a bit guilty now for squashing a spider in bathroom yesterday . i tend to keep up a deliberate blank outward shell but inwardly there is always an ocean of emotions . i think the outward appearance really confuses people because no matter what i say i am feeling i ... been reading richard matheson's a stir of echoes and the main character tom wallace strikes me as a infj . his intuitive trait is intense ( due to an accident in hypnosis ) . http://youtu.be/0_-PYrhVBhg adore this song makes me weak : tongue : i am not what some my call a natural leader in terms of assertion or extroverted organisation . but i do believe i am an authentic leader which i think is a better calling . by authentic i mean that ... nice catchy vibe on this song dealing with maturity http://youtu.be/HIsrJ7TQ2uo # 9 dream atmospheric tune http://www.youtu.be?HvFeU9hQjVA '