' i decided to go through the thread and eliminate from the list those who have since changed their typing . types organized by preferred perceiving function , i before e , f before t ( op was i and f ) ... on how to deal with 8s : do your own thing . inform 8s when they do something you deem unacceptable . stand your ground . use simple sentences that clearly state what you want and what you expect . being ... yes , online tests give people a lot of trouble . third types can be hard to pinpoint , for sure . definitely make sure you've got your core type right first . don't stop at the study of self - ... idk , for me i get the two confused because both are so low in stackings for me . sp is my last instinct , si is my last cf if you use the 8 function model . i can hand-wave them both at the same time ... i feel like we see this a lot , this everyone getting 4 and 5 ... but honestly , i still don't know what it means , for us or the test . idk , somebody rant about this so i can steal your best ideas to ... result : 4 * 5 * 8 i agree with two of the three . still undecided on head fix though . yeah , definitely . i don't think of it as not thinking , but i know others see it that way . i just ... act . i do things . i definitely think this relates to the body triad , but i'm not entirely ... ignoring most everything said up to this point - infj 8 here . leaning 8w7 . most people mistake me for t ( especially when i went through that stage where i thought being an asshole made me ... lol , i didn't say that . but let's talk about this . the absence of obvious , pulsing vibrancy doesn't mean you seem like a robot . you said you have been described as quiet and that you're ... i type at infj for years , i typed exclusively at intj . during a transitional period , all the xnxj types were considered , before and after i started using cognitive functions ; i'm clearly n and j , ... i originally ruled out sx as first , then knew that soc couldn't be second . i was gonna leave it at that , but i really leaned so-first for you . i don't see really any sx , and i don't see an sp ... well , this is why traits shouldn't ( imo ) be used to decide ( or even support ) typing , and that is what i really mean when i say that 9s can be all these things - maybe not all at once , but nobody ... probably not : 8 , 3 , 2 , 7 enh : 4 , 5 , 1 i suggest you look into 6 and 9 . i don't suggest tritypes until core type has been decided , so i'm gonna pass on that one . thinking maybe so / sp / sx for ... most of the traits and behaviors you listed could be completely possible while still being a 9 . i am close with two 9s right now , and most of what you listed applies to both of them . it's important ... it's an interesting idea . i agree that it makes sense for withdrawn to assertive , and assertive to compliant . not sure what the rationale is for compliant to withdrawn ? ( except of course that it's ... i do this too . i've assumed it was a part of the line to 5 , but i haven't considered the connection to 9 ? i'll have to think about it again , sorry it took so long getting back to you , more glitches i guess ! i completely understand the hesitance to type before you're absolutely sure . this forum isn't always the nicest to those who ... i agree that 8s and 4s are both obvious shoo-ins for the intense types . the types share a hidden line , which might be contributing . your sentence about realizing mortality however , sounded more ... i don't wanna be a dick , but i do want to give fair warning - most people who study enneagram agree with the ( only existing ) stance that 9w4 is not real / possible . claiming to be a 9w4 in front of ... 12/12 ! thank god , i was a little nervous , had to guess about a couple . but most i learned in school ... or from star trek ... hi ! no , 9w4 is not possible . the only info is about 9w8 and 9w1 because those are the only two possibilities for type 9 . it goes back to the symbol . type 9 is at the very top . directly next to ... i think some of this depends on how intuitive your friends are . my friends are all keenly perceptive , so i find their observations useful . the two friends with whom i do enneagram things both settled ... admittedly , i do not know much about official disintegration theory or common camps within it . i've heard a few different definitions of disintegration , so i'm not sure i'm even meaning the same ... nah , naranjo and ichazo discussed instincts . the fauvres , like many other theorists , have written more about them . ooh , this is fun ! before i knew much about the enneagram / when i was starting out , i superficially related with : centers of intelligence : head , then gut , then heart . just because i've always been ... well , the section before that test says that the results are still slightly bugged , so that doesn't exactly inspire a whole lot of confidence . in general , i also dislike statements that have too ... : welcome : there are lots of infjs to chat with here , so have fun ! i like the idea of this ! i might return to this after i think about it a bit , but for now bigger : end of capitalism would be nice . abolition of police . total abolition of slavery ( in usa but also ... hi ! tests can make great starting points , for sure . there are also type me / what is my type ? sections ( a general one , and one specifically for the enneagram ) if you'd like the personal help of ... hi ! the infps have an entire forum all to themselves , and there's lots of infps on this site for you to chat with . you could use the search function to find some threads that might interest you , ... : welcome : i tested as intj for years before finally realizing i was actually an infj . welcome to perc ! the instincts chart is funny to me , bc i remember when this stuff was done in 2012 , the person doing it left out the instincts because 95 % of people claimed they were sx . then what are you doing with an infj ? : wink : ... i think i'm funny as far as i know , there isn't a set system in place for enneagram the same way there is for socionics . i've heard that some theorists think the instincts are more important for those concerns . i ... hi wintry ! nice to have you around . i'm sure you'll find plenty of people who want to type the same characters you're interested in :) : welcome : not an 8w9 , but close enough ? like you , i prefer ni-ti , which led me to typing as an nt for years . i rejected 8ness by looking at other types as well , but i never seriously considered 2 ... sounds fun ! let us know what you find ? it's a messy sort of thing , which everyone has to figure out for themselves . you are right that the types off the triangle will border another center , which can be tricky in tritype considerations ... if this was directed at me specifically - i really don't know . i just know it was ( is ? ) a thing . i lurked on this forum to learn about the enneagram , before i read any books or anything , so i really ... fwiw , i'm always watching friends , and i also think ross geller is a 2 . ( when i finish the show , i'll wait for maybe a week , realize i miss it , and start watching it again . i've seriously seen the ... like the other 8s on this thread , i don't like the vulnerable thing . (8 s ? not liking vulnerability ? shocking ! ) the other points are good . but here's the thing . i also agree with most of 1 , 2 , 4 , ... ah , yes , thank you . i use triad , personally , but these are important distinctions . the 459 as a mistype tritype makes a bit more sense . i didn't realize it was becoming relevant again , no matter ... i think the determining factor will be how open you are to each other's presence , perspective , and overall personality . there are 4s i roll my eyes at , and there are 4s who hate my guts . but my best ... i liked what lord b said at the end of their post : it seems pretty possible . i think mistyping is common and not something to be ashamed of . i do understand that typing as something on a forum ... amen . tbh , type 2 is still hard for me to understand , partly because of the varied information on the type and partly because i just have some hang-ups on that information . good luck on ... i've read chestnut , and decided i didn't much care for her stuff . i will still bring her up as a possible approach for people who seem to need a new perspective when they're trying to figure out ... hello , just a couple things this time , i swear this probably sounds weird , but i really appreciate how strongly you identify with the self-preservation instinct . it's very interesting to me . i ... what we do here - lots of chatting , lots of relating , lurking on the occasional thread about an important aspect of the theory that you somehow missed but explains so much . ya know . the usual . ... i enjoy using personality systems to understand characters too ! helps so , so much lol , i managed to go from intj to infj with only briefly looking at enfj ( an infp convinced me to do it , i blame her ) . i enjoy the enneagram , but i know it's not for everybody . super jealous about ... '