' ( i didn't know people still post to this thread . ) the magnifying glass life has moved on from me , packed its bags and declared that it is time to go , she ’ s lost interest , no point sticking around ... no . ah yeah i agree to an extent . for example i wouldn't recommend ( mostly ) irreversible body alterations to people who don't identify with a specific body umm ... image ? i suppose ? i . e . i wouldn't say a ... 482858 i honestly just don't see any point to gender . i think every single role that would've fall under the category of masculine or feminine before has so many exceptions by now that they're all ... nyegh , struggling with existence , as usual . i think my presence in life can best be described as fluctuating . it's like i shift in and out of reality riding some uncontrollable wave . i don't think this is true , for me anyway . i don't have a lot of es - - friends but one of my close friends is an estp , and just the es - - by itself doesn't really give me enough context regarding ... i feel like i'm ... leaking . emotional leakage . like oil , you know , out of a machine suffering an error . and you know lately i sometimes think being human would be preferable to being a machine , ... peace , mentally . no it's not . i already explained this . http://personalitycafe.com/showthread.php?p=19652682 awesome ! thank you so much ! yeah , i've seen a few things where people distinguished that for pansexual people , gender doesn't make a difference in how the attraction is experienced , but for bisexual people gender does make a ... yes , there is some overlap . pansexuality and bisexuality are both multisexual ( attracted to more than one gender ) identities , so overlap is only natural . at this point you're literally telling me ... i never told them to get rid of both . if you have an actual concern about it maybe you should tell a mod instead of me . i don't identify as pansexual and i'm not well-versed in how the pansexual ... i don't really care what they do with both . i'm glad you understand the prefix bi , but the word bisexuality is defined as attraction to two or more genders , if you bothered reading my first ... well , it's nice that it works for you , but male and female aren't the only genders out there . and it's not like i'm asking for bisexual to be added to a system that says male female both ... nice nice nice . i posted earlier in the private complaints forum and was told it would fit better on this forum by a mod . i'm surprised one hasn't responded yet either . ? ? ? is bisexual really so specific a term that it would call into question the need for lines to be drawn ? bisexual is one of the original terms used to describe sexual orientation , it's not ... options have been added before . when i first joined this site , pansexual wasn't listed as an option . i don't really understand what the big deal is about it . being able to put that information on ... i don't get why i should have to use a term i'm not comfortable with when the word bisexual has been around for decades and can easily be added to a drop-down menu . yeah , but pansexual isn't bisexual , you feel ? light yagami from death note for intj , but you could argue that he's entj too . i can't think of any 7s i particularly like at the moment . hi there . i was wondering if bisexualcould be added to the options when selecting sexual preference on your profile ? i think both is supposed to stand in for bisexuality but bisexuality is ... i'm not ... i think ? i think i'm not . thinking . deleted . deleted . i can't tell if it's feelings i hate having or if it's just this kind of feelings . either way , it's undeniably inconvenient . just give up on your stand and wishes and start living with your eyes open for once . my vision isn't nearly perfect enough . i am so , so angry . you can twist yourself into so many shapes and i don't ... http://personalitycafe.com/whats-my-enneagram-type/275554-i-filled-out-questionnaire-am-i-cool-yet.html it's this one :D edit : hi , so , i'm a liar , and notalwayshuman isn't a real person , ... hahahahahah yeah um tbh all the anger only goes on in my head . i never say these things ( but i do threaten to chop dicks off and stuff but that's because i want the person to think i'm kidding so ... awwwyis i'm new too ! loving the icon ; 3 yeaaahhh i joined months ago but never touched the forums xd welcome :) tha nk s man ( i think omg ) / / whispers please don't think i'm stupid like i know i'm lame but come on i'm a 13 year old still going thru puberty n shit pls ( sorry if i'm doing this wrong . tbh idk how to use this app what ) thanks ^ _ ^ i thought the same thing when it came to my age . i'm p sure i should be older and develop my uh , mindset more i think ... i think it sounds good . i'm reluctant to say that i'm an eight based on description alone , but right now i do think it's most likely . main questions 1 . what drives you in life ? what do you look for ? success . i want to be rich and stuff but tbh i don't rlly know why i just want money . i guess i'd buy merchandise n stuff ... doll , my sister's going to fill out a questionnaire ! ! ! yes , that's true . i think a lot of types could be , though . http://38.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mcm4wa07rM1rnrss4o1_1280.jpg sure , i'll send you a message as well . thank you very much , i appreciate your help . danes i'll take a look . there seems to be a wealth of resources on this forum . thank you . i'll message you my skype . alright , thank you . i don't think it's likely that i'm an image type either . ( that's fine , thank you though . ) studs alright , i see . would anyone be interested in messaging me privately or exchanging skype ? there are a few things i'm not comfortable with sharing but that will likely answer these questions . i see . i've read no ichazo , some naranjo , no palmer , some maitri , etc . i don't have very much time lately so i read what i can . a few events in my life had led me to become bitter about ... 5w6 so / sp ^ absolutely . thank you . i think i understand what you're trying to say . survival ... not dying ? now ... who knows where the wardrobe portal is ? '