' could you change my name to azullade please ? could you explain a little more by what you mean about differences in the definition of relationship ? haha i agree , i have weak argumentation skills . however , the reason i appealed to your personal experience ( or , rather , to anyone's personal experience ) is to see if i could conjure up enough ... oh man , that sounds tough ! i've read that intjs tend to prefer directness , perhaps you should try talking about these things openly with him ( unless you already have ) ? i can see how this can be ... crferguson i like your optimism ! have you ever been / are you in a long-term relationship with an enfp ? i got the information from the intjforum website . i can provide you with links if you'd like . :) i thought the death spiral was more common between enfps and entps .. ? maybe just nfs and nts ? also , if you don't mind me asking , are you two currently together ? the fact that you nafatali are the only one that has responded to this thread makes me think that your experience is the exception xd ok , sorry everyone if this topic has bored you to death now , but i wanted to get some insight from some of you intjs . i have read various threads from multiple forums about this ideal duo and ... hmm .. could you elaborate a bit more , please ? you're right . i guess i'm just jealous of whoever gets to be the lover of a buddha . haha that picture is gold ! ;) ahhh yes , your calmness . my best friend has a buddhist nature . i love that . unfortunately , i find these two types are more along the lines of brother-sister than they are lovers / soulmates . haha if ... hello , all . so lately i've noticed this massive bond that i form with infps . i haven't dated one , although , one of my best friends is infp and if i were to find someone exactly like him , i would ... spankymcfly i'm an enfp and yes , i like meeting new people and doing new things but i also really enjoy spending time with one person , especially if its a romantic intrest / partner . the way i see it , ... so i'm having weird doubts about my ne lately , like i can't get it to turn on . i know it's the dominant function for an enfp which makes me start to question whether i'm an enfp at all ? i did get an ... i guess they do , but i was referring to that forced kind of introspection that comes from being out of your element . i get self-reflective over various reasons , though , so i figured there were ... i know this won't provide you any help with your problems , but honestly , i'm almost jealous that you're going through this self-reflection stage ( of course , i am already jealous that you're in south ... i'm debating on whether or not i want to try acid . not many people have it in my area and i've finally gotten the opportunity to do it . what do you all think ? have you ever tried it ? i've never ... how dare you ! : shocked : : laughing : haha love this song ... http://youtu.be/xzQvGz6_fvA well then , we are in a perfect situation because i love learning another person's life . :) good to know ! thanks for taking the time to answer all these . :) haha i don't know why i assumed you would just randomly open up to me via the internet . i'll be more specific :) what interests you ? what do you usually think about ? are there any infj stereotypes ... xperimntnterror ahhh but i can't lurk by your house :P that's too weird , even for me ! yeah , i just wish i knew how to approach you infj's . i keep reading about the awesome chemistry between our ... for someone to chat with . c'mon peeps ! :) i've yet to meet an infj irl . what makes you so complex ? where do you people hangout at so i can start lurking ? hahaha feeeling stalkerish today . my apologies .. oh the vocals .. perfect end to my day . http://youtu.be/F8wqmh3KybI http://youtu.be/IgF9ApQ-YRQ gooodmorning ( or hello , depends where you live :) ) mission accomplished : this song makes me to dance . of fire friendship potential heat entp or intj lately been leaning more towards entp ... i feel like a traitor ! edit : oh wait ... just remembered i don't even want to get married ... :P owls i desire to have a connection with someone . ( i'm a bit frisky today so i also desire this encounter to have lots and lots of passion . what happened to all the passionate people ? ) http://youtu.be/Nd30xwa8nPI strange connection but i'll roll with it .. pyramid scam : ninja : ringing moop to everything you said .. yes ! haha , those are my thoughts exactly ( ok , maybe a bit better worded : laughing :) opportunistic entp's ! ! ! haha , jk ... tom petty yeah , sad but true . i find it hard to draw the line between someone ' just being themself ' and someone who really needs to get their shit straight . but , then again , who am i to judge ? i guess as far ... http://youtu.be/owNtZIn7L4A so old , but still a good one imo ;) haha right ? after i posted i realized how obvious the answer was .. thanks for taking the time to answer anyway ! :) betraying ( or is that just mine ? ) just curious . i've had friends who thought they could save [ insert name ] from themself but i wonder if this is actually possible . i tend to lean more towards self-generated change . what do you all ... not limited to kids , let me assure you ! it was either that or bob saget lol intense chaos hahaha how can i follow that ! flush ( meant for you , person who uses my bathroom when i'm not here .. pleasant surprise when i get home .. anyway , yes , flush .. please ) void what do you think makes people hate you ? as to what you mentioned about people not initiating anything and it always being you , well , with that all i can say ( from my experience anyway ) is that ... '