' to me tilda swinton always seems very infj . her and robert sean leonard in particular stand out to me where all others i can't say . in 1997 my esfp friend introduced me to a free online test for mbti where i think i got intp first , but i decided to read through all the profiles of the types and that is when i first was introduced ... that's a bloody hard one because i would think there is the risk of the advancement of the disaster into other areas that will eventually cause more problems in the future ... sooo ... i would want to ... i've been looking all over for you , you crazy cat . how have you been ? rational / judging functions are conscious and irrational / perceiving functions are subconscious . what most people outside of typology would call intuitive would be about being in touch with feelings ... ok . thanks for taking the time to go through it even though it is lengthy . what you chose was fi as your # 1 function and ne as your # 2 function . the rest only really shows how when you introspect ... try to number these in the order you think these most describe you . a . ___i am a take-charge , no-nonsense type of person . ix92m not afraid to take the lead or issue directives or correctives to ... your ne examples sounds like a very interpersonal feeling function more than about ideas and concepts . your ni examples seems too deliberate to be a perceiving function because perceiving ... you make perfect sense even though i might not fully be on board with the type changing ... but honestly i don't know because the more we find out about the remarkable plasticity of the brain the more ... i definitely relate to what you are saying because i'm an extreme introvert . what i mean by ambivert has more to do with the subject of fi / fe or the infp / infj . for both of us our infp traits ... i hope that does help to give you some peace of mind for however long that lasts because i think my peace of mind is rather short lived . lol yeh , it is annoying to pay but i figured it was less than ... there is plenty out there that touch on this convoluted subject . one of the ones that helped me best was personality junkie's clarifier . it is actually includes a lot of extensive reading but it ... 1 ) how do you experience nostalgia ? much of my nostalgia especially recently has been when revisiting dreams and stories that inspired my imagination when i was a child which feels like a downy ... gandhi reminds me of jesus and has admitted to using much of jesus ' teachings as inspiration for his revolution . there was someone who pointed out that mahatma gandhi was an infp instead of infj ... gandhi reminds me of jesus and has admitted to using much of jesus ' teachings as inspiration for his revolution . there was someone who pointed out that mahatma gandhi was an infp instead of infj ... fe is self sacrificing . another way this could be seen is emotional suicide that anyone can experience if brought to the brink to not want to deal with life anymore which could be fi or fe . who's ... very good ... as you shouldn't . then don't worry about talking about mbti anymore as you have no basis for your arguments . ta it is good you asked . dr beebe who is the reason we are talking about cognitive functions in the first place . dig a little deeper and it is all there . understanding the archetypes involving the ... backpack reminder the sixth cognitive function would be called the bad parent function , so ti would be used but used in an immature and negative way - and if subjective would be used as the voice inside one's head ... infp visual and theoretical . being presented with many possibilities to think through the why of the outcomes helps me understand it at its core and its complexity from different angles . i don't have time to answer since i'm getting my swole on . ouija board https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-Nw7HbaeWY all introverted functions revert to the past in their own way . ni does a different kind of recollection than si . ni is a dreamlike recollection of ideas that is considered the one subconscious ... never was there a time where i wasn't forming imaginary worlds which my mind fled to whenever possible and yes it took precedence to the point that i never finish my school work or got in the way of ... if a fiction or fantasy story inspires images to flash across the screen of my mind's eye , then i deem it worthy as a launching pad for internal stories and new frameworks for possibilities of ... when my ne is released and firing on all cylinders and i feel freely accepted by whoever or whomever is listening , verbiage can run rampant ! lol : fat : that is interesting because you get to see first hand the difference between ni and ne . there are a lot of speculations as to the differences but i think not a lot of people understand it ... dad - intj mum - isfj ( they are rather opposite of mind sort of couple yet practical in their loyalty to each other ) bro - intp ( mathematical recluse ) sis - isfj ( diy master ) bro - enfj ( affable ... my longest lasting friendship and best friend is with an infp . as far as how many i've met over the years , i'm not sure because it is hard to say who is what unless i've known them for awhile .  ... there have been a couple of istjs because their limited scope when it comes to abstract possibilities was a bit of an irritation to my sensibilities but with one in particular was out to destroy my ... absolutely . nyan cat this year . squamous cells and mucus i'd have to look into it because i wouldn't know personally . that would be cool if it is true . sloth and too lazy to write the rest out in order ... reserved , quiet , reclusive , sometimes silly , sometimes deep and mostly unpredictable . not sure if i'll regret it later , but i've been feeling more satisfied by being on my own for these last couple of years . it might be a sign that i will end up staying this way for a good long time ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LoGFQ0AcXmc wallow depends on what kind of bad mood are we talking about . infps may be more self criticizing than they would normally extrovert their judgments , so it hits them hard in the gut to engage in ... quietly . it might have to do with the practicalities of life when you are older and how busy people are along with where they are at in their lives when working and raising a family which of course takes ... politics the loneliest i ever felt was when i was married and was completely misunderstood and misjudged by my spouse . it takes a lot for me to commit , but i'd rather be on my own than feel lonely in a ... let's step away quietly from mbti and look at what the agenda is underlining this kind of thinking . if someone is hunting for a mate , and think that what they turn up with is going to automatically ... i'd make up planets and alien creatures with alien cultures and would include some friends who would sort of play along at times . it was easier to tell them we were playing star wars so they would ... the art of writing especially for tv is to bring to light a character that a wide majority of the population can sympathize with . it is probably best not to invest a great deal of energy into typing ... there was something i ran across which i think was by dr nardi or someone in typology research saying that the more balanced and well rounded an individual is and versatile his interests , the harder ... * yawn * '