' https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Bmur-NtCAAAsMy.jpg just embrace it . it will make everything easier . allow yourself to be known for your hard work and ability . i agree with you . i am an intp , and i certainly can't relate to that part of your bf . also , his age will certainly come into play as well . i'm 28 , and i only really started to develop my own fe ... i'm not an istp , but i'd go with the ability to mentally rearrange the atomic particles , structures , and bonds of the molecules so as to be able to construct and deconstruct any matter around me into ... i'm 28 , i work as a maintenance assistant in a large facility , and i was born and raised in the us . i like the straight-forward nature of my job , how everything can be broken down into steps , but ... when i first took my first test , it gave me intj , but after reading that profile , i knew i needed to retake . the second time it gave me intp , and upon reading that profile , it struck home . it fit ... i do as well . i currently have the pleasure of dating one , and even though some of her flaws show through , she's still basically on of the most decent human beings i've ever had the privilege of ... if you don't mind me prying a bit into your thought processes , what do you mean when you say standards , mutually improved , and happy ? i ask because if you don't want to be single , it could ... i have a question for all of you infj's . from what i've picked up , it seems that infj's only allow themselves to get into a serious relationship when everything is fitting right , and i can imagine ... i completely agree with space ryder ; you say that you want to know where this is going and how he feels . ask him in a straightforward manner and you will get an honest response . just know that he ... octavius magnus i agree , and i believe it's for that very reason that most of the best conversations and relationships ( platonic and romantic ) i've had have been with nf's . they can relate to the ... with me , it's the relationship between volts , watts , amps , and current . i understand pieces of it , and people have attempted to explain it to me before , but no matter what i read , my mind just ... also , people aren't omniscient , regarding both the people around them and people in general . just because you think you have an ideal match in a particular type of person doesn't mean a different ... i for one never really found socionic's dualities to hold much water . sure , such a pairing would offer the broadest range of capabilities , but attraction and like-mindedness are needed to get the ... 27 i only pick on nf's because i find you all adorable :) so positive and ignorantly hopeful ; what's not to love ? my advice is simply to get to know him . if you aren't able to socialize with him in a group , then you may just have to bite the bullet and start a conversation with him . the chances of him just ... perpetuallyreticent i do agree with tora . we can be very flaky . it sounds like he enjoys your company , but we can be very easily distracted by things we find interesting and new , although pulling ... what effects the millennial generation is having on the culture and workplace . you need to smile more . girls would want to be around you more if you smiled more . - the ( older ) ladies at my workplace . thanks ladies ... don't over-think it . - well meaning friends when i'm ... ya , i agree with most of the people here : i do not try to be different . i just be myself . i just am different than most people , and i don't bother trying to fit in . the only time i possibly feel ... dah cherishyourheart fischer alright , so this update is about two weeks old , but i thought i'd let you all know what happened during that conversation . so , turns out that she did not see the ... lol , wow . you all certainly are very aloof , cautious individuals . dah and cherishyourheart thank you for your replies ! they were quite eye opening , and the situation is much clearer . well , it's a ... i work on my own for hours everyday , and i am almost always talking to myself : mostly mumbling , but occasionally , i'll hit on some really energetic and have broken into yelling . ( it's a good thing i ... hey , my friendly , neighborhood infjs ! intp here . so , i recently started a relationship with an infj ( met her at church , got to know her for a couple of months , asked her out to dinner , and have ... grandmaster yoda i think it might be time to reach out to the istp's by explaining to them that the intp's are currently the only thing standing between them and the esp's and en's . they hold ... i still say we just declare an intp national week of comprehension where we do nothing but sit still and brood over esoteric subjects all day ; that should be enough to get them clear of our borders ... lol , i am a janitor ! also , i'd contribute and say that one reason why i really enjoy being a janitor is that it gives me tons of next to mindless work to do , so i can dedicate a very small amount of ... i'm just starting a relationship with an infj , and hopefully it will work out . i find her quietness and caring very cute and attractive . we also have great conversations . intelligent , ... i'm sorry for you . this sounds very hard . for both of you . you are struggling so much to make your family strong and happy , and he is struggling trying to comprehend how he feels and finding ways ... runs away in the opposite direction and hides . i usually look for intx's the same way scientists look for black holes . you know there has to be some personality there because everyone has one , yet you can never manage to actually spot it . intx . with me , affection tends to be small touches that i try to pass off as little acts of preening or grooming , but are really just an excuse to touch the other person ( it's funny , this is usually one of ... i prefer party dynamics , so if it's not a party game , such as skyrim , i'll mod it until i can make it a party game , and then mod it more to make it an acceptable difficulty level . i level everyone ... alright , i have a question that i cannot formulate an answer to , and i'm asking you all ( read in estp's ) because if anyone can help , i'm hoping it is you all . ok , here it is : what does the ... you know you're an intp when you are at the zoo , eating a bag of cookies for lunch . you finish eating and see you have six cookies left , and see a family of six happily eating their lunch a couple ... so , i've been up for the last couple hours digging through something mentally . regarding one of the girls i know in my circle of acquaintances , i noticed that over the last couple of weeks that i've ... i can relate to this . my last relationship was with an isfj , and it lasted about 15 months . i do wish i knew about mb back then , because it probably would have helped me understand and address many ... with me , i'd say that taking advice or listening and following different ideas is not something i have a problem with . now , if these ideas are counter to or contradict something i have arrived at on ... with me , i'd say i hit it off well ( didn't want to say bond ; started too , but the feeling of the word was off ) with istp's , entp's , and xnfj's . k i generally become really extroverted : enjoy large crowds , will start talking to anybody , and will do my utmost to track down any girl that i've been getting attention from anytime during the last ... goodness , i'm sorry to hear that your dad is acting in such a way . it sounds like he has a number of his own issues , and he's bullying his children in response to them . i applaud you for having the ... i do agree . my younger brother is an esfp . i haven't ever mentioned this to him before , but now that i think of it , i do believe he would be quite receptive ; however , it may still be too abstract ... i also would agree that i know more entp's than any other nt type , but i only know maybe twelve nt types , so it's not a very large sample size . yes ( intp ) just to note , i loved your explanation of the uses of our functions ; they are so visual , applicable , and helps explain how we use them to non-intp folks . inregardstomyself warning : after typing this out , i discovered it was another massive ti rant about ti interaction , or quite possibly it's all just fi , and that's why i'm so bad at it . lol , no ... with me , despite being typed by a test once as an intj , every other test i've taken has spouted intp . then , after learning more about the functions , that solidified it . plus it helped that i always ... it's more do to with personal interest ; not really a self-discovery , i know who i am , but more of a self-understanding . emotions have always felt like something just outside of my grasp of ... so true . '