' certainly there is a planet with green nymphs ... 3657836577 3657636575 http://personalitycafe.com/images/styles/AnimatedArena/misc/pencil.png 3657436573 welcome back to your home world vivianightime , we've missed you too ! i totally get your point . you are correct in your choice . blessings don't you think its sad that only the nf and possibly only the infp that can relate , and adjust ( possibly ) and therefore , still be outside looking in at the rest of the dysfunctional but functioning ... yes , these kinds of things are disturbing . i am sorry that happened to you and that you still have to remember it . i had serveral abduction dreams , many sex / awareness insecurity dreams ... its a ... yes , i would like to meet an infp that doesn't do this , to learn their secret ! could please start a thread on this ? :) i had this dream when i was a child . we had two closets from two rooms that touched back to back , but i thought there was a hidden space between them . in taht space , aliens lived in my dreams and ... questor wow ... married 30 years next month ... i think you're right , she is catching up ... or ... hmmm , no ... she's catching up :) hend , good news you are learning who you are ! i first studied music . then i got degrees in finance and economics , 40 years later , all i do is play my guitar and wish i hadn't quit music . you are ... oh , i see ... thanks ... ok , what did i do wrong ... its a 2.0 mb file .. is taht why it is so small ... do i need a smaller file ? here's one of my favorites . gal in the middle is a friend of 51 years . 33908 ana checkout without you by nilsson , total eclipse of the heart and its a heartache , bonnie tyler , two out of three ain't bad , meatloaf , first time ever i saw your face , roberta flack , you ... vox ... i am also 5w4 4w5 9w1 ... and your explanation is exactly mine . thank you at enfpleasantly , life is mysterious ... yes , da_gobbo , i tired to say this , but you said it more clearly : being criticized for something that we don't consider a fault ... thank you ok , i am 4th of 5 . but i am also a type five infp . i am your typical janitor with a 155 iq ( we do this to puff ourselves up and helps me feel less of a loser ) . no one expects anything of me , and ... hey adverseaffects and goldaline , when does the friendly nonhostile cafe open ? this stuff brings me down ... i canonly reiterate what adverseaffects and i have already stated : it feels that diferent perspectives ( personality types ) have a predisposition to not hear or in some way deflect the offering and ... btw luis fuego your scores are almost identical to mine ... but you probably felt that intuitively ... yes , infp's can be depressed and melancholy . when i want to be reminded of having my heart ripped out , there are some songs that i can put on that are the expressways to long bouts of crying ... good question lightened the original question is why do we abhor constructive criticism .. and the answer is because it is critical . i think infp's have a hard time with this , because we are ... souled in thank you for the link and your diagram . counselors in the profession , are often taught to develop relationships , are non judgemental , and give a lot of positive regard to develop trust ... adverseaffects i feel like such a kiss ass following you around and agreeing with you tonight , however , this is exactly what you predicted for all the right reasons ... lightened sometimes ... eyenexepee that's what i would have said if you hadn't . i could take constructive criticism from msot infp's ... but what an estj's take on a situation is rarely of any value , becuase it almost always ... i have to agree with you . i haven't met very many people who accept me as i am , and that i am a positive example of anything ... most would change something . i am straight , not girlie , but i am very uncomfortable around redneck guys , because i percieve them as lacking empathy . i never want to act like a male authoritarian just because i am a mail ... but ... yea , that's one of my requirements ... :) http://restorefairness.org/wp-content/uploads/Tiananmen-Square-protest-006.jpg 5w4 - 4w5 - 9w1 stop , hey , what's the sound ... give peace a chance h robespierre i am an infp ... i 55 % n 75 f 80 p 80 5w4 i am very open and gregarious if unthreatened . a clam otherwise . spend all my time studying things independently , although i did ... 1 . despite the fact that i am add and infp , i have managed to be productive 2 . despite the fact that i have managed to be productive , i have been able to fill my life with art and adventure 3 . i ... robby the robot , anne francis , leslie nielson , forbidden planet et , et wall-e , wall-e r2d2 , star wars glinda , good which of the south , the wizard of oz marvin , hitchhiker's guide to the universe ... beautifully said . you're children might be infp's . i have two isfp's . boy and a girl . neither one could make their bed or clean their room . but they are beautiful , responsible people . what he said . thanks infpblog i am afraid i would be a little concerned for your infp friend too thescientist . unclebigs is just stating how the world over time , reacts to us . i have an iq of 155 plus . i am not a lawyer , ... ok , i am not a therapist , just an infp ... so i can not rightly talk about cause and effect in your relationship . let me make a terribly sexist comment , purely for the point of making a point , ok ? ... well , so far so good . when you feel yourself wanting to say , man-up , and get over it , you've broken the heart , back and soul of an infp . i view it as going to the grocery store . my wife is ... arrow nailed it scientist , let him be and trust that he can and will work through it on his own . if it doesn't happen his way , in his time , he'll kick a pot of gold off a cliff ( but not a heart of ... infp's are warm , thoughtful , caring individuals . our body language is relaxed one on one until threatened , and pensive in groups until made comfortable by overt inclusion . i stare at my shoes and ... i am not an e , i just like riddles and wanted to see what the question was . the obvious is she is non committed and vague , probably she is projecting how she wants this particular relationship to ... i am not gay ... but then we haven't met ... i see your point :) hey intjdude , i swallow , but please don't ask how much , because that involves someone else not in the discussion and boy would she be miffed ! maybe that's why the point seems so off point . i'm ... i worry that anything i will ever do in life , could have been done in a day or two , making the rest wasted . that when i thought someone understood the meaning of my life , the really just agreed ... what's the limit on how many times i can thank you for saying this da_gabbo ? some of the comments are entertaining and some enlightening , but stupid just wastes everyone's time . [ quote = gestalt ; 2230678 ] who is the guy in your picture ? warren buffet also , you listed your own type twice there . [ / q yes , i agree . i raised a family with the money ... but i lost myself in the process . i think we do this introspection thing because we need to keep our values in line with our actions / activities , ... thanks bago . i myself live in my f world filled with photo art and music . i am trying to be a taoist in practice , but i work in an emgineering field , and there is friction there so far , i haven't ... yes , i suppose announcing a lable , be it infp , republcan , or jew , does open one up to a mryiad of stereotypes that may be more projection than discernment , i was only offering an apology if that was ... '