' boops this . isfp . nope , no mindgames here . i definitely meant l o w k e y with a capital l-o-w-k-e-y . ah , retaliation at its finest . get ready to catch these hands , buddy . ( ͡ ° ͜ ʖ ͡ ° ) ( ͡ ° ͜ ʖ ͡ ° ) ( ͡ ° ͜ ʖ ͡ ° ) ( ͡ ° ͜ ʖ ... — make that an emphasis on lowkey . ( ͡ ° ͜ ʖ ͡ ° ) i doubt that many of you will know who she is because she's exclusively associated with filipino show biz , but ahhh , i am in grossly in love with her and a bit ambiguous about my typing skills in ... istj . x7fx97when you find yourself lowkey swooning over intps . haha . this is a joke . i think . ah , this thread seems lots of fun ! : tongue : it's nice to see the diversity here ! hmm , i'm an infj , and for me , one fictional hero i relate to would be raven from the teen titans ( intj ) , and the ... x97when you get pegged for over-analyzing , but everyone else is actually just under-analyzing . kikyo feel free to do so , if you're still up for it ! ( ✿ ◠ ‿ ◠ ) it will be a long journey , but yes , said journey will reap its benefits ; happiness has its sacrifices . i'm glad that you believe in me ... akiyamahaha , i can't say that agree with you on the easier done than said part , but you make a point ... we'll see . thank you ! : tongue : lightboxhmm , well , if he's not an intp , then he has to be an entp because his ne and ti are way too strong , and his fe is way too fragile to fit into the mold of any other type . and he's typically ... castironpan ... define super cute . silverfalconthank you ! ( ◠ ‿ ◠ ✿ ) and hey , never say never , right ? those are the primary reasons ... perhaps the only reasons , actually . however , i'm going to do my best to make , i don't know , ... kikyo no pressure at all ! that's often true , anyways ! x97ah , thank you , thank you , thank you so much . ( ◡ ‿ ◡ ✿ ) i need to start dwelling more on what i'm capable of as opposed to what i lack , embracing ... never mind ; it's not possible for me to edit anything after 24 hours of posting it , so , i'll just keep the whole font thing in mind from this point on . i'll reformat everything whenever i have access to a computer . i'm sorry about that ! my phone is shittier than my computer , and i'm probably going to be outside the entire day , so i won't be able to reply to everyone else's input until tomorrow or tuesday ... but thank you so , so much ... kikyo ah , i just turned 16 on christmas day . i'm so young it burns . : tongue : hmm , really ? while you don't deserve to have felt that way ( i hope things have gotten much better for you , by the way ) , ... t . b . d . a thank you for taking the time to do so . 1 . ) fantastic . 2 . ) thank you . 3 . ) thank god . 4 . ) that's a relief . 5 . ) true , but he is ... at least to me , haha . x97wow . a lot of what you typed ... âx80x94when you actually manage to verbalize something extremely profound but then accidentally run into a wall . kikyo no worries ; we posted at nearly instantaneous times , anyway . oh , god ... i feel so sorry for your poor eyes , but thank you for reading this post in all of its , for lack of a better word , ... i'm asexual . it's amazing because i'm never horny , but y'know , sometimes i wonder what wanting to be intimate / intimacy that immense feels like . tresemme ah , that's fine ! yes , you're pretty much on the right track with his straightforwardness and obliviousness . haha , that's true , and you have a point , but i'm more or less afraid of ruining ... i tend to sleep either on my stomach or in the fetal position . sleeping on my back is comfortable , but i've found that i undergo sleep paralysis whenever i attempt that . jeremusic 2 i'd hope so , but fair enough . : tongue : hopefully , i don't end up disappointing you in that regard . edit : i completely misread this . i promise i'm not a troll ... just a teenager with ... kikyo it's already up . ( ◠ ‿ ◠ ✿ ) worldzmine a lot of it is spaced out , and i managed to shorten it a bit , but in the end , it's your choice . thank you for the luck and sticking around , regardless ! * * * note : i thought that the following would be important to share . please read this before reading anything else : i donx 92t have the best memory , so a lot of stuff has probably been left out due ... worldzmine oh , it wasn't my intention to demean myself ; it was more or less me attempting to come up with a witty title ( and i quote , interesting and descriptive titles usually yield more and ... mmkay , i have everything typed up and ready to go , buuut my computer is refusing to cooperate with me , so ... alas , my story of teenage woe will be postponed until sometime tomorrow . i'll try to make ... i'm halfway finished with my high school sophomore year ( yes , i'm still in high school ... yes , it's awful . ) . i'm in full ib , and with the exception of math ( curse you , pre-cal ) , i get as in ... x97he was a skater boy . she said , see ya later , boy . my apologies for all of the mentions , by the way . clymesounds good , either way ! thank you so much for both the invitation and welcome ! ocean eyes ninjaws thank you kindly . ( ◠ △ ◠ ✿ ) jakenpoi hello there . i am ... a less-than-ultimate infj . how ... ahhh , how exciting ! that song is wonderful ( all of their songs are wonderful , actually ... but i'm pretty biased ) , and it's good to hear that you liked it ! hopefully , you'll like some of their other ... right now , i am binge listening to brand new . anyone ever heard of / listen to them ? empty thank you , regardless . i appreciate it very much ... and alright , i'll do my best . lonewaer ah , don't worry . i'm not planning on centering something so monstrous ... besides , i'm not a fan of ... either entp or enfp . i'm fairly new to this website , so i'm not sure if this has been discussed before , but i'm curious as to what you guys think . do you believe in the concept of fate ? free will ? a combination of ... while tests could pose as a decent guideline , they should not be the primary determinant of your type ... divert your focus from such tests and over-simplified dichotomies to function theory . as ... i definitely identify with the ni subtype ( idealist ) more , but that may just be due to my looping . x97hmm , i'll have to look into this more ... props to the op for this wonderful find ! thanks ... ohhh , and i'm gonna tag einyoddy in here , as well ... i received your message , but alas , i don't meet the 15 posts requirement that enables me to send private messages ; i just thought i'd let you know ! ahhh , sorry , that , but ... i'm gonna talk about it . really . i'm so sorry . thank you for your time , elliottc and t . b . d . a ! i'll probably have the giant wall of text fully typed out by either ... ... oh my god . hey , so , i deeply apologize if this is the 1000th or so thread you've seen that revolves around xxx type + xxx type relationship / crush advice , but well ... here i am . before i start typing out ... annietwinkle hey , welcome to the site ! ( ◠ ‿ ◠ ✿ ) glory that was actually better than just hello . glory the reference ... it's flying over my head . okay , wellx 97 hi , guys ! my name is izzy . i'm an infj who has been acquainted with mbti for a little over a year now ( exciting , i know ) , and well ... i signed up with the hopes of continuing to pursue ... '