' i hate being my own worst enemy . i don't know what to say . i find it too difficult , thankless and unrealistic to protect everything . what i do is help if i am able to or if it is within limits . i try to do as much good as i am able ... i'm cuckoo for cocoa puffs ! infj : systems malfunctioning . sensory overload . i'm a taurus so don't give me any bull . oh calculus , i hate you , but it is my destiny ... i ’ ll fight ' till from my bones my flesh be hacked . why am i so lazy ? ? ? > . < to protect and serve ... is it all there is ? are you going to devour me like a wolf ? lol to get off my ass . the angel has fallen from heaven , but shall not dance with the devil . trapped between both worlds but wanted by neither , he struggles against the powers which bind him . i fear that a durable , lasting , fulfilling romance maybe out of reach for me . but even so , i grit and bear it . i'm just a muggle studies professor at hogwarts : school of witchcraft and wizardry . when you spend too much time thinking and daydreaming instead of doing what you're supposed to . my , my ... why do infjs have such interesting eyes ? no , no , no , not this again . that's not my job . i can't and i don't know how to help you . i've got nothing good to say right now ( definitely not good to read ) . what the hell ? who the f is so spiteful as to prevent me from going to going to my f'ing friend's birthday party ? really ? f ! what ... hi ! to answer one of your inquiries , the reason why i don't like to talk about people's problems is because i find myself easily overwhelmed . i do want to help , and for some things i will , if i am ... hmm ... but i want to get to know people . i just don't like hearing about people's problems . apparently , i sometimes play the role of bad psychiatrist to people . i can talk to people / strangers , get a conversation started , and / or encourage a person to talk about themselves but when they ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AT6nImVHS3k title : issei no koe singer : shuhei kita lyrics : you're putting on that face again , biting your lips , and hiding your weakness . i see behind your eyes ... 55997 caspar david friedrich , the wanderer above the sea of fog ( 1818 ) i thank you for your sincere and helpful response . though it becomes difficult to shine what little light i have left , i understand your words . i loved the world , but the world didn't love me back . and why do we fall ? i feel like the last knight in the world , having been abandoned by it . * sigh * love and all its pitfalls ... true , i kind of wish that i could turn off my emotions at will , almost like a switch . dammit , there i go again . i would rather not feel any emotion because all they seem to do is build up inside until i can't take it anymore . i don't wanna be alone . being alone really f'ing sucks . why do i feel as if the injustice of the world is turned towards me , i who once believed in good ? am i a hypocrite ? sometimes i hope , but i just can't live on hope alone . man , the tough part of when you're an infj is that when you're feeling down , you really are down . damn it , i don't want to be empathetic all the time . i wish there was a switch for it that i could flick on or off . : tongue : lately , i've been so weary , like i'm worn out from everything . i'm just tired of all this . i'm so demoralized at college , my family and all these things i don't want in my life . i don't want things ... i'm not in the shit business but i still get deliveries , what's the deal ? sometimes i roar against the heavens and struggle against the chain that bind me . sometimes i look at the injustices of the world and it makes me so angry ... so very angry . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vdB-8eLEW8g yes , i am somewhat honest in facing my flaws . to know one's flaws and weaknesses is to know what to improve on . it's like they always say , the first step to solving a problem is to acknowledge that ... this is why i don't want to come home . i'm supposed to relax and recuperate here , not listen to more bullsh ! t ! looks like i'm going for a walk . shit , i should not have watched platoon ( 1986 ) . 0.0 while i have great capacity for love , damned if i don't get hurt easily . =( i wanna do everything , sensory overload ! honestly , i want to make money ; i don't know how to say it any other way . ideally , i would like to earn enough for myself and help others while i'm at it but we'll see . one does not simply post a photo ( without letting everyone see ) . 50577 analyze away i suppose ? thanks for being a safe place to air my grievances . had a sh * tty day , need to reach the checkpoint [ bed ] to recover . '