' http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=epRB03P1vvE cute enfp ? absolutely . the black swan : the impact of the highly improbable by nassim nicholas taleb the intellectual devotional by david s . kidder and noah d . oppenheim mind gym : an athlete's guide to inner excellence by ... what did i say that would suggest that the one having vengeance brought upon them is not a legitimate threat ? please note that i did not advocate seeking vengeance for trivial matters . because some actions can only be answered with a reply of force . if it leads to a vicious circle that is only because the avenger failed to either properly execute his plan or did not scale it to a ... are you kidding me ? that's just plain imbecilic . i was contemplating saying the same thing , but i decided to be nice today . damn , that's true for me . i didn't realize it was abnormal to do that . i guess i shouldn't be too surprised by now that things i do are considered strange by some . besides , it's cathartic . it wouldn't be the first time i've scared people away . i have a passionate hatred of exposing anything beyond shallow emotions ( generalized anger , etc . ) . nothing ever good seems to have come about when i have been open with my emotions . i'll keep them ... that makes sense . i'm glad to hear you have taken a reasonable approach to this . that is completely understandable . by the way , we've done a nice job of hijacking this thread . i already commented on this in your thread in the enfp forum , but i suspect it is more of an individual personality clash than a mbti type clash . sometimes it is just fun to be contrarian . i find debating , not arguing , to be intellectually stimulating . it works my critical thinking abilities . sometimes it's just fun to be purposefully ... sometimes the why behind thingsx 96x96the science behind themx 96x96makes them all the more beautiful . i find this very true for physics , astronomy , and quantum theory . the liver example . . . okay not that ... hmm , well i do have some tests i've been meaning to run . unfortunately texas is quite a distance from me , otherwise i'd be sure to take you up on your offer . : wink : and yes , it is true , at least ... can i get this as a flowchart or some sort of data plot ? just kidding . thanks for the info . your actions sound a fair bit like an isfx ( isfj ? ) girl that i know , especially the steering the ... what makes you say that ? i haven't heard much about xsfps and intjs . yes , i have already begun reading about xsfp and intj interactions . i'm sorry to hear that , though it doesn't surprise me . i can understand and appreciate your gesture there , though i think it wasn't the best approach in this case . from what i have heard from most ... i have somewhat of a reputation there , too , at least with people who know me well . the fact that i am involved in a variety of martial activities ( as mentioned earlier ) probably only lends to its ... you're just jealous . seriously though , i suspect most people here don't contemplate these acts with any level of seriousness . they're more just fun intellectual exercises , and are probably ... certain people consider me to be fun , much in the ways you described . my personality and humor doesn't work for all people , but i'm not greatly concerned about those people anyway . for short periods ... i have to admit that i find this highly amusing , as i can relate to it personally . from my experience , option b is the most likely . both a and c are possible , though it is hard for me to pass ... given your username and image , i find that absolutely shocking . rainface , i will second what freeekyyy said : don't play games . directness is the key . too much teasing or flirting is obnoxious . i , and probably many other intjs , am ( are ) at least ... i box and engage in various shooting sports . it helps keep the violent urges at bay . democrat ? not even close . freeekyyy got it right with the libertarian categorization . note that it is intentionally spelled lowercase ; i don't associate with the libertarian party . that is an excellent choice . this thread has left me pleasantly surprised . i suspected a much greater percentage of you nfs would be in favor of gun control . fascinating . : cool : randomness can be funny , though it very much depends on the person and context . i dislike it when i am talking to someone about something i consider important and he ( or she ) seems to make light of ... because unless i am joking around , i am serious in my discussions and do not appreciate the other person acting like an idiot . that is not to say i am coldly rational in all discussions , but i do ... i was overplaying the grandiosity card for my own amusement , though it was only somewhat overplayed . that said , i find your argument extremely annoying , and as i have already seen it from you in the ... as daimai noted , it's not a complex . why hello there , raskolnikov ; the female equivalent of him , anyway . it's more likely that they realize your logic is flawed and that spending time debating you is merely wasting time . if we were to use up all our time arguing in vain , how would we ever get around to ... i have read that elsewhere , though where exactly escapes me at the moment . it's been my observation , both of myself and other intjs , that we tend to be fiercely loyal to those we care about , perhaps ... i think it's an inane charade . however , it always seems necessary in order to develop a romantic relationship , which is a far more reasonable social arrangement . i love meshuggah . lux aeterna is very good , too , though i'm not sure how intj-ish it is . resurrection blvd - devildriver apparently i'm not allowed to post links . :d ry : '