' i am intp . from my observation , i think fjs and fps ( f's in general ) have a desire to affect or manipulate others ' feelings . i think infps just feel more guilty about it b / c they are hsp . ... hello entps , i am intp type 3w2 . i am wondering about this because i've found out that entps tend to have better careers than intps . i've known a few entps in real life . they all tend to ... kind & caring towards me has house in order ( has career , savings , knows how to get things & get things done ) very sexual but in a monogamous relationship estjs they're confident and know pretty much how to do everything in life by the time they're ~ 5 years old congrats monemi . you're the estp i follow most regularly on this forum in response to the original post , intjs often come across as arrogant and not concerned with hurting others . intps to an intj can appear as inefficient , wasteful , lazy because of p . having ... the dc tips i got : use modern technology for bill management . use modern technology to greatly simplify cooking . cooking is done in less than 30 minutes . i assume the rice cooker ... i get you totally . i'm intp type 3w2 . i feel like i've learned a lot about life . i've been away from opportunity since 1 year and will have to catch up like you . like i said i ... in my experience , this is not a good combination . i am male intp . all my friendships with male esfps have ended . my father was an esfp . he abandoned me for nearly 1 decade , stole ... i totally get you when you talked about the ' rat race ' and comparison . inxps tend to be pretty intelligent and clever people at least in some fields . when i compare myself to sj sibling or sj people ... hi , i am an intp . i am curious what infps have to say about this . what should you have done in your 20s ? what should you have done by start of your 30s ? ready to eat food for breakfast , eat cheaply and buy out for lunch , low preparation food for nights and cooking for weekends . what great ideas to keep these things easy and not overspend ... automatic bill paying - great idea for simplifying tasks . thanks for your encouraging words . i know we're not great at it . few other personality types would have such a thread . thanks for letting ... hi , as an intp , i am wondering what issues you all went through when you first started living alone ? here are the main ones that i am getting prepared for : 1 ) time for food . buy food . cook ... i've been in a few cultures . they're all pretty much the same in terms of encouraging extroversion . in the family , they want someone who will take care of others ' needs and not just one's own . in ... 1 ) love is a mutual cooperation between 2 + more people . it can make quality of life better ( friends passing time talking , family supporting each other , etc . ) or quantity of life better ( $ , ... i am literally continents away from where i want to be . i left my home country in asia by force . now i have citizenship of a small country in south america and can easily travel anywhere i want to ... monemi , choice , dannyell , gables , wh1zkey , itsme 45 , emmamadden , mf2014 , emilyrose , rosette thank you all for your responses . so much experience from you all . i knew this was the right forum to ask ... i like to create stylized art - simple technique with different goals ( color , depth , emotion , etc . ) that i can use over a large subject area . i prefer more to present different things and many types ... i think i am the only intp in this country i have ever met . i think i might also be the only n in the country also mostly programming because that's what i do other interests i study myself : - design of graphics ( for various things - sites , games , charts , etc . ) - business models / strategies - economics ( like ... typically range and magic . however i do a lot of melee in runescape because the game is very much imbalanced towards it . in tank games , i prefer more defended to get longer time to hit . make an invention to make lots of money and move out . 4 pages to discuss such a question . this is pretty much true . i want power to be independent and live how i want . i stay away from radical extremes ( conservative or liberal ) . i just want to work and live my life . i keep expenditures ... first take this information as a suggestion and not instruction . i am intp . however i do have information about your field and advice about your situation . there is a field called ... @ - halo - the communist was from a third world country . maybe there are cultural differences - you don't really need to sacrifice your life in the us for politics . but i guess you find the ... i knew 2 entjs in my life . one was a feminist atheist environmentalist and very vocal about her views . everyone around her knew what she did not approve of . the other was a communist and ... in a new country . trouble trusting and reading people . morality is not the same as in home . i've found less than 2 handfuls of people i like and trust somewhat . most of them i don't need or have ... very judgmental and controlling not all . but they tend towards these characteristics this is basically true for recording information . i make mind map type of diagrams ( circles and connecting lines ) to manage complex projects and tasks and to learn about things i'm not certain about ... i would be calm . age group makes a big difference . there are a handful of people i could understand of a younger age group . i would probably like some and not so much others . i would try to have the ... gifted program should be about 1 ) giving opportunities for high achieving students to learn and work in selected fields ; 2 ) by helping such students , all of society benefits . if a gifted program ... in the form of lyrics for a song or if it's epic ancient greek or about the mongols . sometimes also if i can get new emotional understanding on some subject . otherwise a poem compared to a ... couldn't say it better . there's two problems . one is understanding and other is interest . for understanding , you have several options . buy the answer book if it exists ( for sociology ); study ... i myself haven't heard of any such cases it is not good for political freedom to ban criticism of a politician . i don't think that any government should order a ban . i don't think that facebook ... if you're not very social and you condemn yourself , that is bad . stop it . just accept yourself as you are . the pain does not stop until you stop condemning yourself . if you're not very social , ... can you tell a definition of street smart ? what does a street smart person know ? what does he do often ? what is more easy for him ? i ask the istjs because they seem to pickup and understand ... ézeitgeist 1 . party major - like psychology . people study it so they can study something light while partying 2 . this makes sense especially 1 & 2 . i think there are a number of people who we might be really compatible with since we are born ( if you assume either a natural curve or a descending curve , there have to be some who are most ... i chose to start working rather than go for master's . i would have had higher starting salary and been able to teach if i had a master's . i chose to get citizenship in a better country than to go ... yes . pretty much . it works like this . we all do memorising and replicating steps . we use some of that knowledge and experience at work . the rest of our success is up to ( 4 ) our management ... you come home and relax with tv / books / chat / forum or just lay down . i did not know you all were so humble . congratz . well earned . always like to read your posts for your xnfp perspective keep posting it's good to be social or validate other's feelings . but isn't dating someone without interest in them a bit severe ? this is an xntp issue . i used to trust everyone and believe that since i had a good , well meaning nature , others would respond in a similar way . but about 13 years of experience undid that ... path that was not the point to make . i meant living in a structured house with rules and order lends to respect . this can be done without or with violence . having experienced such an ... in my experience , the entjs that come from a more conservative background are more considerate of family and others . the entjs that have grown up in full freedom since they were a child have a ... this is so true . it seems like no matter what solution or system or society you setup , there's always criticism . you can't not do something because of criticism - there's always criticism . it's ... if we can setup a set of space stations orbiting around the solar system , that can serve as infrastructure for storage , food , water , oxygen , medical supplies , etc . for example , suppose a mission ... '