' velcome ! my husband is intj . we get along very well but we struggle to keep our relationship interesting . i'm confident , outgoing , spontaneous , captivating , honest , and of course - good looking . http://sphotos.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-prn1/554287_3211073882430_1433745124_32380231_132037255_n.jpg no , she is a cyborg . lol at i'm sorry but i'm still right . * stomps feet * i'm not sorry , obviously , because replies just keep this thread at the top . if i was certain that there was no way to save all of them i would sacrifice the one person . if this decision was in my hands , i would be responsible for death one way or another . i'd rather only be ... good god . do you have some kind of chick hard on for me ? i skimmed what you said . firstly , i never said that i wouldn't look into learning about mbti . you are assuming ... again . i have twin two year ... because we are doubly attractive . one thread cannot handle all of this entj sexiness . lol thanks ! :D :D :D hmmm ... i guess i would like to be more internally motivated . if i set goals for myself that nobody will see the outcome of , i don't care as much as goals i set that can be shown off . does that ... i'm definitely a fan . that's how i roll . lol ! of course , thank you . how entj of you . get back on task ! :D that's all i needed to see . :) i think that questioning what i am at all is ... we will call it silly . haha i could imagine that some people could get some sort of satisfaction about pretending to be a certain type . you know , ... being entj doesn't mean that you need to be immature . i have no issues admitting when i do not know something . i don't care what type you are , if you can't admit when you don't know something , you're ... i haven't studied it . i have taken more than one test and i have gotten the same results . i am a cold bitch and i am most happy when i am productive and social . i don't understand why you would be so ... oh my god your mom sounds fucking fantastic . ahahaha i don't even know what that means . hahaha you mad , bro ? lmao . you obviously don't know how to judge if you think that everyone fits into what you believe to be so . i'm definitely entj . i look pretty and sweet but i also rock out to metal . lmao looks can be deceiving . entj fits me perfectly and entj males are extremely easy to get along with . it's the few other ... i definitely agree with your first statement . lol like everything is a competition , always . don't get me wrong , i love a good competition and i am very competitive but damn . nope . i have dominantly male traits so it may have something to do with that . i'm certain that i'm entj . maybe it is the very few entj females i have encountered but they are annoying . lol heels clothes gadgets sports / luxury cars nice furniture ( lol ) make up ! no . if it became legal i could see myself smoking on a very very rare occasion . i think it is terribly immature and irresponsible to smoke with the way things are now . 1 . i think pretty highly of myself but i try not to cross the line into arrogance . 2 . i am proud to be a mother and i know i'm doing a fantastic job . 3 . i enjoy the things that make me different . i ... yes , i've just been ignoring them . ohhh . thanks . that's pretty lame . lol right now i am completing the dark brotherhood forever quests but i have a glitch . one of the assignments is to speak with the contact in riften who asks you to kill a grave robber in windhelm ... i feel but i think i feel much less than others . it is difficult for me to feel any strong emotions . you had me at metal and baroque . lol why do you have a harem ? lol * * confusion * * eh , i'm almost always a cold-hearted asshole . lol ten people here are more intelligent than stephen hawking ... yeah , right . lol nice ! good job . i'm a jack of all trades - master of ( almost ) none when it comes to musical ability . i can play many instruments in a basic manner . violin was my main but i quit . i have been classically trained in ... i disagree . i would rock the hunger games . i suck at sucking . specifically , fillatio . i can't fucking stand taylor swift . she is too damn old to be singing about such juvenile things . i don't care if she needs to relate to her fan base . those little girls shouldn't be taught to be ... what do you listen to , then ? i think that every type of person is important . as much as i'd like for people to be more like myself at times i know that people are the way they are to maintain some sort of balance . banned for designating banning time . haha entj . we are always the best at everything we put our minds to . banned for banning me for banning you for playing the game . banned for banning ! banned for an obnoxious siggy . banned for seeming butthurt . maybe if your happiness is so tangible , your other emotions are as well . banned for judging something as silly in a silly thread . go ahead , ban me for irrefutable logic . :) '