' my all-time favorite that i feel really describes me is the catfish song by townes van zandt . i have mentioned this song before , on this forum , but i'd like to mention it again . the last time i ... blood meridian by cormac mccarthy . i really want to see that turned into a movie . the movie doesn't have to be exactly like the book ( the nature of the book itself won't allow it , the prose is ... as your resident chinaman i feel compelled to explain clearly the difference between yum cha and dim sum . ok firstly dim sum is just one of the types of dishes that are served at a yum cha ... current stream of consciousness : i am finding it very hard to type using an iphone ... this is so fun but anti social ! i'm on perc while having a midnight burger with a friend . he's on his iphone as well ... what's the point of hanging out in person anymore ? ! how many of you got the iphone perc app for your iphone if you have one ? it's so fun ! now i am truly a forum junky ! luftkopf here is a photograph of my guitar . she's a reissue of the 1962 fender jaguar ( ocean turquoise finish ) . i named her the peacemaker . i just got her back from a luthier today , sent her to be ... r . m . williams ? aussie ? i like that you get called a cowboy and your musical intelligence is 95 % lol . anyway , i work at an ad agency so the dress code is pretty loose but i like dressing up , ... hello ladies and gentlemen , in my capacity as a sit and home and do nothing but play guitar isfp ( ok i'm kidding , i have a day job but i would really rather do that ) , i am starting this thread for ... jace : damon albarn is walking sex . and i don't think he's ever made music that i don't like . my favorite albarn pieces are tender by blur , the whole of think thank , the whole of demon days ... 1 . ) post a song 2 . ) wait for the next poster to type the mbti type that song most accurately represents . 3 . ) post lyrics if it's possible . lyrics will help . i start with : the catfish song ... lol guys i took lsd and mushrooms together the first time i ever did either of them , and i don't think it changed anything about me . i just found it a really entertaining experience because the world ... why isn't anyone back on vent ? ? ? vent is functioning again ! ! ! fellow isfps , i made a phone call just now to a friend . when i got him on the line i said hey l i think i'm really losing my mind . i sat down just now to seriously evaluate the destiny of my ... i have been in a situation like yours , and i find that what most people do is they eventually feel so worn out , so exhausted by these thoughts and feelings that they just lock them in a room in the ... i make a lot of mistakes trying to express half-baked ideas but i can never get them fully baked because i lack the ingredients and can't be bothered to go grocery shopping . i make a lot of ... do you ever feel frustrated when you're trying to create a song , or a poem or a painting , or you're trying to decipher one but you can't really wrap your head aroudn it because in the process of ... gah ! i tried to do that mention thing but it didn't work ! miss tfy my sentiments precisely i think everyone is easily influenced by others . we are living in a grid of power relations that define our subjectivity . i am you and you are me so to speak ; power does not come from above , nor does ... i find it really ironic that i'm only a casual user of substances ( that i do not wish to mention aloud beacuse some people on perc know me in person ) but i know people who are heavy users and they ... hey man , i'm an isfp 4w3 and i have a problem with overeating , especially if i'm feeling down . i was quite depressed for a month a month ago and my weight just ballooned . when i got back to my ... metal is like * here * and ambient is like * * * here * so you've got morbid angel and brian eno side by side on your playlist ? :-P sorry i sound like an ... metal is like * here * and ambient is like * * * here * so you've got morbid angel and brian eno side by side on your playlist ? :-P sorry i sound like an ... i have blisters all the time even though i've already been playing for a year . i make sure my fingers stay blistered - that's how much i play . and that's how much all guitarists should play i guess . ... yeah we're all guilty of the classic crime of telling it all to a girl and freaking her out by doing so the dancing dragon avatar speaks loads what are fried cottage cheese dumplings ? ? that sounds so wrong , yet so right .. thats a really nice drawing . sigh anime those were the days when i had time to watch lots of nice cartoons and read comics . i've spent most of the night alternating between perc and my music homework ... high five man ! ! ! p . s . go get stoned first then go to subway * facepalm * hey something odd just happened . when you typed @ pop crimes , i got a notification saying that i have a new mention and there's actually a mention tab in my profile page . i think that's new ... yeah hmm btw , i just discovered i'm an isfp . is it possible for an n to become an s over the period of a year ? miss tfy , i need to thank your part of the world for producing the gorillaz ! ! ! the gorillaz are simply the greatest band ever , and they've written a song that i think expresses your situation ... hey jerseydevil , are you stoned ? same here . well , i wouldn't say they'll freak out but they'll just ... not really be friends with me . one of the things i wanted to ask around here is if you guys really feel like you can be ... an infj girlfriend ( i just have a thing for infj girls ) ! ! ! <3 <3 <3 cute infj girl : youtube - extraverted feeling ( described by an infj ) if an infj girl like her wrote me a poem , kissed me ... pork porridge – ipoh chee chap chook | cumi & ciki : monkey adventures , travel and food ! here's a link to a blog that tells you everything you need to know about that dish . btw , when i say ... @ krou : haha i suspected i wasn't really digging into real greek food . just random mediterranean stuff . greece gave us nikos kazantzakis but that's not food :-( hi musique i just about love everything you hate . in chinese culture we eat every part of the animal . pigs tail , ears , kidney even blood gets cooked in the form of porridge . we call it , in ... homg greek food ! ! ! tabouli ! ! ! homous ! ! ! ok lol seriously the closest i've ever come to eating authentic greek food is all night greek diners usually frequented by intoxicated loopies fresh out ... i second that ! and i also second everything that's already been mentioned . now this will probably tick off some people but i dislike it those who judge narcotics and the people who use them in ... a layabout . but a very high-class one . i'm serious . :-P she's striding through my life , singing these anger blues - anger blues by the gun club youtube - the gun club - anger blues it was a nagging suspicion all along . i hadn't done the mbti test for a few months but i suspected i'd morphed from an infp into an isfp . i just did the mbti again and found out i'm an isfp . so ... i concur . a + cos i expected something serious . almost died laughing instead this is a classic infp conversation ? we're both apologizing to each other after only 2 exchanges ? personality cafe is care bear land <3 <3 anyway , i'm out of anything serious or substantial to ... i expect a discourse on the meaning of piping hot chocolate and saltine crackers . by the way , my name is pop crimes . i just want to say that i love your answer . what do my fellow infps like to eat ? i love cereal , muesli , milk , fruit juices , steaks , crispy chicken flavored rubbish , chocolate , mum's cooking , south indian curries ... dosai rava ! ! ! hmm yeah i don't buy that quote either . it's just something that popped into my head , when i thought of what an addict might say . i'm not an addict . if there are any addicts reading this thinking ... i'm 22 . i can see myself in niki's position by the time i hit 28 too . however , i plan to be a rock star or at least a cult-status musician by the age of 35 , so i know the shitty 20s will be over some ... '