' i admire your cleverness in trying to beat the system by tricking your mind into negativity in order to produce the opposite . :) but , as you probably already know , you and i aren't built for that ... jared a . , have you read getting things done by david allen ? i find it's a nice system to get things done in a practical way that doesn't get too terribly caught up in mission statements and such . ... you not only calmed my fears but made me laugh with your handy scales . :D there is a truth that i feel on the inside that is set in my inner being like steel . and then there is truth that sometimes validates my truth and sometimes shows me to be a liar . hmmm ... probably belle . she very sweet . but i think she's romantically set forever after . thirdarcade , i am sorry to hear of your heart struggle in this . i think if i understand your story , you are right that you can't really step backwards into the friends role with any comfort at ... i believe that's the first time i've ever seen the words exercise , mushrooms , and marij * * na in the same sentence . lol ! please be ever so careful though , my friend . you are such an eloquent ... - the feeling that i've offended someone . - the feeling that i've hurt someone innocent . - judging . - empty run-down buildings that were former places of business . - passion for a goal without ... hi cable . it's interesting to me that you thought that most infps would be touch and quality time , because when i read this thread , i assumed most would be touch and words of affirmation , which are ... my results were about 50 % accurate , and i think that's because i have a random-thought generator in my head that can produce random answers out of nowhere that aren't necessarily anchored to who i am ... what a beautiful web site and concept ! congrats ! why not ? the marines could always use infps . i'm guessing that if it's a mistake for you to be involved , you will know as you progress through the early stages of rotc . you don't have to sign your ... to elenar , the man with beautiful writing skills , nice taste in art , and knowledge of beings from other worlds : may your discovery of other like-minded people be only the beginning of your healing ... i need to place myself into a story that i have enjoyed , or a story that i've made up , and see myself moving in it . like i'll imagine i'm on deep space nine , and i'm fighting the dominion in slow ... i have a strong need to know that when it comes to being an infp , or any of the other categories that i fall into in life , that i am not alone . and really , that's what draws my into this forum . i ... i think of values and desires as being in the same category - - we reach for these things and ideas . emotions are the reaction to whether we get them or not . i value respect so if don't get it and i ... hmmm ... well , i'll take a stab at it , and i apologize if it isn't helpful . for me , emotions aren't , in and of themselves , motivators . to me emotions are reactions to what motivates us . i see you ... i need my sensing friends and family in my life . i need reality checks . sometimes i'm so far away riding a unicorn / zebra hybrid to the tune of knight rider that i need someone to bring me to ... when i took the myers-briggs test , i thought i got the wrong results , because i have always enjoyed performance . they called me a closet infp because , to others , i looked like a more gregarious ... wow . dog 8food , your post reads like poetry to me . i feel as if i could have written that at many times of my life . thanks for that transparency . i work so hard at avoiding pain . sometimes i ... for me , living is dreaming up wonderful life and pursuing those dreams with vigor . however , the harder i pursue , the more stressed i become , and the less connected i feel to those dreams . verus , first of all , i am very impressed that you are 13 and know your personality type well enough to articulate it . wow . let me also try to encourage you that although you will always have masks ... like orangesicle , i find myself being mostly my normal disposition in dreams , but very occasionally , like goldaline , i go into hero mode , with super powers and end up saving the world through my ... like , i'm not one who ever wanted to live alone . when the house is full of people , i enjoy listening sitting alone doing my work listening to them bustle around the house . i chose mine because its my line of work - - that and elenar was taken . dang ! breton i know your frustration , and i feel sad to think of you struggling . just to encourage you , although there isn't a quick fix , it is possible to learn to be friendly and pleasant to be around ... i have been bullied in my school years . i did try to fight back once , and it ended up that the bully walked away because i was crying so hard . i do think my disposition gave bullies courage to pick ... i see you've already been talked about yello but since you are there i'll take a shot myself . i feel have a beautiful sense of art . and not just one artistic discipline either - - you seem to ... i am an infp , but i don't know any other self-proclaimed infps personally , so this might not be totally accurate ... but here goes . i love what seems to me to be a powerful connection emotion without ... i do feel lonely regularly . but i also feel overstimulated regularly , so i need to be alone . it seems that if i could control with precision the amount of time i spent alone and with other people , ... since i'm not allowed to change anything , i would go back in time , hide somewhere , and watch my first kiss . but i'd hate for anyone to discover i was watching - - that would be really difficult to ... many thanks for the warmth my friend . it feels good in here . :) so sorry you had a bad day friend . i'm hugging you from afar . i'm hugging all of you in my mind ... cautiously ... wondering if you are all too good to be true . :) it is difficult being an infp . but i've met a lot of people , and i have yet to meet someone who i would consider completely normal . one of the advantages to being an infp is that you can see , ... reduce no problem at all . yes , i think you are right . in hind-sight , a lot of those would-be relationships would have been quite disastrous had they moved forward . hi ! i'm one of the producers for ' the x factor . ' we understand you would be a perfect replacement for simon cowell ! exactly . i know i am - - to the death . but i doubt that's the impression i give to the casual observer . icarusdreams i apologize as well to you . reduce . i apologize for offending . those stereotypes weren't my intent at all . i was trying to figure out why you came to the conclusion that we are natural doormats and that all women need to be ... dreamon , this is quite a fascinating post - - thanks for taking the time to articulate it . there is an inherent weakness with us infps that , i think , is a turnoff to potential mates and friends . not ... bless you for putting this into words . any ideas why these characteristics are somewhat boring to the world at large ? i really like your ideas about the balance of emotions . certainly , only accepting happy , fun , and peaceful emotions and rejecting the unpleasant ones - - that would make us one-dimensional . i do ... i'm driven to find happiness . if i haven't felt happy or pleasant for awhile , i will find myself , almost involuntarily looking for it . some thoughts ... i've always understood emotions , like ... i've guessed that to be true - - girls go into that relationship thinking i'll keep what i enjoy and change the rest . i have to admit that i've gone into relationships with that thought . but if i ... naruto's hinata - infp i always thought that all girls wanted a nice guy that would be romantic and treat her well . i had a ton of crushes over the years that all ended with the phrase you are like a brother to me .. :) ... when i'm feeling down i find myself getting obsessed with one thing or another . i believe i would really get into drinking - - big time . for that reason , i avoid it . i really doubt i could be ... i actually get very frightened that something i've said to someone will be taken as something hateful and mean . i do a lot of over-explaining myself to make sure i'm not accidentally offending ... hi peterbreter , thanks for your post . i think i understand your quest for happiness . and your conflicts with debt and career-versus-relationship struggle are familiar to me as well . i hope you ... '