' why not both ? it's more fun to be open to diffrent possibilities ! ;) i imagine infps as dreamy space prince , dyed hair ( natural color or not ) and oversized sweater . idk if i'm wrong but if anyone want to argue my stereotypes please go ahead : ' ' ) they're cute ! a bit awkward , but sensible and gentle .. their femininity is actually pretty attractive , you just want to hug them and never let go <3 hey guys ;) i often get asked to be quiet but yeah ... i really like boy names that start with a , so probably adam or alan . in girls , i really like names that are already an existing word like justice or hope , i guess it's a cultural thing :p depends in what , if it's something insignificant like who is going to print paper copies faster then i'll just think that the other person competing is an idiot . if it's something big like a sport ... i wasn't good in school at all lol i would always get distracted by other people and things , i prefered having fun with my friends rather than working and would always get grounded or get a bad ... i want a dognut but i'm already fat so i can't eat one :( i like the ones with pink topping and rainbow sprinkles .. yum . i've got 90 , infj , 3w2 . all the time . never happened to me lol well , maybe one time : crazy : i am either doing other things or i forget that your texted me because i like to keep my notifications clean and tidy and when i get one from ... what makes you very very sad ? i've known an enfj once . 1 ) he was one of the most beautiful people i known and still know . seriously . eye-candy . 2 ) he was really fun to be with , he's really like a big brother i felt really ... me like drawing , riding motocycle , shooting from gun , wrestling bears and vodka . i wonder ~ lol some people mature faster i guess .. i've been an extrovert when i was a little kido , i believe that my introversion is not permanent since i'm naturally an extrovert . basically i ... i have gotten confused for an extrovert before because of my ennegram , it's totally possible . even though it makes you confused as fuk yourself . 1 ) what are your goals / aspirations ? why ? i want to help and protect people i love . 2 ) out of all of the things you could accomplish , what is the one thing that if you did would make you think ... these girls that go and cry on tumblr about their mental illnesses and issues ... aren't infj supossed to have at least something in their brain ? also , hitler . even though i kind of feel bad for ... plz help , oh people ! you see i am an infj . but not a simple infj . an infj type 3 ! my infj side wants to work in psycology , calm and peace while also helping people . so forensic or criminal ... most of my family are fs , exept my dad and uncle . my mom is infp and my grandma is infj while my grandpa is enfp . uncle is estp and dad is istj though . idk if i want too much but 702353 and i also don'y know what's wrong with the lips but when i first saw the image i was like * ___ * - omg some are you thinking i'm an idiot ? and here we go , the most embarassing part of highschool that you actually will remember forever . as i am not the stupidest creature in this bulding i will just frame my thoughts that i can look back ... one of those stereotypical gay best friends . i can't keep secrets ... i try though , and if my sense of friendship and pride is strong enough i will keep it . i do lift . ice-cream from the freezer . i've eaten a bag of cheetos and snacked on dryied apples today .. no , i'm not starving myself , i just wasn'y hungry okay ? ? ? i'm probably going to end up pigging out in the middle of the ... why the fuck do my pediatrician does that ? ? ? fuck ! ! ! you know , when they look you in the eyes and say is everything okay ? and then you start to histerically cry saying that nothing is okay ? ... yeah but still ... iz scary . wat ... i call my black friends nigga and they're fine with it ... i guess cuz we make good eye contact and it may seem that we like you romantically , so you like us back ? idk , i believe that attraction , care and love is reflective among humans and as we , infjs ... sometimes i wonder if i am an extremely stupid human and everyone around me had never ever told the truth about anything and they are just very good acctors and that's how the world is set up so ... well it's just that logic and feeling are always contradicting themselves for me , and it's hard to figure out when i will be nice or spice , i guess ? i read about angy enfps , haven't read the other one , i'll check it out . even when they are angry they are facinating lol si ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mPRy1B4t5YA&list=RDhDIgwdHJXu8&index=3 isn't it the most cute and adorable song / music video ever ? like , have you ever seen enfps ? they are like big dogs full of love that will never break your trust and that will love you until oceans disapear , the sky turns red and chickens learn how to fly ... my closest friend is an infp , ad that's it cuz i just don't realise why you have so much close friends tbh what happens if you boil a banana ? how to become fiends with enfp ? get in their eyesight . i was a white knight . introverted though . from giving my lunch to the poor kid to getting in fights with boys because they were bulliying others . i used to get in trouble because of that though , my ... that infjs are unsocial creatures that never come out of their cave . i like doing new things and experiencing new people and places , it's just out of my comfort zone . that infjs are these ... i'm feeling like shit because i just ate frenchfries and yesterday before sleep i had bananas with nutella and i feel like a fat piece of shit and i'm so gross i need to go to the gym and clean my ... * morning light shining through the window creating geometrical paterns in the room . * the smell of night air mixed with tobacco smoke . <--- one of the strongest ones , can literally stop my panic ... i don't read books . books are for intellectuals . i want to be the ceregate mother for milo yiannopoulos and his future husband . normal hug : stranger hugs infj : infj stiffens and starts to panic internally while trying to understand to motifs of the stranger . friend hugs infj : infj hugs the friend back . best friend hugs ... * goes in with magical infj hug * '