' according to your questionnaire responses , your attachment-related anxiety score is 3.56 , on a scale ranging from 1 ( low anxiety ) to 7 ( high anxiety ) . yourattachment-related avoidance score is ... ah , i see . well i ’ ll let him sort it out on his own . i can ’ t have someone being emotionally dependent . thank you so much for all your help (: i really , really appreciate it ! ! probably an infp ? not too sure though . i definitely need someone who will help me have a healthy , emotional connection , and that's because i lack in the sentimental area . i actually wouldn't be able ... haha , you're not alone . i also dislike being around people who i'm not fond of . i become awfully quiet and people have mistaken me ( many times ) as an introvert . i can also become quiet at times , when ... i think he is conflicted , but it puts the other person ( me ) in a very conflicting situation . i don ’ t have that kind of time ( going back and forth with someone ) . it ’ s mentally and emotionally draining ... thatx 92s very interesting because i do sense that hex 92s confused but doesnx 92t exactly want to let go . i donx 92t exactly think he doesnx 92t trust me though . i feel that he does because recently when we spoke , ... if my assumptions about this guy are correct , then can you explain to me as to why an infp would lie about their feelings ? and i completely agree with you . it ’ s scary how compatible two people ... entj who has questions for all you infp ’ s reading this . i ’ m stuck in a situation with an infp ( for quite some time ) and i ’ m hoping you guys can help me clear some things up ! i ’ ve known this infp ... transcendence i find your posts on this matter totally spot on ! completely agree with everything that youx 92ve said ! speaking from experience . i'm 5 ' 2 which is pretty short but i'm totally fine with it , because it suits my personality :) to the ladies : would you guys date someone younger than you ? they copied the android format and completely failed in doing so . jimmy kimmel's mean tweets actually killsss me ! here's one of them : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gTix7FDHZcA haha , i was just pondering upon this the other day . i'm in the same boat as you are and i find myself to be awfully critical of others . i believe that's why i cannot spend time with them ? we love it when people challenge us , so that's a must . you should just apologize and if you don't want to seem vulnerable ( something i feel at times when apologizing ) make it really casual or formal . starting off with my apologies ... instead of ... i've been told countless of times that i don't look approachable , rather , reserved and distant from people . but when people get to know , i turn out to be the complete opposite from their initital ... if i get tired of waiting , i'll start it ! i love entj's for their honesty . absolutely love it . my question to you is would you really want to worship a human ? what is exactly so funny about praising a higher being who is not flawed ? is it not better to praise and thank a higher being who is ... i'll try to answer as many of your questions ! they definitely interest me (: first off i would like to say that i am not a christian but i'm going to answer your first question from a logical ... i agree with the first part of what you wrote but i don't understand what you are trying to say with the second half . correct me if i'm wrong but are you trying to say , religion is a significant ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qxMWc3fWrso http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eHoy86RYe7Y i'm not quite sure if you misinterpreted my connection with religion and culture because i wasn't trying to state that culture is the culprit . however , i do stand by my point that when comparing ... pretty opposite to mine , hah . i'm currently an undergraduate student but after i completely university i would love to attend teacher's college and become a teacher for kids in highschool (: name : blackisperfection . my favourite colour / shade . this quote goes really well with why i chose my name , black is modest and arrogant at the same time . black is lazy and easy-but mysterious . but ... 1 . thomas aquinas ( 100 % ) 2 . baruch ( later known as benedictus ) spinoza (8 3 % ) 3 . st . augustine ( 78 % ) 4 . friedrich wilhelm nietzsche ( 69 % ) 5 . stoics ( 69 % ) 6 . aristotle ( 65 % ) 7 . william of ockham ... the untethered soul-michael a . singer haven't gotten too deep into the book , but it's absolutely amazing ! dry , sarcastic and blunt . never fails to crack me up ! hm , i believe that it depends on the situation . for example , some people will test their lovers so they will put them on the edge to see if they are worthwhile . in that case , i would say the person ... to be honest with you , i don't trust often so when i do it takes a lot for me to have trusted the person . if they break my trust , i won't ever trust their words again . i find that having your trust ... yes , exactly ! it's such a natural response . it's like something inside turns off and i just simply don't care for the person . but for me nothing will make me feel the same about the person , even ... to me emotions are a really weak thing . so if someone hurts me , i won't show that their words or actions have effected me . rather , i'll distance myself from them and become extremely cold . but i will ... i would have to say that the clothes i wear define my personality in a sense . my dressing style is usually sleek from what people have told me . i like to look , neat , well kept , clean and have a ... i don't even know how to explain this ... is this a common entj thing ? has anyone ever felt this way and how do you guys deal with it ? do you guys have people constantly chasing after you ? i ... ah , that's interesting . okay well from my personal experience , i don't just blindly follow . i can see where the problem falls when individuals blindly follow religion . i find that quite weak to be ... your life colors are : yellow , violet , blue this will be interesting to read ! okay , blue was just not accurate at all , haha . shoulder to cry on would probably be the most awkwardest situation ... thank you for the insight ! i really appreciate it (: but something i'd like to ask is don't you feel that your rules can change , even though you do anything to hold onto them . okay so what i'm trying ... i definitely don't cherish the memories . too many emotions can get you stuck in the past and i absolutely hate having to deal with emotions , it just gets too messy . i try to see it as a lesson ... i study various religions in university and i find it a really interesting thing :) i also follow a certain faith and believe in a higher being . but why is it that many people feel that religion is ... your score : 40 0 - 32 = low ( most people with asperger syndrome or high-functioning autism score about 20 ) 33 - 52 = average ( most women score about 47 and most men score about 42 ) 53 - 63 is ... i agree with you benja ! i can't exactly explain why i find it strange but why do we carry out this holiday or tradition if it's a lie ? if i had children , i would buy them gifts and tell them ... major in cultural anthropology and double minor in religions and english literature ! i suggest you start anew , a fresh new start . do plan out what you want to do with your life though . maybe writing out what you want to achieve and gain in life may help . it usually does . a lot of ... 1 is the number for me ! haha personally , i don't think we have a lot of partners just because of our high expectations in people . yeah sure we may be interested in someone but if they can't keep up ... i love the interpretation , i'd have to say that you're spot on ! (: home , university , coffee shops . and i'm usually alone , enjoying my own company and space , hah ! this world of ours : this world can easily bring serenity to one ’ s mind when looked at from outer space . but let ’ s dive into this world and go beyond blue , green and white . let ’ s dive in to notice ... i'd rather keep my inner self to myself . but if i do get the urge , it usually comes out through writing , writing my thoughts away . '