' how do you handle ? they just don't get us . i think most people around me are s types - my peer , the two people above me at the office . they are all so hard-headed , have pre conceptions about how ... i went on one date with an enfp and i must confess i was a little repulsed by the idea . it was like i got exactly where everything he did to try to charm me came from . he was using my tricks lol . i ... just being friendly . actually when i have a crush for someone i become really shy around them . go figure :) i've read it in the past , but really appreciate you reminding me of it . it's time i read it again ! :) thanks ! thanks randombot . it felt good to see you got me . i also go through dark times that can take a year or two . it's so weird indeed , we have this whole other positive side that sometimes just ... i haven't read other posts but i need to vent and this seems like the right thread . i am feeling utterly lost although i just got my best paying job so far . my immediate family ( as in older parents , ... sure - totally understand and agree haha :) i will keep an eye of course . but now that i joined the same company they work with i realize everyone is just amazingly busy ... no time to really be ... so you guys were right ... we should take our intuition with a grain of salt . the two people i kind of pre-judged last week by email before meeting them were actually super great people and apparently ... you do need math to build something . but we mostly work in conjunction with engineers , who study structures for 5 years . in my country i . e . i am entitled to sign off on the structural engineering ... i understand exactly all the things you are talking about ( they are very real to me as well ! ) . good advice . but i have one question : the trusted advice from a non-intuitive ... do you really trust ... well yes , so here's the problem : because my intuition is so strong ( and often right ) , i form pre-judgement about people and things ... and then is becomes like a self-fulfilling prophecy ... i often go ... honestly i still have trouble understanding the below . fe is a mystery to me . i do connect easily with everyone , i express warmth often and i self-disclose a lot ( yes , mostly so people see i feel ... uh ... not all enfps are against politics . i see it as a way to change the world and love it , actually i regret not studying it . i am also ambitious and i understand there's a game to be played and ... from own experience : do not study architecture . it looks like you can dream and so on ... but the reality is that most likely you will be in a desk drawing building details 10 hours per day , at least ... i only had one short fling with an infj - probably the only infj male i ever met . in the beginning he was super into me , talking about the future and whatnot . we connected very well . usually i go for ... confession time ... often times people do or say things that hit directly my intuition ... and i get paranoid and overthink things . i . e . i am starting a new job and i didn't like a couple of ... i always been terrible at math , but i think it's also because the way teachers teach it , make it really boring . i can't relate to anything that doesn't seem useful in real life . i wish they applied ... thanks guys , i appreciate the responses . no - i am not changing my personality , that's against enfp values to not be authentic . but i do feel i can control a little better my emotions and ... i thought i wouldn't go there anymore ... intjs are my kryptonite . i am fascinated by them but it seems i get to the infamous enfp / intj death spiral . but here i am again . have a date end of next ... he just wrote me so i've calmed down on feeling like a silly s * * * . even if it ends up going nowhere , i can tell he enjoyed the connection as well and it was not my crazy mind making it up ;) wow , and ... i agree . but my question is not really about judgement ... more about how entps connect with that kind of thing ( sleeping together , etc , specially if too early ) . is it more on an emotional level ? do ... entp relationship question part 2 : would it turn off a 40ish yo entp male if the connection on a first date was so good that it ended up in bed ? if entps are nearly open minded as enfps , i don't see ... hi guys . enfp here . whenever i meet an entp , i kind of fall for them in one hour ( lol ! ) but it never ends up working out . it seems like an amazing match mentally , but there is something about this ... i've been there too ... but you can't let one person make you lose your hope in humanity , in love , in idealism . most of us go through several heart breaks in life but in the end the truth is they ... because when you do find someone who is right for you it will not end and you'd know it was all worth it . i've had times when i was feeling apathy to love and the world in general ... and yes it was after being hurt . i'd seek therapy to work the hurt out . after all , as you said yourself , you want to ... i feel the same with this guy i'm dating . he seemed so open in the beginning and now is kind of closing himself to me although we have great chemistry : rolleyes : when even though you know your passion / stubborness for things is f-ing you at work ... you still can't change and have it differently in a way that it will affect your morals and values . tlm , i am the same ... i hate questioning things to potential partners for the fear of smothering them ... i hate making people feel uncomfortable . and i feel stupid being this way . thanks for sharing , ... thank you intherockies ! this made total sense . the way you talk reminds me of him ;) and thanks in the name of all of us enfps ;) i am finding out i find the same about infjs - beautiful souls <3 ... for 4 weeks ( since we first met online ) he's been in touch several times a day . after we met , about 20 days ago , he kept being in touch all the time , and we had a few dates . after last weeks ' date , ... so the pulling away is common with infjs ? and it's specifically about recharging ? haaa ... but ... why , _observer_ ? why do you guys do it ? what are the real reasons ? and , what's the best way to deal with it ? not initiate texting etc when he's pulling away , and just let him be and ... i'm enfp and dating an infj for the first time . oh my . i feel it can be a wonderful match . he was always asking me if i liked him when i wasn't sure . this week i started to become more into him . he ... at the 3 month mark i started to feel weird that the relationship didn't evolve as in my past relationships ( most likely with feelers ) . he wouldn't talk about the future ( surprisingly he did when ... the weird thing is he really tries to be super social . i'd say he's more social than me ! maybe it's a i am not that nerd mechanism for him , i don't know . i do feel over-analyzed and let me tell ... not really ... if what you're asking is if he said he loved me or so . he did say personal things in the past but he also said he's not that comfortable sharing certain things . oh well . yay so happy an intj is answering thanks bluekitdon ! i was a little emotional about where we stood in the 3 month mark . when i saw he didn't respond well , i just swiped it under the rug . i did ... thanks chimeric . he would plan 3 dates a week on the first three months and be in touch a lot . the last month things changed , he was away 3 straight weekends and working a lot during the week ... i've been dating this intj guy for 4 months . we're around 40s . i like him a lot , but i can't help but feel like i'm at an emotional desert . it's so frustrating . i am feeling lonely and not ... thank you mindbomb , it was great to read your story and try to grasp the way an apparently mature intj thinks . ps : love keane and that album you have as your avatar ;) lol . you and i apparently live in different planets mentally-wise . i really , really don't identify with anything you say or your accusations , and couldn't care less about your ( false ) observations ... ps : oh just noticed your nickname is countryboy . we are both city people , metropolis people . i should be citygirl ! so no offense but i understand where your ideas might be coming from . 1 ) darling - who said we were trying to avoid it ? i was in a relationship a year ago and as i said i don't want to discuss it but we almost had a child . does that make me not entitled to be in ... thank you so much countryboy really liked the first part of your answer , extremely helpful . the second part i might have written incorrectly , as i decided not to bring it to term . i hope you are ... it did . thank you andy . i guess that's what my question is about really . if rational plans can be changed due to changed feelings about someone / something . yes indeed ... wth . we actually been talking about it since week 1 ... it's a sensitive topic between us , and i thought by now he would not stick around due to this issue but he is still here ... i actually got pregnant ... how can you possible relate to my entitlement if you're not a woman ? the day you turn to be a woman , we can talk about it . i don't agree with you . say what ? as long as there's younger females being born , meeting enough of them will mean he'll eventually find one that likes him as much as she does . i'm sorry for ... '