' i think you're assuming i didn't want honesty . it sucks sometimes , but yes , i do . it could be that i'm reading your tone wrong as being rude and exasperated - - if my post annoyed you , why bother to ... 565554 5655 30 565538  5655 46 spaghetti with meat sauce and garlic toast , especially if it's in a greasy spoon and the garlic bread is texas toast . i know that the conditions in nail salons are horrible , and yet i got fake french tips and keep going back for fills and fresh gel polish coats because it gives me a mild mood boost . i'm not sure if ... ugh . after three years , i'm at the point where my boyfriend and i might break up . he is an istj and is genuinely a great guy , but my chronic illness is getting worse and it seems like things are ... it seemed like things were going well with me and my istj boyfriend , but now things have reached a crossroad and i'm trying to address this in a way that would be fair to both of us . the short ... 441034 i bought a christmas bush at walmart . the tag just said it was a european tree , which sounds kind of vague . i'm washing off its glitter and hoping i don't accidentally kill it somehow ... the istj boyfriend on my tendency to annoy him in a variety of ways at once , while stroking my hair : it's like playing whack-a-mole , except instead of a mole , it's you bouncing up and cackling ... on whether or not he would go to see a movie that was really good despite having an embarrassing title : i'm not seeing a movie called ' schmoopie ' under any circumstances . me : what if it was a ... i just completed a horrified marathon read of this book : at the dark end of the street if you guys have spare time , please read this . as a woman of color , i have never been more aware of how much of ... cheap thrill sunday : i found this weird bird claw brooch that i am pretending is either haunted , or the scottish equivalent of a monkey's paw . thank you , god , for ebay . you guys , i know this seems ... lol , this explains why there's a significant portion of men that are off hunting bigfoot , aliens , what have you in forests and swamps . on my tendency to forget actual people's names who i have met only once or a few times , yet remember who was in the cast of some 80 ' s horror movie ( back when special effects took effort ): * sigh * you ... my dad is an intp , and hanging out with him is mellow , snide bliss for the most part . we peacefully coexist , like the same kind of music ( i got him interested in metal ) , movies , and books . the main ... 410810 4108 02 410778 enjoy this cookie : 410770 re : the snake : that's legit . my thinking is , she was born and raised in captivity as it is , though i guess you could say that letting her loose so that she could survive in nature somehow would serve ... # 1 , though i've been toughened up by growing up in a really snide family to some extent . also , i'm somewhat cluttered . honestly , this is just something that generally works with guys across the board : don't ignore him exactly , be nice , but pull back . do other stuff . pretend you're not annoyed , even if you are . he ... 409146 i like fairly low-maintenance , independent pets ; i've held snakes before , and watched them cruise around , so i guess a lot of it would mostly be watching her interact with the environment and ... ohhh . yeah , i'm not psyched about reproducing , even hypothetically . but i guess i'll keep dropping in and see if any sweeping romances go down . 409138 me too . i was thinking about what would be the best kind of environment to build for her , when i can afford to . the one i have my eye on is a female albino milk snake , pictured below : 408906 ... i suck all the cheese powder off of cheetos before chewing and eating them , because i'm disgusting . how many of you own snakes , and have created entertaining vivariums for them ? i wouldn't feel that bad about posting something shallow once in awhile . lipstick , and indeed makeup and fashion in general , is a valid form of self-expression , as long as it doesn't turn into some ... and awkward . so , if i'm already in a relationship , but would be cool with having a platonic netflix and beer / cider hangout with other infps , does that count , or is this strictly a mating thread ? i'm cool with it , though mostly since i aged . when i was younger , i wanted to be less emotional than i am and be more like agent scully , but i've finally had to accept that i'm not . that would be my worst nightmare . people in general are gross , dumb , and they hide things in crevices i don't want to be responsible for patting down . i enjoy watching cops on tv , but actually ... yep . this is usually if i think the other person is way too dangerous and / or crazy to warrant discussing with them what they did that pissed me off , and i'm hoping they take the hint and leave me the ... i didn't mean to imply that it always sucks , because sometimes people tell you interesting things and you may genuinely enjoy having a brief conversation with someone . but there are those people that ... if a friend disagrees with my values , i try to hear them out to see what their reasoning is . maybe they have that point of view because their life has turned out differently than mine , which is ... i've been thinking seriously about getting a milk snake for the past two months or so , specifically a female one that lives in a pet store in my city . nobody has bought her , and she's a beautiful ... you're not evil , but i have had to do this as part of my job in the past , and i can promise you , it kind of blows from the service person's perspective as well . i always felt like a giant phony , and ... why is the family unit falling apart all over the world ? arguably , this has always been the case ; people have always had trouble with other people , and things in families can get really intense ... the oxford comma , or semicolons 407730 yeeeaaahhh ! ! ! i just got a perfect score on my exam and am gloating like that kid in class that all the other kids hate . hopefully this doesn't result ... yeah , he knows about the cat , which i have had since 2007 or so , and he knows i want a snake . we're still negotiating . i got an a on a paper in my law and health care class , which was a miracle because i procrastinated until the last minute and guessed my way through after some frantic googling . my boyfriend : i'm ... 407306 pet peeves ? loud , abrasive people smug christians / highly religious people with persecution complexes nails like this : 407242 people who hover in public restrooms when people interrupt me ... idk , this is one of those things where i probably would have been kind of weirded out myself . however , like other posters have said , not all ns are like that . idk . from what i've known of your type ( i've known three or so intjs personally in my life ) , i would say you're better off without the drama of networking skills . what i've found helpful about ... 407178 the most recent one , somewhat , but he is also an istj german-american and hard to read in general unless you watch his expressions carefully . for awhile , i had a streak of manic depressive boyfriends ... :) i knew i could rely on someone to get the magical thinking ball rolling . thank you ! out of the 14 jobs to which i have applied today , i am most excited about the part-time budtender position . i know nothing about pot , but am psyched because i may not have to wear business casual ... '