' ' never argue with feminazis . they'll drag you down to their level and beat you with their womansplainin ' ' . - john von neuwomann you throw everything aside and notice only the word ' dick ' because ? ? ? i get it , it's because you're a woman . can't live without noticing the dick i suppose . is this whole sexism debate been a ... you and your obsession with gender is as pathetic as your age and your sense of composure . have some self-awareness - - that phrase you so love throwing around . let me summarize : ikusa : i don't like how entj women generally tailor themselves to quell judgment of the lowest common denominator of the society culminating in a personality that feels forced , and ... to put the final touches to the shitstorm's funeral , notice how neither ikusagami nor i nor anyone in this thread ever explicitly or implicitly said ' gender issues don't exist ' . when you ponder ... when are we having the hate orgy ? what will you say to each one of my posts if i weren't a male ? should i scream ' stop womansplaining me ! ' ? ? are you going to elope with her or something ? boldy boy a bad boy the most immediate thing to do for her is to intentionally botch the admission in the university downtown and get enrolled in some faraway university . she can apply to other universities using ... msbossypants duo are you two seriously going to end genuine inquiry with argumentum ad passiones ? by substituting a more emotionally charged comparison just so you can make a point that everyone ... the right function for the right situation . i thought i'd shed sufficient light on it . the problem with creating a ' genuine ' concept of masculinity and femininity is that it'll serve no purpose other than create a new definition of manliness ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-8xeStLTnhM then by your own logic my dear , you're an entj not an isfp . have fun figuring out that one . entj ( 100 % certain ) 1w9 sx / so ( 100 % certain ) graph : https://i.imgur.com/koMWqWw.png top 3 results : aggressive adventurous i'm an entj yet i write more artistically than all the isfps i know . even if you combine them all , they don't exceed my artistic creativity . i'm an isfp bottoms up probably ... if you're a type 1 , your mental state is best described by a clenched buttcheek at the time of pooping . if you can somehow relate to that , you're type 1 . when it's the only thing on my mind for weeks , that's when i know i'm overcommitted . if this is a te-se loop you're on after a bad relationship or something , i'd advise you to slow down . despite the attempts to enumerate only the ' universal ' and ' eternal ' aspects of the disjunction , it's still fairly easy to tell which entry feeds into which stereotype . after all , the particulars of ... in no order : crime and punishment - fyodor dostoevsky the castle - franz kafka the book of disquiet - fernando pessoa the rebel - albert camus philosophical investigations - ludwig ... it only appears that way , given our proclivity to criticize the people we like . you should read more entj descriptions , maybe . ayy lmao by mistake , mostly . worst addiction so far . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ck7FLuCa8lM who the hell listens to the same song for 4 hours ? me . yass im very sociopathy i make muh own path in society so yass im very sociopath let's change intelligent with intellectual . there , better . i still come across more gifted teenage males than otherwise . almost all the intelligent females i know are 24 + at the very least . suppose i need to wait . sangoire i apologize for my last post . i was out of line . it felt like an attack on my character when it was an attack on my possible character . i understand your point now . i will try to moderate ... but that trait is the only reason why you have a chance at not dying alone . the sauce goddammit ! it'd be great if you could have some of it too and give me the fucking sauce . i don't know man , most of the threads in intj forum are self-congratulatory or coy veneration . most of the threads in the entj forum are ... the same old , with some new ones complaining to the entire ... everyone does . others are just better at feigning indecisiveness . i call barnum effect on this lmao maybe if you pull your earphones out , stop acting like an isfp on drugs , and actually listen to what we say you'll notice the opposite . ... i'm very self-congratulatory , with my friends only . why ? only to piss them off so they all roast me while i try to roast them all in one go or deflect the attention in case i cannot . it's a good ... i go to the toilet every morning too , yet i'm not always thinking of the toilet . maybe i should think a lot about toilet . that's the only place i feel at home with my fellow pieces of shit .   ... but that doesn't give me a plan of action . what am i to do if not preach what i believe is right . your previous post tells me only that the way i operate is identical to the way the people i hate the ... i don't think at all of you . but that can change , if you give me the sauce of that gif . sangoire tell me what i should do instead , then . i'm not disciplined at all . well , if we're really being deontological , lechery isn't a virtue yet ... you have made it explicit right here that you're only looking for something casual with alessa . you dun goof'd . bad news for you , he wants a sane woman . i'm your only chance , take it . i might rape my roommate and then you'll never get a chance at what you want to do with me . google searching that gif gives me nothing . where's that from ? that's the same question as what did i replace my disillusionment with . answer : books . nihilism is everyone's first conclusion and i happen to be very good at arguing against it . when they see my ... the rebel - albert camus the less wrong sequences - eliezer yudkowsky poor charlie's almanack - charles munger apart from the almanack , none of the other two are explicitly self-help or ... the position of intps in this chart suddenly makes so much sense .. https://qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-5e65d4583c212f28c2a6c775ff34b51d-c sangoire i was planning to take this to pms but your latest post has given me enough impersonal stuff to formulate my answer publicly so i'll take a jab here . my attraction here is ... sangoire i'll reply to you in detail tomorrow , in dm . to the curious readers : no , sangoire misconstrued . but her advice is nonetheless valuable for anyone who does fit the bill .