' in a recent interview , tom explicitly says he's an extrovert . i'm pretty sure he's an f ... enfj maybe ? hi , i'm an infp and i have a friend who i recently found out is an enfj . he's going through a really hard time right now and i just want to be there for him so badly , but i don't know how . he's ... if the 16 personality types were pokemon , what would they each be ? what would their attacks be ? you can make up new pokemon and attacks if you'd like ! : crazy : wow ... reckful basically just said everything i meant to say but with more t and less f ... . _ . yep ... i'll be over here well , i wasn't sad before , but i guess i am now ... and i don't know ; i find that the cognitive functions don't coincide enough with my mb type for me to not use them separately from my type , as you ... i'm so confused xd yeah , i mean , maybe i'm just the oddball infp who isn't good with coming up with the right words to express myself :P yknow , low ti and all xp the ne is strong in this one this ! ! ! this this this this this ^ ^ ^ this is exactly what i'm talking about . i feel more at ease around ins because i feel like we take all the right stuff seriously . side note : i feel like maybe ... as in the computer type ... ? <3 that makes me pretty happy inside ... i always felt like i had to conform to what other people want in order for them to appreciate me . i didn't realize anyone that's not an introvert would ... ... i'm even more off base than usual this time aren't i ... - . - i should just stick to posting on threads , not starting them i feel like there's some special dynamic with this group of four types . i know the nts are supposed to be most alike , and the nfs most alike , but for some reason the group dynamic of the ins ... well what i mean is ... stereotypically , you would probably have your whole picking from the crowd ; you'd know how to strike up a conversation more easily and , hey , if you're good looking enough , ... i've honestly never met an infp male in real life yet . when i do ... oh dear . the sky will turn red xd i think , though , if i did meet an infp male it would first off be hard to tell , but once we ... out of curiousity , what makes you least attracted to your own type ? wait , what makes you like infps ? most : intp , infp , enfp least : estj , esfj , exxx ( aside from enfp ) cbbf : 3 welcome , says another whovian and sherlockian ! the stuff i see late at night , when my blood sugar is low and my fi is at insane and not-safe levels , is the stuff i always regret seeing because i can never get the way i felt when i saw it out of ... how are we good at that ? i am definitely feeling the my fi is slowly driving me absolutely insane aspect , haha . okay you win xd intps come up with the master plans , the blueprints if you will , that start businesses off . intjs practicalities those plans and make the whole thing function ... infjs help people in a psychologist ... my educated guess is the tom hiddleston is an extroverted infp . what i mean by that is that his temperament is infp , but , possibly due to acting , he has learned to be quite expressive , thus ... the enfp personality makes me laugh . or at least , one particular enfp does . they're like us but ... drunk ? and he / they rant a lot longer . i don't know . it may may just be the specific person , but ... i agree . i also would like to clarify : when i talked about my mom saying i have autistic tendencies instead of recognizing the difference between us , i didn't mean to imply that i mind being labelled ... you don't raise a man ... you raise a child , and then they become a man . you're right ... i hadn't seen that op had posted that how does ne play into having the windows open at night ? i'm primarily an infp ( leaning toward inxp ) and i love having the windows open , especially when it's raining . it's just so soothing . my sympathies to the op . they've expressed multiple times that they didn't mean to instigate any hate towards us infps , and yet people are still replying with what a stupid post ! op is a [ male ... i think that's the best definition of a ' loser ' i've ever heard . hey , you rock , dude . my mom thinks i might have autistic tendencies and i'm only an infp ! ( well , i'm almost an inxp i guess . ) i'm compelled to think that she's just saying that as a means of ... for me , when i argue with my friend , it's because i feel that she's done something unfair to me that irritates me or makes me sad , and i start off on the self-righteous speech about what she's done ... yeah ... i think that's one of the scarier things about life ; not knowing how you're going to be as a parent , and just hoping you'll do better than was done to you . wow , maybe all parents are like this ? i always thought my mom failed to be reasonable and understand me and my dad failed to take me seriously and quit thinking he knows everything about me because ... maybe you can't outwit her , but at least she's probably reasonable and doesn't make you do stuff just because she feels like you should do it ... wow , thank you for the explanation , that was really clear and simple . the only thing is , i feel very strongly about fi , ti , ni and ( i think ) se primarily ... weird . agreed . my mom is an estj . i basically hide in my room all day , lol . oh my goodness you don't even know . i feel so bad when it happens , and it never proves that people actually like me , just that i know how to flirt ( which in reality i don't ) . no , i was really just curious . it made me feel so alone and different from others , that my friend and i couldn't put up with talking during a movie , so i thought maybe there might be some correlation ... so if infp means your cognitive preference order is fi ne si te , where do ti , ni , se and fe fit into that ? are those four supposed to be the last four cognitive types you typically use ? that's so cool ! ! what do you do as part of the movies industry ? haaa very punny . i didn't find the are you depressed one but i found an are you chemically unbalanced one and i quote : any category with up to 5 true statements is considered a minor deficiency . any category ... hahahahaha i can only picture this . i would try it out but i'm almost scared to : laughing : it totally counts ; you were focused on the movie , not distracted by chatting with your friends . as for your infj friend ; maybe it isn't limited to mbti types . i guess only time will tell :P so before i discovered the mbti types and such , i decided a way of telling whether people who thought the same as me would be to sit them down in a movie at home , and the ones who talked through the ... i thought i was just lazy ! ! ! '