' intps are fun an open intellectually , almost to the point of sluttyness . they flirt with all kinds of i deas an possibilities . i can talk with them all day . they catch my mistakes or borderline ... animals yes . inanimate no . self aware robots . _ . _ possibly no , im a harmonizer , caring person but i redirect my feelings toward things within the area of my control an go from there . i also purposefully an egoist to counter my tendencies an have balance . what do you think about people who are obnoxiously funny an on point ? esfp seem like they would rock my world what do you think of guy / girl competition for your attention ? what would catch an entj ` s attention , romantically ? why do i fall in love with douche bags ? oh cause they make me laugh . i wonder if people who consider themselves infj do this as well ? dj started doing porn but because he did not like to shave his ass , they stopped giving him films to do . now he wanders aimlessly creating mbti videos on youtube that will probably get striked down ... : wink :: wink :: wink :: wink :: wink :: wink :: wink :: wink :: wink :: wink :: wink :: wink :: wink :: wink :: wink :: wink : i agree about the harmony part , when the heat is on . you sound very much like the te im talking about . i deconstruct their te than slap them with a label afterward , when i feel keen an had my ... non judgemental , accepting , kind , caring but ruthless if you cross me pretty certain id selfishly crush someone for my family , an to hell with harmony . i work along side the person who got the raw deal . everyday an smile at them , so they know where thier feelings rank ... reading through the thread , he is just repeating the same shit regardless of good points people are mentioning . like he has been brainwashed or did it himself . its a fair assessment , after reading ... sware that heard this from someone else . it is a stupid idea . generally i love animals but i m going to have to go with dogs or manx cat . we are very much the same in our pleasures . food shelter family sex . i can take my dog hiking , fishing . exploring . ... i laughed my ass off about the enfp warning label . my agenda is harmony : exterminate : you nailed it . i was hung up on it because i do look at the past . i believe past indicative of future or at least is wealth of information for making choices . you are correct though , i am not as ... i dont get worked up but that is interesting . i dont think my se is that strong . im definitely going to have to make more esfp friends to help me with this i have issues settling down unless i ... so i have been unable to select a mbti that fits me for a while , because i feel like my personality changes much that i stopped taking notice an just started browsing the forum ... did god create the universe ? is there a purpose for everything ? like some person managing the inter workings on the ebb an flow of everything ? no ! ! why ask such a stupid question . it is what it is , ... nope when your children put themselves on constant patrol for what you will say . children are 12 to 15 . poor kids sup personality cafe ! thank you guys for reading this thread . i will try an get to the meaty parts an throw in some crucial details , to let you discern for yourself if it were the proper steps for a ... im not an intj but i have been there an it has hurt . i choose people who wont cause me to lose my anchor . it makes it easier to move on : kitteh : they go full on stupid when losing . they cut thier nose off to spite thier face i suspect infps tend to be chubby chasers . terrier looks serious . cute mice yea you cant have discussions but they ease lonliness an help you meet people . i hope you find something that opens more avenues for you infp would seem reluctant to go out much while the entj probably have lots of friends . she or he would be shy around them but later become the perfect parrot an take on the values of her lover ... wondered what kind of pets you guys had or really desired ? post or tell . ( feel like i left myself open ) sheep . _ .. baaahh ! he was calculated charming , the world changed in a way where you could not trust an had to work together . evil ? yet rational ? thoughts ? it sounds dumb but dogs are great companions who give lots . i used to feel lonely but my dog has really helped me through the worst . you cant go wrong with 4 legged friend when i think of the type of person to kill a king , infj comes to mind i believe that music should convey happy to sad an everything outside an inbetween an with simplicity to great depth . i feel different day to day an im not always happy an im not always sad . when i ... when i feel like something is wrong , i like cutting straight to the point . its not that have any desire to be a bad ass or anything but i really find when drama drags on , to be very taxing . rather ... thank you for sharing . i believe now that i have one , im probably gonna need a california king size bed . lol . thank you so much for sharing . i dont think you would have bored me with your stories i have been thinking about , how i would love a pet that likes to snuggle an is pretty much a couch potato but i dont want something small . i want something huge to wrap my arms around , an i found of ... i dont think im annoying , if you do , well than , that is your problem . im not here to accommodate you so this is me ... i ` m a solitary guy , i enjoy being alone an gaming , reading an cooking . an there is a part of me , when i see something is wrong with someone else , i have a deep desire to help out ... a ruler and penis length . sometimes girth but that is for men . i mainly work with men . sorry , only , i only work with men . so i have this coworker , she is kinda new and there were a few things , i gathered about this person on initial introduction from the moment i met her that something was not right . over the course of ... feel free to post it here and i will give you your reading : kitteh : there is an intj i care about . he is leaving soon and im sorely going to miss him the most . i can use the powers of an enfj . sometimes i do come across too blunt that i offend people or am not sure how to tackle things with others and maintain that harmonious relationship . i have in the ... i start gathering my things in secret , figuring out my next home . squiring money . i will occasionally make some effort to show that i still care but they don ` t feel anything . they wont know until ... its narcissism . i did have one earlier this week try and figure me out . i got bored and challenged them to a game of chess . i get hyper focused on picking things apart and seeing if they are true . simple things , i could give a fuck about providing a proper definition but more complicated things , the tacit principles ... '