' don't worry , i do that too when a car comes close behind me or at least i changed lane so that they could outrun me . i assume every person has some kind of business that makes them have to drive fast ... i believe fueledbyevil has summed it up very nicely . not to discredit your perspective , however , but the thing is , esfj like myself prefers security above all else . this also includes on how we ... there are two approaches for this : 1 . the center is you . find people who have the same interests with you . always try asking your correspondent whether he / she also knows about the topic you're ... i think isfj is just shy and doesn't want to talk much in social conditions . they would rather listen to the other person and see if they could help . i have an isfj friend at work and he is quiet ... gotta admit that i visit perc just to check on the notifications and whether there's a new update on my followed threads . the esfj forum can be quite silent for a while tho , making me less interested ... unfortunately , our confidence boost comes from the acknowledgement of others . i personally prefer to achieve my goal with supports from others rather than to just do it by myself . that sounds very ... my sister's boyfriend is an infp and we connect on almost everything . so far , it has been 4 months and we have never clashed on a single thing . he is a really nice guy , though and we treat each other ... ohh . i get it then . well , i suppose service , medical , and academic industries are places that suit well for esfjs , both males and females . however , it might not guarantee you to get a statistic of ... toward which professions to you tend to navigate ? ideally , i would love to work on places that could motivate other people , be helpful , and my efforts will be certainly appreciated . i don't mind ... this is actually quite difficult because of the different functions between the two personalities . esfjs have introverted sensing as their auxiliary function . this means that esfj's thought process ... may i know how often does she compliment on you ? i think this can lead to two possibilities : either she genuinely wants you to take a smile and to motivate you ( yes , we like to motivate people and ... really annoyed today because of one person in quora.com being so defensive and so dense with just simple questions . everything became completely chaotic after it . i couldn't concentrate and i ... pure_white the fastest way to lose such person is by saying in a nice way that you need some alone time . tell him that you are probably available around x hours later . then when the time comes , tell ... 1 . you enjoy creativity . 2 . you are resilient with criticisms ( your face says it all ) . 3 . you are unorganized and undetermined with almost everything . 4 . you never filter your words when speaking ... happy 29 , i'm sorry to hear that you have to deal with your ignorant president . i hope you found out the magic that you need and everything goes smooth in the party you organized . laguna , thank you ... since he is younger than you , i suppose giving him something to do that is relatively hard and takes a long time would leave him alone . after he's finished with one thing , give him a harder one and ... stay strong happy 29 ! ! every country in the world is experiencing the same as well . we still don't know whether trump is gonna fail the world just like when he was campaigning or would actually ... i have been observing myself for this kind of issue . whenever i join something that promotes an element of competition , i always felt a sudden ambition to win no matter what . when i'm conscious , i ... hello to my dearest esfjs . as we all know , we , esfjs often rant on almost everything that doesn't appear as what we think or perceive . for example , somebody violates the established rules and not ... we usually have a wide range of humor and love to laugh . well , at least that's how i feel most of the time . if someone wants to start jokes in conversations , i would gladly listen and try to come up ... i totally agree with this . we are like the halves of each other and together , i think it is gonna be a perfect combination . but it is still quite hilarious to flashback at those times when nts frown ... your description of your esfj friend totally relates with me . that's what i would share as well during lunch time or during any kind of social interactions , hoping for some attention from the other ... no , i think she was exaggerating and overly dramatic . if i were her , i would observe your behavior first before coming into a conclusion that you are a guy that likes to flirt with other women . but ... it must be our dominant fe thing that radiates and reflects back from our surroundings . combined with our sensing function , this makes clear lyrics are clear and mumbled sounds are just downright ... first , esfj is a very moody personality . we can go back and forth between extremely happy and extremely upset because of a very simple matter ( traffic jam while we have planned for being punctual , ... dear isfj , thank you for all of your efforts to waste your time listening to my vents when i'm upset . i have never met someone who has been as patient , warming , and understanding as you . we have ... your life experience has created an unhealthy personality on you and that should be fixed . my suggestion : glue that kindness mask back and offer helps to everyone close to you . if they say no , just ... blissfulwish , i know how you feel . it happened a lot to me as well but i have come to accept and try to understand the possible reasons behind of their actions . i would rather create a positive ... lol they see us weird , we see them weird . really can't imagine how things are not planned first . surprises and panics usually come together and they are not pleasant for me ... for us . they bring a ... well that is pretty mysterious and are you sure that she is an esfj ? cause i didn't see any strong sign that she looks like one . she resembles more of an isfp but i could be wrong . an esfj would ... 1 . respect and appreciation 2 . harmony and kindness is that counted as four ? i hope you could accept it as two cause i think those two are pretty much linked with each other . i only gossip someone that is usually seemed weird or unusual to me . because i have these social norms that i believe it is a common thing to see among society and if someone looks pretty off from ... i completely agree with everything that happy 29 said . we're normally the supporter for everyone and we enjoy motivating other people to become successful . it is a win-win solution , after all ( just an ... well , you entp bunch are just a combination of living hell . i mean , just look at those traits : - extraverted : more energized when gathering with more people - intuitive : enjoys the broad view when ... hey there . i will just write up what i usually do as an esfj . please keep in mind that what i would state here may be different between esfjs . mood-based activities on normal or positive mood , ... well , you had no idea about her boyfriend before so it was a legit move to do . but i think she could've delivered her status better than that . it was quite ambiguous and it didn't really answer your ... 1 . what is your favorite food ? fried rice ! 2 . what is your favorite color ? blue 3 . tell me about a pleasant memory . hugging my mom during university graduation , telling her how much i love ... what i see here is that your friend is just trying to bring up a factual evidence ( the sensing - s plays a big role here ) so that you are informed well about the real thing . it is still a harmonious ... hey man , i know you are probably still feeling down but i just wanna say that there are still lots of similar girls like your ex-crush . right now , you are probably under a cloud of disappointment but ... i can understand that you're upset but please bear in mind that what i just said before , may be proven different for esfj girls . we need a female esfj to explain the we don't mind go down in chats ... i think it is too fast to assume that she doesn't like you just from her attitude . i will try to bring up an opinion based on a what-if scenario , that is , if i were to be that girl . if i were her , ... what i can say from a guy's perspective , is that i tend to close down the space gap whenever i'm with a girl that i have been really enjoying to engage with . i usually do this only after i observed ... when i think about a clubhouse , i really wish it were a huge room with comfy stuffs : - big sofa with one seat that you can straighten your legs on - large led tv with a plugged hard disk full of ... over here . how may i help you ? feel free to ask anything , i will try to answer based on my gathered information and experiences . and please , do you really have to go with those negative stereotyping ? ... yes , although you shouldn't blame yourself too much because just like you said , it was just a bad time . when everyone's not currently in a good mood , everything else goes wrong . it applies to any ... yes , i like sharing it but i always first observe the person that i'm talking to . i will not fully share everything at first since i wanna see how they respond with a few of it and if they responded ... i like learning about new information and theories but only when they are applicable in my daily life . this doesn't mean that certain subjects like spirituality or philosophical discussions are not ... 1 . as an esfj , i tend to like win-win conditions on everything not a win-lose situation , including on an argument . to me , an argument is solved when we have come across into agreement of rational ... been wondering why esfj is not much seen in a forum like this then suddenly i came up with the fact that i usually only wanna go through a source of info like this because there is a random thing in ... same thing for me whenever i'm chatting with my crush . the funniest thing is when you check the conversation during he / she's texting , all of your chats are marked as read and you get panic all of a ... '