' fyi , the euro is gaining in value at the moment because of the result of the first round of the elections in france . now , and in the coming days / weeks would be a good time to invest in another ... yes , you could start a revolution . throughout history revolutions benefited the ones that had nothing , while the ones that wielded the greatest power left ship . indeed there might be a revolution ... i ( among countless others ) predict the euro will fall by late summer . the main contributor to its demise will be italy , but other factors also calculate in . i could state an elaborate tl :D r ... if the advice above doesn't help . try the following : don't use the computer at the days you're not working and venture outside . observe the world . while you might go into nature ; which is always a ... it is a strange saying perhaps ; but a son has to overcome his parents . it is not really stressed in our western culture but a man has to break free from his parents . it is not so much a physical ... just answer with what you feel in your heart instead of your rational mind . the first step to this would be to try to feel your heart , your emotions and find a part of yourself that has gone lost ... is there a place for old souls to be on this world ? or there other old souls on this forum ? beyond dogma , beyond belief , beyond the wounded ego ; i am waiting , not sure on what this reality seems ... all i can say is that i like rooms where i'm not the smartest person . it means i'm in a place where i can learn and grow . i think it is even more common for extroverts since they put more value in social contacts . introverts mostly don't care that much about other people to be afraid . ( yeah , i know oversimplification ... i listened to my intuition about two years ago . it changed my life completely for the better . if your intuition is guided by something beyond yourself ; trust it . yes ? ~ ~ ' ~ ~ , ~ @ strange , these thread titles . is it pon farr again already ? : kitteh : painbody just google it . meh , nothing new here root : under-active ( 19 % ) sacral :op en ( 50 % ) navel :op en ( 56 % ) heart :op en ( 69 % ) throat :op en ( 56 % ) third eye : over-active (8 1 % ) crown :op en ( 69 % ) then i and many others couldn't even choose because we're already past that : laughing : hmm , there is actually one infj , although not active on this forum anymore that i both would like to meet and fear to run into at the same time . but anyway ; we're not that special anyway ( unless ... i'm so happy , thrilled and afraid i could puke a rainbow of gratefulness . also , i'm tired . big hug to all of you who needs one . this is the best intp stereotype summary i found so far . : laughing : you put it on your diploma ; or next to it in the frame depending on size of the ribbon . if you really want to get arty farty you take a frame that is bigger and match the colors of the ribbon . so it ... yeah , sorry about implying an error in your thinking . the most annoying thing anyway is the big deal they make of this . you can't avoid all stupid comments on either sides . election year starts too ... the error in this thinking lays both in the fact that america can't work with what bernie proposes and the fact that many people think america is a democracy or that presidents wield any power . last ... ohh , no ; i just talked to my enfp sweetheart and she makes me feel like a cat on catnip . i don't care if it's illary or trumph ; same shit , nothing will change . just the possibility that the ... you're welcome <3 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eGMiqkPdNQg https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PaWJ8mevkZs see above posts . infj's are competitive , but not at all costs . unless it comes on the terrain of our hearts , than we are unstoppable . but mostly we realize our own competitive behavior soon enough ... to op , this does not bode well . the state of mind asking this question is an illusion . there is no question to answer in this ; and although languages allow to make these kinds of non nonsensical ... age : only a decade off . type : literally not a single letter right estp =/ = infj early-adopter ( not really , no ) gifted , lol so , i guess not ... sehnsucht i have to keep believing , close my eyes and pray while working . tired as i am ; lonely as i feel so far away from you . i have sworn to protect you , to be with you , to build with you . but ... i have seen seekers here . those even who didn't consider themselves spiritual or seekers . and the ones whom i'm referring too might not even be the same as those you talk about . but you made me ... you haven't missed any spiritual awakenings nor great guru's ( although ... ) . i can give you one advice ; don't trust anything you read on the internet . if i only could give you one piece of advice ; ... by retreating to yourself . i was reading up on some spiritual theories and this thread popped in my mind . maybe this forum , as if was a flower , bloomed about two years ago and its reason to exist seized to be . a lot of ... this i'm trying to move to the us after meeting and it's hard as heck . it's so friggin hard ; and any of the options take so long to actually be there . i already have one employer giving up on ... just quoted to agree . for those interested : http://www.cafeastrology.com/numerology2/index.htm <cynical> you are probably not aware how fora work . they work like an extension of society , and if you ask a question like the one you did in the title you already determined the possible replies ... fe for following reasons : i'm mostly unaware of my own feelings ; but i'm hyper aware of other peoples feelings , up to the point that i avoid people . although , i have the gift of calming people down ... in retrospect , i think my second post might give a more accurate picture of my personality type . feel free to type me ( provided you give some explanation ); i'm always up for a chuckle or some new ... this is a very interesting question , and to answer this i'll have to actually explain my view on what makes us human beings . my reasoning is very long winded . i'm sorry for this , but while it is not ... 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... how does a infj live together with an esfj ? and how do you mange to play settlers twice a day ? each friggin day ? i don't think it's healthy for an infj to live together with two adult kids .  ... ahh , may i welcome you to an old story ; from babylonian times . which is funnily something infj have a lot of wisdom from . if a man be lucky , there is no foretelling the possible extent of his ... i should go to the gym a couple of times a week to put on some muscle on my skinny body . that's about all i would change i guess . well 20/20 vision would be nice too of course . okay , okay , i'll go ... almost two years now . it's funny , it seems like so short and a multiple of lifetimes combined . when we are together time doesn't work linear . i wouldn't trade my enfp for anything in the world . just be yourself ( i know this advice will only frustrate you ) be fine with who you are first . it sounds like you feel unsure or afraid while you shouldn't be . it will actually get better , the older ... oww , that's cute : laughing : shouldn't psychopaths be in a category on their own ; just like personality disorders ? this : kitteh : i feel like vomiting a rainbow . i have that feeling of being annoying for myself and towards other people . it's like a feeling that you can't help yourself but be annoying . '