' my outfits are generally what some would classify as hipster . i like skinny jeans and v-necks . i also wear very light weight hoodies ( the cotton kind . the kind you'd wear in early autumn ) . my hair ... i actually feel the opposite . i feel that , because the person lives so far away , i can say just about anything i want . i'll never see that person , so why not vent all your frustrations ? it's actually ... i would see a guy working at a grocery store , because i don't go out much . probably not , because i don't tend to give enough personal information to customers for them to want to be my friend . ... it's also useful when you're helping somebody else . as an example , a friend was interested in this guy , but he needed time to think . she came to me for help . i had her explain to me exactly what ... i don't readily accept compliments , but i like when people compliment me on my work rather than me personally . i don't particularly like when people say something about me looking handsome or how ... pen and print . this is a touchy subject . a common misunderstanding is that we don't have feelings . we do . we just suppress them . we ( as istj's ) find them rather useless when dealing with most issues when we can use ... you can't . end of story . set one : 1 : how old are you ? 20 2 : what was your favorite subject in grammar school ? i was a fan of science and math . still am , actually . 3 : what did you want to be when you grew up ? i ... to answer the first post : i believe it's a feeling of apathy . they'll never see you again , nor you them . there is no penalty as far as they're concerned for being gross , rude , what have you . only when i'm at work . my natural face seems like a faint scowl , so i have to avoid that when i'm dealing with people . i just thought of something while reading these replies . if i'm having an argument or conversation with somebody , i hate it when i'm interrupted . i have no problem waiting my turn to talk . waiting ... it's not that you have nothing to say . it's that you have nothing you find worth saying . we don't place much importance in small talk , because it's just that . dear extroverts , i don't understand your need to make a scene out of things . not everything has to be an ordeal . outgoing is a nice quality , but unruly is rather unattractive . sinceriously , a ... we do things in a logical and incredibly efficient manner . it's actually the opposite of what you're thinking . we don't break our backs to complete a simple task . the bulb went out ? light a candle ... boring ? possibly . dependable ? you'd better fucking believe it . i'm not particularly interested in stuff , but thing gets me sometimes . on a more serious note , disinterest is a dominant feature in my personality . it's rather funny because some women see this as ... i have never in my life read something more accurate . yes . this . i actually hadn't thought about community services . and i apologize for singling out . i merely forgot what other religious gathering locations were called . my bad . i have two questions for whoever can answer them . 1 . why even bother having churches ? why do you need a place to gather to praise and worship whatever god ( s ) you believe in ? and 2 . why is it that ... i got my boy krispy kreme stuck in my head http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=loIUe0iCHBE i forgot about this ! i love my neighbor totoro . i think my personal favorite is howl's moving castle . i wasn't a huge fan of ponyo though . 5197951980 51981 if by ' chivalry ' you mean being generous and courteous , then ... i honestly have no idea what that has to do with europe . or why that's a bad thing . i'm just going to go to the moon now . if anyone ... yeah , it sucks . the worst part is that not everyone in the world understands that some of us out there are introverts either , so there is a lot of misunderstanding . everyone assumes i'm cold and ... this exactly . i like who i am . if i was any other way , i wouldn't be me . i love that i'm an introvert , especially . i actually thought it was some level of the third point you made . i appreciate your input . i try not to drop friends , as friends are not easily made . not with me , at least . i am like the blood type o . i mix well with others , but it takes a specific kind of person to surpass the casual ... - what genres do you like to play / release stress playing ? i like shooters and rpg's - favorite games recently ? dishonored - most nostalgic game ? edit : starcraft . that shit brings me back . so ... i'm not trying to prove or disprove anything . i just want to know what you all believe in . sorry . i forgot to add this to my post earlier . another aspect of being an intp that i'm still really connected to is their insatiable need to know why . i always ask why . i need to know why ... i really appreciate your insight . of anyone i've ever talked to about this , you have given me the most complete answer . my biggest problem with organized religion is the fact that there are just so ... this thread will result in a powder keg only if hateful , close minded people post negatively towards others . it will become a powder keg if people make it that way . i'm only asking people what ... absolutely ! if you come up with any more questions , don't hesitate to ask . i'll throw my 2 cents in . :) sorry . i was tired and a bit angry . i also , personally , despise alcohol . i think it's pointless and a waste of time . don't mind me . haha they say that intp's are the intellects . those that seek knowledge and stimulation of the mind every day . i still feel like i connect with them on that aspect . i want to keep my mind sharp , so i love ... the only problems i have in the workplace are co-workers complaining about me doing my job . i know what i'm doing , and i know the most efficient way to do it . don't complain about it , don't try to ... i know there are countless factors that play a part in what religion people choose to follow , but i was just curious . what religion have all of you chose ? what reasons did you choose it ? me ... am i the only one that found this a bit on the offensive side ? the word ' cool ' take on a new meaning to whomever is saying it . saying that in order to be cool , you need to ingest some mind altering ... the first time i took the test , it pegged me as an intp . i thought nothing of it , since it mostly fit . the only thing that was off is the fact that most intp's are very linguistic . i am not as much ... what really good documentaries have you seen ? i've seen one ( it's on netflix ) called pulling john . it's about an arm wrestler . really cool , actually . another really good one , which is also on ... you know what they say . opposites attract :) and i'm glad i revived this thread haha . all of which i'd prefer to take on alone xd i was just curious what kind of movies everyone likes . i absolutely love watching documentaries and psychological thrillers . things that make ( and help ) you think . i even watched a documentary of the ... i agree with the drama part , however i personally don't like when people help me with projects . at least most projects . i'm a bit of a perfectionist , and it kind of bothers me when someone does ... i never had much trouble in the classes themselves . i always got a's or b's . the trouble for me was in my mind . i didn't ( and still don't ) know what i want to do ( major-wise ) . i stopped going to ... i actually agree . being such an introverted person , i just like to have somebody that can bring out the 5 % extrovert in me . someone that can make me laugh and smile after a day of seriousness and ... i couldn't help but giggle at the thought of marijuana paying for the education of children . xd i completely agree with this though . i don't mind it . it does describe me well , so i have no qualms . '