' i get more sarcastic ( apparently i don't notice ) the more irritated i am . i can't tell , because it just sounds like me not censoring my thoughts before they get verbalised . i do tend to agree with ... winter . it snows , and i'm not allergic to snow . and the probability of getting wicked bad sunburn is low . i have 2 cats . i would like to have more than 2 cats . i got a 36 . that seems about right , i guess . i have a wickedly strict morning routine that involves waking up at exactly 5:37 . and coffee by 5:43 . once i woke up 20 minutes late due to an alarm ... green . intj . surprise , surprise . how much do you read ? not much currently , but i become a voracious reader during the summer . how fast can you read ? i read harry potter and the goblet of fire in 3.5 hours once ... if that helps ... i like lan-parties . or birthday parties that involve silly string and the apples to apples game . that said , i haven't had a birthday party in years . other than that ... i don't really party . the ... i tell my brother when he is an idiot . it comes off as an insult . i tell him when he's being irritating , i get yelled at for being a control freak . he asks my opinion , i answer honestly , and i get ... the streets would always be empty , everyone would have awesome high tech gaming rigs , and we would be ruthlessly efficient ... at something . it would be nice . and quiet . and probably gramatically ... i experience happiness when i play katamari damacy . however , everyone seems to always look at me and think i am unhappy since i always have an angry or neutural face . i also , apparently don't act ... ferrets ... clearly . i have never been formally introduced to myself ... but if i had been then that would mean that i talked to myself , which would classify me as crazy . so ... me and myself watch ... the more i don't hate you , the more wickedly blunt i am . or if i just really dislike you , and happen to be in the mood to rip someone to pieces mentally , i get hideously blunt . and put on this awful ... i can remember irrelevant things . but put one iota of significance on the thing ... gone . out the window . it's funny because then i reach into the useless memory banks when it suddenly becomes ... 1.do you sometimes ( even if rarely ) make jokes and hate the fact that you weren't serious ? no . if i am being funny-i am serious about being funny . 2.do you get annoyed when people laugh a lot or ... friend of mine was walking down the hallway one day with a grabage bag and latex gloves . i asked if she was cleaning up bodies again . she said nope ... and anyway - i would need bleach and a meat ... animals and plants tend to take precedence over humans . they don't ask for much . just a spot on your couch and food , and a twirly feathery stick to play with . ( i love my cats . ) plants just ask for a ... i normally hide from said person . if that fails , i am condescending until they feel so awkward that they have to leave . if that doesn't work ... i leave . when it's something enforced ... like relatives , ... 1 . i actually manage to get away with more with respect to schooling . i can turn in really off-the-wall sorts of things and still get good grades . my friend tells me that this is because i am ' just ... i blame the rock ... for actually being the one to lethally strike someone . unless of course chuck was throwing at point blank range and totally aware that he was going to knock someone upside the ... if i intentionally try to manipulate it comes off as really clunky . however , i can unintentionally manipulate , and then look back at that later and say : well , that was advantageous . 1 . pay for the most crazy expensive school i can get myself into . in small bills . just to annoy them . 2 . buy a vw bus . paint it black and put green flames on the side . refurnish interior with ... last time i cleaned my room ( about a year ago ) i listened to panic ! at the disco nonstop until it was clean . sort of clean . until you could see the floor ... i normally find a musical theme that ... i have difficulty putting thoughts into words when my vocabulary is exponentially larger than the person i'm talking to . it's really aggravating - having to mentally sort through to find equally ... i have a grand fridge calendar which has everything i will be doing for the next 3 months on it - i treat the calendar as law - if your important event isn't on there in a timely manner with at least 2 ... in my experience , people do not change and it is futile to attempt to force change upon them . by 7th grade i had detailed plans to overhaul the educational system to hack everyone's minds to genius by whatever means necessary , and a plot to make drivers better at driving . the capital ... i said no to both ... he wanted the drink , then he got the drink . the rest is inconsequential . comandante - you actually make a lot of sense . people tend to be off put when they tell me all their relationship issuses and i tell them seriously to just end the bloody thing if it's so upsetting ... a friend of mine was remarking on how she couldn't believe she had passed a chemistry test . i was paying no attention , since i was watching a computer screen and simply replied i can't believe it ... also the grocery store ... once every two weeks , but never on a weekend - because that's when all the crazies are out ... and never in the middle of the day because that's when the old people are ... i have only ever initiated two hugs , and that was as a result of someone dying . i think that is the only circumstance where such actions are warranted . if nobody has died , and you hug me - you are ... not in the conventional sense of the word . when trapped in a house for days on end due to snow in close quarters with my e-flavored family , i tend to hide in my ipod and knit ... i never feel like it ... yes . i read about the internet . i find it fascinating . the way memes are created , the idiomatic turns of phrase that people use on the internet ... the whole thing . i love hearing about random acts of ... when i am deliberately murdering minutes , putting something off , or just lack something better to do ... i am on the internet . normally reading about the internet . or i'm playing videogames . or ... synesthete friennd told me my voice was reddish-purple . we were in the school musical together , and when this one girl hit a certain note she would always flip , because it looked like golden bubbles ... if i don't verbally assault you when you make even the slightest physical contact . if i return your call . if i actually write an event concerning you on my great big calendar of everything . if i ... steps to making a friend : 1 . watch . observe in class , how they act , how they answer questions - consider does this person demonstrate the ability to form a coherent sentence and think ... guys are able to get into college with a generally lower gpa than girls , because it's assumed that they will spend more time doing athletics than academics in highschool , and otherwise the male to ... i buy guys cargo pants so i don't have to deal with a stupid , useless , handbag . why have a bag for a wallet and housekeys ? my hair is short , so i don't have to waste my time on it . i can't ... i criticise you for not looking at the page that the picture was on . that's an album cover for a band called enigma , for a song called beyond the invisible , in their album le roi est mort , vive le ... i just got on the a-b honour roll at my school for 3rd quarter . this was achieved through procrastination and videogames ... if i were motivated to actually care about something in class i could have ... my brother constantly accuses me of not having any capacity for happiness because i am constantly telling him to stop his singing / tapping / insert other irritating thing here . and then the whole ... piano . i would like to learn theremin eventually . i criticise you for criticising my lack of an avatar . it is quite hard to find an avatar that is relevant to the - i criticise you for having an avatar that has nothing to do with pencils . do you wear a lot of make up ? only when i do special effects - if artificial gore counts , then yes . otherwise - god no . do you spend a lot of time on your hair in the morning ? i chopped it all ... i like my job ... i get to organise , and get much needed time outdoors , and eat lunch from my favourite coffee-shop . i feel so efficient . get a job you actually enjoy . your aspie score : 123 of 200 your neurotypical ( non-autistic ) score : 69 of 200 you are very likely an aspie ... i plan to have 1 adopted 7 year old . from another country , so that when i teach it the 2 languages i know - english and spanish - it will be trilingual . age 7 because then i don't have to deal with the ... yes - i get the you scare me comment kind of often . especially during winter when i wear my grey coat ... i call it the coat to invade poland with . that paired with my torn up combat boots and ... '