https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRkLthSK_3Q here's a lil awk video of my rambling about mbti :) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRkLthSK_3Q&lc=z135v3zxirryyrgnr23wfbmirmyhebma104 sho-chan , a cute wolfyyy with blue eyes ! there's a guy in my computer class that calls himself the blue eyed lone wolf & he's like entj / entp . anywho thats random - but i feel like u could pass as an ... i love writing poetry , singing , drawing , painting , swimming , watching sunsets / sunrises , contemplating strange theories and making my own crazy ideas , playing videogames , photography , learning new ... intrapersonal naturalistic logical , linguistic , kinaesthetic ( tied ) visual , musical , interpersonal ( tied ) i'm a cancer & i also got cancer on my results :) i'm right handed :) ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6bAPlojfgO0 zen green tea i'm exactly the same , i rarely sexualize people . whenever i have a crush it is because i am intrigued by them , i like unique people . i crave to find potential in a partner , someone that i see a ... woah , i am an nfpi these subtypes are so interesting http://uploads.tapatalk-cdn.com/20160123/6b46b8b2ea23f6ee3a4069f61e86d323.jpg http://uploads.tapatalk-cdn.com/20160123/720232212fb379a47a79939f6f148b64.jpg ... hey infp's or other sensitive types :) i figured this thread would kind of be fun and humorous to make , since infp's are known to be the stereotypical crybabies . : sad : just comment below any ... everytime i sleep on my back i fall into a lucid dream . i feel like it is because i feel uncomfortable ( i usually sleep on my side ) , so my mind remains active as my body drifts to sleep . in some cases ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zAB5AC9yhY0 melanie martinez - carousel :) ) i rarely swear , i find it immature in a way , if i do i'm usually sleep deprived or very annoyed / hurt . i feel you 100 % ! ! ! i always forgive people no matter what - we're all humans living on this earth , we all mess up , and we all deserve to be loved :) i've never hated anyone , i've just disliked a ... here's a little poetry i wrote after carrying my sister upstairs and started overthinking * carries sleeping sister upstairs * she is so beautiful , her innocence , i'm holding her life , her ... i love tattoos , especially when they behold a deep spiritual meaning beyond their image . :) i've never smoked and i plan on continuing living life without it :) all the smokers i've met are istp for some reason , haha all shades of blue are beautiful to me i love black , i enjoy cool colors more than warm , they're soothing and very aesthetically pleasing :) ) ... living :) ) you might also try taking some of the different mbti tests , just to get some starting points . ( people often find that they get different answers in different tests as well as in different moods , ... i told myself i would go to bed early .. but i didn't , and haven't yet :'( i feel like i'm single because everyone assumes i'm straight :') + everyone i like is too far away , ldr's for the win <3 i tend to have very high standards as well , and i won't commit myself to ... alright , does anyone want to help me decide whether i am more extraverted or introverted ? the main reason i am questioning is because whenever i'm at school dances , or caught up in a fun moment i ... here's a little poetry i wrote after carrying my sister upstairs and started over thinking * carries sleeping sister upstairs * she is so beautiful , her innocence , i'm holding her life , her ... hahaha very funny :) ) that's my two year old sister <3 haha oh my gosh , i've actually attempted to do that before but it annoyed me about how scattered everything seemed , i didn't like how my main apps were flushed in with my random unnecessary apps ... alrighty , so this is such a peculiar topic , but i've noticed that i have kind of an absurd phone screen layout - at least the grand majority of individuals who look at my phone always question me the ... hola amigos y amigas ! so basically i have been struggling to fall asleep for the last couple days because my mind has been extra active at night imagining my biggest fear ... aliens ... ahhh just ... happy mlk day ! ! here's my first infp selfie :) ) 464938 yea ! whenever i'm in the pool just for fun i love to close my eyes underwater , pretending i'm in outer-space , or just holding my breath & lying on the pool floor , enjoying the silence & smooth ... hi everyone :) ) reply stating which sport you play ( if any ) i'm a swimmer , been swimming competitively since i was 7 . in middle school i was on the volleyball team & in track i did hurdles ... hi ! i'm a female infp :) ) i haven't met truly any infps in my area - so i guess we are kinda rare but i seem to find them online very easily ! ! vegan infp here :) ) vegan infp here :) ) vegan infp here :) ) i'm a vegan infp teen :) ) vegan infp here :) ) i think it's really amazing how so many infps are vegan / vegetarian i'm a vegan infp :) ) i'm only awake because i'm afraid of the dark , so i'm waiting until i fall asleep from complete exhaustion i came out to my family finally infp female :) ) most : enfj , infj , infp least : istj , estj , estp i'm overthinking - unabling me to fall asleep :( also causing slight paranoia craving to lie down on soft sweet grass at 3am watching the still stars sparkle above me slowly drifting my hands through the petals and green velvet strands eyes locked in awe mind lost , ... personal ~ * name - what do you preferred to be called ? - any nicknames ? my name is isabel , but i go by izzy :) * male / female / trans ? female location - where were you originally born ? where ...