' i agree - they're waiting for affirmation from you ( nodding , smiling , asking a relevant question ) , to check that you're really interested and reacting positively . i think introverts in particular ... hmm , this is my specialist subject . i've got so much to say about enfjs ! for some reason , my family is full of them - my mum , sister , daughter and niece are all tested enfjs . i also have suspected ... what struck me on reading this article was the author's hypocrisy . he was angry that his ex put her own needs before his and imposed her own preferred method of ending their relationship . yet that's ... revenge is personal . justice is impersonal . i'm emotional , and drawn to raw , powerful emotions . but i'm repelled by gloopy sentimentality . my dad , an intj , isn't emotional at all and is repelled by emotions . but he can be soppily ... i am an infj , and my sister is an enfj . she is shier and more self conscious than me in many ways . when i talk to people for the first time , i appear confident as i am more interested in what i ... i'm an infj married to an istj . we celebrate our 20th anniversary next month ! the things i like about our relationship are the ones you have already identified . he lets me be me , and has never ... this makes me certain that i use ni - i always feel i'm bringing theories / ideas together and driving towards a unifying answer . thank you for this explanation ! could i just put a word in for enfjs ? i believe they can offer a balance between the intellectual and the emotional . in my experience with family and colleagues , they are deeply sensitive people ... yes , it makes complete sense . sorry , i hope i didn't make you feel it's your fault . it's just what helped me . i confess i still feel like you , just not quite so badly as before . i'm not sure ... i just wanted to welcome you , and sympathize . i'm so sorry to hear you feel lonely . if it helps at all , i frequently feel isolated even when surrounded by people . i've always had a sense of being ... exactly . it's when my ni takes over and i'm processing inside my head . though sometimes i stare in a different way , when someone interests me and i'm analyzing them , picking up every detail and ... i would identify with that . i have an ability to sound like i know what i'm talking about without in-depth study or knowledge . it's an ability to pick out key concepts and terms , and connect them up ... yes , i also work with a guy who i think is enfp . when we discuss things , he will bounce ideas around and churn out loads of random possibilities . it's fun and i love to hear them , but can't always ... well , assuming i am a ni-dom , 1 would describe using ni as a very intense processing feeling . it's not an active process or a choice . it feels as though it is controlling me . it hungers for ... by the way , i also do the stare thing without moving my eyes at all , when i'm focusing on one specific idea and developing it . i usually test as infp , but feel i identify more with descriptions of ni-fe than fi-ne . but i'm not completely certain . my daughter pointed out the other day that when i'm in my own world , sifting ... hmm . i understand your frustration , but , speaking for myself and my friends , i really don't agree that girls prefer bad lads to nice guys . not true . i am not attracted to direct and assertive ... thank you for this . it touched me , as i have similar feelings about my relationship . and i feel the same way about enfjs as you do about infjs . i think we really do get each other , and are much ... yes , it's true . enfjs can always see your intentions , and are the most accepting and forgiving of people . i worry because he is easily hurt . he knows i see into him , so if i get it wrong , it does more damage . thank you for the reassurance ! it means a lot . thank you ! i think loneliness is something enfjs and infj / ps have in common . that's interesting . i have been working closely with an enfj guy for the past few years - i am sort of his boss , in a role where i am supporting him . i am always trying to work out what he ... a close friend recently said she finds me calm and anchoring . how do i manage to project that , when there's such a vortex of thoughts and emotions inside ? beats me . it made me feel a bit of a ... thank you so much . i've been a bit low lately , and it was uplifting to read your post . it brought a tear to my eye ! i'm so lucky that my life-long best friend is an infp . i owe so much to her ... i'm so sorry to hear how you are feeling , and just wanted to send you some support . as an infj , i have the same problem as you are describing . i am very used to being the person who supports ... sorry , i didn't follow your distinction between righteous and other killing . i assume most people would seek to justify capital punishment , self-defence , war etc , as righteous ? what did you mean ... eh ? obviously , i'm all in favour of non-righteous killing . the more the better . : rolleyes : i firmly believe there is no such thing as righteous killing . it's a contradiction in terms . and no life is more valuable than any other . simple as that . john keats and fanny brawne . i cried so much watching bright star that i hyperventilated . so , so sad , and one of the most beautiful poems ever written . also , the love stories in atonement , and the ... i'm still thinking about this . it must be hard to be rebuffed when you're just trying to help and comfort someone . try to understand that we build up walls to protect ourselves , because we find ... in fact , i wonder if it's a fe thing ? i've noticed that i and my enfj family and friends are far more comfortable focusing on other people's feelings . i think it can be hard for us to even know ... for me , i generally manage my feelings myself , and rarely need help . deep down , i feel compelled to be emotionally strong and independent - partly as a defence , and partly because i feel my role in ... could i offer some suggestions from a female perspective ? it pains me to see guys over-thinking things , and tying themselves in knots about how to behave to get a girl . i mean , you'd thing we ... ... so if there's something you'd like to try , ask me , i won't say no , how could i ? me too . i talk out loud to myself all the time as i walk round the house . it's a running commentary of what's going through my mind . i try not to do it in public . but i will sometimes smile , laugh ... no judgement here . my mum and sister are both enfjs . my mum is elderly now , and when she was very ill recently , confided in me that she had had an affair with a man she met at work for - wait for ... for me , i have always expected myself to put other people's feelings first . it's like - my purpose in life is to listen to other people and help them . it feels wrong to add to their burden by talking ... i feel i have only come into my prime in my 40 ' s . i feel so much more capable , emotionally and physically . i'm also far more confident socially . perhaps my fe has taken this long to develop properly ? ... descriptions of the infj personality usually refer to avoidance of conflict . however , i don't find that entirely accurate about myself . people generally describe me as calm and gentle . this is ... i really treasure the enfjs in my life - my mum , sister , daughter , friends , and a close colleague . all so different , but i can see the similarities . what i admire most is the way you throw ... by the way , this is a really interesting thread - i've never even thought about boredom before . i feel lucky to be so self sufficient . if nothing else , it makes me undemanding and saves money ! i ... never bored . even when i'm waiting in a queue , or doing a tedious task like housework , my brain completely entertains itself . i always have an ongoing stream of thoughts and analysis going on up ... mum : enfj dad : intj sister : enfj i can see how i'm a combination of my mum and dad's personalities . my dad and i have amazing ni debates and arguments ( though he has a habit of reducing me to ... i'm close to a lot of enfjs ( mum , sister , daughter , friends ) . i think they value me because i can give them what they give to other people - i listen , and give them the time and individual attention ... i also believe in unconditional love . on one level , i have an outer layer of unconditional love towards everyone i know and meet , towards humanity in general . on a deeper level , i develop truly ... no , i don't think it's wrong to seek balance in a partner . i consider myself to be a whole person - i'd say i was independent and strong , and that i know and like myself . but that doesn't mean ... sorry to hear the criticism is hurting you . i think infjs can often be perfectionists towards themselves . although we can be tolerant and non-judgmental towards others , when we're in a ... so sorry to hear that - it must have been very painful for you . i can imagine that infjs can become cruel like this is when they're frightened . i agree , she's subconsciously driving you away to ... her behaviour makes complete sense to me as an infj too . when she was first getting to know you , she was pursuing the wonderful connections she feels . but now it has become more serious and ... '