' fi > fe = si = ni > se = ne > ti > te 90 80 80 80 75 75 65 45 regular test said isfp , but i'm unsure . obviously fi dominant , and i'm going to say that isfp fits the bill more , ... that's the age we are , heh . i'm aware that according to mbti and socio it's not exactly a good match up , but we have similar interests ( both avid music fans , both play guitar ) and she is super fun ... she does know . i even made up a word that i say when she frivolously apologizes . do i just need to have a serious talk with her about it ? sooo , she may be infp ( tested isfp , seems like isfp ) , but nonetheless , there is a small recurring problem in our relationship . she apologizes , like , a lot . at first , i found it kind of cute but now ... almost exclusively intuitives , because they tend to be the most developed characters ( ime ) . isfps and istps , like this fine lookin lady , are awesomely developed too . and hot ... recently , as of last night , actually , i realized that all my good friends in my life have drifted away , and that i have almost no one i can talk to . this is mainly due to me ignoring / shutting out my ... 80 ' s . 6/10 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fljAXb3E5nA check out the raconteurs ( jack white ) version of it . quite beautiful . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xhGnuHuD5Fc bo burnham is always very clever and funny . if you haven't listened to his early stuff , it's very very clever . if you don't have a problem with satire , you'll love it .  ... - they care about haters , which gives them more hate . they can't be atypical to someone else's opinion . - they often think that everything happens for a reason , which i disagree with . - sort of ... joyus ! ! ! 8/ 10 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_-Gld700LE different 7/10 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XCUZSS54drI beginning 7/10 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OrdqLNM42oQ the funny thing about the american culture is that we're brought up nowadays to think that we have any say at all as to what we're doing . honestly , the best you can do is be educated and roll the ... i'd agree that you sound like an enfp . the ne is strong with this one . i suggest now that you have a basic understanding of mbti to check out some info on cognitive functions and take a look at ... typical 4/10 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IVDuaIuGB_0 small . 8/ 10 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-kCKob1YKOU true . this is a noobie oriented thread . i don't really want to overload them with the actual details , but just give them an idea of the other closely related types . thank you for that . i don't mind intj's and that that much . i think there's a couple different versions of them . there's the casual stubborn , and then there's the full out sherlock stubborn . if they ... as many do , i think intp's are possibly the number one types who contemplate if they are really intp's or not . i do this often . i have decided , through my findings , to compare common types compared ... thanks for the very genuine reply . stress isn't too bad on me - - i only really stress out in situations where things really , really start to matter . i'm not an uptight ap student , really , because ... that's what i'm doing right now , doing practice tests and going over what i missed . the problem with my situation is that i come from a relatively low income family , and the pressure to get a decent ... so , i'm studying for the act ( about to take it on tuesday ) and i'm doing fairly well , but i think i'm going to take it again . this time around on my practice test , i got a 25 overall . 24 in math , 19 ... ti che sounds interesting , and not completely suburban white girl-ish . i might check it out . i catch things a lot too ... maybe through classical conditioning our brains have sort of subliminally dealt with our clumsiness problems and put in defense maneuvers , when trouble arises . leslie - always thought of her as an enfp . might be enfj now . enfps are more chill than leslie ann - isfj tom - estp ... yeah ... april - inxp i feel like you'd have to know april more to know for ... easy for an estp to say :P are you sure you're not an entp ? you seem like an entp . you're freakin hilarious . well , i don't want to be clumsy because i want to : - stop breaking things - feel more in control of my body - continue my journey developing my ... less developed functions . it's funny , i know so much about physics and movement , but as soon as it actually means controlling it with my own body , i fail miserably . i mean , is there anything we can do , like exercising ? balance exercises ? etc . ? uhh , yeah , it's getting in the way ( pun intended ) . i don't want to be as aware of my surroundings as bruce lee , but i'd just like to ... not trip over everything . anyone have any advice , or anything ... … so you're some sort of super hipster ? i recently realized that there's a possibility that i'm an entp . i took a poll of 4 people , 3 of them told me i have extroverted traits , and one told me i have introverted traits . i like talking ... thanks :) nice thom yorke gif , haha i'm an intp , but there aren't any intp poetry threads , so i just am gonna drop this in here . - - - the thing that tears you ... whoops , i meant townshend . yeah , i definitely don't think he's an nt . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QgW3GTwYK1s you make a good point . perhaps you're right . i'm not :D i think he's an intp because i'd think that an istp would be more specific with their lyrics . i always saw zappa as an intp . as a musician , i don't think the way it comes to me is really any different . but , unlike others who tend to go off of one spark in the creative process , with me writing a song usually is a long , ... i think it's mostly gonna be sp's . hendrix-isfp jack white - istp ( almost no doubt about it , watching it might get loud again . he talks about the need for struggle and simplicity in creativity , ... i don't say that to depressed people . i have a depressed friend that i have to deal with a lot , and i know what to say around him . but , it's not about the fact that they're depressed . it just seems ... the whole i have no one on valentines day thing is pretty pathetic , in my opinion . if you can't be alone on valentines day , you have more problems than just not having a girl / boyfriend . there's ... lol evolution is a fact actually .. it's called the theory of evolution for a reason , heh . not saying i don't believe it , but it is , for all practical purposes , still properly categorized as a ... i'm not saying weed as a whole is bad , but i just don't think there's really anything to be learned from it . not everyone is an idiot , just a lot of people are . i never said that i'm a superior ... why i'm in this thread http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/500x/45860709.jpg i don't know if the legit was facetious or not , but it's not ^ ^ check my op . not definitely . just - probably :D discovery - _ - '