' we call you a kindred spirit . my sister says she's an infp ( she is not as into mbti as i am but has recently got into it ) . however from my experience she feels much more like an infj for many many reasons . regardless of her type ... i love that you make me more open-minded and less judgmental . i also love how you can summarize my 10 minute long ne-tangents into one sentance . how . mind-blown . ... http://i63.tinypic.com/2dspb87.jpg * nfp characters were my jam . ( me as pipi longstocking : teapot : ) i don't think my sister was happy to be the hand-me-down pumpkin . oddly enough i relate a lot to both book anne and the new 2017 version . i've always been a really chatty infp , especially when i was younger so i don't see her as being an enfp simply because she's ... really ? i'm curious why you think that . i've always seen her as the definitive infp literary character . anne has terrible fe . the 2017 version is unmistakabley an fi user of some kind . i think more than anything she's a much unheathier version of book anne ( who is the definitive infp book character ) . i see a lot of reactive fi in her portrayal that's brought on by a really ... * ahem * both my best friend and i became friends due to our love of anne . my friend is also an infp . ew ... but also , yes . https://image.ibb.co/gDtebk/IMG_7288.png https://media.giphy.com/media/KDRv3QggAjyo/200.gif - - my intjs best friend is an intp and i love when we can relate on our ne / si thoughts to each other . i think intps and infps have very similar interests insofar as much that we tend to be very nerdy ... from my experience fi doms are pretty open to new ideas . when i first started hanging out with one of my enfp friends he thought i was too good at conversation , too open minded , and not sensitive ... https://www.instagram.com/rowanblanchard/?hl=en obvious infp celebrity / child actress is obvious honestly i stand by anne being an infp - however it's interesting to note that in the ( more popular ) tv adaptions the 1987 version is an infp portrayal and the 2017 version is a very clear enfp ... we call each other boobies . which can be embarrassing if done in public . my boyfriend ( intj ) is extremely recipetive to people , experiences , and ideas . i think because intjs can be perceived as stoic people may not give them the benifit of the doubt but as my boyfriend ... i've been with my intj for two years now and its been great , he's my best friend . i think it helps that we're both in the same professional field as each other . it helps since we don't have as much ... i took one edible last year ( only time i've ever done it ) it was a crazy ne overdrive . it seems like i turn into an enfp whenever i take any kind of altering substance . i don't mind people taking ... i think this may be the first time i've ever heard of an infp's fi-triggering referred to as sexy lol . 640114 estp / esfp ( a very atypical esfp although i lean to estp ) with npd . bill o'reily would be the example of an estj with npd for contrasts sake . at least that's the impression i gather from both . frankly ... marionette is definetly ne , but in the esjf kind of way , which is where the intense fe comes from . tiki is the true enfj ; her ni is much more obvious than marinettes ' . i'm not sure about ladybug's ... no it's fine . part of the reason i didn't give any details to exactly what his big picture was that this conversation happened a while ago ; and i myself don't really remember what exactly he was ... on the american side of my family , there are quite a lot of sp's nf's sf's and a few np's . almost no t's of any sort in my family ( i'm picking from a quite a small sample size here though ) . my ... so my boyfriend and i often get into friendly debates about evolution and religion . he's not religious ; but he also doesn't believe in evolution ( he finds the whole idea hard to grasp , and to him it ... no , you didn't offend me ( fyi i'm not the op i didn't ask the question and i probably never would have asked one as such ) . i'm just saying that i don't really follow mbti theories in relationships ... completely agree . my boyfriend and i are both artists ( designers ) but his attitude towards design falls in line with much more of the business aspects of it ; how to structure a business how to ... dear esfj , i love some of you , and i don't really care for some of you . for that esfj i'm on the fence about . man your nice , but so annoying , and so forceful about your niceness . i hope i start ... whenever my family does something shitty . i don't really agree with this line of thinking , honestly . i do agree that there seems to be an aspect of fishing for compliments when the enfp / intj infp / intj relationship comes into play on ... lol yeah . it seems characters with mental health issues get labeled as infp ( you can still have mental health issues and be a healthy individual / infp but it seems common for people to attribute infp ... i meant for those people who have an interest and are aware of mbti . i think that may just be because from what i've seen , entjs aren't interested in ideas of what mbti relationships will be the most ideal to them . it's not like intjs and the whole * nfps ( especially ... why would he friend you on facebook if he wants to make it clear that you're not friends and didn't appreciate your stalking behavior years ago ? sounds like his moral standards are fairly low ... i took this thread as a stereotypical way of identifying if someone was infp vs enfp from the outisde , not that every infp has to fit a certain mold , but what , on average , are the easiest ways to ... she comments that the most surprising part of the quiz results is that she got a 50 % preference for feeling over thinking , i think that pretty much confirms she's at the very least a xxtx of some ... people don't type ichigo as an infj because most people see very little fe in him . i don't see very much fe in him either , he's clearly an fi user . i think most people don't really think him to be ... infp home alone : http://i.giphy.com/xT4uQ9l1f3oFKHK8JW.gif enfp usually : http://i.giphy.com/xT4uQp6iCsx9HGC8gM.gif iheartrumi either not a healthy intj , se addictive - not an intj at all - or just an asshole . i would personally go with just an asshole . ugh , insomnia . : lemmings_by_mirz 123 infp : appears more warm , kind , and friendly ( unless the infp is more inline to be the stoic , un-emotive infp ) infps tend to give a softly warm and cuddly aura . even if we intend to or not ( or even ... i think this is the first time i will ever be going on a strategy-vacation . thank you , intj bf . only you would ever suggest such a thing : onthego : . that's partially because fi is really misunderstood in those tests , severely misunderstood . i've taken cognitive tests that tested me as an esfj , with fe being my strongest function . but yes , ... if michael was an esfj , he would still be using ne , which explains why he's so ridiculous . michael is definitely not an enfj , but and esfj ? i think so . my esfj dad is exactly like michael ... this is true . i've worked as an art director for my schools art & lit journal for that past two years . i get extremely obsessive , but i'm never really bossy , just super super hard on myself ( although ... . i definitely can see istj for elsa , but i can also see the case for infp with the points you made ( fi-si loop , unlocking her ne creativity and i know unhealthy infp's can appear very stj like in ... well , i mean , he was 9 years old ... i can't imagine his opinions and worldview expanded much to the drama on the playground . i'm pretty sure we all thought pretty weird things at the ripe old age of 9 ... it's certainly interesting . my intj's boyfriend's siblings are both se inferior ( intj & infj ) and all 3 have been in the grip of some quite intense se addictions ( experimenting with tons of drugs , ... '