' he mentioned extroversion and then you mentioned excitement about something that one is passionate about as if that was what he was referencing . extroverts can't be excited about their passions ? can't that be true about anyone ? more information must be known . i treat others the way i want to be treated and they still get offended . i'm an intp and i'm a stereotype . when you breathe a sigh of relief when you call someone and get a busy signal . oh dear how the gears of life grind on through summer bloom they screech through shifting scenes of fear so you reach your afternoon they shuffle all your plans aside to show what ... yet effective . it's been said before over and over and over . it probably will be said forever . smack the intp over the head with your request . just straight up ask for it . it also really helps if your target is ... there are intps who couldn't get a 50 in a class if they tried and there are others who get 90s without even trying . there are scientific intps , philosophical intps , and mathematical intps . the only ... i believe we just call that multi-tasking . you're a woman . it's your kinda thing . i love dictionaries . i used to have a gf who wouldn't even look up words on dictionary.com when she had a perfectly good internet connection and laptop as well as one of those dictionaries that would ... also , it really helps to look like a really wounded person when smoking . like you have a reason to be smoking . it's one of the perks to looking like a dog that got kicked a lot . i haven't done it recently ( to my knowledge ) but sometimes i will say something and then repeat in under my breath or instead of thinking something i will whisper it in a creepy voice . it ' kinda like ... albert camus enters the room . you guys talking about me ? i'll read pages of books all while thinking about something else so that i'll be completely done a page without knowing any of what i just read . then i'll read it again and remember the things that i ... that is funny as fuck . i think i've had at least a couple where i missed something obvious like that and only much later i realized what was happening . there was this one time that i stared at a ... i've seen quite a few threads about this same topic and they never take off . doing things that are logical but tread on people's values tend to be seen as eccentric . perhaps being alone for so ... they also anger me . it should only be two movies instead of three . the first movie could have taken them to right before they meet smaug and then they could have done the five army war in the second ... your stories . i like that shit . richard b . riddick i think i was about 4 years old . i was sitting at the kitchen counter and i remember thinking that i was going to die one day . my family was very religious but i didn't have much of an understanding ... whenever i'm at an event for any organization i just think about how easy it would be to interrupt in the middle of it and murder everyone there . it's just interesting to think about how much we ... i'm inclined to believe this . i don't think children have much of an understanding of the abstract so we just start out as sensors . i would also agree that inuittion develops in the teenage years ... does this mean that we live in the matrix ? i guess its time to start learning kung fu . yes and she is quite surprised by it haha wow . this is very interesting . it seems that your example of si and fe is extremely similar to my experience with ti and ne . ne searches for all sorts of things . however , it is restricted by ti . ti ... 102914 that's the reason why i may never understand flirting . it's so weird to just go up to someone and say hey i'm interested in you . i know nothing about you but i think you're a great person . i ... seems pretty strange . hasn't happened to me . i would love it to happen . my wish is to one day be a guru or adviser of sorts . something tells me that it will never happen since no one is interested in ... i'm not sure of the problem . b is just never interested in things that you like to talk about ? there is nothing you two like doing together ? there's nothing that you like about being around her ? ... once again an isfj ambassador makes me think that i don't understand them . you guys are so diverse . there are the isfjs like my father who are rigid and authoritarian and then there are the ones like ... do the people you argue with actually believe the ridiculous things they propose ? for the record , i don't actually believe 12 year olds are capable of consenting to sex . i'm not a monster and i ... yeah sacrificing logic for the sake of a relationship or the possibility of a relationship means that the intp kinda likes you . does it help knowing that the person you're arguing or discussing this topic with doesn't actually believe in the things that are being discussed ? i'm pretty sure it has a question mark instead of a period or exclamation mark . its a question as far as i know . one of the reasons i asked myself if i was intj . although it takes more than close mindedness to get an intj card . i've gotten people who tell me man , you are so smart . it happened once when i was well on my way to becoming stupid drunk . they were like man , you're so smart . don't do this . i of course ... i think i've only worn my underwear backwards once . however , there was this one time where i accidentally wore my mother's jeans . i have no idea how it happened but it happened . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N8M07Gtlb5A you can make a polite request and still use do . would you please feed the dogs now ? so long as its not in a tone denoting disrespect then its a great way to convey the message and avoid ambiguity ... i can say that an sj would be functionalist and probably superficial but that doesn't quite give me a specific idea as to how an sj talks . those are some of the best things to talk about . assuming that there is a logical argument behind this hypothetical statement then it would be very interesting . it's interesting to see how something ... sure feels like it . i'm dating an enfj and it seems to work out pretty well . there are definitely problems but they might be due to either one or both of us being immature . i also have an enfj younger brother so i ... the chain of events would not necessarily be predictable since i definitely didn't foresee it . whether they care about the distinction is little of my concern . so you would be right in that they don't choose but then they still wouldn't be justified in their offense . i'm 20 and i dreamed about it since i was 18 . it still gets me . it usually happens when i'm stressed or bored . so it happens all the time . so its as normal as water flowing down stream as far as ... that was an attempt at trying to make a point . it was made by snail . i think i know what she was trying to say but it didn't really have an impact on what i was saying . how does an sj talk ? why won't / can't you talk that way ? '