if there was a way to know that someone would cause more harm to the world alive than they would dead - you know , if they would kill two other people if they were alive , whereas if they were killed , ... i'm partially idealist because it is practical for me . for example , i'm working on a project right now , and i keep telling myself i'll have it done in a couple of days . realistically , it'll ... it's likely that any sort of zombie creature will die off pretty quickly , methinks . sure , they'll have the upper hand in the beginning , because of the element of surprise ; but then human beings will ... it's difficult to make friends with other guys . we hardly ever have anything in common ... and i have a slight fear of men . overall , it's far easier for me to be around women . i need to be taught math slowly , i need to understand the way each and every little system within mathematics fits into the math i am doing . if i am taught this way , i can do fine at math , and will ... they're invisible and don't have any substance to them ; they're in my mind . they are only broken when i believe someone has broken through them . at the times when i feel someone has the possibility ... i play pc games occasionally . i'd play more often if there were any that really struck my fancy ; i'll obsessively play a game if it meets my standards ( see hundreds and hundreds of hours on ... i've had a lot of horrible violent nightmares . i always survive , i am never the victim ; but the people i love are . watching helplessly as the fire consumes my high school and suffocates 2/3 rds of my ... i don't like humanity right now . i just really don't . i am having a hard time seeing any good in them , or even anything worthwhile , that is not fake or thoughtless . i want to find a little pocket of ... :D dd i think i'd be that colour , as well ! ... it and cerulean blue were always feuding for being my favourite colour when i was a child . i'm certain a number of other ones occasionally took my ... botany for gardeners . ( by harold william rickett ) also , botany for gardeners . ( by brian capon ) heh heh heh . : 3 ... the older of the two ( from the 1950 ' s ) is the so much better written of the two ... legalize it . get rid of all the gangs that sell it in my area because they get tons of money from selling it here ( and bring horrible things with them like child prostitution which is really high in ... at the moment , i'm considering adopting just one child in middle age ; this is only if i desire one then , and am in a position where it is possible to do so without compromising other things important ... dear person with problems ( not on this forum ) , just because someone doesn't argue further doesn't mean that their arguments were squashed . maybe they just didn't want to continue to argue because ... strong perennial plants that are useful , hardy , and flourish well on their own for years , like mint , are most beautiful , in my opinion . also , plants that carry special meaning to me . you know , ... the x-files ! goodness gracious , this is a wonderful series ! the characters look real , as opposed to the people on television today , that all look polished and the same and boring ... and the plot is ... ~ points to self ~ arrgh . :/ no , never . drugs , cigarettes , and alcohol solve no problems , and serve to create a variety of them . as long as there are other things in this world to enjoy that do not cause me those problems , why ... v . v ; my infj mom and i have the same problem ... when we say things , we often say them sharply , for no reason at all ; it makes people think we're angry or bossy , even though , for me , it's usually just ... it always hurts to pretend to be something i am not , even if it is just role-playing ; therefore , i role-play as myself , just with different physical features , special abilities , and a different ... my personal values are adequately represented in the seven unitarian universalist principles ~ ahem ~ : there are seven principles which unitarian universalist congregations affirm and promote : ... :( i had another spontaneous anxiety attack earlier today . i feel like my body has betrayed me , right now , like my body is falling apart . my chest has been having spontaneous pain these past few ... my standards for friends and partners consist of the same elements - respect , trust , ability to understand one another and work together positively , and an ability to form a harmonious relationship ... not completely for a long time , unfortunately . reading and writing can get me partially ' in the zone , ' as can some music and some people among other things , but i don't think i've been all the way ... i did it once . the process itself was fine , and didn't really bother me . it was the week afterward which was horrible , where i felt very sick and sad and incredibly weak . perhaps it was just too ... ahhh harold restrain yourselfff ~ forces himself not to say anything about global warming and global dimming ~ : x . ether said it incredibly well , in my opinion . i would like to add a few things : first , don't always wait for him to express himself ; sometimes you do need to ask him what his opinion is , ... i consider myself to be a unitarian universalist , and i don't consider myself religious or spiritual . i consider myself a person with a system of values that i alter depending on what i deem is best ... hey , how are you doing ! let me introduce myself to you and all of your friends , i'm certain they'll love me and i'll fit right in ! i know all sorts of fun things we can do ! oh , haha , let's laugh at ... i miss the stars at night . i miss having strong feelings for another being . i miss the way i could get close to my friends in high school . i miss recess . i miss having the energy i had as a ... when i'm praised , i tend to thank the one giving praise and sometimes feel somewhat inadequate , because often i believe i could have done better than i had and therefore do not deserve the praise ... ah ... i was that ' different ' child . i was quiet and well-behaved , i was intelligent , i was artistic , i worked hard to impress my teachers ; i was the teacher's pet all through my grade-school ... happiness is having a high level of trust and respect for the individuals around you , and feeling safe , and loving , and loved by those individuals because they feel the same trust and respect in ... welcome , m'dear . hum ... the way you write is , somehow , clear and refreshing . interested in what this might mean , harold immediately latches on to this fact and starts analyzing your character . ... secrets ? yes ... mostly about money . money and weapons . sadly , the government is broken in america . i'd like the government if it was for the people , and actually efficient . the government is a ... ... it's too much work to explain many of my thoughts and feelings in intricate entirety in the course of normal conversation ; therefore , i tend to forgo doing so . or , if i do express a thought or ... cool beans ! i'll see about it . : 3 mmm ... ~ fidgets ~ i'm somewhat scared that depression has once more gradually made its way into my life , especially these last few weeks . it certainly seems it has . i'm not sure what to do . dear dad , well . great . juuust great . so you break it on my sister and i in the afternoon of today that we'll need to get our learner's permits tomorrow . when my sister and i complain that you are ... it's good being able to create bonds with people who are more similar to me than the general population ... it is quite good . that being said , whether or not i am on the forum , i am as unique as i ... i am finding this difficult to respond to in a way that portrays what i want to portray , that's what i am . ~ smiles ~ i am everything , and nothing , and all that lies within and without the range ... empty ? ... you are full of space . space , it is not necessarily a bad thing , in the same way that silence is not necessarily a bad thing . and there is much that can go there . keep your mind and your ... first of all , i'd like to say this : don't rush into anything , unless you are positive you will be able to deal with the fallout . second , i'd like to pose a question : is this guy so wonderful that ... more often than not , i feel disconnected from the external world . i get trapped in my internal , intangible world , and then i do not get anything done in the tangible world ; i lay around thinking and ... i wish i could go unclothed in my room more often , but ... i don't have a lock , and my mom comes in sometimes , when she wants to say something to me . ~ dies ~ it is incredibly frustrating , because she ... a sentimental education by gustave flaubert . fantastic book ... i don't mind it . : 3 in fact , why shouldn't i be put on a golden pedestal with diamond engravings ? xd i'm a marvelous creature ! ( above opinion subject to change depending on the mood of this infj ) ha , well , i guess not everyone regards such matters in such a serious fashion as we infjs do . personally , because i tend to be guarded about personal information that is important to me , i find ... dear new library in my city , holycrapholycrapholycrapholycrap you are an infj's paradise . there are no words to describe your beauty . you are glorious and spectacular . angels should descend from ... ~ laughing to himself ~ you didn't ask the infjs how kinky they are . xd