' she's 18 and i'm 20 ... that's why i can't seem to understand why she's acting so childish ... so i had this istj friend ( i'm an infp ) and we had an ok relationship . we met at school when she changed classes and she was a loner , just like me so we started to talk and became friends . i ... light eyes , long hair 1 . mr.darcy 2 . severus snape 3 . gregory house i have a lifepath 11 ... i'm still not sure what to expect of it 1 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? not really 2 . study these two ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z1dqjZbgpTQ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LzPPAw5tnqs i ( as a infp ) personally loved the show but jeez the sex scenes want me to scratch my eyes out ... i watched the complete first season and i think i've seen enough boobs to complete a lifetime ... belgium http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VIDTKCBvmnU http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xXRimYEhC_U not my favorites but in dutch ! ! ! ravenclaw - 13 gryffindor - 12 hufflepuff - 11 slytherin - 7 luna-style : kitteh : my mother is a isfj 6w7 we catfight sometimes because we're both good at pointing out each other faults my father is a intj 5w4 we seem alike but i'm more feeling and more accepting i'm a infp ... i really still don't know ... i don't care about others problems i don't like other people expressing extreme emotions i like my own things but fail at things i don't care about i'm smart but ... titanic atonement moulin rouge eternal sunshine of the spotless mind any movie when the good people suffer ixxp ( some think isfp ) not sure yet : s 4w5 - deep emotional ones ( overcome by live ) - pop - rock - world music ( indian , chinese , greek , ... ) - barok :D junjou romantica sekai ichi hatsukoi ouran high school loveless fruits basket doki doki school hours lovely complex the hobbit ... i had forgotten about lord of the rings for a bit but now the love is back : kitteh : omg i felt like i was there ... the great archives determine you to have gone by the identity : selene beau pre known in some parts of the world as : lodemai of the balkans the great archives record : an animal-like ... 1 . what are 5 key qualities about you , and what is each of their direct opposites ? being one of a kind - being a sheep being jealous - being accepting being unsure - being self-assured being ... - death - being made fun of - being surrounded by a group of people - small spaces with many people in it ... - doing something stupid - being thought of as stupid - paying for a ... what were you like around 8-9 years old ? really open , carefree and even then a stranger between all the children ... but i didn't care about anything at all until the hardcore bullying began ... well it wasn't bad ... but i didn't really like the main characters because bella is a boring , one in a dozen bitch and edward is a sparkly , depressive bipolar guy ( i'm like that :p well , maybe ... 5779857799 5780057801 i'm really good in things besides sciences and math because my head is like a swiss cheese :p i really suck at remembering formulas and abstract ideas ... i'm really good at history , economics and ... 1 . happy are you ? 6 2 . socially skilled are you ? 4 3 . lazy are you ? 8 4 . emotional are you ? 6 5 . book smart are you ? 7 6 . cocky are you ? 8,5 7 . fun are you ? 5 8 . goofy are you ? 9 ... wow you're social life might suck but the inner lifer you lead is enough to supply the whole world with ... well here in belgium you can choose between a faith or what we call ( zedenleer ) ... it's a bit of a ethic's / global knowledge subject but i absolutely love it ... this year themes ... art ( when is ... i make inappropriate jokes when i like someone : blushed : if i already know them ofcourse ... but when i don't know that someone i'm more of a silent sufferer and look at that person alot ... even to a ... anna karenina by tolstoj ... so far it's really dramatic :p roud : where would you live ? in a warm european country like spain , italy , the south of france ... between olive trees , wine ranks and lavender fields ... the quiet country life where you can make small ... i spend a lot of my time with my parents even more than a averadge 18 year old , i go to lunch and concerts with them but the only time i want to be alone , i get no space , they're constantly around ... well to be short i had this place where i could be alone on the computer where i could listen to music and be myself but now my parents keep invading my private time and i * * * hate it ... i ... ixfp : severus snape , remus lupin , luna lovegood and slight sympathy for the weasley twins when they messed with umbridge : wink : hetalia ( i really love it ) , ouran high school , junjou romantica and the other one ( same author ) , strawberry panic , doki doki school hours , gakuen heaven , uragiri wa boku no namae wo shitteiru , ... my favorite game is the sims 3 because i can do want what i want in it ... i also love harvest moon , rune factory , pokemon : tongue : , and sims medieval ... the games where you can make your own choises johnney depp , tim burton , salvador dali , jane austen , edgar allen poe , severus snape : tongue : infp - ravenclaw i got ravenclaw ... my second favorite house after slytherin :p bff - isfj friend ( girl 1 ) - istp twin 1 ( friend ) - intp twin 2 - istj girl 2 - enfp girl 3 - isfj mom = xsfj 6w7 father = intj 5w4 me = ixfp 4w5 yes it gives fireworks sometimes : confused : sun - taurus moon - taurus rising - leo belgium ... west-corner of the country ... i live right by the sea ( 10 meters ) it's night here and i'm making the best of my fall vacation : wink : i have this friend ( xsfj 2w1 ) and i'm a ( infp 4w5 ) . we have been best friends for 6 years now and we just changed schools together ... but we are in different classes . she was a girl who wasn't ... at first i loved it ( i love vampires and depressed vampires like the movie interview with a vampire where brad pitt plays louis i really love him in that movie : blushed : ) then i hated it because ... a intx type ... i'm very introvert so i don't like these bold , loud people around me and a t because f types seem to have a wierd effect on me ( you tell a story and they tell an even more dramatic ... 1 ) slytherin ( i'm like snape ... cruely hated for years , lost some important things , being bitter ) not like the malfoys ... 2 ) slytherin ( my friend compraired me to damon from vampire diaries : f ... dr.house the joker damon salvator infp and intp are the most fitting to how i think .. or tj i'm not an s or a j > . > my house is a huge clutter and i'm the biggest dreamer ... and i don't care about helping people or even engaging with them ... : ninja : i'm a inxp i know that for sure but i ... 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? i have a friend who has the same type like me ( 4 mbti infp ) but there's a world difference between us . she's like a fairy princess ... stupid questions , agressive people , people , liars , injustice , people who steal , people who conform , people without patience , people who are trying to be popular , realists ( barf ) ( just people :O) '