' or , better yet , solve that server lag problem ! enfps can often be passive-aggressive . extx have low tolerance for this behavior from my experience . sounds like a scene from the walking dead : happy : who does this usually apply to ? frenemies / random people / sos ? should i be concerned about opening myself up in a relationship ? : rolleyes : if the movie is good , i get totally absorbed by it and cry during soppy scenes . the judge was really touching . hmmm .. i have this feeling that my sweet male friend who i thought is an enfp can be entp after all lol . clinginess is a turn off but as someone said here already , it all depends on the person . as a female , i'm ok with someone texting me etc more than i do and i like it a lot when guys are confident and ... call the intp tech guy of course ! all right , that was the obvious one , i know . here's your legit answer : 314905 scichick i think shutting people out is our knee-jerk reaction - and it can be pretty effective at not letting people hurt us but it is often not the best decision relationship-wise . i'm not saying ... but you're leaving ! do you still want a relationship with him ? unless you do and you talked about this , it's you who is breaking up with him . if he feels he needs to break up two weeks sooner , why ... we have a lot in common but with their te they strike me like a more serious / mature / intimidating version of entps . he is also the only person who could beat me in pretty much everything we tried . and ... what stopped you ? :/ i had a crush on an entj . the only type that can make me feel nervous - think entp turned infp . :d ry : you call it entropy - we call it entifragility : happy : antifragility - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia i like it when someone can call me out on my bs without having to resort to ' you're wrong ' . yep , just what i thought : wink : : happy : lol you're sooo missing our main point about this whole conversation you started it's not even amusing any more : rolleyes : she's neither ignorant at best , nor dishonest at worst ... there may have been several layers of sarcasm ! such a shame i can't understand what you're talking about . the difference is not semantic , when someone says ' maybe ' you still give the person a ... sarcasm ? i don't know what you're talking about . nothing that i said was either emotional or incorrect ( saying that something is dishonest at worst is actually stronger than saying that something may ... running out of people to talk to pretty fast , aren't we ? if you are that interested in fi / fe clash just go back and reread the posts above . she clearly wanted to help you to the best of her ... lol so true ! i saw your signature and tried to think of a vanishing spell from harry potter .. couldnt remember any though :/ your life - your standards . period . don't let anyone guilt you into anything . you acted that way , she walked away , not a big deal . that list was for illustration only ! not as quintessential entps lol . and i do like those rare moments when you see our type portrayed in fiction because when done right , it can give us a lot of ... yeah , that's also really fun reading about the two of you because i can usually relate to both . :) what about the time when you really needed to get somewhere on time / do something important ? how ... i got the impression that you're still hooking up with this one and you also had the emailing one problem so that would have made at least two . i've always been curious about such match myself . how many entps have you dated in total ? it's hard to say whether she'll agree without knowing the story but if she does she'll most likely keep her word . tell her that you expect her to keep ... soup of the day . provided that there is a lot of variety in the menu of course . because when introverted versions are always good , someone has to play the evil part . if only i came across this forum several years ago .. just think of all that time i could have saved on writing essays : crying : it looks like you hit the ceiling here . you want something more but just talking likely won't get you where you want to be in terms of relationship . from what you wrote here , he sees you as a ... wait , whaat ? then what's all the hype about ? i gave up on the book after their first sex scene .. too disturbing .. being bombarded with all that stream of consciousness in that girl's head , that ... i can only hope that neither of them is one of the masks you guys are notorious for :) none of them seems good as a partner ! the avoidant type is likely to make it further up the relationship scale ... so , i've looked through the links posted by tzara and one of them mentions a test to see how developed all of your 8 functions are : keys 2 cognition - cognitive processes the idea here is that ... maybe i spend too much time near croissants ? hmmm ... : rolleyes : as for visual contact , it's more like when you're interested in someone across the room and your eyes naturally go back to that ... yeah , pretty much everywhere . not sure if it's just me personally , but i really like physical activity - a bit of pretty much everything - depending on the mood / weather / friends as well . i like ... lol thanks ! that's what i've been looking for :) yes i am .. in a way . i ran across a thread / article on the intj forum that types their 2 % of the population into different groups . i'm more interested in trends here . and i'm interested in this ... hey there ! i'm new to this forum and have a feeling that this must have already been discussed somewhere ( could you share the link if you know a similar thread ? ) but still : why do you think we have ... you.are.so.sweet . : happy : find a feeler and do you best to understand them and make them feel comfortable around you . no usual entp stuff . make them talk and really listen . just make it all about them - try to analyze what ... lol .. sounds serious are you sure you get enough sleep ? driving itself - yes ! but all the hassle that comes with having a car - nooo thanks .. finding a parking spot .. ( i live in a big city and the nearest parking would be a 3 min walk from my place ) ... lol but that voice and that facial expression .. i just remember my never ending frustration with all disney's supposed role models as a kid .. as for hp , yeah , but i remember it started with 4 + book ? ... harry potter ? come on , nothing can beat little mermaid . second that ! it's all about the person , not the activity . although a regular change of scene for dates is a must . i guess he meant all movies that include at least two scenes of people showing romantic feelings toward one another while there is slow music playing on the background . including those where they've ... well , i'm trying to type someone who seems to be either istj or isfj . he told me that he hates romantic movies ( ' like what , bridget jones ? ' ' yeah , especially like bridget jones ' ) . i know it probably ... hi isfjs ! the title pretty much says it all . female isfjs are welcome as well - i just think that we women may be more predisposed to them regardless of type . so , what do you think ? :) edit : ... i usually actively dislike main characters in books or movies . they always tend to be either too goodie-goodie or incredibly stupid / messed up . i was hooked up on the game of thrones the second they ... this : i don't think it has anything to do with whether you share interests or not . it's just that someone else ( both your friends , not his as it seems ) tried to impose themselves on him . i bet ... '