' like i said on a similar thread once : i once made a food delivery , collected the cash and started leaving with both the cash and the food . i might prefer to throw out video games than books . naw , it was pretty darn funny . for my first two years of high school i was living abroad and spent my days laughing with friends and not paying attention in class . i returned here to the u . s . for my last two years , made little ... i'm scared . i'm not sure i am one . i am absolutely a believer in the almighty . chicken nuggets are fantastic little things . my mouth often waters at the thought of them being dipped in some delicious sauce . that kids became grown-ups literally over night . from what i've noticed , people look at me often . i think i have too much presence . or maybe it's just my face . i eat baby tumors i get them all the time . there's been one memory that has been hitting me lately . with that one , i put my hands on my head and cringe . i dismiss those those thoughts and feelings ( or whatever you'd ... this thread makes me happy . i do the same thing . sometimes i move my lips accordingly and people catch me doing it . they just look at me . we only like you because of your boots . oh , you saw it too ? i didn't wanna say anything but ... ya super christian here . come at me , bro . i might return just to meet you . that mysterious third step ... who knows what kind of vile things must be accomplished to proceed from there . i used to be capable of very negative feelings , grudges being among them . the older i got , the less willing ( or maybe capable ? ) i was of feeling these heart poisoning things . so nah , no grudge ... i find brazilian accents ( on a girl ) very attractive . being a house cat sounds good . that's what i'd pick if i had to be a pet . i've thought about this before , seems nice . i have retired from those days of hard work and am now living the good life in south florida . that's the most ridiculous thing i have ever heard . * flips hair and leaves * hey , uh , how do i get to walmart from here ? if a person's avatar has a face , i automatically imagine the person's face looking similar to their avatar's . unless that person's posts does not match the avatar . sometimes i would also imagine a ... i did it in ... i think 5 . took so long because of school work that i had no time to slack in . got infj you know , i was in bed about two days ago thinking what type could she possibly be . ended up concluding ... don't have a clue , should keep watching and see what my intuition tells me about her type ... i sure don't know enough about the typing process to say this with any large degree of certainty , but at first i also thought that francis might be entj . but then followed that by hmmm ... why not ... the tinychat room is still alive . has been on the decline for the past couple of weeks , it seems . but still , it's alive . although , not everyone is an intp , but there are enough of us there to go ... my mom says i did . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ULwUzF1q5w4 watched two episodes of this show not long ago . i'm enjoying it so far . i ... i'm intrigued by this man . i want to meet him . i want details on his insanity . you must be attractive if he did that . now i want to see you . today i went to school to work on something for about an hour . on my way back home ran into a buddy and both went to the store to get ... * clap * * clap * * clap * yes , this . men ( and women ) of god . cat = women privates box = women privates ha ! i am a maser at being a chameleon , it seems . people's guesses for my type are all over the place . i have this huge urge to make out with that kitty . also , i'm surprised and disappointed that no one has answered mahhh dick ! i would continue believing in god . why ? that's for me to know . i talk by myself all the time . a solar system . i want an entire solar system . op , you could not have proceeded with your conquest any better . hello stranger . have a good time in this here personality cafe . hope you never get banned ... just saying . i mean , it happens . my usual respond to this is all good . then i go on to ask some sort of small talky question . if i see that the whole social interaction hits a dead end i'll finish it with an alrighty , later and ... i try to steer clear of all christian jokes . especially any involving god's name in them ... those in particular . dead baby jokes , black jokes ... all those are good to go . understand that i believe ... me being a believer in god makes joking about christianity jokes ' over the line ' . besides that though ... there aren't many bounds . haha , i thought about it like that while writing the thread . but seeing ( or participating in ) rapid-fire convos adds a sweet layer to this whole thing . surely you know exactly what i mean . '