' creative people . they don't have to think a lot , but when they do think , i want it to be well outside the box . intelligence inside the box is as dull as it gets . big 5 has a lot of science behind it . try google scholar . enneagram is to a large extent astrology . it makes a lot of ungrounded claims . myers briggs doesn't need science really , it makes no ... intps i know don't like debating with me . unlike most people , they do understand that i'm mostly just playing around with rhetoric tricks and semantics , but they don't like it . left and right is different in every country . ask about ideologies instead . i'll just say this for now : i'm no libertarian . what did u find most difficult in school ? homework . also , generally being hated by adults . what would u consider to be an ideal education based on ur personality type ? haha , i have no ... the megaphone this guy seems pretty intelligent and contributes with a vast amount of knowledge . unfortunately he has got no grasp of volume at all . will scream across the room with a content smile ... my style is usually eye catching for some reason i can't really explain . my inspiration is 70 ' s rock bands , but i try to adapt that style into something modern . heavy but psychadelic is a comment i ... i can easily say stuff like that . i think it's especially interesting that his words surprised you , because i think thats how i'm often percieved . in every day matters , i probably seem a bit cold and ... nope , my mom was nice to me . picking fights . when i'm bored , i start fights with people i know for no reason . same thing when i'm frustrated . i also have a tendency to lead on girls who are already taken just for the thrill ... well , i can tell you this : when me and my friends are looking for a nice spot to study , i always suggest relatively noisy places such as hallways and cafeterias , while they much prefer unused ... i am good at making stuff up on the fly and convincing people stuff , but i don't really do anything where i can use those skills . i figure most entps have similar ( lack of ) talents , so unlike the ... they sound like anyone . i guess the author used to write about astrology before . intp . i don't see much entp about you . you seem to have some distinct hobbies that take up most of your life , but most entps have a hard time explaining what they're really into . also , you're ... is this some dating related question ? i don't understand it . well , this looked like pseudo-science to me , so i googled a bit on the author , and found that this stuff is called orthomolecular psychiatry . this is what wikipedia has to say about that : ... does the thread starter understand what she's asking for ? romance is a big topic , might aswell ask us what life is ... one funny thing about romance is that i never find movies labled as romantic ... proper spelling is lame anyway . welcome . work ( studies ) and women gets my attention when i'm out of ideas . or maybe it's the other way around : when i don't have enough work or women around , i start comming up with these crazy ideas . severe depression from 13 to 17 , pretty normal from that point on . what's there to tell beyond that ? :) yeah , i've been seen as that manic depressive guy , but i've never gotten a diagnosis . i agree , te is stoic , and ntjs are the only personalities i'd describe as genuinely pretty stoic . but i ... totally agree . everyone thinks they're n , yet s is supposed to be more common . i'm similar . i have been described as both very unempathic and as extremely emotional . most entps claim to be ... how so ? he does remind me more of the enfps than the esfps i know , but i'd still say he's closer to esfp than entp . well , exxp seems pretty obvious but i see nothing n about him . secondly , he has a woman who's much , much hotter than him . so that leaves us with esfp . i didn't watch much though . bullying would still exist . i'd say both entps and entjs can make bullys . we might not be quite as masochistic as for example esfps and esfjs can be , but on the other hand , when we don't care , we ... are introverts arrogant ? hardly . i suppose this common misconception has to do with our being more intelligent , more reflective , more independent , more level-headed , more refined , and more sensitive ... you're completely missing the point . it's not about the abilities of the members , it's about this being an internet forum . 1 ) no one here has any accountability . 2 ) you don't know if the people ... quite frankly , a girl at 18 acting like that ( intp or not ) has bigger issues than an internet forum can handle . mbti is the duct tape of psychology . everyone should know about it , but it's not ... i don't really like enneagram theory , and quite frankly , that has 90 % to do with the usage of the ennagram shape . it's a fucking star . way to make it look like astrology . that said , i think i ... i don't think all ns have some issue with spelling and grammar . personally , i hate people who are anal about stuff like that . i was thinking hmm , what are they trying to make me think about now ... lets just make it very clear : type is an indication of a persons behaviour . yes , different types will have different ways of moving , and you can probably use that info for typing someone . but type ... perhaps this should go into the venting forum , but i'm hoping fellow entps can relate . but anyway , i was lying in my bed thinking about what i'm unsatisfied about in my life , and i've realized ... i'm a pro-religious agnostic . religion is bascially good , i'm just not convinced by any one of them . so then i must be an intp who loves being on stage , getting attention , brainstorming and is described as charismatic every now and then . because i sure do feel drained after spending too much time ... heh , no , this has little to do with nts and nfs . i get this stuff all the time , and it's only from women , be they nt or nf ( but rarely st and sf women , now that i think of it ) , but never from men of ... hmm . a lot of intps are unable to keep up with entps in verbal debates , yet they still manage to impress the entps . the trick is to focus on one argument at a time rather than the big picture . don't ... haha , tell us a bit more details how you failed to make friends with the entp . i don't see entps as the type who would reject anyone who would want to hang with them , as long as they are not boring ... that was me , but i thought it was about admitting to being wrong on some fact rather than apologising for some wrongdoing :) i know i'm not so good at apologising , but atleast i realize why it's ... female : katarina , viktoria , veronika , vera , julia ... i like long names because it feels like parents who give those felt their child was really special . names that are soft and short feel like ... i play bass in a band , yes , but not so serious about it . there are two things i've always wanted , be able to sing and be able to write lyrics . can't do either for some reason . i would say most of them seem to , yes . i think most nts are so unsatisfied that they cannot even grasp what it means to be satisfied and for this reason confuses their own arrogance for self satisfaction . how else can it be possible that ... yep , someone who succeeds by just being himself :) which comes off as really false since when you're making a video like those , you're obviously unsuccessful yet trying really hard . naw , but i don't limit myself as much on certain behaviours that are strange to most people but common among entps . i guess you could say i'm conforming to the idea that certain people are inclined ... that's ok , a simple click on the thanks-button in my post will suffice ;) ask for help from his male friends , especially if he has someone relatively close who's good with women . they can tell him that what he's doing isn't helping him one bit in any way and i think he's ... välkommen ;) my boss is also probably estp ( he think's he's estj , but thats just not possible ) and his life seems to have been similar to yours . i guess quickly going down one path and then ... well , first of all , i've never really understood the whole american dating game to be honest . i'm not sure if that's a culture thing or personality thing ... maybe it's mostly culture . but i ... an old and weird cartoon , watch it : youtube - bimbo's initiation now , consider this comment posted there : sex is the lure within society that makes him conform to the wayufeff things are and ... damn you ! that picture made me spend an hour watching old and weird cartoons :D '