' i feel that i could be better about empathizing with others . and i thought i would try to ... but i think i'm at doorslam stage . or i will be if i let myself care anymore . so caring less , and doing ... yes i have . and apparently they have . and yet they walk into an emotional disaster with arms wide open . that's what i'm doing . i'm just venting frustration . i fundamentally disagree . i think venting feelings anonymously versus destroying any good relationship i have with them is much better moral option . and just because their behavior is stupid does ... i agree with the shoulds . i've just gotten worn down with being patient with someone to figure out their ambivalence . but solid relationships are built on some sort of rationality or they don't thrive . and when you base it on mutual dependence it's kind of a problem . people really need to step back sometimes and ... sometimes they think i'm a snob - - i've totally gotten that . sometimes they mimic me , act uber jealous , or talk over me so that i can't be heard ( i know that was about inferiority ) . i don't really ... those aren't the people i judge so much . it's often people who are much more capable , who get into stupid relationships . and act complete flabbergasted that the relationship is so irrational , but ... i don't think i'm special necessarily , but i really work on trying to be an ideal in my life . i feel like this causes people to feel inferior to me even though i do not believe they are . sometimes ... and the other problem i have is just thinking that the best strategy is to keep it to myself , but it's repressive at times ... :( i also actually think i know the reasons for it sometimes , like i ... i wasn't really suggesting that i could see the future . ( i don't believe that that is possible . ) i do however think infj intuition may be able to recognize patterns so thoroughly as to be somewhat ... david bowie is not a pedo . jareth is a fictional / fantasy character not from our world , and not bound by our ethics . also , 15 was not an unusual age for a girl to be married even as recently as ... so i have been trying to understand infj judgment . i feel that this happens to me in certain difficult situations ( i . e . , i'm reading things into people's behaviors much against my own will ) . there ... it kind of amazes me how dark jim henson's movies tend to be . he's not really just the all-sunshines-and-roses hippie you'd think ... but perhaps most hippies aren't that either . :) i would advocate that this song is about seducing her . i think it really seems particularly sexual in nature ... as the world falls down there's such a sad love deep in your eyes . a kind of pale jewel open and closed within your eyes . i'll place the sky within your eyes . i recently got into labyrinth again after having been away from it for awhile . after seeing it again , i was surprised by a lyric that said as the pain sweeps through , makes no sense for you , every ... so ... i've been kind of having an issue . i like a guy who is in a relationship , but i became emotionally attached before that relationship started . the thing is he kind of seems ambivalent about ... i feel like much of this kind of thing is intuitive , i would tell you to aim more for feelings than for strategy without specific instances . every relationship is an opportunity for trial and error ... i think what i was suggesting was somewhat different than what you were saying . of course , i realize when i say the word seduce alarm bells go off , but there really is no better word for it . i am ... i'm guessing at the context here , but you could try wanna help me do ___ ? and then wait for them to finish their answer . they might just be thinking out loud , and haven't gotten to the part ... well there are things in here that remind me of myself . so just going on what i would do: - i say flirty things like nicknames just to be fun and appealing , but people that i have had close , ... someone once told me that the kind of company i crave is that which stretches me personally . so hence , i find myself frequently lonely because i feel like i can't relate to the people i'm around . ... i feel that i have the best luck finding groups of people working on projects to hang out with kind of useful . i would avoid becoming too versed in any ideological-based group , but you could ... yep . until i learned about my personality type , i was very worried about this . growing up in a highly enforced social culture , my reluctance to socialize greatly distressed the asian side of my ... flag i think is drier than phoenix . partially the heat allows phoenix to retain some humidity and i suspect that the number of swimming pools in the valley contribute . but when it precipitates , the ... ya ... arizona has some issues , let me tell ya . the heat doesn't help either ... at least in phoenix . but i dislike northern az being the opposite extreme . yeesh . valandis i really like utadu hikaru , and asian pop in general . i'm always amazed by how beautiful the lyrics are , sometimes even abstract , the asian music i tend to hear . it's taken me a very ... awesome songs , guys ! i kind of want to make a playlist of these ... also ... idahoans in arizona are always so nice ... some of my ancestors have their homestead in bc , but my dad's family is from idaho ... anybody think they've got a theme song ? i found mine just a couple weeks ago . daylight by matt and kim . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WgBeu3FVi60 ... just wanted to point out that that whole thing was pretty much a joke ( except what was in parentheses ) . i'm a pretty darn straight hetero female myself . i was trying to use my identity in a ... in your opinion , is the universe more chaotic or orderly ? identify , then discuss . : happy : as an infj , i'm pretty cool that ista and i will likely not be either lovers or best friends because of what has been stated thus far . my idealism says that i really shouldn't want to limit my ... clevernessofme wait a second . are you using korean character crying faces or am i just imagining it ? no , thankfully . someone up here showed me a picture of like 5 of them on the floor of their dining room in their house in gilbert . we get more weird-ass bugs that i would have no idea where to ... i've heard this mentioned from several people that shane seems arrogant . somehow i don't think that's the whole story . i have been told that i seem arrogant , but when i have been accused of ... wow . northern az here . it's 37 degrees tonight ... whereabouts in az ? ( generally speaking ) so far , know i've been attracted to enfp , and isfj . there may have been an infx , enfx , and ixtx ... i think ... spring where i live is gale-force winds and often persisting winter cold just prior to summer in mid-may . though this year , the wind and cold have lasted till even now . other than that ... i ... meted one of my closest friends is an infp . the relationship is bizarrely easy . atoms aster stape loser ( nothing personal ) ;) seals also i feel that i should add , that i don't really find much of life really boring but am trying to recognize that that might matter to you . the one enfp i knew seemed to have a chronic need for ... '