' the cigarette at some point in time lived a rude cigarette . he spat , he swore and had poor etiquette . he was given the petname of cancer-stick , the mere scent of him made kids love me because i'm weird , bubbly and mischievous ... and they probably love me just as much for being a pushover and not at all authoritative . i was a grade 2 french immersion teacher's ... woah felt like i was reading my own personal description : crazy : do you have trust issues with people ? how open are you with other people about your private life and secrets ? how open are people with you ? i trust people too easily but will sometimes ... it's not even that i have racing thoughts and can't sleep ( although that happens sometimes ) . i just preoccupy myself with things like watching movies or reading or chatting or being on the computer ... 1 . ) manipulators ... okay , sometimes . but i do it sweet as sugar so you get stuck in ma honeyyy : laughing : 2 . ) suffers from attention deficit disorder diagnosed with it when i was younger ... ahahah just can't get around to throwing that stuff out eh ? yep , there's always better things to do ... like how i have an english essay to write . i've been trying to start it for four hours and i ... why are you still awake and how are you still alive ? do you ever listen to things you say you fucking weirdo stop lurking you know just what to say to make me feel better freak ( this is ... you know you're an enfp when you're a disaster of a human being with no concept of time or organizational skills . my room is chaotic and my purse is home to about 30 gum wrappers . maybe that's just ... red and green ! but not together because that's awkward . thanks ! might not be that long of a time though , the new microphone and cam are awesome . thanks ! :) and sure ! always down for a duet : tongue : got any videos ? this is my cover of total eclipse of the heart ! i know - i'm lame . but in love with my new mac book pro eee http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z7pMAVkq1sI you're right about weed . gah , and there's the social anxiety that comes after smoking when you're with alot of people . it's become less of a social activity for me - now it's just kind of a personal ... i've been smoking weed almost every day for over two years . sometimes i love the feeling but other times it feels very repetitive and i hate how lethargic it makes me feel . alcohol is great . and ... yep , lol i often think about that kind of stuff . it's pretty interesting actually . we're hairless , strange looking apes that drive around and have thought up all sorts of interesting ideas . we're ... hehe me too . i preferred concerta over aderall and ritalin . i hate having enemies almost as much as i hate confrontation . i don't really have any enemies right now for personal reasons , there's like one girl i can think of who hates me ... we used to be really ... yes i was actually just going to start a thread about this . if for whatever reason i am forced to go too long without making plans or seeing friends i start feeling a bit depressed ... then that ... i am a night owl and run on very little energy ... though i'm somehow always energetic . it probably affects my memory though :( i've gotten into the habit of going to sleep at 3 am and waking up ... mmmm adam lambert * * jizzes so hard it coats four walls and the ceiling i'm playin ' foo , i'm playin ' ! ! ! : crazy : oh i'm so glad i'm not alone . since 2006 i've had 3 ipods stolen because i've left them lying around or left my purse open ... i lose my phone at least once a month . this month it was on the subway ... lyrics are pretty important but nothing does it for me like the melody . geeeze why on earth would i hurt you dear rube ? D: aw hahaha somehow your profile picture goes really well with what you just said ... like it's just really easy to imagine you posing that way ... i'm a leo ... raeeeor . yeah ! i wonder why . i don't really believe in horoscopes but i kind of hoped there would be more of our kind . : sad : you've read my mind ! ' the way i am ' is one of the songs i wanted to cover next after total eclipse of the heart and your daddy's son shankyouuu :) fine frenzy ... never heard them before ! but i'll look em up here's a temporary fix , qol ! http://www.pornhub.com just noticed what your mood is set to , i'm lawlin ' i'm heterosexual but slightly bicurious so that was a turn on . always ! i think it's absolutely ridiculous to say life doesn't exist on other planets . trillions of planets and no life ? idiotic and ignorant , in my opinion . lmao just recently a friend and i ... what's your current mood ? : shocked : : blushed : hot tings right thur . hehehe puns . :p roud : thanks alot ! i have considered them , i'll take some vocal lessons at university next year and keep doing musical theatre , etc . i also love guys with musical talent ... makes ... wow , just read through that two page conversation about me . lol . for the record y'all , i'm seventeen . i'll be eighteen in august . not sure what else to say here ahhaha i could see myself being that kind of parent when i'm older . i'll probably always be a kid at heart and i already act this way around kids - i'm doing a coop program and am a teacher's assistant in ... thankyou ! nope , that's my uncle , he's an amazing pianist . my dad has no musical talent whatsoever lmao thanks ! lol you don't have any pictures : frustrating : you're automatically beautiful because regina spektor is beautiful ! awesome ! ! love all of these . me in a nutshell : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZWbw-ehE7Kk annddd love the song moondance , here's another vid . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-bODCPrBpok awww thanks rube ! you likewise look absolutely dashing in your mime attire : wink : oh man ! and i thought my measly 5000 was a large number of songs . i don't have a specific preference in genre . basically whatever sounds good to me , i like ! :p roud : some notable bands for me : ... oh man ! and i thought my measly 5000 was a large number of songs . i don't have a specific preference in genre . basically whatever sounds good to me , i like ! :p roud : some notable bands for me : ... lol imagine being a neked sleeper-sleepwalker . oh the hilarity that would ensue .  ... or not ensue . hmm . : mellow : thanks ! :) lol if there's ever a super-meet for enfps , hoollla atchur girl . ps serendipity is a kickass word . one of my faves actually . hahah that's interesting ! people have told me in the past that i look like her , might have been my old haircut though . http://i301.photobucket.com/albums/nn80/Slurzzz/IMG_3948contrast.jpg i have a similar situation . my mother has always had anxiety and personality issues which , when i was younger , affected me . she became severely depressed several years ago and it's helped teach me ... hey y'all . just curious to see what kind of sleepers you are ! do you require alot of sleep ? how many hours do you usually get ? do you like sleeping ? any other interesting bed time quirks ? do ... '