' i like this from above post : some quotes about him and how he sees his work : * ? all those years of my life , all those pages of brilliant but often uneven prose , all this mind-bending if ... also in interview he says - what of real power , allocation of weather , economic questions , how to rule a kingdom to best interests of the people . interest in power and ruling real economic problems ... please continue i love reading this thread to understand all i know again is not infp . and thinker . and applying my i'll experiences with many people i come across . sorry if i'm not too scientific ... i'm only in season one . i avoid watching tv . instantly i felt connected . i felt exposed . i feel young jon sno and dragon lady are infj . i can feel the burning mission . kind of like a jesus ... i wish i could be friends with this infp . my approach with him was all wrong . i showed him the full energy of my personality and where my intuition was going . i new immediately the value of his ... i shouldn't throw stones . i'm selfish too . i woke up this morning . the pain has stopped and i got a message figuring out why i had 3 negative encounters withe infps . i am greatful to them . and they ... definitely not infp . as prior post , why not infj wish i had this . would be a dream . my sister istj has this gift . it keeps stupid people away from her , like energy suckers , people who want to talk about themselves , etc . as infj i'm plagued with ... fantastic experience if you ask a question and wait for them to open up . it's amazing how different they see things . i like their true stoic nature also i mean the male istp . they take a while to ... ah ! when i have time i'll post this in infj forum to get help on how to heal . infj in developing stages is selfish too , but there is a growth and transformation aspect to the infj , a desire to change , and perhaps test their own beliefs because they want to see others smile and ... i never hate . i always lead with love . people turn me onto flirting with hatred when they act hateful towards me . infp issues always . learning the patterns to avoid this in the future . it's so much ... yes . i've found that thinkers are incredibly loving inside , and just process feelings differently . i imaging being with the right person would cause some walls to break down and cause confusion . i ... istj pretty damn selfish too , but i can see the logic in it , and i respect it and their decisions . i can see why they are the way they are interacting with people for certain purposes in their life ... infp , 100 % percent desire for the self alone . all activities and thoughts about themselves . and because of this for me so simple to read them . thats where the problem starts . im a strong intuitive ... infj , depending on meaning or connection to it an infj may be able to pick up on the energy of the words and context please stop feeling your own feelings . just open up to hearing his and seeing wored how he sees it , then go from there . it's tough to relate as an infj but this has helped me a lot . to just be quiet ... sorry enfp , this computer spelling corrector is annoying very obvious . enfp will be all about me , feelings and relationships . and ask questions which are about others , but really all about me , experiences . my female enfp has an attention problem she ... don't worry all infps i know are wealthy academics . keep on plugging away until you find right career . or go into business yourself . i know an infp that's good with computers . intellect is most ... i've got to keep track of this . i can be too immersed in thought if i allow it . i can fake being attentive . but most of the time i try to be in real time relating to people around me . it's like a ... yes , i encounter this often . intellectual armor of some sort is needed to fit in and be relevant i suppose in a society where brainy ness is valued . some people in feeler group believe their inner ... 95 % in infj forum . i don't feel understood elsewhere . even if i long to get answers elsewhere i find it's not the same environment . there seems to be no room for my feelings or to be heard ... karma will adjust this ultimate manipulator's experience . i'm just now moving on he cut me off long before he told me he did and was just sticking around for i don't know what maybe it made his ego ... yay thanks for your kindness . more details on what happened - he is looking for a lady to do specific sexual things that i'm not into . so he stood at a distance judging me . i'm used to this because ... why would anyone amazing like me ? i don't know why i still move forward in situations without considering the obvious answer to the question . which is never going to happen . even if it does i'm too ... i'm back to say i still feel sad . i'd better not pursue a conversation in istj forum they tend to not be happy with too many emotions and sadness . looking back istj man would have dumped me either ... it was nothing just an online thing . i made the mistake of being really interested more than he was . i was told that isn't a good thing . i'll just continue posting on infj venting thread on how crappy i feel about this situation and how i'm never going to find someone nice again . i know istj doesn't really respond well to my sadness ... i suppose other than making myself into an enfp i wouldn't get to be with an istj it seems . thank you for being caring about my sadness . he actually said many things . about how he's so attracted to me and how he was so lucky to find me and we connected irl too . so the abrupt change he had ... strangehours when on a path toward self discovery there is always the door open to not like what is found . i'm walking through it . it would be better to be on a path of avoidance like about 95 % of ... i think intj's are amazing . world domination isn't exactly a negative thing . i know an intj who built a real philosophy group irl that is now going on world wide . being able to unfold and plan and ... i'm cheering myself up with classical music . i find it helps me a lot . i'll just continue on my crappy spiritual path helping others along the way and not getting any help in return and prepare to be alone for the next 20 years of my life . i hate being infj . i hate all of the men i attract . i hate being a mystery to myself and to others . i hate that i'm defective inside because i'm mentally ill and that means that i attract that in ... i'd better get out of here the posting style really reminds me of him i'm not ready to see any of it yet i suppose it's upsetting . it's unfair i see with my sister and my dad the istj type is well ... coldnobility i know you are right . he always used to do that too all of his messages were so brilliant and concise and well thought out . he would write in one line sentences not emotional blobs like ... i'm tired of emotional men and taking care of people i wanted to be special and taken care of for once . i'm not sure how to change to get that type of experience and become more valuable . it's like i ... yeah i've had no choice but to move on . i just wanted someone like him to like me back so it's difficult . that's life i suppose maybe some pointers on how to interact with this personality type in a ... maybe i talked to much or interacted with him too much . he said he liked talking to me ? and getting messages from me ? i guess since i'm not working right now i fell into that bad habit . maybe i ... he's arabic culture so likely he has lots of family stuff to do . he's divorced and living by himself he spends his time watching tv and likes to be alone . why would it sound like he liked talking to ... i went online onto this dating website for the first time and i was lucky enough to connect with a capricorn istj he was everything i was looking for we met he said that i'm pretty and cute and good ... no . i don't think that is nice . but of course there have been slips here and there . thank you for writing this another lost cause . i could totally see this happening . i know my personality is not stable i've been told . but my infj bestie is completely happy she married another ... didn't read the books i'm sure something else could be happening there . i read the first three pages of the red book and figured i didn't want to spend that much time on the rest but may pick it up ... depends on the infj and his or her life goals at the time and reason for relationship . so many relationships are painful lessons . and some are love matches for long term . keeping busy with projects ... so excited to see infj characters on tv or in movies . it warms my heart ! dany will change though and has to as she enters the game and rises in power . someone likes us , somewhere . and finds us ... i'm a late bloomer here . i don't watch too much tv . bear with me i saw for the first time the beautiful mythical infj character khaleesi . she is complicated dragon mom , her fire is out of control and ... i wonder how a man can be sensitive and caring in one moment . and then totally insensitive and uncaring , unresponsive to the same person . learned my lesson about relying on a man . never again . '