self-deprecating humor is always fun , isn't it ? do you know what i have to tolerate in wyoming ? people think it is humorous to hang large fake testicles from their trailer hitch of their truck or suv . i kid you not . i'd like to go around town and ... i love this response , spot on for me ! i dislike summer with the heat and the sun beating down on you . give me a cloudy cool fall day and i'm a happy camper . mostly sarcastic and dry for me . my humor isn't always obvious , it sometimes takes a few seconds for you to realize what i said if they ever get it all . i think i'm clever as hell and it is ... lux , welcome , i hope you enjoy it here ! i consider myself to have some of this ability as well . i cannot think of a single specific example i can give you . i think it really helps me in my profession ... i would be horrible at poker . regardless of the type of emotion i am experiencing , i cannot hide it . being late is a huge one for me . people who interrupt during conversations people in audiences who are not attentive and distract others laziness gossiping people who are generally ... get grocery shopping and cleaning done . do stuff around the house and try to enjoy the peace and quiet of being home . but it is something i actually need to change . as my 2 y / o gets older , i want to ... i like to debate , but i think you are right on . so many people are black and white or close minded , that they refuse to acknowledge the possibility of a viewpoint other than their own . thus , debating ... what a fun question . now i'm trying to scan my memory for all of these past crushes ... interesting thread . i'm a probation officer with a criminal justice degree . my original plan was to become a cop , but i fell into this profession . as in any profession , there are good and bad ... i love handing candy out to kiddies . need to carve our pumpkin this weekend . we'll take our 2 - year-old to some family member's homes in his costume then come home and give out candy . a live in a ... lmao ... heaven help you if that libido becomes unrepressed ! great thread . i have three things : 1 ) go into the kitchen of a restaurant and cook my own hamburger ... haha 2 ) i'm definitely anal when it comes to driving . when people speed , make illegal ... i feel like part of my purpose is to help others and make a difference . i've never thought of it as my destiny , but they are probably one in the same anyway . despite being an introvert i cannot sit ... this is interesting . i'm fortunate to live in wyoming and live in the valley of a mountain range . i grew up in the mountains and love going up there . i don't have to go up to do anything other than ... i think the concept of revenge in unhealthy . i am against the death penalty . i do believe in punishment , but not eye for an eye revenge . wanting or needing revenge builds anger and only leads to ... detective goren ( vincent d'onofrio ) from law & order : criminal intent seems like an infj to me . http://i149.photobucket.com/albums/s41/wyo1234/n905970286_4953666_1047.jpg it just don't get any sexier than that ... hahaha : shocked : ... there are sure some attractive injfs here . you ladies are gorgeous ! i was so painfully shy around girls in high school it took all i had to find the muster to ask someone out on a date my senior year . never went to any of my proms . didn't date in two years of college ... 2004 blue ford 4-150 crew cab . my wife just got an ' 09 toyata venza that i enjoy driving . pretty sharp , sporty car . i absolutely love politics . not crazy about the overwhelming majority of politicians at the moment , but that's another story . i consider myself a moderate who identifies more with republicans . i lean ... has to be an empathy test of some sort . maybe throw everyone in a large crowded room . if you don't feel awkward and leave in the first thirty minutes , you are outta here ! i knew it was a joke and thought it was funny . sorry if you misread my tone zomboy , i did not mean for it to come across that way at all . my sarcasm and self-deprecating humor might cause that ... do us puny minded simpletons not deserve a chance to continue on in this universe ? i love challenging popular notions that people have , especially when talking about politics or political issues . sometimes i might even agree with someone's point of view , but i will debate then on ... the mother ship is on its way ! : laughing : for the last year or two i have had this growing sense of pending doom . washington is in shambles . the economy is a mess . the middle east is a powder keg . i have a sense that in the next few years , ... haha ... that is awesome . though i'm new and haven't been here long , i'm greatly impressed with how supportive and polite is to everyone . ohhh ! ! ! very interesting to me that you said that . almost all of my friends are females . i would say i have two good guy friends . in comparison , i probably have about ten good women friends . the ... i was bullied most of school years for being overweight . started in elementary school and still occurred in high school . it had a profound impact on my trusting of people and my self-esteem . i also ... i really don't care about birthdays . maybe i did when i was younger , but i just don't care anymore . i hate being the center of attention at anything . i also hate surprises . my first wife threw me a ... my sunday school teachers in church did not like me . while everyone else was learning bible verses , i was asking questions like ... why is there not mention dinosaurs in the bible ... and ... if there ... i have not ... please explain ? i'm more spiritual than religious . i've kind of lost my way and don't know what i believe anymore . i want to believe there is something out there , i just don't know what it might be . i am a strong ... oopsie ... i put an album up on my profile page if anyone is interested ! : ) i do the same thing at times . as well , i've been searching for the same answer . that is interesting . i think i would fall into that category . it is much more comfortable for some of us to communicate behind a computer than will an actual person . while i'm typically pretty quiet ... in this economy , i almost think any of us with jobs should just be glad we have one . pardon my self-indulgence for a bit here . since i very recently found out i'm an infj , i wanted to talk about some of my habits and such and get some input from folks on whether or not i appear to ... i fear ...  ... never finding a way to successfully deal with my stress ... never being able to accept myself ... never being able to enjoy and love my life i'm glad for you that you aren't selling anymore . that had to be incredibly difficult . i couldn't imagine having to deal with all of the unpleasantries that you must hear from rude people . when i need comforted by someone close to me , i just want to hold them and have them tell me they understand or that it will be okay . that's it . that is just such a difficult question that probably only you can answer . i know waiting for me was horribly difficult . each person has to examine their own values and beliefs on whether or not we ... i work as a probation officer . started doing it at 28 and have done it for 11 years . it is a difficult job for me at times . it does enable the social worker in me to empathize and try to help those ... hey , that's much better than jabba the hut ! : ) today i forgot to do something before i left work early and my wife repeatedly tells me ... stop beating yourself up over that mistake . ummm thanks ... that helps . okay , maybe not so much . i obviously need to do some reading on this so i understand it better . does your cognitive processing change over time or is it more fixed ? yeah , i'm afraid of being mocked or scoffed at for announcing this . that is why i was wondering if validating it somehow might give it more credibility to those who might not understand .