' pinkbagel oh , yeah , a lot has progressed / since then maybe isfjs , istjs , estjs , and enfps the longest i've been single was approximately 18 years ( from birth basically ) . technically for about 2 years , but i don't count my first relationship as a relationship . i'd like to try this out red velvet : * * irene - isfj * * seulgi - istp * wendy - esfj joy - either entp or isfp * * yeri - esfp that's what i've always thought . in fact , maybe each type of intelligence ( or at least some ) corresponds with a function . like interpersonal is fe , bodily-kinesthetic is se , etc . animal + big * raises hand * i loved adventure time when it first came out . but as time went by , they didn't show it as consistently , you know , like when shows go on a hiatus . instead of waiting impatiently for new ... well there you have it , the entp forum has officially been invaded . your welcome : tongue :: proud :: cool : i'm not necessarily passionate about animals , but i am concerned about their well-being . i'm uncomfortable around some animals , especially the wild ones because they are so unpredictable . but even ... i'm turning 19 in about 3 months that's what i thought too at first too ( not specifically with the entp forum though ) . then i thought there were a few people in their late 20s / early 30s . but ... if i weren't as shy and new about a variety of more things , than i would probably talk all the time . unless it's something specific like what was stated about my type above , i'd use ne + my knowledge ... i wouldn't necessarily classify this as moral , but by no means , do i see this as immoral . it's a simple take and give situation . they take your space , but they give you money . you take their money , ... * invades * yeah , not really , invading's not my thing . but anyway , hello : kitteh : okay , i fixed it i've always tested as infp . the first time i was introduced to mbti at all , was on this website with a whole bunch of personality tests ( for fun ) . i was as simple as : i vs . e , n vs . s , f vs . t , p vs ... 442786 i looked nice today , so why not . also , i love this shirt ! : hearteyes : i actually don't want to be a stay at home parent , partially because i don't want to conform to traditional household gender roles . i don't want to have someone else be my main source of income , ... dear istp , i miss you , but i need to learn to live without you again . you'll be back before i know it , so i'll get through this . thank you for helping me feel better about this , i know you'll miss ... what are thooosse ? ? ! i value the opinion of others far more than my own has anyone typed miss a ? i'm not really into reading nor am i easily offended ( but i think this is due to maturity ) i've never experienced anything like that with myself or others , but i am an infp type 4 , so hopefully i can be of some help . does she have a hobby that could be her outlet for whatever is ... extps from my experience instead of giving a specific time , leave it up to him . ask when he's available to just talk , and explain that you think he's an interesting person and you want to get to know him better . if at any ... if you can , ask him ( on the side ) if he has anything to say about whatever the topic is . if he does , then you can reassure him that whatever it is he has to say is good enough to be said . if he does ... there was literally a thread like this a while back , but it involved all the mbti types . i forgot what the title was , but it was an interesting thread nonetheless . going on for 10 + pages if my ... same ! spread the love everybody ~ ! : kitteh :: laughing : this is why i like competing with others ( in academics ) . it's always been pretty easy for me to do school work , but unless the subject is something i'm genuinely interested in learning , i tend to ... i don't watch tv as often as i used to . the shows i do watch though , are : girl meets world devious maids south park steven universe and if they continued airing it : hollywood heights i'm no enfp , but we have the same functions so it shouldn't too much of a difference right ? this looks fun , is it : e and a respectively ? i don't know what the collective occupation of my type's head is , but certainly know what's in my individual head : - the kpop songs i like , playing throughout my day - my ideal ( far ) future ... even disliking someone takes a bit of energy out of me ( and i have disliked people before ) , so hating ? no thank you . it's hard for me to even dislike someone . i mean , i get upset with people but it ... nope when i first learned of my type , i was pretty insecure about myself . most of my family have little to no functions shared with me , so we never really understood each other . my social ... me : infp mother : intj 3w4 father : estp * aunt : entj 2w1 * uncle : estp 8w7 grandmother : isfj grandfather : estp ( i'm pretty sure ) * i'm not too confident with my typing in these wow , it seems ... infp female ( romantically ) - most attracted to : istp * , entj , enfj stereotypes - least attracted to : estp , esfj , estj stereotypes * this is bias a little , but whatever have you two met in person yet ? it's nice that you two took interest so soon , but it's a totally different when you're in person . if this ( and text , or any other non-direct form of communication ) is ... i'm not in a relationship with an isfj , but he's still a ti user ( istp ) , so i'm familiar with the fi-ti miscommunication as well . to answer your questions : 1 ) i haven't been in my relationship ... i'm a little over 5 ' 4 , but i'd be lucky if i reached 5 ' 5 . the women from my mother's side gets taller with every younger generation , and since i mostly inherited my mother's traits , it makes ( but ... i don't really get angry , but more so upset . sometimes , if my upset ( caused by a person ) begins to turn into anger , i'd want to get violent . but by the time i'm about to confront them , my rage ... irulee was the first username i ever used for an account . it was for this mmorpg game i used to play a few years ago . it's a combination of the letter i , the word rule , and the letter e for ... in one of my classes a few weeks ago , we did this activity where we would write a compliment about everyone in the class ( it was done so in a way that they were anonymous ) . when i got my paper back ... * double post * : frustrating : there's this thread that talks about the differences between entjs and intjs , if you haven't already gone through it , i'd suggest doing so . it has lot of posts since it's old , but the more sources ... extp type most likely to scare someone during a scary movie personal ~ * name - what do you preferred to be called ? - any nicknames ? my name is shamari , i don't like having nicknames * male / female / trans ? i am a female location - where were you ... maybenexttime um ... wow , that's very specific ... grandalf infj for both ( though i'm not confident with the first scenario ) type most likely to become a famous singer off of a youtube video i'm in my first semester of college at the moment . so far , it's been pretty good . the only thing that i'm struggling with is my tuition ( i have a balance , but i'm resolving it now ) . the first half of ... my cause is the improvement of education . since it's mandatory to attend school in the us ( where i live ) until the age of 16 , children spend most of the developing part of their lives in school . if ... dear istp , thank you for being such great friends . you're always there to help in any way you can , if i need it . you guys are so funny and cool in your own way . you have such interesting ... '