' i am a 14 year old boy , and a high school freshman . i have two older brothers , one born in 1992 ( 10 years older ) and the other born in 1995 ( 7 years older ) . the oldest one moved out in december and ... i don't care if it's flirting or bullying , it makes me uncomfortable and pissed off , and i'm straight ! i'm a boy , and i just remembered now he's bi : 0 but that doesn't mean he can just take my stuff and then touch me . i don't care what your orientation is , don't touch me unless your my friend ! oh , thanks ! :) thanks , but the thing is i don't even have a lot of pencils . before he came along , i had 6 . now i have 3 . plus , the pencils he took were high quality . today i tried to trade 2 not as good mechanical ... so i'm a freshman in high school , and there's this one guy ( also freshman ) i met on the first day i came ( i started school 1 week late , it's a long story ) . he was in my 6th period english , and this ... i'm gonna try out for baseball ! the only thing is that i'm a boy . i just promoted from 8th grade 3 weeks ago and i'm going to start high school in less than 2 months . help for anything ? 1 . 13 years old ( turning 14 this year ) 2 . fremont , ca , usa ( east side of san francisco bay area ) 3 . i just promoted from 8th grade , going to the 9th this year . 4 . single ( too young to ... i always ask him why he never knows where the classes and he always says in a joking way , oh short term memory less . then he does his annoying sounding laugh . he can't have a disability because ... it's also weird because all the other tas in other periods i know . i mean all the other tas . it's not fair . he's not from a foreign country , he speaks perfect english , but then for no apparent reason he just uses some annoying accent . and at our school we've been writing the date like month / day / year for 3 ... so for my elective i am a ta ( teacher's aide ) for the office and my partner is really annoying me . he talks too much that it gets on my nerves , and whenever he reads any name from the book with ... i'm nervous , and at the same time i don't even want to do it . mario kart ds i forgot to put multiple choice for my pool , and i can't edit it . there should be something for editing poll options . thank you so much ! i am in the advanced math class and it's hard , but i can still keep an a + in it . hopefully it will help me in high school . also , i am a fast runner and i have a good mile time ( my ... oriental flavor top ramen ... i'm getting a cold . the giver by lois lowry ( in class ) having a combover , and when just going out still looking kind of in nice clothes , and with a kind of serious face , which is kind of me . i might like multiple girls ? help ? btw , i'm only in 8th grade so ... how can you get your post ranking up ? mario super sluggers and i just lost 😡 i keep saying that i'll do my homework at this time but then i eventually don't . and i'm doing this right now . how do i stop procrastinating ? ? maybe just about all of those . :p any tips on high school ? it's because i'm going to start 9th grade 7 months from now , and i know high school is going to be worse than middle school . if only ned made a high school guide ... '