' don't you have fun flirting ? i don't associate lol with someone actually laughing and thus prefer roflcopter to underline this absurdity . how about none ? the only thing that can improve yourself is yourself and not some classification . i thought the same about a girl a year ago . she even admitted , that we would match and had some feelings for me - but not the right ones . i activly tried to find something negative about her ( i even ... made my day . :) i don't know , if i would be labeled a buddhist and i don't care . for me , faith is not something to be learned - it's something to be experienced . if you are searching for inner peace , you might ... i don't see the op as a guide on how to get da ladies or an advise to be someone else . i think it's more about giving ideas to help differing ones self from manifested thoughts or even habits . it's ... for me , the fear to hurt him implies that you think that he can't handle the truth . be honest and give him real [ ! ] reasons . i got something , what was supposed to be a rejection last year . i ... you don't need to answer , but these questions came to my mind : do you feel like fear sometimes blocks your curiosity ? if you trust your sister to be safe : why don't you trust yourself ? reading bagos post : it would have helped me , if i had someone to ask more thoughtful questions without putting pressure on me . so my thoughts ran in circles less . writing things down helped a lot . i am / was in a quite similiar situation . as i didn't want to hurt or expose her , i still didn't tell anyone why i'm convinced that her current relationship won't last longer than three years in total ... thanks for the hint , but i don't even have a twitter or facebook account and the financial part was more of a joke . ;) i haven't even considered to take should a cloud replace a compass ? ... i think , if you care about someone , you somewhat distrust in their ability to care about themselfes . this verdict may be right in some situations but it most definitly is not right all the time . yea , i had the album on repeat yesterday through elephants at the door | bad panda records . i even consider buying the vinyl . so thanks for threatening my financial situation . :D to share ... some posts here read like excuses . :) i don't use it , because i don't want to . i don't need friends who are incapable of staying in touch with me without using facebook . there still are phone ... i wish you'd have spread the song over more posts , so i could thank you multiple times for sharing it here . :) i assume nothing , because i honestly don't care . if it were important , they'd try again . i can relate - my enlightenment was even later than yours . ;) a main problem for me was , that my parents let me be a leech on their wallet . if they themselfes were more authoritarian , i most ... it's not all good . sometimes i feel bad for extrating joy out of the incapability of those who need to yell . ;) i probably would be in a happy relationship , but she already choose to be in an unhappy one . ^ ^ my latest instant favorite is waking life . it's not a classical movie though . and speaking of lars von trier : dogville i usually am quite amused when being yelled at , because the other person is to weak to control himself / is unable to express authority without yelling . i think the problem is flunkyism . the people empathize because they are too lazy / frightened to have an own opinion . and hitlers problem was being an anti-alcoholic . ^ _ ^ i'm learning to not wear it , because i consider it a bad habit . of course there are situations , where i don't show myself but this is only necessary if the fear of others is involved ( regarding the ... i wore this mask a long time , too . like you , i tried avoiding beeing hurt . thus i was afraid of beeing hurt . but if you don't let others hurt you , there is no need to be afraid and you can take off ... for me the reason to wear a mask is fear . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e8H-hKorYyw the only thing we have to fear is fear itself . - franklin d . roosevelt never heard of him . ;) i'd like to point out , that there is a difference between alone and lonely . you can be alone without being lonely . i think feeling lonely is kind of the fear , that nobody cares about you . but if ... reminds me of this one : 34362 i think everyone dies alone . even romeo and juliett . that's nothing to be afraid of . i had this problem myself . it was mostly the fear to get dislikes from others which also lead to not being confident in my opinions / my skills . it helped to find out what makes me special to get rid ... some time ago xkcd published the idea of pointing cameras at the sky with a high distance between them and percieving the image of one camera with one eye and the image of the other camera with the ... durchaus , aber letztlich ist es ja ein öffentliches thema in einem englischen forum . wäre ja irgendwie unhöflich einen großteil der anderen beuscher dadurch auszuschließen , dass sie nicht verstehen , ... i'd most definitly stand out . ;) maybe primus - extinction burst ? doesn't fit 100 % , but it comes pretty close . ^ _ ^ i haven't read a lot of kant myself , but i think his works could help you . i had this problem myself a long time . you might have the subconscious imprint , that your parents would abandon you , if you told them what moves you and if you can't trust your parents , it's hard to ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FBLbrJxGtro&feature=list_related&playnext=1&list=AL94UKMTqg-9AY77MyztMzdgz6MbnN0Kz1 i think it's the fear of loosing your partner . find out , what the cause of this fear is and work on it . be glad that you have a cloud to fly through the world . with it you can bring color to the seemingly grey world . this isn't easy all the time , but i think it's worth it .  ... i think it's futile to try to fully understand reality . it's like trying to look through murky water - you won't be able to see everything of the ground . but you can get a stick and check the depth ... stop being awesome . this includes not becoming corrupted and not deceasing . i'm only 24 , but i'd like to share what i think is part of the core of becoming mature : don't be nice , because you think you should be . that's dishonest . be true to yourself and don't be ... he indeed gave meaning to his life by comforting her and she is thankful for it . i think it'd be greedy , if she wouldn't accept his death . primus - sgt . baker i don't think that life doesn't need a meaning . that'd be resigning to the fear of being incapable to live a meaningful life . but it's not needed to know the meaning beforehand . why'd you bother to ... it seemed like you tried to explain yourself with the help of the stereotypes . just wanted to go against this , because there are people who think idealizations are truth . ;) as every try to describe reality ( what ever that is ) , the typing of personalities is just an idealisation . other idealisations are for example science , religion or even our perception of said ... so you are searching for to conclusion of your live ? thats like reading a book from the back . ;) the whole of life is just like watching a film . only it's as though you always get in ten ... i embrace it . it helps me defining myself . of course it can also be a bit disappointing , if i can't find any meaning . this can be compensated by not activly searching . primus - here come the bastards '