' i tend to idealize it as magical but it's probably more the fact that i don't have to think about the connection , it just happens intuitively , subconciously ... the people i don't connect to far ... i love all these suggestions ! reaffirm who we are ... one of my best friends is good at this . she's very down to earth and often intervenes when i'm getting irrational or worried - using humor ... from my own experience , i appreciate it when a friend makes the first move when it comes to spending time together . i may show interest and approach them to talk but i'm sensitive about asking people ... i know quite a few nfs , but i have a hard time specifying beyond that . i know a girl who has tested both as an intp and an infp ... she's very kind and friendly but i find her a little mysterious and ... ideally i would actually love to bring all my individual friends and groups of friends together so we could all be awesome friends together . in reality it might not be that fun for everyone , even ... if i get a weird vibe from a person then i don't like them to touch me . for instance if i feel that they are insincere , or that it's for show i get annoyed and feel somewhat used . practice is helpful : ) i've gotten into the habit of talking out loud in the car when i am by myself , which not only helps sort my thoughts but is practice for actually talking to people . ( bonus , ... i feel like two different people , because when i'm relaxed i am the nicest person ... but when i get stressed it's a different story :-/ . i'm pretty sensitive so sometimes i don't even realize that ... it's ironic but not surprising that you want to help since you struggle with it yourself ! it is like an endless journey . but it's also nice that it's a process that happens over time and doesn't ... hmm howl from howl's moving castle severus snape the baron in the cat returns special agent aloysius pendergast from the book series . faramir from lotr sherlock holmes mr rochester ( in jane ... it was , thank you ! especially the part about finding your inner peace first . one thing that always got me when i was an extremely insecure teen was that i was too unhappy with myself to really enjoy ... looking over the other answers i can definitely relate . when i'm first in love i overlook a lot of important stuff . i really want to please them , i'm vulnerable ... messy , anxious , insecure ... i ... once an elderly woman came up to me and told me that i have haunting eyes . movies : the english patient leon : the professional nell ( 1994 film ) girl with a pearl earring ( the book as well ) the piano chungking express a little princess ( 90s version ) the silence ... it's the other way around for me . do you think it has something to do with early-life interactions with men and women / family members ? for instance , my earliest life experiences with females were way ... i knew there was a memo > _ < excessive pride in or admiration of one's own appearance or achievements . nah . but i'm very proud of the effort i make with my appearance , it's a way i express myself and show respect ... i'm enjoying reading through this thread ! i just earned a degree in studio art ( ceramics , photography and painting ) ... right now i'm a cashier in my small town ( i want to move on , though i love it ... hi everyone , i could use some advice and perspective , especially from older or more mature infps . first of all , i'd cautiously describe myself as fairly healthy infp emerging from an ... singlehood can be awesome . i think you have the right idea about it ! if anything being single is incredibly freeing . start doing the things you love and figuring out what is meaningful to you ... what ... it really depends on the situation and my mood . i've been described as refined and even mysterious a few times . honestly it's ridiculous but i kind of eat that crap up , i love being mysterious . i ... doing alright and i smile , or good , thank you i've been on the other side where i'm the one asking . it makes me sort of nervous when people go beyond something polite and simple .. i think my best friend is an enfj / maybe esfj ... it's hard to tell , she's pretty much a 2 as far as socionics go . alot of my friends are enfps , infjs , esfjs .. a couple infps : laughing : this was the first thing to pop into my mind it does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live , remember that . - albus dumbledore . i think dreaming is wonderful in a lot of ... 1 . what is the best way to initially connect with you ? i connect well with people who are open and friendly right off the get go . having something in common to talk about always helps , so when i ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cl5cR6gnnXo i don't know if i've changed personalities ... but my idea of myself has changed in many ways : - ) but i never experienced a major change in preferences like that . i did go through a difficult time in ... no . i how would i connect with people if i was so different ? it seems like a bad idea to have so much power without a lot of self control and wisdom . i had an entp ( i think ) roommate for a semester - it was sort of exhilarating to have someone so direct and blunt around . and we both had weird senses of humor ... so we got along . 77 . i guess some of those could have been 5s though if i was really honest :-P you remind me of my second cousin lol ^ ^ i do this with everything , especially with cars , to the point where some cars are just really annoy me . i despise gloomy looking headlights ... and trees ... i grew up with a field behind ... well , old boyfriend actually ; ) i'm curious here is a description , what's your opinion on his type ? speaks his mind pretty easily - pretty open and blunt cares for his appearance - ... i had a professor who said we don't fall , we climb into love . which blows my mind and inspired my views on that : ) the adaptability of the human soul .. it's romantic but not very realistic ... : ( but then i think it's possible for you to become soul mates with someone , like your souls sort of adapt and grow into it ... gah i sound like an infp .. yes , especially of people i see as underdogs / minority / vulnerable . i hate seeing parents treat their children with unnecessary harshness . and i'm also a bit jealous of my good friends and siblings - ... if it has to do with conflict or ( possibly ) hurting someone's feelings i tend to resort to a watered down version of my feelings ... or not at all , it just depends . otherwise i'm pretty expressive to ... yeah , around guys who like me ( when the feeling isn't mutual ) . it's something i'm working through , but i get irrationally panicked , and it's hard to control my feelings . any tips for dealing with ... i touch my face and arms and hair constantly in conversation - it must be so distracting for the people talking to me i want people to perceive me as refined but approachable - so i try to reflect that in what i wear . i was very insecure in college and went over the top to stand out as an artist * cringe * but i still ... i think i was quite sweet as a kid , but dreamy might be a bit much , i had an intensity and seriousness about me . we have home videos of me being silly , but also videos of me intently drawing pictures ... this is not a serious answer , but this reminded me of yesterday when i was coming up with a list of friends and family to send letters out to . i had spent the morning by myself reading and thinking , ... these are great ideas ! some things that have helped me : distancing myself from my emotion , for example : i have feelings of despair / sadness / worthlessness i need to deal with . rather than i am ... ha no reason , just i'm not into that stuff * shrugs * i think some people * sort of * avoid me , yes . or at least they don't actively try to come into much contact with me . i've realized that some people just aren't as comfortable around quiet ( and ... i feel bad ... i've tried to get several of my friends into it ! > _ < ( perhaps they feel the same way ? ) hm . people who assume because i am soft spoken and reserved that i am naive and childlike , craving meaningful deep conversations and having few people to have these conversations with , i'm out with ... at age 10 i realized that i was nearly grown up and that my life was essentially meaningless . like i was terribly depressed , and that was frightening and painful because i couldn't verbalize it to ... thank you for seeing me , you were the first boy i fell in love with . i was that silly shy younger kid who sort of stalked you . and although i think you knew it , you never led me on , rejected me ... i like scents that remind me of being a little kid like dandelions and queen anne's lace flowers , freshly tilled dirt , sweet hay ... can you tell i grew up in the country ? '