' or , perhaps , he's waited for you to open the door again while you're focused on the wall . screaming at a wall gets you nowhere , but walking up to a door , open or not , leads to possibility whether ... https://youtu.be/sImsoOsFKRk?t=3m21s i worded it differently from them , but the message is there . * zoidbergs out of the room yes ? you rang ? yes , i am full of something . right to the brim . it's called emptiness . some things to keep in mind when it comes to this : 1 . ) meditation takes various forms . you may be the kind to sit silently in a room with no noise , or you may be one to sit in the noisiest room ... the first time i wound up bawling my eyes out to admitting it . i was 18 , she was 17 . and it was at a playground that we said it . we argued , though intelligently , and were seemingly opposite in ... mine would definitely read welp ... i'd also have solar panels hidden and hooked up to sensors to set off a speaker that shouts hey you assholes ! i'm still alive ! dig me up motherfuckers ! ... today , i'm not in pain . i don't want to explain it here in exact detail , but i let go of a bunch of mental mess in order to accept some things . i decided i'd rather hold onto those instead of getting ... i wish my brain didn't have to be confined to a long series of damning notebooks . seems it's only a place where i write down thoughts and feelings that eventually die , to be looked at and for me ... something along these lines . i accept that i have emotions , whether good or bad , and take a step back to look at the situation in order to determine what the best action would be based on my ... courage . without that there is no reason to push forward into the unknown when full of fear . another thing is something i've adopted into my life recently : my whole life has led up to this ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NojkzbVhXwM story time . in a wasteland sat a lone pillar , and on that pillar a man . the steel chains embedded into his flesh and the steel rods in his shoulders have been there so long they had become a part ... in my management class today something strange happened . we were supposed to work as a team to be efficient and make a structure tall out of things like pipe cleaners , cardboard tubes , egg crates , ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D_Y1RcaBOYk http://i.imgur.com/6cLnbmn.jpg?1 couldn't think of one to search . note : not an artist . thoughts led to this song popping up : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_UgSE4uKuTg lol i may have more homework to do now . my chef and i had another discussion the other day about this place . i said something simple like it seems they don't want to invest in things and ... well , my fears have been recognized and are now coming to fruition . people where i live don't want me around as a chef due to lack of experience on paper ( the amount of time they ask for is high ) ... i have come to another conclusion to a series of thoughts.enough people can agree we have ego . this is our driving force because we all want . however , in wanting we tend to ignore other things ... on the beds of rusty nails lay the ones to save us all from the plains with auburn skies is the place from which we call hard to breathe , hard to see red growing in the distance so , my ... guitar is # 1 , then piano , then violin . not many people seem to like throwing the 3 together though while keeping a metal sound . had to dig for that . either the ability to control time ( with the added benefit of anyone touching me to be affected too ) or the ability to control metal with my mind . both would be cool . i can pop around time doing ... as i sit shivering from being outside for a smoke , i'm now on a couch in what i dub my thinking corner . i can't help but wonder ... what was it like when this area was all trees ? was there such a ... that i'm fucked up and sometimes go a little mad from stress , but in sharing that info i'm not comparing pain , grabbing for pity , or anything of the sort . just letting you know why it's the case . ... i fear what the internet has done to us as a species and whether or not it will be used as a tool to bring us together to share perceptions and our lives or if it'll continue to be a domain for ... can't tell if trolling or not . if not , then keep this in mind : if someone is being a douche they're most likely already suffering . just gotta close one eye and step to the side . on a side note : ... i'm tired of bitching like there's a solution or like things can be fixed . they can't . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O2W9Cizrtpw i understand that ladybugs are supposed to be one of my totem animals and symbolize luck ...  ... but why do they keep coming into my room to die ? i offer my hand to them , but they can't climb on ... this whole quantity over quality thing that's still happening these days continues to piss me off . eh i love when you want to post something to get it off your mind and help relieve some of the pressure on your life but it's too long and you run out of time . i just want relief , but i guess i have ... hdjdhdbjdhdgsjdbdidhgsjddid this week just needs to be over already . too many assignments and quizzes lumped together plus valentines dinner . on the plus side , though , the stress relief makes ... i'm starting to wonder how exactly lack of sleep affects me . this is now day 4 of going on 4-5 hours of sleep but my mind seems more focused on ideas and possibilities compared to worrying over oh , ... people continuously say that it's going to be fine and show confidence in me . hell , i even feel it in my gut . so then why does my brain go to those places and why do i have difficulty trusting ... yaaay not only do i get to go into work even earlier than before but i guarantee you i'll be there late too . you know . because people love being out late on heart day . i just hope there's some ... yes , professor , having class in the middle of a snowstorm that hasn't stopped yet seems like a great idea . just think of how the commuters will be educated ! :d ry : if this wasn't my last semester i ... it ain't over till it's over 478266 4782 58 there you go 478242 there you go hcjdnfbdfkgbddrixfjcbjgfufddicjshdbdhdjfbdjfbdhdvdhudbddjfhsixbdjfjdbdidh on the plus side , i mash buttons so often autocorrect on my phone now recognizes it and is all did you mean ... took the personality test again just for shits and giggles . 94 % introverted 67 % intuitive 81 % feeling 81 % judging seems i still belong here . well , today was a day that the chef , grill guy , and dishwasher saw a side of me i wish they didn't . had to go in early because the sous chef was so slow with prep on my station that the morning ... eugh . no matter what i do to try and avoid it or fix it , it seems that button will always be pressed . yes , that button . the one that states specifically do not press . probably doesn't help that ... how dare you stumble around in the dark ? do you think you are better than us ? no , i am simply waiting for an answer https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d1-uICLQwlM sarcasm ? the hell is that ? i don't think i use it . i signed up to be a donor , but at this point they might receive damaged goods . i don't intend on dying anytime soon anyways . besides , if i die then maybe it'll mean my heart , brain , and gut will ... '