' i'm type 9 and people in my family ( who aren't gut-types ) sometimes complain that i ' don't think ' . i do feel like i don't really ' think ' about certain actions - - i just do them , almost automatically ... i relate to anne of green gables and anakin skywalker . and probably more characters that i can't think of right now . :) i am an incredibly slow eater . :'D it's funny , because my mum is the exact opposite . i like to savor my food and avoid choking on it . i had a lot of nightmares when i was little . i became scared of sleeping because of them . luckily now i don't dream anymore ( or at least i don't remember if i dream ) . i've recently gotten into star wars and i feel like i really relate to anakin skywalker ( not the vader persona ) , for all that he's a walking human disaster . we're both extremely emotional and ... temizzle : sorry but i'm pretty sure they aren't completely separate characters . their overall personalities may be different , but they are still the same person . i also don't buy that they have ... also , it seems like people have considered every enneagram type except type 9 for anakin . personally i think he's type 8 , but what's the reasoning behind him not being type 9 ? i got ravenclaw just now ... but i was sorted into slytherin years ago on pottermore . can i just be listed as being in slytherin ? i'm quite partial to slytherin , and the sorting hat does take personal ... i just did an enneagram test for anakin's personality and got type 8 . i know the tests aren't that accurate but it's a starting point . i've been seeing a psychologist to help me deal with some emotional problems i have at the moment , and during one session she suggested that i keep a thought record to help me change the way i think ... i dream of being a novelist . :) part of me likes the idea of being famous , but another part shies away from it , because i don't want to be in the spotlight , and i like more the idea of being in the ... awesome idea ! :) here's my goodreads account . please feel free to add me ! he's definitely not fi-dom . i don't think he would've been swayed so easily if he was an fi-dom . i haven't seen the prequel trilogy so i'm afraid i don't have much to add to this discussion . but , i do think that he has fi and is a sensor , at least in the prequel trilogy . edit : also , anakin ... so , i've gone through your list and i saw a lot of te and si , but hardly any fe and no ti . hope this helps ! :) how are you like when you're stressed ? that's when the inferior function can be seen . if you figure out your inferior function then you can figure out your dominant function too . also , ne ... i know i've already typed myself , but i'm really curious to see what someone else might type me as and why . :) 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , ... yikes ... i didn't think a personality typing test would ask anything like this ! esfp has the function stack se-fi-te-ni . se = extraverted sensing fi = introverted feeling te = extraverted thinking ni = introverted intuition i think i've seen enough to pin-point a personality type . i'm going with infp , with enfp ( because they are the most introverted extraverts ) and isfp being possible alternatives . i hope this has ... you said that you'd be willing to set aside your morals in a grievous situation . fi-doms would never , ever think of setting aside their morals / values for anything . maybe you could tell us ... i agree with unicornrainbowlove . you're probably enfp . my interpretation is that you're either an istp or intj . from what i've read i can tell that you definitely have se and ni and you're definitely an introvert . i suspect you have high ni but i'm not ... i love how complex clara is , even if her characterization is all over the place . :) have no clue what her type is though . i think it's probably either enfj or entp . i don't see se in rose . and , rose isn't in the ideas world ? she comes up with a lot of crazy ideas , and she improvises a lot of the time . she's also more aware of the consequences of her actions ... my typings : rose : enfp lissa : esfj dimitri : inxj christian : isxp adrian : esfp victor : xxtj tasha : exxp eddie : isfj janine : xstj okay , i've been watching anne and i'm starting to question my initial typing of anne as enfp . infp seems like a bigger possibility to me now . but ... i'm still torn . is it possible to be an introvert ... i'd love to have children one day . i'm not ready for it yet though , so it'll probably happen far into the future , if it happens at all . this reminds me of the twelfth doctor's am i a good man ? question in season 8 of doctor who . his answer : the doctor : i am not a good man ! and i'm not a bad man either . i'm not a hero . i'm ... i just started watching the new series anne , via online streaming . so far it's amazing ! :D it's an adaptation of anne of green gables by l m montgomery and it's overall a more realistic and darker ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1hNGj30peTs this song from rent gets me every time . :') the melody is so lovely to listen to and the lyrics are very meaningful and relatable . overall it's a very ... my mum's ( probably ) enfj . my sister's intp . my dad's estj . i'm infp . we've had some conflict , but never anything major . my mum and sister tend to clash the most , because my sister gets frustrated by ... i love life is strange ! :) it's one of my favorite video games . i love how character driven the story is , and how your choices have consequences that can affect you later in the game . i love ... i just ignore it . it's not personal , it's just something they do to get more likes . it doesn't matter to me either way--i'm just there to watch the video . i don't care much about shopping centres , or shopping in general . i'd go if i need to buy something , but i don't like going shopping just for the sake of buying something and i don't like to spend ... riddle of the ages . that's the only title i could come up with at this moment . yeah , i've heard fans say that they weren't as happy with season 2 , mainly because of the lack of intimacy between jamie and claire . i wasn't that happy with it either , because of the changes to the ... i'm infp 9w1 and i got sorted into slytherin . :D if i were you i'd leave and never look back . this relationship sounds really unhealthy . these lines that you wrote ( i hope you don't mind me posting them here ) really stood out to me : he just ... esfp https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T0mFVsvewrg i don't have a favorite character , but i'm really partial to house stark . :D has anyone else here seen outlander ? i was posting in an infp thread not so long ago and was so excited when someone posted a recommendation about the series . :) to be clear , outlander is about a ... go the chrestomanci series by diana wynne jones is set in a multiverse . it's about a powerful enchanter who is tasked with policing magic . it's considered a fantasy children's series but is suitable for ... i second the recommendation . :) outlander is a great series . it's based on a book series by diana gabaldon , and involves romance and time-travel and history . however there are graphic depictions of ... the premise of orphan black is intriguing , but i was never able to get into it emotionally . i really love sherlock though , and would recommend it to anyone . :) the first two seasons are great , ... here are my typings for atla :) the gaang aang : enfp . katara : esfj . sokka : entj ? toph : istp . here are my typings : team avatar korra : esfp . people here seem to have typed her as estp , but i don't see any ti in her at all . when in the show's entirety does korra express interest in how ... here are my favourites : legend of korra ( which i'm binge-watching right now ) . it's not without its faults , but i really love the world and characters in it . what i found so compelling about it was ... brightflashes i get your point . i've been rereading parts of daughter of the forest and sorcha as infp is very possible . i'm not sure yet if she is though . when i type a character , i first ... '