' infps i love my kitty cat . but i also love pretty much any animal so it isn't just cats . : redface : honestly , i'm not even sure what you're asking here ? you seem to just give a description of your dynamics with her . are you wondering why it is that way ? why she's hot and cold ? it could be ... 1 . finding work at this time isn't easy but it's entirely possible . 2 . start doing it now . you can even put in your two weeks and request that no more work be given to you so that you can tie up ... you seem really sweet . i don't think it's really something one gets over . rejection hurts no matter what . i think you just have to take it for what it is and choose to move on from the situation . ... the reason he didn't confirm is because he doesn't like you . trust me , he would have confirmed his feelings if he did ! he didn't deny because he didn't want to hurt your feelings . enfjs are ... no , no , no , no , no . i know that game . i'm considering going to veterinarian ( dvm ) route but not md / do . the job satisfaction % for md / do scared me off big time . plus i rather cure sick animals than sick people . i can't say i do , sorry . i'm on here because i made myself a ( too ) stiff drink after work and i'm bored . but i do like the te in estjs it's just the si that gets me . fyi , estj > esfj because fe typically annoys the crap ... and quite a few n types are actually s types that are mistyped and a few vice versa . i think a lot of individuals are afraid to come to terms with themselves because of all the sensor bashing on ... my infp ex tended to do poorly in school . however , she was really smart and this was mostly due to her procrastinating until the night before maybe 5 assignments were due . we fought a lot over this ... not intp but close enough . expressing emotions is hard for nts especially for the introverted ones . personally , i do see it as a weakness / vulnerable and i don't like showing it to other people . i ... psychology and i regret it . no job prospects at all and you have to have other skills to even be considered for employment . there are so many walls to get past . i honestly don't even know how some people get passed them just that a few do . manipulative . charming . eccentric . appearance oriented . sensitive . really don't like to be disliked / always want to be liked . curious ! adventurous . reserved . sociable . yes , i do . not very often , however , maybe once or twice a month . replace the ps with ts . do you honestly feel happy with the amount of feedback he's giving you ? wow i read this thread title wrong at first glance ... pinkmatter sounds to me like you two aren't a couple anymore . i think he used to the i like alone time line to shove out without being straight up and honest with you . intjs needs a fair amount of ... like , longing for the ex and missing them ? about a year . i still think about my ex once in a blue moon but then i quickly realize i have zero desire to associate with her so that ends that trip ... try an intj . ;) yep , you're an extravert . do the kid a favor and leave him alone . i understand the emotions perfectly . you're very hurt and you give and give and give . i think you think this is love but it's not . i guess it's subjective , though , what love is and isn't but i'm ... i'm type a . always worrying , always needing to be proactive . i'm all about kinky sex in relationships as it can be a lot of fun . however , your marriage is pretty unhealthy and classic codependency . it also looks like you two have nothing in common other than ... maybe she felt that way at first and changed her mind . the only way to know for certain is to ask her . why don't you just flat out ask her if she still wants to be friends and why or why not ? just ... i'm pretty sure she does not return your romantic feelings . i think she's distancing herself so that you can move on . i don't know about her but , speaking for myself , i always cut off people who ... i'm not really sure what you're asking . how infp men deal with t women ? thinker 96 quality time > physical touch > acts of service > words of affirmation > gifts i love infps . i'm dating one now and my ex was also an infp . they're so sweet , loyal , and idealistic . god i just want to pinch their cheeks . however , they can drive me absolutely mad ... i'm intj and i always have an infp around . we seem to get along superbly . wow that was a long time ago . i forgot i even posted about that on here . well i guess i'll give an update . we screwed around a couple more times and we ended up having a huge blow out . he was ... what he said . xstjs can get annoying with their this is how it's always been stuff but if you're responsible and do what needs to be done they're bearable . my mother is actually istj and she's ... he is a grown man . i don't care if he has a military mindset or not . there's plenty of military individuals who do not treat their spouse like crap . you're only defending him because you did the ... you've got to be fucking kidding me . so , he's emotionally abuse . that's just as bad as being physically abusive , if not worse . i suggest you seek individual counselling and not marriage ... that's how my father is . now that i've got a job he expects me to buy him nice things and help support our family because he helped pay for my college education . i personally think it's a very ... my infp so tends to get jealous of other males who hit on me and is quite possessive of his food . i think you're trying too hard . just let it come naturally as you meet new people . :d ry : children of lesbian and gay parents : a review of the literature ^ that's why you're called a homophobe . i think the intj-infp match is good overall , but it does have its challenges . namely , infps expect a lot of emotional understanding and that tires intjs out . intjs also may be too blunt and direct , ... mother - istj father - esfj brother - infj maternal grandma - istj maternal grandpa - istj aunt - extj paternal grandma - esfj paternal grandpa - enxp i would flat out say , i'm no longer attracted to you and we have to break up . i know it would suck for the other person to hear that but the reason i'd say so clearly is so they'd know there's no ... atheist . 1 . hybrid cars ? yes 2 . classical music ? yes 3 . tea ? yes 4 . cats ? yes 5 . abba ? pardon ? 6 . steampunk art ? nah 7 . wallabies ? sure 8 . honey ? nah 9 . calvin & hobbes ? yes 10 . europe and ... i talk to my dogs all the time . i'm a huge animal lover so that might contribute to it . here's another thread on intj thoughts on infjs , although you wouldn't be able to tell by the title . http://personalitycafe.com/intj-forum-scientists/145715-infj-here.html for reference , i said : i want to donate my body to science . i'll be dead so i won't care . might as well get some use out of my body . you sound unwilling to change because you're happy with yourself . i think that says it all about your marriage and its pending status . '