my high-school profile was maths and computer science . with extra classes of maths and physics . and now i'm an architect . my best friend is istj . very , very hardworking , very paranoid about all sorts of stuff , but a great type of person to help me overcome some of my flaws . when we were in uni , we'd always team up and ... i don't think either of them ( raj or leonard ) is intp . they're a bit too desperate and touchy-feely . and raj's codependent relationship with howard ? definitely not intp . not really . i , for one , see way too much stupidity around and it annoys the hell out of me . why would i want to relive that ? i'd much rather share a bit of ( lovely ) own stupidity . last night , for ... i seem to become best friends with stjs . my fiance is estj and he's my bestest friend , the one i can talk to about pretty much anything . my female best friend outside my family is istj . when i was ... i get angry . it has even happened to me that i would get so angry , i would start crying because i was almost exploding with anger . the crying bit happens pretty much when i can't fully express my ... exactly my approach . so ... let me dump my bit of stupid here . it happened to me a couple of weeks ago . i had just gotten home after work and i was talking on the phone with my mother , while i was relaxing on the bed ... one of the biggest revelations of my life was when i was in twelfth grade and we studied abstract algebra ( groups , rings , fields etc , ) and some of the topics basically explained how operations are ... ti and fi as primary functions are quite similar in pattern , actually , so there is a very logical reason why you might find that you can identify with both of them . my mum is infp and i'm intp and ... i would never ever run the risk of accidentally bringing in there some nasty bacteria while trying to get out something from the other thing . no thank you . i'd rather push some more of give up for ... i , for one , have not actually studied in school . there were only 2 subjects , in uni , that i was very scared of and that i actually really studied for ( because the professors were famous for failing ... i am an architect . i guess the profession chose me , really . i tried to avoid it at first , because my father is an architect too and it seemed to me like i would be walking a path that someone had ... i love dogs . but large , highly intelligent ones . i really dislike small dogs , because they're very loud , agitated , needy and simply all over the place . and the licking ... ew , no . after having had a ... analytic 65 % expressive 50 % amiable 50 % driver 40 % i've never said that and i wouldn't either . it might be because 1 . i hate expressing my feelings ( i've only told my boyfriend of 5 years that i love him maybe 2-3 times and it was mainly because he'd ... estj 1w9 - five years and a half and counting . we complement each other pretty well . he does have the tendency to try and impose stuff on me , but i'm quick to shut it down . he's still struggling to ... meniscus - mother if you're into post-rock , check them out , they're really good . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WiOtrLLn-bo i can consider 2 best friends ... my friend , who's an istj , and my mum , who is infp . they're the only ones i consider to be my actual friends , all other people are acquaintances that i'm more or less ... my profession comes with lots of sleepless nights :) ) luckily , i've been training for them my whole life . in an ideal world , i'd be coming up with solutions and someone else would be worrying about making them reality . like an estj or something . i'd be the one with the ideas and theoretical ... i'm an architect . the intp characteristics work great with it when it comes to concept , designing , solving issues regarding function and stuff like that , but i sometimes struggle with the extremely ... fuck my life , i'm gonna be at work until 10pm again ... this . i do listen to music at work , though , unless i have to finish something urgently . i'm always listening to music when i'm out and about , as it gives me that wonderful feeling of being in my ... you're still quite a kid at 20 , though . i do find myself in this situation :) ) i tend to imagine myself talking to an imaginary person ( or more ! ) , as somehow that makes me think of myself as being less crazy than arguing two ( or more ) ... yep , my point exactly :) ) seriously now , i agree . but aren't we all supposed to be a bit emotionally retarded ? or is it just me ? i'm 26 and i still freak out when i hear former classmates got ... having a scared little kid inside us would not be pedophilia , but corrupting minors . i don't like yelling , in general . however , i have no problem doing it . my voice has quite a high volume and i can talk / yell very loudly if i put my mind to it . i do raise my voice when i'm angry . it ... intp ( me ) - autonomy ( in thought , in life , in love etc . ) + why are there so many stupids estj ( my boyfriend ) - order ( having things done the right way , at the right time , with the right tools etc . ) ... i can confirm that reality is not that far off from what is said . that is .. if the estj is willing to let the intp be and not try to dictate their life . i think intp and estj compensate each other's ... i've been quite interested in finding out about higher dimensions - there are videos on youtube talking about the ten dimensions , and i find them absolutely fascinating . i'd say you give this a try . i only cook so that i don't starve to death , i can only make a few things . surprisingly , i seem to have a sort of natural flair for it , but i'm not interested in any development in that direction ... i once almost beat someone on the train . a few of us ( well , 4 of us ) were going to an education forum and we had a 10 hour ride ahead . right from our starting station , there were 2 idiots sat right ... i'd read something like this , provided it's well written . the idea is rather interesting . what i don't understand is the link to 9/11 . why did you choose that particular date for his death ? does it ... are you sure he's intp ? :) ) i don't know , maybe i'm a bit weird even among intps , but what he does and says and how he reacts is quite the exact opposite of what i've done my entire life ( and yeah , i ... coffee - i drink it with milk and i need a certain percentage of coffee vs . milk in order to fully enjoy it . i have the perfect mug at home , which holds the perfect mix of the two . i like my coffee ... i'd like to unsee 2 girls 1 cup . some things are best left unknown or unseen . i currently desire food . listening to a music album i just downloaded . so nice . so , so nice . some pasta with quattro formaggi sauce and broccoli . lovely . a christmas sweater from my mum and some books from my boyfriend . and i bought myself a couple of books to go with the ones my boyfriend got me . and i also got some sweets and some toiletries from my ... i have yet to find a school subject that i can't handle . i've always truly been the jack of all trades and master of none . that's actually what made it so difficult for me to decide what to do with ... jakob - malachite . i'm obsessed with this song right now . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PkIBHtZ6NPY why use all those question marks ? one would've been enough . now to answer you question ... i don't consider myself to have an addictive personality , but i do have an obsessive personality . i love ... death is my kryptonite . there's nothing that will shake my ground more than death . it's just the whole concept of being alive one moment and being completely lifeless the next ... i'm having trouble ... ahahaha , yes , i can definitely see myself doing that . i think estjs would definitely survive , they're go-getters , they do stuff and take care of things . istjs might panick a bit and become too ... my favourite subjects in school ( pre-uni ) were : 1 . maths 2 . computer science 3 . physics 4 . biology 5 . chemistry 6 . grammar classes so , basically , sciences . i still love maths and i get all ... yes . i totally relate . i don't see the map :(