' welcome to the forums , ms . laura ! esfj .. i don't think we have many of those ! make sure you check out their forums , i'm sure they'd love the company . :) you know , everyone always says infj males are really rare .. but i know a lot of them , and there are a lot of them on the forums if i remember right . smells like a fallacy to me ! welcome to the ... i've noticed that you've been posting this in multiple places and i'm kind of wondering why . now that you've posted it here in the advice forum , i have to believe that you're possibly involved in a ... i wasn't actually sure about the term semi-duality and had to look it up . from the base definition i would say that this doesn't really seem like a good thing . however , if i am understanding what ... i think it kind of depends on what my other options are .. i'm currently visiting my family and i've tried to spend as much of that time away from them . the environment is stressful and it makes me ... is there really anything wrong with being obsessed with sex ? xd okay , okay i suppose there should be some limits ... on a serious note though - i don't know if my personality type has a lot to ... that description sort of offends me - i feel like you took a very negative stance of the type . even when you said loyal you followed it up with things like doormat . none of that feels positive at ... this . i adore within temptation . interestingly enough , i like her live songs better than the pre-recorded . her natural voice just blows me away . you should try some rasmus . one of my all time ... let's see - yes , i am a single mom . i do live with someone however , and he does his share in helping me , but he's not really the attention giving type ( even though he's an e ! ) , mostly because he ... not like music from the 90s ? ! clearly you have not heard enough of it . cranberries rock though . i grew up loving ace of base , you should try some of that . :) i've seen meat loaf in concert ... i am horribly fixated on effeminate men . i adore pretty boys . it's scary even to me sometimes . they're just so ... oh god i can't even think of the words . xd http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ODdhNH0n8U listening to music and wondering why i'm still posting when i should be doing something else . xd based on the responses , and my own experiences with people who have a hero complex , i don't think this has much to do with personality type . i know an nt who has a serious hero complex , but i would ... i don't know that we have a lot of parents on the forums , but i just kind of wanted to ask for opinions or advice in this situation . i'm a fairly private introvert , and i have an extremely ... http://www.boredstop.com/imgp/beautybeast.jpg http://img541.imageshack.us/img541/8016/60561143535230435105030.jpg this is kind of a hard question for me because i've read so many books . the first thing that springs to mind is skylight confessions by alice hoffman . she's one of my favorite authors , and i was ... the house on sorority row . i love old school horror movies . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wCEK_04ep_Y&NR=1 the warrior heir by cinda williams chima and fallen by lauren kate i dreamed about the high school that i went to . it was not like i remember it though , and there was someone there who never went to my high school . there was some sort of strange assembly going on , ... hm . interesting question . i certainly have liked intjs from afar , and actually dated one for awhile . it isn't that they aren't attractive .. they are . the issue , for me , comes when i try to settle ... this is a really great thread ! i laughed a few times while reading through it . :) from the opening post - i found the breakdown very interesting , but like trigun i can see where it isn't fact , ... my musical interests bounce all over the place , but i feel very similarly to pretty much everyone who posted . whatever i do listen to usually has to match my mood , how i feel . i can go from ... this ! 100 % agree . i've begun categorizing myself more as an infj , but with some s tendencies , but i would say that i don't do this . i actually tend to spend more time not talking , and doing the listening . i do like ... you can't delete posts after a certain time period , mokona . and just to point out that it's really not just sensors , or sjs that shut people down - i live with an entj . he always shuts me down ... i know i'm a bit late to respond to this , mostly because i've been inactive for awhile , but i'd like to add my two cents . i personally feel this is a people thing , and not an isfj thing - or ... i should probably be trying to sleep . i did nano last year for the first time and i really enjoyed myself and met some great new people at the write-ins that i joined in on . i'm in a new area this year , and i'm not planning on joining ... being a j , it's not really my place to answer this question - but i will say that i definitely hate rejection . it makes me feel bad about myself , leaves me wondering where i went wrong , etc . this ... there is an option to buy it in the store , i believe . if you already have such an in-depth relation with these people you probably have other ways to message them . other forums , email , messaging systems . there's no need to mess with the system that we ... you know , i was pretty excited when cloudy with a chance of meatballs was announced - but i was kind of disappointed with the movie . it was nothing at all like the original story . same thing with ... i love kids ' movies . it's easy for me to be able to see them because i have a daughter , so i sort of have an excuse . i have gone with a friend to see animated movies though - how to train your ... i have always really liked a names for some reason - my daughter's name is aeriel . don't confuse her with the disney princess , ariel though - not her namesake . :P i'd like to have a boy some day ... i'm reading the time traveler's wife by audrey niffenegger and i just started the strain by guillermo del toro and chuck hogan . i just took my daughter to see the legend of the guardians . i was actually pleasantly surprised to enjoy the movie . i dreamed about zombies last night . i was trapped in a school with a bunch of people i've never seen before . there were some kind of evil dogs that were trying to bite us , and we were trying to get ... welcome to the forums . :) your chosen career path seems very needed in times like these . i bet you work hard ! no worries , we're not a totally tough crowd ! if you need any help , ask . i'm sure there are lots of us who can take the time out to show you around . :) welcome to the cafe . i love infjs . :) welcome to the forums , swedish guy ! also , netflix is a way to view movies . it's actually pretty neat - you can live stream them on your computer , or order dvds and view them . ... i think infp guys are pretty fab myself . can be a little sporadic , but hey what's life without some spontaneity ? :) welcome to the forums . welcome , not so new infj . i'm sure that you've already found the forum to be a cool place , since you're still here and all . :) i know a lot of people think you're an infp , and it does seem to fit ... until i break down the pieces i know about you . with certainty , i'd say you're an introvert and a feeler . however , i ... can we get this thread closed please ? it looks like three pages of people spamming . if a master list is needed , have someone head it up - it should be one post with a listing of people and their ... i agree with rowan . there's nothing really wrong with venting . it can make us feel better and it can help other people see how things are affecting us . i think it becomes a problem when it hurts ... i felt this way a lot during high school . i did a lot of pretending during those years so that i could fit in , but sometimes i would sit back at one of our gatherings and just watch people and ... this statement , in my opinion , contradicts your belief that your psyche is hurting because of the decisions you're trying to make without hurting her . it sounds to me like you're hurting because ... i'm pretty sure you meant me , and not midnight .. since he's a man . xd and yeah sure , as soon as you're legal ! :P ( oh man , i totally got owned by a previous poster ... i'd hook up with you too ... '