' intps are my favourite types to poke with the argumentative pokey stick :) in my experience , intps are great listeners when shit's going down , but they tend to get impatient if they can't fix ... i've lived in a lot of different settings , but feel that what i have now is pretty ideal for me at the moment . i live on the outskirts of the downtown in a small , university city ( we affectionately ... i have made a living of the arty things i produce several times in my life , but find it very difficult to sustain for any length of time as it requires a lot of putting myself out there and gets ... for me , it's an awful lot like this love letter from jean-paul sartre to simone de beauvoir . especially this quote : “ i am mastering my love for you and turning it inwards as a constituent element ... i relate to this in big ways . i'm always trying to do little things for my loves ( romantic or otherwise ) to remind them that i adore them . i have quite a few relationships that i consider intimate , ... i got an oblique strategy app for my phone and have a lot of fun with it :) hmmm ... not really . if anything , i'd say i've had a hard time staying / getting out of relationships that were train wrecks . kind of odd because i do enjoy my alone time a lot , but i have had several ... tuckus . i think you're rockin ' both looks . i have beard envy . seems like facial hair would be fun play with in terms of styles . brie , stoned wheat crackers , green grapes and pistachios . hmmm ... this sounds pretty familiar to how i have felt when visiting family . i am the eldest and took the first opportunity to get the eff out of living with my family that i could as there was such a ... adorbs :) capricorn - earth - which seems to me to be the least infpish sign one could be , but here we are . i think my son and daughter ( both enfp ) have the hardest time with it . in all of the years that we lived together , i couldn't quite get through to them that right after work was not the time to ... yup . i definitely see the connection . feel similarly about fleet foxes . they have a similar vibe . i'm pretty expressive . to a fault sometimes ( i had the ceo of the company i work for call me into his office one day after laying a bunch of people off - not a good feel - and i got in , sat down and ... i think this is something a lot of people , women in particular , deal with . emoting is just not something that is encouraged and that's really sad because we never really learn the skills to do it in ... it sounds like , if you truly * want * to get on better with ts , you need to do some work on grounding yourself . i get on pretty well with most ts ( there are some exceptions , but i'm entirely ... tell me you don't all relate to this and i'll eat my first born ;) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g_qZ5B-yioU so damned perfect . http://vimeo.com/73479902 do it ! it's such a rush . it's not difficult to get into , but like most hobbies , it can get spendy . you can't just drive a demo car to the demo , you need trailors and a team and ... well ... a car you're ... when my sister was born , my parents literally ( and i don't mean that in the figurative sense ) said omg ! a baby who needs us ! my sister is 2 years and ten days younger than i . apparently i was a ... well , i'm a femme infp and i kinda love fast anything . i'm not at all au fait with the car world or what's under the hood of anything , but i love going fast and the dichotomy of being behind the ... i've never been called gentle as such , but have been called a million things that add up to that term . i tend to be the pied piper of dogs , cats and small children . folks tend to feel very ... advice ? no , not as such . i am happy to listen and lend perspective to situations , but it's very , very rare for me to outline a solid path for someone ( mostly because i really hate it when people do ... hmmm ... i think about this a lot , especially as i did end up cheating on an ex and feel horrible for it . i've since learned that i am capable of romantic love for more than one person at a time , ... o . o i had a pic of me with a bag over my cast from broken ankle days , but cannot find it :( i've totally done plastic bags with rubber bands for festivals and such , though . they work splendidly ! i broke my ankle in the winter , so my go-to everyday footwear is a pair of steve madden brogue-styled boots like these , but in black . my bff of 29 years is isfp and , while we get on really well for the most part , we definitely have a lot of differences . she is definitely the first person i go to for most of my problems , but i've ... i would never claim to know someone better than they do themselves , but using what others have already stated , along with my seemingly inherent curiosity and drive to ' get ' people , i'm a pretty quick ... this is such a great thread and so many wonderful insights have been provided . kudos to the original poster :) my 5 cents : travel . alone , if possible , but do it any which way . nothing will help ... 2 pair of jeans as i was out of long pants as my puggle ate the crotches out of all of them . 2 bottles of wine . 1 bottle of whiskey . smoked paprika . french lentils . 9 frames for paintings / photos . i sing a lot when i'm at home and i've been known to break into song when a song fits a situation ( almost always ) , but i am pretty self-conscious about it . i don't do it mindlessly , though i always ... such a great ted talk . i had the pleasure of going to an afp concert back in the fall and it was so much fun . she really does still connect with her fans ( check out her twitter tl to get good for ... mine are what i oh-so-flatteringly describe as ' split pea soup green ' . i had to get id'd for something the other day and they needed my eye colour . upon taking my glasses off , the admin was like ... yuss ! i so often feel somewhat overwhelmed with passion and really don't know what to do with it all . i somehow see a passion party among a bunch of infps devolving into some kind of awkward orgy , ... i think that's kinda true . i don't think it needs to be excruciating to you ... and i say this as a fellow infp who has wrangled an intp or six . but yes , leaving that welcome mat down for him to step ... i know you're asking for insight more from intps , but i just wanted to address this bit . for the first part of the question , i would say that you should hold off . having that conversation right now ... i'm bored . what in the actual fuck ? get a grip on your life and go make me a sandwich . better yet , make a sandwich and go for a walk and give that sandwich to the first person you meet begging in ... unless you are one of my sprogs , sibs , or bffs , do not pull at , put things in , mess with my curls in any way . you will likely get hit or bitten . do not presume that what is good for you is good ... you've already told him to stay away . someone in their right mind would respect that . you have every right to talk to the school and the authorities about that . this ! when i feel rut-esque , i toss on some king crimson really loud and just sit with myself and the songs in the dark ( dangerous curves is particularly powerful ) and think and wonder and feel ... i've maintained friendships with many ex-lovers , but not really with people i had been in long term relationships with that i was really in love with . after the baby-daddy and i split , he tried to ... i've been keepin up with the contents of this thread and chewing on them for some time as something about it has been nagging at me , but i've finally clued into what it is . the title is about near ... because my mum studied psychology when i was a child , i got tested a lot . back then , i scored between 130-140 mostly , but as an adult , i've scored as low as 106 and as high as 160 . all legit , timed ... i have had several near misses . rather unfortunately , most were with men who i thought were friends . even more unfortunately , many were with men who were the partners of friends . i can definitely ... attention is just something i've had to deal with , as opposed to something to be sought or to hide from . my family is pretty well-known in my province ( and there are many members of my family ) ... yes . i've had both happen and have no regrets . love pretty much always means learning and growing in my world . those are both pretty relative and subjective . i've been with people who are more ... google image search holding hands . so lovely . '