' some good replies thanks guys . so what got me thinking about asking this question is my dad , who is istj 110 % , commented the other day how someone he barely knew labeled him as short tempered . they ... what are some things as an istj that would take your normally patient demeanor and have you seeing red ? as an isfj i'd say i am probably similar . things like : the wife leaving the car halfway in the ... wow thanks for the replies . a lot of math showing up is interesting , i wasn't the best at it though . also i find it odd that english didn't bode so well with quite a few of you . my dad , an istj , ... i'm curious which subjects in high school or college other fellow isfj's did well in and which ones were more difficult . i'm mostly wondering which subjects are compatible with our functions and ... what to say when you talk to yourself - shad helmstetter m . d . what to say when you talk to your self https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0055DW3WA/ref=cm_sw_r_an_am_at_ws_us?ie=UTF8 a good book that ... well let's see , i'm canadian , catholic and of irish heritage so i'd say yeah lol . in college i drank every weekend heavily as did all my friends . i didn't like the effect it was having on my health ... can't believe nobody replied . i'd agree with you on everything except i strongly think willie is entj . i work closely with 2 entj's and two estj's . willie is nowhere near as nazi as the estj's i ... curious to know what you guys who have seen the show on national geographic channel think ? i'm having a hard time guessing . paul dimeo : i think he's an extrovert , i'd say more intuitive , i ... nobody has commented ? i'm curious myself and i'd guess : trey to be an entj matt to be an entp sent from my iphone using tapatalk just curious who you'd say is you favorite late night talk show host ? i started watching jimmy fallon about a year ago and found that i like him and his show a ton . i like the fact that he is so at ... isfj male for stand-ups as asked by the op : - george carlin - bill cosby - bill burr - louis c . k . ( some of his stuff ) - dave chapelle - gabriel iglesias - jeremy hotz oh and another dead giveaway of being isfj is that you will have a strong inclination to think of other people and be considerate of them / their feelings . istj not quite as readily . sent from ... to really figure it out you need to look at the functions for each type . the tests are a good start but can be misleading . when you look into the functions you'll find a good bit of difference ... cool shale i'll give that a look later when i get some more time . thanks . sent from my iphone using tapatalk - now free definitely . i go through ups and downs though . during an upswing i am not as bothered by all the social stuff . during a downswing like i'm in now ( late summer & fall are very hard to climb out of ) i ... the crap going on in syria , afghanistan , egypt etc right now . the barbarism happening in those countries as well is deeply disturbing to me . sent from my iphone using tapatalk - now free i've always had a terrible time learning things by reading them or somebody verbally presenting something . things just don't stick in my mind especially if i can't picture it directly . in school i ... olivia i peg as an intj , she is able to connect ideas well , she's highly intelligent with a photographic memory , she's also fearless . her main thing though isn't all about taking care of others well ... since my wife and i are obsessed with fringe at the moment i have a strong suspicion astrid farnsworth is isfj . she is an excellent assistant helping walter and the rest of the team loyally . she even ... ya those tortillas look awesome . sent from my iphone using tapatalk awesome pics guys :) sent from my iphone using tapatalk here's one i shot with my iphone . it's the engine of our train we took out west last summer . we stopped somewhere in minnesota and i hopped off to snap it . 72916 sent from my iphone using ... lets see some of your favorite pictures you've taken whether with a camera or just your phone . sent from my iphone using tapatalk 72915 me and my dog daisy playing some battlefield 3 lol . sent from my iphone using tapatalk 72913 myself and my enfj wife taken at the toledo zoo . sent from my iphone using tapatalk i noticed a few comments about apple and the nexus 7 . i found the perfect balance using an iphone as my phone and a nexus 7 as my tablet , best of both worlds :D i m a big fan of the stability and ... well i'm having a very intense bout of it lately myself . mine stems from a presentation i had to give the other day to my boss's-boss's-boss and his group about who i am and what are my ... oh i would add that an isfj with some masculinity to him is one of the most balanced types of men out there . this country needs balanced people like never before . sent from my nexus 7 using ... hey i hear ya on all fronts man . i work on engines for a living and so also work with a bunch of mechanics . its a pretty excessively macho atmosphere and can be very stressful for me . the thing ... bob , please don't meander down to the comments section then of a yahoo news article . you may lose hope in any decency being left in the human race lol . sent from my nexus 7 using tapatalk 2 actually brown humor similar to that makes this isfj angry , after all being a concrete person i think literally . i also think it's pretty tasteless . i'm not a fan of dark humor . the closest i come to ... very nice congrats . sent from my iphone using tapatalk try to not be so overly concerned with pleasing others that it starts to infringe on my own needs . here's some tips : http://m.askmen.com/money/body_and_mind_100/111_better_living.html ... i imitated others instead of being my own person . i like to think i shadowed my friends , like a sidekick and picked up on their mannerisms . it was my way of using si i believe as a sort of path to ... yep i can agree with everything mentioned here . smell is by far my strongest stimulant for memory . but i am pretty sure i've heard it said before that its that way for everyone . i also agree with ... ah you've read susan cain's book quiet i see . or if you got the term group think from somewhere else , do yourself a favor and check out her book because she talks extensively about it and also you ... my tuning fork is resonating to the exact frequency yours is lol . i could have wrote every word you did and it would be pure truth . the groups of grown men at my work formed borderline cliques or ... thanks teddy , if that's how you experience si then i definitely relate to every word you said . some might think i do the same things every week but to me its very comforting to have them as a ... try and give yourself as much respect and esteem as you do others . i know i abase myself compared to others and it is a deep seated bad habit . sent from my iphone using tapatalk i'm very quirky about my humor . for instance i watched the naked gun the other night with leslie neilson . one of the guys was shot on a boat and fell in the water . the next day the police were there ... as dominant si users i am curious if you guys could provide some examples of si in your daily life . i'm curious if si looks different in an isfj's life than it does in an istj or estj's life .   ... i can't believe how many of my coworkers and even my wife ! think the government had a hand in this . this tragedy touched me pretty intensely for some reason . to hear others not concerned with the ... ok i had a sec to really briefly skim the material . i am highly that way . i struggle all the time with being too emotionally reactive to the unpleasant things and they vastly cloud out good things i ... i'm at work at the moment but ill check the link out later when i get more time and see if it holds true for me too . just judging by its title though i'd say there's a good chance i will relate to ... my current stream ... who the hell would attack the boston marathon ? ! that's gotta be a gathering of some of the most genuine people i can think of , all good people . people who like fitness , ... just finished watching the movie , it was exceptional . i find it interesting you typed there same person ( young vs old ) as two different types . one would think that although you might see things a ... no prob :) i couldn't understand why they were dying if i was following the directions on the little tag for the plant . took some learning to figure out there are differing opinions . i think the ... don't worry lol it took killing a few plants to learn how to water properly ( the label isn't always the best indicator-per my resident garden center expert ) . i also had to learn that there are some ... oh forgot this little guy , my newest addition . it's an avatar spike moss . needs to stay moist and likes humidity ( hence the rocks it sits on ) . just add water to the rocks and it will evaporate up ... my bedroom has two hanging baskets of those heartleaf philodendrons and that very large snake plant . i also have a true-hepa air purifier in the room and also run my ceiling fan constantly on low . if ... '