' hi , how are you ? i see you are also new here , that's nice ! fitting well ? your native language is not english ? i read a lot of english webbing around , but i have only one book in english for now ... oh . yeah , someone linked this thread when i write i have one account in 2009 , i guess , but i don't remember the email , the name or nothing related to the account . just the vague idea of scrolling ... hi . i've seen you around talking about your english skills . haha . and we can be friends for sure . do you really have the time to do that ? and do you really thinks an intp person will remember what was her email adress of six years ago . oh , please , darling . leave me alone . and i post my old ... camisa e calça you are thinking about suicide because life does not make any sense , then you read in some subreddit someone talking about taking their life because they have any friends and you can't relate to it ... 1 . ) 40 living at home in their parents basement . 22 and no 2 . ) 40 year old virgin no 3 . ) socially deprived paulo i can't read things about manipulation because it triggers a memory of some recent shit in my life . but i read it and thank you . i'm still super convinced i'm the one who manipulated some ... i tell them i do not like being touched , but i have a strong closed body language and people don't do it . oh . i guess in 2013/2014 i was trying to be social in a bar with a guy i met but he used ... sorry . i don't really understand the first part . you are saying that you can read peoples thoughts but not feelings ? yes , you are . go to a doctor and get it fixed . yep , i love this type of critical thinking . i don't spend so much time on how i look . but i think about it a lot and i feel like intps like to say they don't really care about it , but probably ... oh , i was like i don't search for definitions ! ! ! i'm not an intp ! ! ! but meh , i installed a plugin named google dictionary . being lazy is fun ! i get stressed sometimes without a schedule but ... when you know how to read people ? i don't know if it is not an intp thing . you have no idea how much i needed to laugh today . thank you . thank you very much . i'm always adopting new animals when i found them and it really helps me having a lot of them with me right now . well . the sample need to be large to be accurate and you are just ... one ? and today i read a title of an article about the survivors of boko haram dying because of starvation , i can't read the thing because how can i ? i'm feeling the world in an entirely new way ... someone poisoned my cat yesterday . he was dying in a hurtful way right next to me , i never cried so much in my life , i loved and still love this cat so much . i remember when he came into my ... oh . i think it's hard to me to chat in forums . i generally just read some stuff and tend to forgot the post i was if no one quotes me , but let's give it a try . my cat recently died and i'm sad ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GRxofEmo3HA thank you . i don't know what the fear part refers to , but i always read some full-of-fear comments because people imagine a thing about third worlds country that has nothing to do with the reality ... why ? how do you guys guess the type ? i second-guess myself all the time , i can't even type my friends . this is so nice and well done ! i draw . i was thinking about pursuing a job with illustration , but i don't know , i think it's a hobby of mine and i don't want to finish any of them . but i love art , music , sculpture , every form and ... yes , this is a good advice . the man up thing is shit , for real , don't confess like this , wait for a little , put things in perspective . i don't read all your messages but , i want to say that you seem a really good guy and i don't know how you spot the other guys , i'm really bad at this , i don't know if someone is interested in the ... jinxy because ben is curious af , he had a job that he doesn't really care about ( countability ) and , for real , he does not even care about nothing , just being immersed in knowledge and leslie . he ... ben is totally intp i love him so much ! ' cause i don't feel like shit about me . intp subreddit is a mess and boring as faaack . i also hate double negative in english . this does not make any sense . i . can't . focus . in . nothing . i hate being an intp . aaa i wish i could get out of bed , i'm useless . i think i'm depressed . darcstar 3 i will not , thaaank you . and hopefully we can see each other around . tanstaafl 28 hello , and thank you ! when i study physics at university i have known so manny entps . now i'm studying english , grammar and literature ! narci narci are you a bot ? i've seen ... i don't think there is a way to be sure about it . when you just talk with your mother , not even you father who lives with you you can talk with . my freaking dog farted in my bed i think he pooped himself . hello ! i'm new here , i used to have an account just for curiosity when i was 15 y / o , i'm guessing , but my english skills are low at the time , so i'm re-entering the community now with 22 y / o and ... sherlock seems nice . tomorrow i need clean the house . i'm talking with a british accent in my head . this is unusual . sleep deprivation is my gf . '