' have any of you struggled with confidence issues relating to your appearance ? i was definitely insecure about my appearance growing up and honestly i still am to a lesser extent today . i actually ... i definitely feel like this . for a while now i've been wanting to sever ties with my friends , but i just don't know how to do it without hurting their feelings and i would feel guilty if i did that ... i have about 4 friends i guess but i haven't felt close to any of them in a long time and i honestly question if i ever really did feel close to them at all . we've been friends since we were ... i thought about suicide a lot . now don't get depressed . i have thought about suicide a lot in my life but it's not because i wanna kill myself - i just find it relaxing . to know that i can if i have ... i was in the 8th grade . my grandmother died the day before but i didn't want to stay home and mope so i went to school on the 11th in an attempt to have as normal a day as possible . during my first ... a few months ago i was talking with a couple of friends and friend # 1 was telling us about how that past weekend she had gone out for a walk and came across a man who clearly did not look well . he ... i love black comedy - george carlin , richard pryor , louis ck , marc maron , patton oswalt , south park , etc . i actually read an article about the dark existententialist undertones of louis ck's work a ... i think being an idealist in this world is almost a guarantee that at some point we will experience cynicism , pessimism , and darkness in general because the world will never be the way we wish it ... i feel exactly the same except i'm done with college , but i am planning to go to grad school next fall and 99.9 % of the reason for that is because going to grad school is an opportunity for me to ... all 23 years of my life . there are a lot of things i like about it and honestly given how i am i don't think i would be happy in a relationship until i'm a little older and know myself better , but ... i'm sorry you had to go through that as a child and that you're still struggling with it now . i can understand why you feel the way you do , but you need to know that your situation growing up was not ... nope , it's never been a part of my normal routine . special occasions only , and even then i stick to pretty natural looking makeup , nothing too dramatic . i actually like how i look without makeup ... helena bonham carter is awesome . i saw her talk about her living arrangements on another talk show a few months back and thought it was a great idea too . i actually told one of my friends after i saw ... don't worry about it , i know how you feel . i think this forum is the only place i ever get to say what's really going on in my head . that's an excellent philosophy . and i think as career ... i would advise you not to say that . i know if i a guy came up to me and the first thing he said to me was a comment on my appearance it would make me really uncomfortable and totally turn me off , ... i decided against it because i knew it wasn't something i was going to make a career out of and i felt like i would have been doing it just so i could delay making a career choice for a little ... ugh , i know the feeling . a few months back i had a dream about johnny depp ( one of my favorite people ever ) and not only did i not get him in the dream , he didn't even talk to me . or look at me . he ... i feel like i've been seeing a lot of threads lately on how to attract infps ( or at least nfs ) and i don't know whether to be flattered someone thinks our type is attractive or totally frustrated ... wow , i could have written your post word for word . i constantly research the same careers over and over , cast aside any artistic ambitions i have because i know the reality wouldn't be what i want , ... i don't think it's uncommon for people to not really seem like their type on the surface , especially for introverts . i think a lot of us introverts tend to somewhat hide important parts of who we ... oh , that's tough . either invisibility so that i could go out and do things without having to bother with people or ever feel self-conscious ( and also get to sneak into concerts , movies , etc . and save ... i turn mine off just because i usually don't want to be bothered with the very small number of people who actually call or text me . i don't check it very often and i usually don't notice the battery ... stuck between english and psychology ? you're definitely an nf . it's good that you're trying to get an early start on figuring out your major , but keep in mind that it will most likely be easier ... this is spot on . i definitely separate myself from others and i usually feel like people don't like me , even if it's usually not the case . it's my own fault because i never open up to people and ... you probably already know this one , but just in case you haven't o * net online is a good resource . it has similar information to the occupational outlook handbook , but onet has information on more ... jasmine , i completely agree with you on all 3 points and my mom gives me crap about it sometimes too . she tells me i should go out and party and meet guys on a fairly regular basis . ( the comments are ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6XtG5SGL0Xw i've been on a bit of an apc kick lately because i'm seeing them live tomorrow night . ( yay ! ) i can't wait - it's been too long since i've been to a ... i got all 4 removed by a oral surgeon last year and it wasn't bad at all . they knocked me out so i didn't feel a thing . i just remember them telling me to count backwards from 100 , at about 97 i ... majoring in journalism and minoring in communication disorders sounds like the perfect solution for you . hopefully by the time you finish your bachelor's degree you'll have a clearer idea of whether ... just out of curiosity , what made you consider slp in the first place ? you mention that you have a good thing going as a writer and the only things you say about slp are reasons you don't think you'll ... can i dance ? yes . can i dance well ? that depends - it changes with the music , the kind of dancing , and how into it i am . i have no problem dancing in front of others though . i think the whole ... actually i don't think i have the plays anymore . if i do i have no idea where i hid them away . i was very creative as a child but i was shy about the things i created , so i probably got rid of them a ... some days are alright , but most of the time no , i'm not content . and honestly i don't think i'd ever just want to be content . that word makes me think of settling for something that's just good ... wow , i really relate to your post . i definitely remember creating detailed scenarios for my stuffed animals to live out ( i even remember writing a couple of plays to act out with my stuffed animals ... that does sound really frustrating . have you talked to anyone at your college ( maybe an advisor or someone in the management information systems department ) about this situation ? if not , i think that ... i'm sorry you're having such a hard time right now . it's good that your reaching out for help . i understand why you're thinking suicidal thoughts , but please don't do anything drastic . you deserve ... i remember reading a johnny depp quote once about how in our world money is freedom , and i remember thinking it was sad but true . it sucks that people have to spend huge chunks of their lives doing ... i actually just saw an old friend a few days ago and we spent hours playing old super nintendo video games and having so much fun . in the middle of this she actually starting saying to me that she ... wow , i know exactly what you're talking about . it does make it worse because on top of feeling sad it makes me feel isolated because i have no one to confide in when i feel down . honestly it's really ... ba in psychology ( aka the infp standard ) . almost finished a double major in sociology ( and considered a million other fields ) but i decided to graduate early instead of taking the extra classes since ... ugh , i know that feeling when the idea of something going wrong paralyzes you or makes you feel like a screwup , so you're not alone . sometimes i'm able to get over these feelings by really just ... wolverine - istp , no question gambit - estp deadpool - insane people are hard to type , but if i had to guess entp jean grey - infp or infj storm - enfj or infj beast - intp spiderman - infp ... i'm definitely a dog person . i love dogs so much . i don't have a dog right now and i miss coming home to a wagging tail . have you ever seen someone who really wants to have a kid and they start ... thank you for sharing this . it was really touching , especially the part with note . it made me all teary-eyed . wow zewology , i feel like i could have written your post myself . i'm also back in school to start a new career path that i doubt will hold my interest more than a few years . i wish i could be content ... i suck at waking up too . whenever i set an alarm i always set it for about 30 minutes earlier than i actually need to get up because i know i'll just keep hitting the snooze button . it still doesn't ... you don't have to be a t to be a scientist . there are plenty of infps and other f types interested and involved in science . and i think spidey tends to be more idealistic and value-driven than he is ... that depends on your definition of making it and whether or not you feel you need a practical job to be successful . if you need a stable 9 to 5 job in order to feel like a success then yeah , you'd ... i stumbled upon an article that struck a chord with me and i thought maybe some of you with perfectionistic tendencies would find something familiar in it . good perfectionism versus bad ... yeah , i definitely see a distinction between attraction and beauty . it's almost like even if someone is not aesthetically beautiful there's just something about the vibe of their appearance that ... '