' removing post removing post removing post removing post need to remove my post . it can be an absolute terror . as friends or acquaintances they are ok but when it comes to more the constant miscommunication and emotional verbal diarrhea is enough to make one go crazy . reading ... i probably should elaborate on the the best comment i said earlier . i don't know how else to put it into words ... most of the sjs i encounter and spend time with seem like they are not very open to ... holding on to grudges . i don't live in the past , i forget and move on . i don't understand the point of remembering past wrongdoings . it makes life more complicated . all the parts i put in bold sound all too familiar to me . i have several esfj sisters and it is utter hell . i know a few esfj males and females outside my family and i don't think anything other than ... oh yes . i sometimes forget how badly i need it and then i start getting frustrated about everything . after spending a full day with people i need a full day or several for recovery . i can't even text ... to be the best . however , this often leads to many sjs being harsh , judgmental , and very jealous of other's successes since they expect themselves to be better than everyone else in their own ... double post i have two types of flirting ( 1 ) shy awkward and silly ( 2 ) aggressive if the male is an aggressive type - i'll find a way to position myself closer to them . - i'll try to smile at them . - do ... 1 . ) i find that most intps are much more rigid than intjs . i have an intp mother who is a micromanager . i also coxed for a boat of four people with the stroke seat being an intp and he wrote me a ... 92/100 masculine 64/100 feminine 57/100 androgynous wow no wonder i make most men poop their pants and here i thought i was starting to become too nice and ' soft ' . i think i scored pretty high ... good for you ! yep i felt that it was bad for my emotional and mental health although my parents were absolutely wonderful and never bothered me . i would first look at the economic factors of course ... i've learned that most of the time people don't even realize they are being manipulative and explaining it to them won't do any good because they'll just tell me i'm ' overthinking ' . it also depends ... yes i am exactly the same way especially since i work with primarily male engineers . i smile and laugh too much though :/ i am currently staying away from all relationships because i find that ... idk i live in a very rainy city with little sun which may be the reason . however , i regularly get b12 shots and definitely have vitamin d deficiency . yea like elaith metioned almost any gift will be fine . stationary , nice pens , a beautiful journal for her writing , a nice hat ( is it cold where you live ? ) , scarf , cool socks , fun slippers or ... i had this happen with an estj male who apparently is still romantically interested in me . can't tell whether he actually likes me or the idea that if he ' gets me ' he will forever have control over ... hmm a lot of people mentioned getting revenge on that person . personally , i think the worst form of revenge and easiest on my conscious is not reacting to the situation ... not letting the person see ... love reading . haven't read fiction in a while but when i did i would read well over 10 / week --> 520 per year so yes i can very safely say i've read well over 5,000 novels in my short life ( < 25yrs ) ... i'd immediately inform the test moderator or prof whatever and restart with a pencil after negotiating as much extra time i could * fingers crossed it's not an sj prof * lol polexiasmallpox can't tell whether you are joking or actually serious ! there was and is no fight that i am aware of . i was asking a question because it's something i've been curious about for ... wow i wish i could just shell out $ 50 bucks to do the official mbti . did you find the questions to be consistent with the evsi , svsn , fvst , and jvsp usual stuff , or were the questions more aimed at ... do you also picture half naked men in a leather flap caveman thingy or should i call it a thong ? : tongue : but in all honesty i find the whole ukrainian / russian language thing somewhat of a puzzle ... ugh don't ask me how i came upon this post but whenever i hear or read any ukrainian language i instantly think of village folk . i can't believe ukrainian is still even a language . do you know the ... what are the different seasons ? top early spring and bottom end of summer ? yep : laughing : i was trying to use a scientific explanation as to why the istp gaze seems warmer and not as penetrating as the intj glare . there are plenty of other subjective physical qualifiers ... i find this link quite helpful in explaining the common demeanor : when does an istp look like an intp or intj ? in conversation i have an istp sister and her number one complaint to me --> you are ... yes ! argh ! but then again you can sometimes use it to your advantage tehee . this is a complaint against isfj types based on my extremely needy isfj sister . by needy i mean she wants everyone to need her and cries at the drop of a hat whenever she senses anyone is excluding ... freedom which is why i think free time / vacation currently has the most votes ( although i didn't vote ) . why is the below not on the list ? - freedom - intellectual pursuits - health and body ... what are you studying ? life in academia is a whole different world . it's pretty nice and can be quite lazy actually and the benefits are amazing depending on how great the campus and offices are :P master's and then various certificate programs ( undergrad in mechatronics , then grad in mechanical engineering , then management programs ) . sigh , kinda wish i hadn't gone the grad school route . the ... with those eyes , your cat has too much se going on . that would be one unhealthy intj cat :/ i'm in the same dilemma . currently looking for a job although a few places i've previously worked for are fighting for me to come back to work for them yet it seems like there is no way for me to ... yep . especially since you are a difficult to read enfp . a straightforward person is a sigh of relief for any ixtx type . i've met some istps both male and female that were very nice and in tune with their fe ( and no they were not isfp with the fi main function ) . they're the type that easily gets hurt at things i say . i ... not sexist . that is the absolute worst and deal breaker for me ! i'm in a generous and silly mood right now . hmm , shall i post or shall i not ? ah yes i forgot about the smile ! : tongue : and occasional silliness ! if he lets you touch him ! ! ! or if he tries to touch you or tries to get closer to you when you are sitting or standing together , etc . hmm not sure whether he is romantically smitten yet but if he ... random mbti types coming to this thread and saying , wow , you intjs are annoyed by everything ! uh yea , there many things that actually don't bother an intj but would probably annoy > 95 % of the ... yep seems istj . sigh , why do you even like him ? ok i think i'm done with this thread lol . btw how do you know he is intj ? to be honest i get a vibe that this guy is an istj not an intj . istjs tend to need more quality time and hanging out and blah blah blah really slow and easy friendship ... just trying to be helpful ^ ^ ^ you mean philophobic ? btw i chose the picture ( off google ) because it looks just like me as a child and especially the glare . that is exactly the look i had on my face while reading your post ;) ... bahahahahaha sooo truuue ! you are so awesome emberfly ! ! ! xd we need to hang out sometime.lol :) ) ) ttyl edit : / sarcasm '