' hello , you look lovely ... a quick recap on the general journey you've been on so far shows you how awesome you are : weighed down by preconceptions , fears , misfortunes , inexperience , and peer pressure , you set out on your ... waterloo sunset by the kinks https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-D9xcZgKX4 song about a guy who feels content to observe life from his balcony because he can experience intense emotion from ... why is he scared ? she felt like checking behind her for a shark or something . why is he scared ? she asked herself again , hearing his hurried , head-scratching responses drift over her shoulders ... i stumbled on this video and was touched by it . it's making me feel hopeful even though it's a sad song about a tragic event . i'm grateful for people who find ways of loving even the worst things we ... the best way to describe my lengthy experience with depression comes from psychologist alice miller who said , depression consists of a denial of one's own emotional reactions . this denial begins in ... http://personalitycafe.com/customprofilepics/250x188xprofilepic19959_9.gif.pagespeed.ic.CTHIUBXNN1.jpg https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OVwZ2AMMcwg it's been a while since i've posted one of these . here's an original song called all god's angels . ah , gotcha . certainly not trying to depress anyone here . i am seeing something a bit different . i see a view that says , no matter how hard i try , my true self will not let me go on deceiving myself ... i hope to convey a message of acceptance , and i'm sorry to see what you've read into it . dr . jung assigns no blame when describing how he's observed many introverts interact in peer groups when they ... i've been reading some of dr . jung's stuff today and came across this summary of troubled introverts . it describes a place where i've been too many times before - clueless , whiney , and self-centered ... sounds to me like you're in a double bind sleepyfox . you feel the need to be more assertive , and at the same time you're afraid you will anger someone by saying the wrong thing . i struggle with this ... i've been doing some reading on introversion today and went to jung's psychological types for an explanation of introverted feeling . he describes them as animations of primordial images , or deeply ... we each can have our own version of this story but in mine she sells the land to someone who likes to farm and does whatever she wants to do with the money - say , move to the city and begin her ... i have to go with urban because my soul possesses the following qualities : - lots of commotion - great art galleries and museums - lonely , homeless people - rich , highfalutin hucksters - a police ... infp jumping in here , sorry my room is getting stale atm . yes , you are slow to form a conclusion because your mind is calculating all possible outcomes of a simple problem . you are too smart for this ... socrates ( probably no intj ) said something like the more i know , the more i know nothing . aristotle ( probably the greatest intj ever ) said , “ the investigation of the truth is in one way hard , in ... sorry to be a nosey infp but our room has gotten a bit stale lately . how would you respond to soldiers who jump on grenades to save their comrades ? or the firemen who ran up the world trade center ... talk to a counselor at your school about this , really . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LLoyNxjhTzc the daughter doesn't take over the farm because she never wanted to farm . you're not normal refugee . accept the struggle that entails because it makes you awesome . my compass is spinning all directions . like i'm standing on north . you have identified a spot where you are tender . that's a good thing , and don't deny someone else the joy of friendship because you feel incapable of reaching out to new people at the moment . i ... you're extremely kind so give yourself that , you emotional mess you ! there is a second inner voice that is telling you that you are worthless - you need begin to laugh at it ! it does you no good . i ... http://personalitycafe.com/blogs/brady/back-basics-being-me-16806/ expect a new post soon ! thanks for the idea and please follow if you wish . the world can be cruel , and you have come through your struggle with a great deal of strength and wisdom . i sometimes wish an individual's internal deficiencies and talents were as apparent and ... the analogy was meant to illustrate the point that providing for a child's economic , physiological needs is different from providing for a child's emotional needs . clearly those needs are not or have ... ouch , ! you really just completely invalidated ' s emotional reaction to the way she is being treated by her parents . it's a parent's job to provide for their young , and although ... i can relate to your experience . i recommend the link below , but would caution you from burning any bridges . just forgive yourself for being affected by their ignorant , inconsiderate behavior and ... thanks , i hope it had lots of chocolate ! when one reads a biography of someone famous , like napoleon , madame curie , or abe lincoln , there is often a great level of detail that seems irrelevant to the image you have created of that figure ... i am wiser than this man , for neither of us appears to know anything great and good ; but he fancies he knows something , although he knows nothing ; whereas i , as i do not know anything , so i do not ... i was recently diagnosed with pure-o , or primarily obsessional ocd by a psychiatrist . it was pretty moving to realize at 24 that my way of dealing with the world is abnormal , but i came around to ... well , we've got high standards . the problem with the find your own meaning rule is that it opens the door for a lot of nefarious actions ( one's meaningful life might entail rape , torture , and murder ) . i'm going with give ... politics is the dirtiest business known to man , and i have a lot of contempt for the mainstream us media for the way they turn current events into reality tv contests . seriously , who the hell cares ... dog 8food it's been a while since i've posted one , back at you here . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qPkgNQhBsJo&feature=youtu.be @ dog 8food that's delightful ! haha ! made my morning . great voices and musicianship ! cool thread tp , i thought of a few : let's play taboo ! you're under arrest i'm your secret admirer your socks don't match your belt i was a debate champion in high school this movie ... well it ain't gonna be boring in america today . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DJVtFpZl7-Y not a bad quote . not bad at all . targus 28 i figure depression is a habit of negative thought . you fall into it when you're stressed , or ill , or without sleep for a while . in short your body quits being a source of strength and so ... zebunnyqueen why , because they seem so damned happy ? i'm not in a position to disagree with any of the women , but one of my ex-girlfriends said the first thing she noticed about me was that my socks matched my belt . i hadn't thought it up that way , so ... bottes a very nice track from my favorite radiohead record , http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oq7a3bUm8Ps i never voted for turtle . i would've lobbied for grizzly bear or dolphin . http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_Y8dVgrlzuG0/SpCCtMM3ZuI/AAACW0/ljtLPMOmV1E/s1600/grizzly%2B6.jpg ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zzyfcys1aLM 3 more : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OSqOpxq4Iy0&list=UUI_frma7K4h_qggZeBl5kTg&index=1&feature=plcp ... hey infp's , you've been so kind and thoughtful in the past i thought i would show you these original songs and perhaps get a little constructive criticism . i took a hiatus of sorts from songwriting ... '