' i really just hate it when the person gossiping is trying to get me to change my view of whoever it is to match what they are saying and reassure themselves ( you know what i mean ? right ? isnt ... you've caught the narcissism ! quick run to the store and buy an egocheck kit ... but really . i agree with what many others have said , i used to think this way too and it's more of a ... warmth 1.7 / enthusiast enthusiasts are lovers of ideas . they spend a lot of their time in their minds , exploring ideas , establishing theories , and understanding phenomena . usually they like exploring scientific ... yes . sounds like you need to chilll outtt maaannn .. haha no just kidding . yeah could be any one of those things , or you could just not fit into mbti very well . no worries . it shouldn't define you ... oh , i was assuming the proposal was outside of the imminent death scenario . my fault . in that case - of course , darling . entrepeneur oh dear . past : hilary duff floral patterns scrapbooking peace signs facebook ( ... ) writing song lyrics and singing them just to myself though bc i am horrible amoeba-ish patterns all of them ! i'll get back to ya : cool : ( like to keep my options open , sure you understand ) i mean infinite change . not just one . fuck obviously the ability to change my superpower whenever i wanted . i got esfj , but then on that particular test i usually score intp or very slight preference extroversion over introversion . good idea ! all my closest friends are introverts--that being said there's like , 3 . and that's pretty much all my friends . friends that i would actually consider friends , like make me a better person and i ... are you a rager ? an unpredictable berserker prone to raging on a regular basis ; mm ... no . maybe when i was a kid . it was usually little annoyances that built up over time and i was finally so fucking ... i didn't finish this .. but why don't you ask him ? hmm yes . nobody knows who i am . but that just means i get to be whoever i want . : ninja : i remember thinking when i was a kid , ok so like if heaven and hell are real .. what the fuck is anyone doing by doing anything but constantly following every aspect of their religion all the time ? ... it's pointless for me to identify one . so i guess .. change ? for me , life is about being dynamic , open , willing to periodically kill your old self and start fresh . if you're not challenging yourself , ... ron has gotta be an introvert . i also don't see april as a feeler , probably intp ? maybe intj , but i think she's rather witty . domino by aphex twin . i'm either entp or intp depending on how confident i'm feeling at the moment ( which usually has to do with them , too ) the enfj one scares me with its accuracy .. : shocked : istp is good too , lol in short : shit that doesn't matter . it won't benefit either of the conversationists to talk about it , neither of them really care , it's desperate , etc . maincoon yeah . organic is tough stuff . but for general chemistry it's good . and if it's math or certain sciences , khan academy rocks . yes , holy shit , ambient music is your friend . i recommend aphex twin ambient works 1 & 2 . speaking of friends . teaching things to other people helps me remember them so much better . actually ... let me put it this way : if i'm not able to live forever i'm gonna be kinda pissed . yeah , probably . i hate that show though . it's right under big bang theory . my brain is constantly coming up with ideas that are , if i do say so myself , absolutely brilliant and creative ... what i need is an entourage of people to follow me around and carry out my ... extroversion | | 56 % orderliness | 32 % it's kinda like your avi , actually . breaking bad . marathon that shit . then you can decide what to do with the rest of your life . yes to the pacing , although i usually do that when i'm alone and talking to myself . i'm pretty conscious of how i appear to others ( or maybe i just think so ) . physically , i mean . i used to think i ... i dunno , i think i'm parts of both . they seem too extreme to me . when i was a kid and the carpet cleaning people would come to my parents ' house , they would leave those yellow styrofoam type blocks under all the furniture as to not mess up the carpet while it was ... my best friend is an infp . but he has this thing where he really gets where i'm coming from ( most of the time ) with my t-ness , i think without that i'd get tired of shit real fast . he's just really ... i don't usually actually feel things . i recognize that things happening should evoke certain things in me , and i might say oh i'm so excited or something , but generally i don't actually literally ... yeah . i try to just tell myself , a semester is not an eternity . four years is not an eternity , no matter what it feels like right now . like someone before me mentioned , getting started is the hardest ... the counselor . best movie i've ever seen country of origin : usa country lived in the longest : usa nationality : german .. but that was a long time ago . urban / suburban / rural ( when you were growing up ): rural yeah . you're not alone . it may not get better in highschool , and yeah the system fuckin blows , but there's no other way to get things done than to do them . ( yeah super profound right ? ) i know that ... 62 % intp 21 % entp 7 % infp 4 % istp 2 % enfp this is still my favorite answer on this thread if you haven't seen this movie , please don't read this thread , it's too good of a movie to be ruined . so i just watched this for the first time about a month ago and since then have watched it ... that hash house thing sounds awesome . i've tried improv in theatre classes before , i just can't do it . i see too many possibilites that i see like , none . but you made me think of another thing i do ... i take this as more of a compliment . yeah except i'm not a fan of a lot of those .. but you gotta admit they're pretty together . i prefer softer colors though and less orange 28 , i started picking generally angrier ones once i missed my first one . bc i felt i had failed so i was kinda angry but then i got it together again @ gracehess 42 '