' please feel free to read my personal post if you have any interest in why i believe i am a sociopath . i just checked this and saw the responses . if you have questions for me i will answer ... first of all i am not implying all entp's are sociopaths or that there is a correlation between being an entp and being a sociopath . i was just curious because i am a sociopath ( a pretty tame one but ... i greened out my first time this last 4/20 . worst feeling ever i was so nausea i had to lay completely still then passed out for 5 hours . if i apologize and they reject it i cannot say i would really care unless i did something extremely terrible . if you don't accept my apology and it is over something i see as silly you can sort it ... * being super high * when you pee after having to pee really bad for hours * orgasm * that strange calm you feel when you see the life of the person you're currently choking leave their eyes . ... see this my my logic behind it . i would have to go alone or with someone who just literally couldn't care where we went . awesome response and it is very similar for me . if someone is extremely emotional it is a struggle to help them but i try my best i just cannot understand their approach or why they feel a certain ... tainted streetlight how dare you suggest you can smoke to much weed ! ! but yea , i think i use to be that way but i just don't find it to be terribly useful i guess . i have had many guy friends who ... this is kind of a test to see if you're thick skinned and can handle your own . if you can we take that as being sensitive if you come off sensitive you might be emotional . being sensitive and ... hence , the struggle i just explained about having the edge and why comfort is so important . brilliantly put ! ! i know a ton of girls even one that is a best friend but no romantic interest . you hit something i mentioned in one of my own threads but not this one : intuition . as rational , ... i agree with the point that very rarely do we come across someone that we can come into our own with but i have to disagree with most of those people being in the upper echelon . the trick is in ... ^ ^ when it comes to presenting myself this . i want to look nice when i go out but i want to do it in my own way with my own style . there are obvious exception if i walking to the store for something ... then it sounds like you're in a good place ! ' the game ' is simply part of process but yea never take it too seriously . and thank you but sometimes playing it cool can come off as being uninterested ( a ... i will be 80 and wearing hoodies i love them . i didn't have a meaningful relationship until i was 19 and really haven't had many since platonic or romantic . obviously learning about the person and just kind of observing them is important but try ... sodaude i really like this advice ! 1.sd is the end goal but i don't think i can afford the cost of living right out of college we will see though . the way you describe it sounds like a perfect ... honestly a girl that is really dressed up for something that is casual makes me think she is high maintenance and that's right at the top of my turn offs list but don't appear sloppy either . i really ... space and fun are always great but make sure he is serious when you feel there is an issue . we like improving things to and i am a stickler for good communication and openness . luckily for you ... that is interesting to hear i am 25 and to me i prefer to take things slow including friendship first because then i can at least get a friend out of it if anything . the only really good ... i agree . i think as entp's we of all people should realize that while we are blunt and truthful there are parts of us people don't see . why couldn't that apply to others as well ? i feel lucky to have ... ^ i really like this . wit and intelligence can be a turn on but if i am speaking to someone who seems very aware of the world around them , uses rational more than emotion , thinks differently , and ... yea that is something i have considered and why san diego while my favorite is at the bottom of the list . i am leaning pretty heavily towards denver at the moment because i heard just outside the ... that is a fantastic observation and makes sense . i wonder if that is just how other people react to most new people they meet . it is a great feeling and relaxing however i don't envy those who do it ... nujabes exactly ! i still haven't figured out if it is a good thing or not . i get very intrigued because it seems like new territory so it is hard to pull myself out of it i have that drive to go ... i will check it out ! i really do not know much about dc as i don't have any friends from there . now that i think about it in 9 out of 10 cases a smoking jacket was involved . it sounds like we have to turn to science for the answer ! p . s . please get me into the mansion so i can die with a ... a recent event made me start thinking about this . usually when i meet new people i give them the same apprehensive treatment as everyone else until i build a profile and sort them but on very rare ... powershell denver , san diego , nyc , and boston are at the top of my list . i toke so denver and san diego definitely have an edge . powershell i understand that feeling i find myself hating the place i live after 2 years . it's not that the location is unpleasant i just hate the feeling of being fixed to a location . powershell i hope you do it and if you do good luck ! ! deathripper well you seem to have significant head start on something that tends to create a lot of drama most people . i am glad i could help you feel more reassured . you'll hit rough patches and ... in combination i use what people say and what they actually do as a sorting tool . this may come from the experience in the military as well where many people talk a big game but when it comes down to ... i'm a college student that is still on summer break and is not currently employed this challenge isn't even fathomable to me . i'm sorry it's just that they cannot honestly expect us to do that . first they make us read it all then they are sending us to forced labor camps in north korea . absolutely ! chaos can be both fun and stressful but i need it . anytime i feel like i am drudging down the same linear path of life other people are i have to break away from it . also doing sometimes ... usually when i come in on a thread by someone else that is already a few pages long i read the original post and maybe 2 or 3 others then i just go to putting my 2 cents in and may not read any other ... it's a tough challenge i feel i couldn't resist the urge to make it happen . see hookers would be more complicated for me i mean casual sex is pretty cheap and i would spend more time trying to get the hooker to have sex with me for free than actually having sex . deathripper first off let me say holy shit you're the most well spoken 15 year old i will probably ever meet . second , high school is really where you start dating and in the beginning it can be rough ... series 0 yea i agree i am just going to have to be direct and tell her this is how it is . i know she will respect that but i know it will annoy her haha . deathripper your answer and the answers ... devoid tine see i have never done that before . i am just very consistent at being inconsistent with my dating ! think dharma and greg . there is a good chance we will annoy the shit out of you at times but deep down you love us . also we are great at ideas and you are amazing at details so we can play off each ... signify that is part of it as well sometimes dating just sound more like a task than fun but i am glad to hear about your relationship ! omg wtf bro i know what you mean and i don't like the ... my god i thought no one was replying but i guess my e-mail notifications weren't reaching my phone . she's not overbearing she's just worries about me a lot and is a great mother . yes grand kids ... i'm pretty sure for most of my teenage years my mother thought i was gay ( not that should would have cared if i was ) because i didn't really date much . she no longer thinks i am gay but definitely is ... i can be a dick in general but i definitely take it to another level with good friends and it is always more playful than if it is someone i honestly don't like . i tend to prefer people that are ... i am not currently in a long term relationship but i have been and i do think i can help . it's not just about compatibility when i really really like someone i seek to create a bond that is unique to ... while i enjoy the versatility of fuck i'm a cunt man myself especially in the pc college environment . thank you ! i am not sure how everyone else got such different results though . i have to third what is being said though . i would over think the situation which is other reason i like to get the ... '