you do have the power , but only when he-man doesn't . i wish i had an attack dog . you know the answer , but you now have alzheimer's and you forgot them . i wish i were an oscar meyer weiner . the ability to regenerate , degenerate , create , transfer , and manipulate matter . this holds true in my life as well . i do need ' validation ' . i know people love me , but it doesn't seem to matter ( i wish i knew why ) unless they show it , notice me and / or my problems , or just ... i usually just hate working with people , let alone brainstorming . i'm the only one who ever does any actual work , so i prefer to work alone , but no i actually do not have a hard time brainstorming , ... right handed . yeah , i'm not special at all . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bBYy59UgUSk http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9xRWKOkDqnY elog anolamag pylagev http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SVebMKT3uDs i try to sleep or just sit in a dark room alone to think . i said try to sleep because i have insomnia , which sucks . if it's really bad , i get hot tea ( preferably green but i do have a native american ... i don't usually look like a girl , so i posted the one of my hair in its normal style so as to not confuse anyone . yes and i am on medication , but i honestly don't feel better . i haven't told my parents this because i don't want them to worry . if you have ever heard of the situation where a person can size up a person by their handshake , i am pretty sure that is similar to our stare . we can get a general sense about someone and we know its ... well ... i guess i shall start it off . i am going through a period in my life where i have an intense hatred for everyone . i have recently been in a mental health centre for aggressive behaviour and ... i have never met another infj . however , my mother has hypertrophiccardiomyopethy . this being said , i was told at 11 that she wouldn't live for six months because she was in an extreme case . i have ... i think that this and some of the other things mentioned here is because we are generally sensitive to others ' feelings and we are almost always perfectionists and we are rarely satisfied with ... mine are music ( not writing or performing ... i have no music talent . i only enjoy listening to it . ) , writing , airsoft , and video games . i have a theory why i like video games and well ... here goes ... i always take things personally . if people at school are having a bad day , then i have a bad day . if someone says something bad to me , even jokingly , i have a bad day . the list gets exceedingly ... what i hate is when people tell you to stop being pessimistic . 1 . i am not pessimistic . 2 . just because i can see the negative outcomes as well as the positive ones doesn't mean that i am a ... it depends upon which argument we are talking about . for gay marriage , legalization of marijuana , and stuff like that i tend to be very conservative . i have no ill will against people who ... i hate mornings . whenever i do not have classes , i stay awake till 6 in the morning and sleep until six at night , becoming entirely nocturnal . i even go running at 2 or three in the morning , but as ... i am moderately surprised that no one really addressed this . i have never met another infj in real life before so i could not truly say , but i know that i am a realist . i am not pessimistic or ... i think the reason why these people ask us to smile more is because they don't care . now let me explain because that seems paradoxical . they want a façade of happiness , or for us to put on a mask so ... amens all around dude . i love your analogy . :) if i knew you in real life , i would love to be your peabuddy . ^ o ^ well , from my personal experience . i value being accepted , fitting in , and being normal a lot . however , i am in no way normal so i try to seem normal as much as i can ( even though i am not . ) we ... i ran over to her . x93veg , i love you . i would have slowed you down anyways . x94 x93no ix92ll get you ... x94 i stopped as i saw it was no use . my healing killed people slowly , and had to be done as soon as the ... i looked up to see kritan enter the hatchway . he looked at me , grinned , then , before my eyes , disappeared . i knew his tactics ; he would disappear then reappear behind his victim . the images came back ... i handed him the vial containing the flower along with several others . x93perfect specimens . we can now grow them here . thank you for making that long trek up the mountain , anyone else would have been ... it was apparent that we would have to swim . we swam to where the rubble provided a cause way for us to exit the abyss , as we called it , and we alertly left the area which we were made to call home ... my eyes opened . i took my first glance at the new world i was in . vegetation had overrun some of the auditorium . then i experienced intense fear . i couldnx 92t see anja , sirus , or sentinel . i started to ... all i remember after that is sitaisx 92 howls of laughter , and the kick he delivered into my skull sending me unconscious . i dreamt of them . not just sentinel and metallurgy , but of all of them ... he pointed to a general area none of us had been to . x93it isnx 92t . this is not a maze , but a labyrinth . i saw sitais mess with it myself . x94 then a pain tugged at my neck where sitais had hit me with ... just to let you know , my story was too large for the forum to post , so i shall post it in sections . so about 20 posts later , we might have a story . :) alpha prologue i remember when xalu ... no it's not idiotic . it's very sweet and surreal . the situation reminds me of a friend that passed away in all honesty . i tried but the site disapproved of me using so much space . ( only 100 kb ) i could do like 50 posts , but i fear that would inconvenience the reader . my brother is an intj and it allows me to have very vivid conversations with him . he has no imagination at all so i have to use only logic , and cannot describe abstract ideas because he never ... i have short stories but they are too long for the forum to accept . they are 20 + pages . i guess they are not really short stories but i think they are . it depends . formal writing ( essays i am unparalleled at in my school , but something is always lost in on-line , written , and non-face to face communication . i sound more sophisticated in writing , and ... every single joke i tell has this effect : no one laughs . others tell a joke and i don't laugh . it is either degrading , not funny , or i do not understand it . ( usually for the best from what i ... it's that gut feeling that people say is stupid , but somehow we are almost always right isn't it ? we just ... know . 1 . it seems rude not to make eye contact . 2 . men typically avert their gaze when i look into their eyes , so i guess its easier to look into the eyes of a female . 3 . when i have failed , messed ... which i have been doing for years , but now the pain of doing so has finally come to a head and i needed to find out if there were others like me . never met another male , save now of course . glad to meet someone like me . :) i am vegalyp . i am the person that can wake up at two in the morning if you want to talk . i am the person who has no problem missing school to help out a friend , even though school is number two on ... i tend to believe that i am in love somewhat frequently . i have been called a puppy because i typically go back to the same person after they mistreat me , but love is supposed to be painful , ... i happen to be a male infj , and the rarity of a male infj is disheartening , but not unexpected . very few people focus more on the others that encompass their lives than on themselves . specifically ...