hello lovely infjs , i hope you don't mind me swooping into your forum like an emotionless vampire bat , sucking you of your wisdom . < / blatant flattery > i am a 26 y / o intj lady involved in a ... love the few entps i've run into . my enfp acquaintances make me die inside . no logic . i genuinely think that's down to your particular intj , if i'm honest . so many factors determine how * i * would respond to someone telling me they liked me directly , other than being an intj . some ... hi infjs , i'm an intj lady with a puzzling situation with an is / nfj male colleague , and would appreciate any insights . i started working in our office four months ago and quickly grew quite ... i couldn't be bothered reading how everyone else responded , but i think that's lovely . and lovely to send in a letter rather than e-mail too . someone else said they'd prefer letters to have some ... can't speak for all intj women obvs , but i have consistently liked entp men ( the ones i was able to type , anyway ) . it's never worked out though , so i do wonder if it's a case of , never the j / p shall ... injustice , towards myself or others , especially if those others are weaker . i decided to post a reply before seeing what everyone else wrote . - goes back and looks - after years of puzzling over this problem , and then being fortunate enough to have a close circle of 5 - 6 enfj friends who i can observe being sociable up close , i think it's a combination of stuff , ... - dies laughing - haha , i was well-aware it was a no-brainer ... but that's why the thing's puzzled me . how does he not realise how i feel , given all that's happened ! and why it's inappropriate for him to have stayed ... i think what you say is completely within the bounds of possibility but as you say , he isn't taking ownership of the situation , so there's just no way for me to be sure . it seems like i * could * just ... hello ! since i promised an update and since talking into the void evidently clears my mind a little ... to cut a long story short , we went on the non-date , and it was literally everything you'd ... i've never been told that directly by anyone but now that you say it , i realise it's certainly been ... implied by previous love interests . the thing is , it completely confuses me . why the f would ... before learning about mbti , i found it nigh on impossible to deal with , especially in romantic relationships . it would take someone either with a less strong j or who was very understanding to deal ... thank you - your responses are all really thoughtful and sensible , and some bits really resonate . the ' non date ' is tomorrow evening , provided it doesn't get rained off . it has got even more ... i'm enjoying this tale hugely - please keep us posted ! and yes . kept typing gravypour , then gravyapour until i realised it was two separate words . thegrayvapour you sound like a good egg , i'm sorry you're getting screwed around . i have done exactly what your girl seems to be doing , so i'm just going to relay what i think might have happened ... it's less about changing my behaviour to get him to like me - i know he likes me - and more changing it to encourage a bit of distance without seeming like a bitch ... i think not hanging out with him ... yeah this . you can know what you want , but actually catching it is a subtle art that eludes us . or me , anyway . a healthy , mature entp or a very understanding isfj . also , another intj . hello isfjs . i have a problem and could do with some advice . at any rate , it'll probably help my broken heart to talk about it anyway . i started a new job in april and have got to know someone on ... one of my best friends is an infp , and i often go running to him whenever i have some kind of emotional quandary . i would say not only does it reflect a level of trust on his part , but also an ... it really depends on who i'm losing my temper with . i will lose my temper at bosses on a near weekly basis , and never apologise for it . namely because they're incompetent and someone needs to tell ... it is very hard to take this seriously with your avatar . which i like very much . i've had thoughts along the lines of this question for many years . before i knew what mbti was , i felt very aware of a stigma against rational , considered women . ( maybe against rational , considered ... has anyone read this book ? it's flawed , but one of the few occasions i've seen introversion and its advantages mentioned and praised in popular culture . here's a video of the author speaking at ... i dated an intp for two years , very happily , so yes . he was pretty handsome which helped . in terms of not taking you seriously , in his particular instance , he was extremely bright but a continual ... again , that really depends on the both of you . i might put up with your changing thought processes , as long as you respected my need for you to eventually agree with a final decision . it'd be ... i suspect he has got it bad . poor boy . i like entps very much , though my romantic relationships with them have always fizzled out very quickly . some intjs have a clownish / whimsical side to them , which is probably as close as we get to ... i had to google what a toastmasters club was - that looks awesome / really nerdy ! i think work is a pretty standard way for us to meet new chums too , post school / university . if it helps at all ( since ... lilysocks ok , i think i see what you're saying , thanks :-) . i guess in that particular instance it depends slightly if your occupation can be done in a slightly ' rote ' way , if you so choose . as i'm ... i have different ' best friends ' for different situations , and i've met them all through school or university . my childhood best friend is an ixfj ... that came about through a shared acerbic wit and ... i feel like that's potentially useful advice , but i can't quite envisage your meaning in practical terms . can you give me an example ? yes , though i feel you have a biased sample here . yes , but then i just watched no strings attached so i'm not sure if my views are coming from a healthy grounding in reality . an autumn walk , immediately followed by a good pub . fleetwood mac . learning fleetwood mac on the piano . volunteering with a local homeless group ( actually this is slightly misleading . it's ... as cereszal says , that sounds to me like she's just become ( too ) attached to your messages , and probably realises it / is worried by it . i distanced myself too when i felt like i was getting too ... ah . i basically had exactly the same experience as you , but from the perspective of the intj girl . you can read about that rather unhappy relationship here . if i understood your post correctly , ... yes . i am openly suggesting that phoebes 83 date rapes her man into a healthy relationship :P . in an ideal world , it's true that you shouldn't need to make someone drunk to bring out their true ... i assume you're less interested in answers from the ladies . my dad is an intj however , and married to an exxj , so i'll try and answer from his perspective ! i would say the following , though some of ... seconded , but then i do this to people . completely oblivious to the possibility of a relationship ( ... even when i have some idea of their interest and like them as a friend ) and often wake up to it ... yep , i'd agree with that . i actually have it written down in a kind of mental notebook to be less fixated on being correct , and more to just let people talk . surprisingly , it's probably made me ... i'm surprised you've come across no one like-minded among at least your professors . again , maybe i was fortunate , but one of my great consolations through the horror that was school was having ... a very helpful delineation , thank you . inspired by this thread , i decided to ask this question - what does a healthy intj look like ? what do they need to go through to get to a better state ? apologies if the question's already been ... the number of negative responses i've seen on here makes me feel a little sad . i'm curious to know how many of you saying ' no ' to the thread title felt like you never found like-minded people in your ... actually , i think this is a fairly accurate summary of the intj condition : 57775 it can literally take me years before i realise i like someone , by which stage it's usually too late . once it's hit me i do everything that has been outlined above , namely : 1 ) clam up , and become ... well , that's basically the opposite of everything everyone's told me ! i think you're right about being proactive and aggressive , but i think i'm not keen to actively break up a relationship . i ... hello ! age : mid-twenties location : london job : journalist . specialising in technology and business , perhaps unsurprisingly . relationship status : single meandering career : awful all-girls ' ...