' update : it's been about three weeks since we've met . i'm going to visit him in a month and i'm so nervous . i shouldn't be , we talk everyday for hours . he was officially diagnosed with simple ... i met a guy on the internet . he makes videos on mental health and i found them online one day . we started skyping to find out that we both think scarily alike , almost like we can read each other's ... strattera close your eyes just pop it in as you hold onto your humanity for just a while longer then you feel it begin to fade away thank you . :) i am very different from you , but i still think i have it . i am very introverted , very much stuck in my head , a daydreamer , and can't follow conversations to save my life . right as i ... i'm a 17 year old girl who has always been way too spacey . i feel like i can never grasp a thought . words fall out of my mouth like molasses . i can't remember the last time i listened in school in a ... i'm helping a stranger from bulgaria overcome her depression . she lives in a horrible town and said she doesn't trust any of the therapists there . i feel so good . <3 suckers i'm eating waffles rn they are a + to be honest , i like both theories but they both seem like pseudoscience . sure , the mbti has functions but those are still just theories and there's no way for either of them to be backed up with ... i don't draw but i sing . can i post that ? vocaroo | voice message vocaroo | voice message http://vocaroo.com/i/s15pKnS82LxP there's this guy in my spanish class . he laughs so goddamn loud and it's so hilarious i just start laughing and he makes it ten times more enjoyable :'D intj : i relate a lot to their ni . i can our similar weird thought processes , but they are a little cold for me . entp : my god . these sexy mofos can talk about the universe with me anytime . intp : i ... you sound like my enfp friend . fuck yeah ! ! we're passionate motherfuckers . love is when you laugh so hard your cheeks hurt . hello fellow nfs :) i just wanted to say i have nothing much to vent about . i had a freakin awesome day ! ! i feel so much happier and above water for once in my life . i don't care what anyone ... firstly , let me just say that you and i are much alike . i do the same . i always have loved to put labels on myself , ever since i discovered astrology at the age of 13 . i always analyze myself , in a ... sorry don't know why that double posted someone i quite enjoy ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Hmsvqs9t7c fuck it im not doing my homework and yet i continue to write poems about procrastinating as i procrastinate i hate myself why am i like this i need to go to bed goodnight but i can't because my homework is unfinished it is midnight and yet all the stars in the universe have aligned to compel me to write words in artistic fashion and yesterday i sat as time gnawed at the minute hand on the clock for ... there is a tug of war between the brightness of my computer screen and the lack of caffeine in my brain and there is a little demon in the distance it has antiderivatives scribbled on it's ... pita bread and hummus really happy , really sad , day dreamer dan howell lol why ? ? why ¿ ? there are several pages of lengthy analysis of dan here : http://personalitycafe.com/guess-type/39665-popular-youtubers-119.html there are several pages of lengthy analysis of dan here : http://personalitycafe.com/guess-type/39665-popular-youtubers-119.html thank you . you put everything i had previously thought into words . i just had a moment of oh my god , what if he is actually an infj ? if you look through the lenses of what you want to see instead ... . i can see entp and infj , but there's no way he's an infp . he is way too logical and extroverted feeling . i don't know if you've ever seen one of his lives shows where he just talks for an hour , but ... any dominant intuitive is going to have trouble paying attention a lot because they are stuck in their heads . an ne dom does gather ideas from the outside world more than ni , but they are still ... you know you're an intuitive when you see an alpaca-goat like concept and try to make shapes with the air until a hero rescues you from the inevitability of choking on your own loneliness while ... okay okay okay . i just came back from watching a bunch of videos of him , and i can now see him a lot more as an infj . i don't really know how to feel about this . it's weird . i feel like i've really ... where exactly is that ? i can't seem to find it . i still mostly see entp , but i see where you're coming from . both infj and entp are fe-ti , which makes sense , because there is no way i can see him as ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JG3t5g1wkVY https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ex3NBcJXBQ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wLQAqAhrDPY https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A5OB6UdlR9A i ... it's weird , i don't get annoyed very often by people . one thing i can think of that recently annoyed me : two people who did not understand the myers briggs theory at all took it in school and were ... i do this all the time , and i don't know whether it's weird or not . i read something and watch a video , then read it again and process the information again , but the second time i do it , it's not ... when did he confirm this ? he seems like a total ne dom to me . all the effortless witty banter and sass in his live shows , def an ne dom . if you watch him talk , he doesn't have that ni ... thanks everyone . i feel a lot better today , cause i got more sleep than i usually do . i don't normally get that much . it's much easier to function when you get enough sleep , just hard to do . i trust ... thanks . i am kind of an internet addict - getting off the internet would probably solve a lot of problems in my life . hard for me to do though . hi , i'm an infj who is still in high school , and for some reason my biggest fear is getting trapped in a job i hate . i guess it's the ni in me that is always thinking about the future . i can very ... i guess i still technically am ... but i don't know . i feel like i've lost my intuition , and that deep , mystical insight that i guess we're supposed to have . i just feel so cut off from everything . i ... isfp . i'm tired of contemplating , i just wanna live life . enfp hands down . exactly what i was thinking . the only thing that's throwing me for a loop is that link is definitely a j and most likely an n , which wouldn't be ne . but they've been best friends since they were ... i'm thinking so , too . although rhett stated that he was an introvert , i can't imagine him as one . maybe he's more in between the two . i was just wondering the same thing , haha . if i were to guess , i'd say rhett is an entp and link is an xnfj , most likely enfj . he's definitely not a p . if you watch enough videos , he talks about how ... so these guys have a total of like 700 videos . here's a couple videos ( rhett is on the left , link is on the right ): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vXm3xyuFItk ... '