' wow . that was ridiculous . i fell slightly left of center and slightly below the center on the vertical axis . i just filled in the dots in repeating pattern so it may not be an accurate result ... it may have been mentioned already , but getting married doesn't have to be expensive or involve a religious setting , at least in the us . you can get married by a jp at the courthouse in most places ... so i played with this for a bit , and depending on the length and sample of text , i got david foster wallace ( twice ) , h . p . lovecraft ( twice ) , charles dickens , and cory doctorow . which didn't tell ... don't forget that the finishing blow in the big fight at the end must be shown as a series of intercuts between three different camera angles , and at least one has to be in slow motion . so far ... oh , i know . and if i'm upset , it's not over this and i'm certainly not upset with you . being tactful and saying what's socially expected and accepted just got a little tiresome , so i decided to just ... why do you think you need to defuse this slowly ? it doesn't really sound like a potentially explosive situation that's going to ' blow up ' if it's not defused . and i don't see why you'd need to do it ... i concur . profound shit is one of your hallmarks . ;) possibly . it would have cost me the friendship , although i doubt that's worth very much , so no , not priceless . just valuable , or worthless , enough to go with tact rather than speaking my mind . it ... an example of the use of hard learned tact and social grace : friend / acquaintance of mine announces she's ' expecting ' . i smile and say , ' congratulations ! ' when what i really want to say is , ... chemistry | ˈkeməstrē | noun 1 the branch of science that deals with the identification of the substances of which matter is composed ; the investigation of their properties and the ways in which they ... whenever i've had that kind of a break-up , the subsequent anti-psychotic meds wrecked my libido too much for that . ( jk , i'm not on any meds , and i mean no offense . solfonny's post needed a ... wait , are we talking about inter-personal communication , or inter-personal connections ? like who understands you , or who ' gets ' you ? personally , i don't think i'm that hard to understand , in ... i'd agree with that observation , but i don't really know what to make of it in terms of explaining ' why ' . it may have something to do with the new year , and spring being sort of associated with new ... i generally dislike argument and debate . in my observation , most people feel compelled to ( quickly , reactively ) take a stance on everything , and aren't able to change their stance on anything once ... wow . honestly , it sounds like there was some mutual interest there , you explored a relationship , but it didn't work out . it's tough when you fall deeply in love with someone and they don't ... canadian baby is the nicest . i usually just have coffee and painkillers though . i'm not big on color coding gender in general , and i have some issues with the pretty pink princess marketing angle , but the use of pink and blue in the perc profile block doesn't irritate me any ... what i don't understand is how come , when things are ok , people are always asking me , what's wrong . and , what's the matter ? but i don't think i've ever had anyone ask that when something was ... love . $ 15.00 and a pair of sneakers . tuesday . i used to think i had a picture of misstheground by my computer , but i've recently been informed that it's in fact just a stick figure drawing . omg ! yes , we should like so totally do that ! ! ! on second thought , let's not and say we did . on third thought , let's not even say we did . ( on fourth thought , is having four thoughts about ... sure . i was going to respond in a pm or vm as it seemed tangental to the initial post , but then i realized mindslinger knows what he was getting at better than anyone in the op , so maybe it's ... we're good . basically what kind of rubbed me wrong was the line about , ... assume the native indian culture , popped into existence today . no history behind , it just started today with all the rules ... it sort of is . fred argued a lot with his friend richard about it . lol . it's not a current or previous focus of interest . i guess it falls under the greater umbrella of design though , which does sort of intrigue me . like there are different knives for slicing fish ... do vocal lyrics have any place in music , or are they mere distractions from the true point of music ? would fred have had a different opinion on this if he'd ever heard the blues ? < bums a smoke ... greetings ! you seem trustworthy . join us . ( and i will give a cookie to anyone who gets that reference . although i don't bake , and i do lie . ) also , i was also unsure about the mbti forums , ... yep , i agree with the post note . thing is , you don't have to have a war . a war is some kind of conflict between people . this is what i was referring to with terra nullius . there was no war of ... fair enough . :) i'm guilty of unfairly assuming knowledge on your part ; we're intps , we know things , right ? ok , so in the us , ' native american ' as an ethnic / minority status is something conferred ... this isn't exactly answering your question , but i don't self-id as native american , no . but that statement in itself's pretty loaded with implications that speak to the question in the op . no ... that would probably be best , if i'm going to participate in this discussion . i looked up how to spell it , even . and i can't pronounce fred's last name either , apparently . :/ this is why people think you're 50 . most people who are 50 don't get this , let alone most people who are 30 , or 25 , or ... :) but no , you're not the only person . my suffering is very important to ... to misquote or paraphrase bill gibson , ' in the future , communications will be faster and denser . ' the people communicating on twitter seem very fast , and very dense , to me . i'll see about giving ... thank you kindly . :) lol . and yes , i totally fumbled my summon jennywocky roll there . what do you mean ' we ' , white man ? that said ... nonexistent or still traditional ? it's the nature of cultures to clash when they come into contact ; you're asking me what the world would be like ... nietsche was pretty awesome . he also drove himself insane . and , he was pretty expansive in his philosophies . would you care to narrow the field a bit in regards to the topic of discussion ? it's not types so much as certain people . jennywocky reminded me recently that when someone's refusing to engage on a rational level , you're totally entitled to engage them with your fx ( <- i hope i ... i ignored or discounted these things until i was in my early 20s . and then i had a moment of realization that life was mostly distress and misery , and it felt really good to wash my face with a ... ok , i'll play . but eleven pages ... really ? but i got a cool little badge of colored bands that makes me think of the 1950s ! :) reserved inventor . personaldna | your true self revealed - fast ... this is kind of off the topic of the op , but that topic is pretty complex so i'm going to respond to this while i continue to consider that . :) first off , just take it as a compliment that you're ... despite knowing better of the specifics , i'm going to continue to imagine this exchange as occurring between william burroughs as the passenger , and jackie gleason as the bus driver , and it's all ... yeah , half the time i may as well be summoning cthulhu too . most of the conversation i have is just formalized exchanges . and at this point in my life i'm able to be very selective about whom i converse with beyond formalized exchanges . and even still , ... flaunting gender conventions , i can both read a map and ask for directions , thank you very much . my sense of direction is pretty good , i think , but i get my directions flipped around in the ... as i said , this has given me a lot to think about personally . and i'm still thinking about it . but i've been thinking about the question in the op as well , and i'll try to address that a little . ... i'll have a go at a more serious response . this morning , my life seems like ; you know that great song by that one band who were really , really good ? i haven't heard that song in ages . you don't ... you know how sometimes you find yourself having to explain to someone what the difference is between a metaphor and a simile ? it's kind of like that . wow . i can't say i can totally relate to everything here , it's given me some stuff to have a serious think about . thanks for sharing . yes , but it's often that way when one lives in a popular vacation spot , whether that's hawaii or the intp forum . ;) sure . let us know what we can do to help . should we stare at you for extended lengths of time , engage in awkward conversation , just fail to connect with you on some level ? we are here to not be ... '