' you know , like someone you've known for years suddenly for some reason becomes short tempered , yells , and over all becomes verbally abusive or worse ? . sure , they may be stressed or have other ... noriko from tokyo story . in her mind , she never did anything good , wasn't kind , nor caring . only selfish and undeserving . she thought so low of herself that she just couldn't see for the life of ... what do you do when your highest score is an 8 , and your second highest score is a 5 for four different types ? ! : shocked : ahhh ! you and i seem alike in this way . i get easily attached to others too , but , only after i've allowed myself to do so . at the start , everyone is at arms length . i try to take in the behavior of ... my intent was pretty clear in the first sentence . how to cope . i've had friends come and go , and friends that i've known for 10 plus years that drop in and out of contact . i've never had a ... i think it's possible he thought that . also , i don't think it was a parent-child type friendship . that i helped him and worried about him when he was going through extremely painful times alone , ... at the times , yes . at times , no . part of it is i feel guilty for some of the truths i told him . also , he isn't backing down . at some point i'd have to admit to a awful insult i didn't say ... i wonder if there's any point in emailing one last time . i didn't get a chance to say my peace . as evident by his last email , he's gone away thinking it's all my fault , i don't know any better , i ... i know . i do feel guilty and sad about a few things . it wasn't even a year ago he told me i was his best friend , so it's hard to believe sometimes . the last words he said to me , though they weren't ... how do you cope , fellow isfp's ? i am unsure of this man's type ... had a friend for 4 years . we never met . i'm in my 30 ' s , he's significantly older , unmarried , has 0 family . no friends until ... how to cope ? i had a friend for four years . we never met . he's older , unmarried , has zero family . no friends until recently . i've been married for years . husband knows . friendship has been ... say a i hear good friend telling me for a while that they need to get a camera . they don't have one . the last two they had broke , etc . they've been wanting to get one for a long time , blah , blah , ... raskoolz , thanks for your reply . it helped a lot , believe me . i know ! i don't want to be bothered . more than anything it's how he has shown me he doesn't have to respect like he expects ... yes . of course . this is something i understand . i don't care who takes a break . the problem is he doesn't say anything . he may think why i should i have to say anything ? like i told him , if your'e ... sorry this is long . i don't know if i have high expectations of people or what . i have a friend of some years that talks to me a lot . for the last 2 years , we talk pretty much every day . we ... wisdom sorry to hear this . by the way , him saying he can only go at the pace he's comfortable with is a piss poor excuse . no one , regardless of personality type , is going to have a successful relationship ... saying entj's are bossy and uncaring could be considered a stereotype . but , as i've learned thus far in life , there are truths to every stereotype . i can only tell you that the few i've dealt ... thanks to p , i am not a rigid sob . get over it . seriously , get over it . and honestly , it's nice that you recognize her potential well , that's her prerogative . not everyone wants to be out there where everyone else ... yeah . i do . ultimately that's not the point . wind rises could have been nominated for best foreign film , but then it would have taken the place of another good foreign film that was not ... your sun and moon are in ... i forget what it's called . but reverse the placements of the two , and each would be in their best signs ( the sign of their rulership ) . as for me ... sun & mars - ... gemini sun virgo moon leo rising yes . lutheran . guess i'll throw a wrench here . yes , i am a phone person . the phone rings and i see who it is . there is one person in particular whom i've had long conversations with . hours . other than that i can ... not going to waste time with all kinds of advice ( others are better at it anyway ) . he's an asshole . his friends ( ganging up and teasing you ? ) are assholes too . are they all like 15 or something ? ... i have similar reactions . have these fantasies persisted throughout your life ? have you ever acted on these fantasies ? do you allow yourself to use these fantasies ( even if you don't act on them ) to help you get off ... this is an interesting point of view , and one that i run into far too often . quite honestly , i don't like it . yes , if she has a problem with you because you are an intj , no , there is nothing you can ... that is sad . the typical intj arrogance has to stop . no one likes a snob , except fellow snobs , and no one likes them either . learn to curb that for the future . you need to talk with her and ... oh god ! that is awful ! do your parents want you to leave and make your own life ? i know they are not willing to kick you out , but do they mind you staying there , or are they looking forward to you leaving ? is there a ... oooh ! how long does it take you to trip that great hitler ' stache ? my . how juvenile . not really . just wanted to make sure the f stood out , since the other three letters are the same . found it ! :p roud : 85362 ahhh . i am an isfp , and i know a good picture when i see one . very helpful in an online conversation about fairly attractive males ... : wink : where's the this thread is worthless without pics ! emoticon ? ? ? yeah . : laughing : hi ! how's life ? who knows ! how's love ... ' eh . not bad . the fam , ' eh . work ? no work right now . no art either . passion ? i don't know . it's usually never around , until it is , and then the ... i think that if we heard someone else say negative things about themselves that were identical to the negative things we say about ourselves , we'd think of them the way your wife and kids think of ... yes . i am very hypercritical . i spoke to an old man who told me people don't write because they're too pre-occupied with being a writer . in other words , i should write because i want to write , not ... grow up . seriously , how old are you ? i am a teacher but i am certainly not controlling or power hungry . and most of the controlling , power hungry , dictator like individuals i've met were most ... you cannot murder someone while drunk if all the drinking actually made you pass out . also , consenting to sex while drunk is consenting . judgement is impaired , but you said yes . until you say no , ... i don't know if i deny . i don't think i do . i think i may begin to stammer , get nervous , talk too much , forget what it is that i should be saying , etc . a woman's consent is negated when she cannot or does not give it . period . let's face it , plenty of women get smashed , have sex , and cry rape because otherwise their boyfriend / husband may leave ... oh my god you're a young one ! i graduated high school before you even started kindergarten . now i feel old ! gemini sun ( oppose neptune ) virgo moon ( square neptune ) leo rising those negative aspects of neptune impart piscean traits to my personality in varying degrees , which can be a good or bad thing ... no , not the only one . i can kind of relate , though i wasn't quite as bad as you . however , i would frequently find myself doing all my homework at the last minute , even when i had a full we to do it ... i'm lutheran and i'm pretty religious . ordinary people ( 1980 ) '