so you got a phd ? ahh , yeah we're both 24 so it's not that bad . it's funny because his roommate always says i bring out the softer , calmer side of him . i'm super laid-back so i guess i'm his stress ball hahah . but ... politics , military ( mostly drone warfare and world crisis ) , race ( it's an interracial relationship ) , food , conspiracy theories , pokemon etc etc . we have a lot of things in common considering we're ... oh i was being silly hahah . my hs friends used to call me a floater or a starfish because i'd talk to everyone or correction most people would talk to me . this is my bf in a tl ;D r version especially the bolded = truth what's a clique ? yeah for sure . he knows i'm not good with change or whatever . i was talking more along the lines of personality quirks to watch out for . welp , what am i getting myself into ? he's been my best friend for like 6/7 years ... my bi-annual intp photo post http://i.imgur.com/Rc30wlo.jpg what do i need to prepare myself ? this is my first serious boyfriend so getting into being the affectionate , loving gf is going to take a while . who dated an estp ? because it's true and daria is my spirit animal * sobs * i wish i had somewhere to start . thanks but mostly thanks to my extensions : 3 can you please edit the title ? lol . i can't answer till that happens . a triangle because you can make a square with two and sandwiches taste better when they're triangular . life is like the bottom of a purse , you never know what you might find . i think that's something most intps have to deal with at one point or another . i've tried schedules , alarms , postits all over my room as a daily reminder and i still left it last minute and got a ... a lot of my friends say i am but i'm just a realist . * shrugs * just popping in o8o 81294 i say i'm not and that's it . hey guys . 69367 petty arguments , yes . debates , depends if i have knowledge on the subject so no . we're not that bad , come on ... when they actually remember to text you . i know i was thinking if y'all would appreciate an e-hug but my fe ... i can't stop it :( i was going to stay home but my best friend convinced me otherwise * shrugs * so now i'll be hanging with her , her bf and his friends . i'm back , i missed you guys * e-hug * it's not that baaad . i want to break free * rips off all my clothes * http://i.imgur.com/BUlaG.jpg i'm back . well , just my eye . ~ illuminati ~ what does that mean to you and how do you define it ? is this a trick question ? i guess being your true self . no changes . just you . do you really know who you are ? or do you try to understand who ... walks mostly , anytime i have my music in and walk aimlessly - - ideas just flow out . where do i start ... thanks for the replies folks ! i always try to be there as early as i can but then there are occasions where i'm super late lmao . i was a social media manager but now i'm focusing on branding and strategy . i don't mean only me being an intp but i know we have some traits that may fit the freelancing career . i rarely take typing seriously but i'm just curious if they are any intp freelancers that can ... i'd love to be a full-time researcher on anything but i kinda love the ad industry . long story short : i was laid off . i'm now considering freelancing but knowing how an intp is , i don't know if i'm ready for it . any freelancers in here ? advice , tips , anything would be helpful . * stares * with me if you don't ask , i don't tell . it's easier that way . wait , people want to date us ? let me give you my address ... anything i can sing to . i guess i can blame my introverted side to my mom , she would call me a lot of bad names . i learned long division / multiple and bedmas when i was like 5/6 but i hate math . i don't have the patience for it . i'm feeling pretty today 43733 my aunt is one D: i reaaallly like food . i like everything but like the op stated i have weird eating habits . i'm creating pokemon . debating ?