' i usually speak on the level of the person i am speaking to , unless i get passionate about what i am talking about , then the big words come out to make my point as clear as possible . it's great for ... oh how i love working in teams that are not really teams . here are some ideas that come to mind . if this is just a training exercise then don't sweat it , it will be over soon . if it has a real ... i don't think it a matter of conforming , as in , i used to be one way but now i have changed to fit with the group . i think it is that the human condition it amazingly similar for all of us . we all ... i think the perc intjs are very emotional and ... uh ... horny . i was surprised at how many threads are about relationships and making connections . your personality type does not explain everything about you , there are other factors as well . in my case dyslexia and dysgraphia have played a large role in my life and actually work counter to some ... graphic designer here . it's lonely being an intj in this field , thank goodness for perc ! : crazy : nikita , welcome to perc ! i work in a creative field , graphic design , and i am a strong intj . i also do not fit your typical creative type mold . for me the work i do is not about self-expression , ... i took an iq test sometime in elementary school i think , but i don't remember what the number was . can the number change throughout your life ? it is a little scary how well this works . good post by the way . that is the point i tried to make with my post , intj's do not have sole claim to intelligence . intjs that claim that all intjs are intelligent are stupid and automatically invalidate their own ... the thing about being intj is not just that we have intelligence , ( that is not unique to us ) , it is that we have a plan , and we know that that plan will work . our logo should include the words trust ... i am a graphic designer , if that helps you are all . what i like about this field is solving the problem of communicating an idea using images primarily and not words . every new job is a chance to ... e 5 / male 1 . do not attribute to evil that which can be more easily explained by ignorance / stupidity . 2 . learn from other people's mistakes . 3 . no one is really paying that much attention to ... i can prove i have emotions because they are pinned down on my examination table and have been completely dissected and cataloged . it's more like a marshmallow with footnotes and diagrams . : laughing : ... well , while i was on vacation at my parent's house i brought it up to my mom , dad and sister and they were all interested in it to my surprise . so what is the best web site to point them to to take a ... my take on this is that she may be testing to see how strong the friendship is , basically trying to find how for she can push you . usually this means that she doesn't see herself as worth of the ... to mlbh and syock : youtube - leonard cohen live in london | democracy | pbs this is why i feel like i haven't has a real conversation with anyone but my wife in 20 years . sometimes i hate being intj . congratulations on being the creator of a new evil plan ( tm ) ! your objective is simple : criminal activities . your motive is a little bit more complex : revenge stage one to begin your ... i have two on each hand . unless having two is something different than just one . my palms are almost exact mirror images of each other , which looks strange to me but i guess everyone's is that way . i go through phases where i remember my dreams more than other time . when i do remember , it in full vivid color with sweeping vistas and incredible special effects . they are not dreams i can ... that's why there are so many intj on this forum . the people who get you are right here . now we'll never be lonely again . : tongue : thanks for the input everyone . how did you bring up the subject and get them to agree ? was it difficult ? i do the exact opposite , i will turn down the brightness on the tv and just listen to the sound . this is my method of last resort when i am super stressed but must get some sleep . for some reason ... i am having a hard time typing my dad , i want to say he is intj but i think this is just me projecting . he is a very closed , private man so it's hard to know what he is really thinking or feeling ... are we including hamburgers ? if so i just had the most amazing one in a long time . 100 % beef ( medium rare ) , homemade pimento cheese , chipotle bbq sauce and fresh red onion . all of the flavors mixed ... well now i can at least change my mood to disappointed . : crazy : thanks . i'm mostly german and a lot of other stuff . a little english , irish , and way way back some french . i am very happy for you . i know what you are talking about . it's not that intj's can't form deep bonds with others , it's just that is takes us longer and we are more selective . but when we've made up ... if you are still taking suggestions i would like to propose productive as a mood . i often wish i could choose it from the list and there is nothing there that really comes close to it that i see . ... i would like to propose adding a new mood icon to the list . i often have perc open while i'm working and getting things done so i would like to see productive as an icon . yes , i am an intj and ... welcome , i think you'll find a comfort zone here rather quickly , we're all nice folk ... for the most part . :) math is one of my weaknesses . i understand the logic of equations if i think about it , but i do not see relations between numbers or have then running through my head . i have music in my head all ... most of my humor is word-play like puns and double meanings , or it's absurdist . most of it is made up on the spot , i don't tend to remember jokes very well . my parents sheltered me from a lot of the turmoil that was my family life in elementary school . we moved 13 times in the first 13 years of my life . looking back as an adult i see that we all went ... is that what those books say ? ! that p * * * s me off ! that's not a man , that's a boy who doesn't want to grow up ! an intj can not love someone they don't respect , i don't think anyone can . not all guys ... on the physical side - long hair , don't really care what color , just that it is long . full , natural lips . eyes , light blue or grey with that dark ring around the outside . and a face that's more on ... you know when to step back and let your opponent do the hard work of proving you right . did you go to a montessori school ? my experience in elementary school was particularly traumatic and i think it did a great deal in reinforcing my introverted tendencies to the extreme . but i also had one of my best teachers in ... hey ! you must live near me ! : laughing : american on the east coast , to the south a ways . i am so glad i have boys . i don't think i could stand a daughter growing up , dating and getting married . i don't think the guys who tried to date her would hold up under the pressure i'd put them ... i think intjs are similar , but are not all the same . there are other factors that shape our personality just as strongly . in my instance any drive toward perfectionism was thwarted by mild dyslexia ... we take our welcoming job very seriously . you will be welcomed and you will like it . :D here's to staying decent ! welcome to the forum . welcome to the forum , most of us are working hard at having fun as well . i hope you find both here . if you'd like a book that had new words that you have to figure out what they mean as you read the book , read anathem by neal stephenson . i felt so dumb when i started the book , but it got better as ... to use your example of the dog , here's how my intj brain works . a dog - a corgi - i wonder what dogs were bred to make a corgi and how long ago ? - why would you want those characteristics in a ... i find most tv boring and insulting , only a very few attract my attention . so i was wondering , if you could write a tv show specifically for intjs , what would be the premise and plot lines ? what are ... '