' it's a dick-move for sure . going by the above and especially the point about wanting his previous ex to have seen you two together , i have the impression that his feelings for you still remain in ... i absolutely love all phil collin's songs in tarzan https://youtu.be/x3u1_181N7g https://youtu.be/RYzy8RMGaL0 i have a similar response to vivid . i would say that a person cannot change certain key fundamentals of who they are ( i'm unable to state which at present ) . rather than changing , it's more a ... i agree . for me , success is having a positive impact on other people's lives . using this definition you could build strong arguments for both but i feel that kindness reaches people at a personal ... if my child grew up to be highly intelligent but completely lack kindness i would personally feel like a failure in helping them develop . if it was reversed i would be satisfied . i also feel like ... i think i would probably just refer to them by name i've had two intimate relationships thus far ( i'm only 21 ) . but alas , neither was to be . still , something interesting came from them . the first guy said i made him realise he doesn't actually have ... i'm a 3rd year university student in the uk . undergraduate degree classifications are : 1st class = 70 + , 2:1 = 60-69 , 2:2 = 50-59 received our marks for a piece of coursework we submitted a few ... wtf ? absolutely . i like the way you think . date me . i am but it's really not a big deal :p perhaps 3-4 days without much contact until i start craving human attention . then all i need is a couple of hours communication in-person and i'm good for another few days . i do chat online with a ... if i had already made peace with it and are pretty much over the breakup , definitely not . i won't go back . if i am still grieving and thus emotionally unfit then i'm unable to say i wouldn't ... so , some background . i'm in my final year of my three-year business management + marketing degree at university in england . the grades are first class ( 70 + ) , 2:1 ( 60-69 ) , 2:2 ( 50-59 ) . results for the ... here's mine ft . arm hair . an omega constellation from 1961/2 it used to belong to my great grandfather so of course it's been well loved but it's still rather charming . i'm not really one for ... although i don't have any advice for you , i too share the same experience when it comes to sending emails . i always end up re-reading multiple times and consider all the possible ways for the reader ... it's fascinating to hear people respond with how they feel about a past event . a few years back i wanted to do a project where i try to contact people that have made posts on places like yahoo ... as the sun is setting and i'm either walking home or am in my room as the rays come through the windows , creating a nice glow . when it becomes dark , i like lighting a candle and lying down on my ... your experience is very interesting for me . i feel less like myself when i return home ( or rather more like i was growing up ) . i really don't like it . i immediately lose my independence and feel ... all relationships should begin with a basic level of trust that hopefully grows as it develops . if your intuition suddenly makes you feel like something isn't quite right and the person says ... well , i cry rather freely for things that truly affect me . i haven't tried crying on-demand . i feel like it would undermine my authencitiy haha ooooh yeah , thanks to snowflake minuet for reminding me , i also really love a good earl grey tea . and cats . black or white ? - - black , for me , is more relaxing . white objects / decor just makes me uneasy dog or cat ? - - grew up with them . independent and affectionate if properly cared for young or old ? ... handwriting fountain pens + ink stationery in general learning about psychology oh , and julia roberts . just intj . but i've only felt a strong fit when looking at the descriptions of infj 11quality time 8words of affirmation 4acts of service 4receiving gifts 3physical touch https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pGXBR1wR-mo i'm currently living in bristol arrogant inconsistent ( too ) emotional ( too ) sensitive judgemental stubborn weird intense plenty more . this happened one day last week . i was about to leave the room at the end of a lecture and then waited for someone . another guy , to whom i occassionally speak , made sure to say bye to me . and then ... hi , i've sent you a pm : happy : i just read through this thread again and when i saw your comment i immediately went to thank it only to realise that i had actually just done the opposite and unthanked it from when i read it a ... mango hazelnut turkish delight - i think it was rose with chocolate vanilla https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TOcDu2Bv_nc 579954 i'd also be interested in an analysis whenever possible inforjoking : happy : ( public is good ) for the past year at university i've shared a flat with 4 other flatmates . during this time this one girl has tried repeatedly to become friends with me . the thing is , we get annoyed by each other ... i'm still young , only 20 , and so until about the age of 13 i loved pokemon ( last game i played was diamond ) . i'd collect the cards and pretty much every single game . my phone isn't good enough to ... when i tell someone something and they immediately ask if i'm sure . if i wasn't sure i wouldn't have said it ! oh , and people that speak on behalf of others when they clearly have no authority to ... i wonder if you could provide any advice . i've been with this guy for 4-5 months now and some of the issues you've experienced are there with us . he's an infp . i make a lot of assumptions ( you call ... traditions are great if they're done because you enjoy doing them . what i have an issue with is when you do something or think a certain way simply because it's tradition a few years back when ... ah . well , i'm one of those wimpish infjs . i swear to god , if i hear will of the people or the establishment one more time i will lose it . hah , my first time too . i'm gay so that makes meeting people harder . before my first and only relationship , which recently ended ( met him on the same university course as me ) , i had no real desire ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tBTTd0gfkn0&list=LLI33KPk4tK39MyBlNzj6Emw&index=1 i'm really surprised that so many infjs wouldn't mind being intjs . the way they process information and generally think when it comes to other people just annoys me too much . i'm not familiar ... :) authenticity https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1nP3XB7hrFo that's real nice . seriously . i love how you put it . '