' i really think everyone has ( and needs ) survival strategies in dealing with the wider world . some of those will be viewed poorly , and that is another chapter . use ones that are effective for ... outlooks can / will change thru time , experience , circumstance , etc . hormones will color a persons personality ( as in testosterone ) . all these things have to get into some level of generalization in ... look at what you are really talking about ; a sharp focus of attention , application of learning , reliable source of endorphin + adrenaline , safe release of emotion + energy , enough free-form ... the author of the op clearly has an axe to grind . leave it at that . there are better things to do , than to wallow in the mud . 91026 grooveshark - free music streaming , online music the game of life . - or maybe it should be called , the horror movie of life - in order to win , all one has to do , is give yourself permission to change the persona you have been cast into . ( or ... o . m . g . if you only knew 90755 i have each memory preserved , but you may want to take a seat , it could take a bit to pull the exact one up for you . give them a moment to escape reality , ( the one that is overwhelming at present ) bundle them up , drag them out of the house , hit the nice coffee place , and visit your local museum / art gallery / main ... firstly , i would tell them to stop playing at a game where they can't afford the stakes . 2nd , take a while to learn how people work + interact , in general , and the expectations of diff types and ... ok try this on for size : there are some tasks that simply dont engage your attention in a positive way ... preoccupy that restless part of your brain ( you know what i mean ) give it something ... 88281 an early frost . out of africa . dead poets society . torch song trilogy . the best way i can convey some hard concepts , and a few top ideals . keep a positive / assuring / uplifting thought at hand , at all times .. to pull out at instant of uncertainty / fear that is counter ... i have always said / believed , that fear is a poor motivator . ( not by measure of outcome or expedience , rather in true costs ) intimidation in this context , is me using fear to motivate some others ... hi and welcome whats so funny ---> nothing what are you looking at ---> nothing what are you laughing at ---> it's not important tell me whats wrong ---> its fine you will feel better if you talk ... in short , its burn-out , becuz of not being involved in or feel a part of , something grander where we would find meaning . we so want to rely on others , to validate us / ideas / feeling / all that . and to have somebody to lead or ensure responsibilities are kept up . we all do it , i do it ... that will prevent being a whole ... this is as well done and to the points as possible .. can only add that i loathe being spotlighted , or a fuss made , any of that where overly a center of attention . , , just embarassing / awkward ... i was in a rural area , ordered the books , and did my own cbt program ... though no feedback , and possibly completely wrong ... seems to have helped .. i now only ever tell the dr's at clinic i have ... thats pretty much the whole dilemma right there .. thought loops with no end .. obsessed with being in a relationship , then wanting our alone time / space , sabotage relationship , devastation , chase the ... im not for sure if i want to bring this up , but , hmm lets see what happens ... when i was 16 , my best / only / friend shot himself .. 1982 , that image is forever etched into my memory .. my dad had gotten ... but it's a rock physical touch is the one ! , somewhat , quality time . words of affirmation and receiving gifts both rank very low for me . i am often , expressing of how i feel for others in ... fwd : hi - - - original message - - - from : r - yahoo.com > to : n - netzero.net > subject : hi date : sun , 30 sep 2012 01:46 : 56 - 0700 ( pdt ) --> 2:46 am local time the puppy has gotten all ... thats sooo hysterical .. not to mention , my good friend had the album , and we would play out and quote from this all the time ... * showing my age * ohhh , such memories ... mega cool .. peace . dog gammitt ... had a two seperate nightmare night , again .. acting it out , sleep walking , and burned holes in the blanket , again ... the whole deal all over , even after this latest tranquilizer showed ... its anxiety , that simple ... adrenalin , stress hormones , blah blah blah .. being where and how you are comfortable in theory puts you in a position of advantage , its that we are not in habit of / or ... everyone go by change.org - start , join , and win campaigns for change once a day , and see what petitions strike your interest . thats a start , then make one . send to your state rep . peace all ... infpblog is awesome and productive as ever . right on ... in my teenie tiny corner of existence , i like the theory that its pretty much the same as always , only our knowledge of , and perception ... i like joe vs the volcano ... its cheery when ya feel down , some great lines and relatable moments , and the more times ya watch it , the more of the underlying metaphors you see and get . this seems fairly decent , again , put your face out there on several , be upfront of intent , ppl are where ever ya find em .. https://www.onegoodlove.com/ we all are social animals , and have some ... we all have been in this negative / hopeless mindset at some point . as has anyone who is beaten on by society , or by some demographic different suffice to say , it creates more problems than it ... mostly how it grew / changed from the mindset and statement of where you started it a couple days ago . and the intelligence / intellect , soul searching , to establish , im at this point , anyone relate ? ? ... bring along space-bred chickens ... that lay honeycomb shaped eggs , from carbon nano tubes in their feed ... aha , dennys , , , back in the stone age , it was village inn around here ... i see food as a boring necessity , the same everytime , and there is far better things to spend money on ... keep an industrial ... usually , if there is no break or respite , i loose my temper , make a sceene , and then walk off . and it reinforces that ppl should back away and let me be . ( and then i feel bad or embarassed , for being ... thats a mental loop we get into . i sooo dont want to make the wrong choice , and run a list of pro and con , and but then which is really more weight or merit , all the facts ( as far as i can actually ... andrew two quick things , first , look at the flock of support to anything / everything you post , that draw is ppl value you as a person . 2nd , look at all the interest and diversity of ideas in all ... could well be the i hate you , dont leave me scenario ... essentially poor / undeveloped coping skills . the ppl here will have some insights , and as it plays out with some q / a , get a closer idea im hoping you realize how shallow , insecure , petty , follow the leader mentality , of 99 % of lbgt community is .. no matter how much we declare otherwise , and to being so unique . on and on , all ... you are in a rut . move to santafe , freelance work for the galleries and studio's . rent a casita in the foothills . see the opera . there are more free spirits than can be counted . where is your ... that is what i had said about not having two agendas .. you are desperately hoping , and lining yourself up to be , the next love interest . since that isnt to be , you settle for being the friend and ... the coldness of the air , the clamminess of my skin , and the dryness in my mouth and on my face - continental inlands are not quite my native biome . though i no longer have a home in florida , i do ... i over stepped bounds - sorry all .. aha .. dont fall behind then :) http://www.woohim.com/wootags/hoover.png?time=1349232434 http://www.woohim.com my uncle lived in oak park , anything outside the beltway ( ive seen ) is nice / decent , well not so much toward joliet maybe . we had to go down to the train station when there . its all snobitude anyway . ... masterpiece classic ... upstairs downstairs ... they are replaying the second series here now , and the 40th aniv of first series . yes , i feel ya , been there and done it , ppl can be mega cruel .. it sucks , but that will pass . remember , there is 101 trolls online , and sites status wont prevent all . most ( a huge percentage , ) are ... '