' you described exactly what i dislike about introverted types in general , lol :P they have other awesome things ... but men , i hate when they do that . what about ti being responsible for that ? do you think it might be reasonable ? when i use ni i usually end up finding myself in the opposite side , easily losing my place and not remembering what ... maybe because when you go meet someone you can use se to easily read the other person emotions , which gives confidence , and the fact that when you have someone in front of you you can completely ... i think maturity is what actually defines how you see introversion / extroversion in relationship with your type . i've been around just too many i's and i've been too introverted myself , so i crave ... don't underestimate the charm of a female enfj , lol ! not even you would resist their smiles ! ! ! : crazy : on the other hand , i might be up for recording the enfjs interaction . and i said might , i'm ... writing , rambling forever like i don't have a care in the world , daydreaming , expressing anything with metaphors ( specially when it is a feelings topic ) , preparing for anything and everything that ... i call ni / ti loop to what happens when you forget ( by choice or unconsciously ) about se . you get stuck in an endless torrent of possibilities and thoughts of things that might actually happen , ... i've been in a very dark time myself some months ago , similar to that your friend is living , and i can say that listening to the instructors of rsd has definitely changed my life for good . they ... i think it is human nature to feel kind of broken after a relationship ends , specially if it did because we fucked up and we know it . i don't think that fact changes due to types , so i believe that ... approach a thousand random strangers every day . statistics say that 25 to 50 of them will be enfjs ( 2,5 to 5 % ) ;) ;) :P now , don't take my comment exactly as a joke . there is a lot of sense in ... i don't get tired of leading because i almost always choose ( key word ) to lead . but i do like having a co-leader , or a confidant , to talk about my leadership decisions . it makes the whole leadership ... cuteness , cuteness everywhere ! the deep ni side of infjs absolutely fascinates me . haven't been around perc for a while . figured i could also post a recent pic . i'm the guy in the red t-shirt . 84099 i would award myself a 9 when i first found this forum . i would say i'm pretty close to a 3 as of today , after a year of emotional struggle and extensive se exploration . i would confidently say ... i'm currently exploring this myself . the way i've managed to become independent ( mostly , still working on it ) from external validation is easy to understand : 1 . you could like something . - it ... interesting thread , idd :) 1 . ) how old are you ? 29 2 . ) how important is relationship ( a partner ) currently for you ? i would like to have a partner , but i like to be alone just as much atm . ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aAo5kjVDe_8 i feel so good listening to this song . so chill and happy :) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tI2LwQGZTDA i'll meet my julia somewhere out there in the city , like the lyrics say :) i've been struggling a bit with some stuff lately and i believe most of it has to do with me fighting against vulnerability . thank you for sharing the video . you helped me a lot with it . lesson learned : don't be afraid to hop out of the train you are currently in , even if it hurts , or you might very well lose the train you were actually looking for . without metaphor : don't be ... i've found that lately songs speak more about my feelings than myself . funny how things go . not so many months ago i was so desperate for finding someone to talk to , and now i don't even need to ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WCwjV39s3WU today i just wish perc was a place irl to go to . i need to meet intelligent and introspective people so badly . quoting myself because i was so wrong ... once infjs trust you enough , they will be more than capable to handle that clinginess . for them , just like for us , just like several people said in their ... that would depend on how much i trusted the idea and how much i wanted his love / to be loved . i think it would be directly bound to that . this answer is too big picture oriented ... but i can't ... first feeling that would hit me would be flatter . it would boost my confidence because it would mean i have value , because someone values me . but seconds after that i would start to focus on the ... 1 . nope , not in our book :P we need to be feel that the chances of our theories being true are at least as high as 90 % + . is there any evidence of several theories being possible ? then we get stuck ... . he basically lacks self-confidence . something is dragging him down and that's why he cannot see that he is not responsible for that . when i felt that way i really really needed my partner to tell ... this song is instrumental , but it expresses so well how i feel . for me , this song expresses loneliness , sadness , pain , anxiety ... i feel empty , and there is no song that expresses emptiness ... the four stages of trust i read this article about trust not long ago . it's not the best in the world , but it helped me organize my mind regarding trust . i hope it helps . as a personal opinion , ... i gotta buy a webcam and do some videos . i've been planing on doing it since i saw this thread :P i personally don't like southern us accents that much , dunno why . my favorite accent is scottish ... i love your accent :) i would rather bear that burden than feeling this loneliness i feel , this feeling that nobody needs me . i can grow strong enough to bear any burden ... but i will never be strong enough to handle ... i didn't mean you look old :P you look super classy and that expression made me think about a cute granny . don't ask me why because i don't know , hehe :P i agree with iamken :) we were talking about this in another thread , but i think it is too dense and we could use another thread to talk about it . you can read the first part of the ... i think it's not that fi bores me , but rather that it makes something cringe inside me . tailoring everything to individual personal needs is too much trouble and it's not worth the hassle ( for me , ... you will be a cute granny , hehe :D i guess the reticence itself is natural for all human beings then ( or at least it sounds like it ) . from what you say , i think i could have much less of a problem opening up first than you would ... if you tell an enfj about the things you really love and that person is interested in you he will love it and genuinely appreciate you for it , specially if he is feeling lonely and lacks connection ... you don't have to take your words back . your intention just got lost in translation . no body language leads to a lot of misunderstandings , that's all . considering it was a joke , no feelings are ... i was insulted reading it too . assume whatever the hell you want and that's what you will think of us and of anybody . you seem like you are going to understand this terms , so i will use them ... weakness sounds a lot more reasonable , you are right . i was depressed , therefore i was weak and couldn't control my fe properly . was it meant to be or not is irrelevant . it just didn't work , even if ... what about that level of empathy when you are down and you go even deeper because your empathy floods you with your partner's bad feelings ? i believe that's immaturity , i don't know . she was an ... i feel like i should be able to pour happiness to other people even if i'm feeling real bad , like it was my responsibility because of the way i am . i guess it's all about the guilt i feel about my ... if i ask that i'm trying to understand the shape of their emotions . whenever i ask about a person i'm always trying to find out what makes them tick at the deepest possible level . i can see ... i scored 63 . i think that whenever i'm feeling really bad myself i tend to be oblivious to other people feelings . does this happen to anyone else ? there is a lesson that i had to learn the hard way . i used to believe that potential value equals real value . i can't even express how wrong that is ... i used to idealize anyone who had potential ... you pretty much described my ideal friendship with a girl . i wish i can find a girl who understands that part of myself and doesn't think i'm trying to hit on her just because i'm being more ... i mean those moments when you had too much extroversion and you need to stop to think for a moment before going on because you believe something is off . that's my ni way of expressing it , so it might ... '