from my experience , i'd say that i've noticed the generalization too . compared to my sx friends , i suck at fps's and twitch games . i'm more concerned with the narrative of games - story is the most ... my opinion about twilight is ' meh ' . and i think this is a far better position to be in than hate : ime the people who have this raging sense of ' existential justice ' about ips or whatever are the ... this thread seems to be more about series than movies , but i was wondering , has anyone seen the movie paprika ? ... i know . its also a star wars joke among fans . firstly , like others have posted in this thread , i hope for your wellbeing . in this fight with you against this pain that threatens to overwhelm everything , we're rooting for you . we want you to win ... lol oh definitely ; me too . i have quite a few little beefs with the game , the biggest of which is that i think they should have properly concluded kotor with a sprpg ; but i figure this is better ... your result for the personality plus profiler test ... melancholy plegmatic 14 sanguine , 64 melancholy , 14 choleric , 43 phlegmatic sounds about right . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OzdCdRPESps is anyone else waiting for this game ? nope . : laughing : very interesting ! kudos to you for finding that .. and yes , i am aware , and acknowledge that kts and mbti are not the same . but since kts and mbti types generally correspond very well , and ... ehh , you're still not getting me . but enough of this conversation ; explaining myself multiple times with no headway is tiring . : happy : on another note : does anyone here watch extra ... i am coming from and rl socializing perspective , not online interactions . though i do very much agree that the general gaming community is incredibly immature about sexuality and gender . it's ... : crazy : did i come off as the sexist-asshole-gamer stereotype ? well , i apologize - i'm anything but sexist . : laughing : but i still hold to my point though . however i should point out that ... while i'm not knocking on the few legitimate girl gamers out there , i find that the lot of ' girl-gamers ' are not actually into games , but are normal girls masquerading as ' gamers ' to attract ... i always thought that perc's titles for the 16 types were created by keirsey , as the type forums are listed as being based off of kts , rather than mbti . i have please understand me ii , and in it , ... human beings are incapable of administering truly positive government for any extended amount of time , whatever that governmental system may be . its proved time and time again in our dark and bloody ... urban dictionary : duckface duckface - oh internet antiduckface i am not at this moment in time , but i believe i could be . i never thought of myself as a leader kind of person for a long time , but apparently , that's exactly what other people think . and , after ... do you see how my birth-flag is blacked out ? i am not caucasian ... dun dun dunnn ... : laughing : why does the malaysian cuisine taste so damn good ? ? : laughing : i hate being dragged to malls by other people , but i like to go there by myself * ; and when i do , i'm not paying much attention to the packs of social bunnies and their mall-traipsing exploits - i ... you know what ? i think that might actually be a * major * factor for me . i'm under constant emotional stress , all the time . it's not cause by other people or a hard life or something like that - it's ... while i do indeed not feel the need to socialize , i am not socially incompetent . prolonged circumstancial hermitage , and developing of a strong ideal of being this . by making me feel crap for ... o_o the computer [ part ] prices you guys get in the us ... > . > : tongue : now that's the way to go . : laughing : when i get a decent system , imma build it . aside from the obvious benefit of ... jawz : i have a feeling a major contributing factor is stress . you say you had an injury and were too tired .. i find that when i'm under any stress of some sort , it really takes away from my ... how do you feel about your allergies ? are you bothered by them ? don't mind ? hate them ? : happy : i quite like public speaking , and general platform oriented events . i'm always a bit nervous beforehand , but enjoy it when i'm up there . and nothing gets me going like when i am successfully playing ... i don't like steam that much either - here in nz , steam prices are almost always more expensive than other retailers , especially online shops . and the sales aren't like what you get in the us . i also ... i'm of the same opinion . story is the most important aspect of a game for me . then gameplay , then visuals . 1 . star wars knights of the old republic ( i have never loved any piece of media more ... liking how a person looks it goes like this : 1 . personality ( temperament + character ) 2 . intelligence ( not necessarily academic ) , looks . 3 . chemistry 4 . other stuff ( eg , cultural ... by my observation , teenagers rebel to obtain independence - a sort of freedom to be whoever they want . so they fight authority figures who they perceive to be stopping from from having those things ... how many different accents / geographic accent differentiations have you got in ireland ? i personally quite like the irish accent . ^ ^ interesting thread ! judging by the responses , i think i'm somewhere in the middle . not immature , but have a long way to go . note to self : buy some clams next grocery shopping .. :P what do you think of the fact that some of the most significant people in your galaxy's history lived on your planet ? and did it have any effect on the economy ( eg , tourism industry created ? ) ? i just have to say : this thread .. is awesome . :'D in terms of general badassery , this guy is my hero : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-PjTuSQNLI4 ... but unfortunately , i actually try to ... i love how there are so many cats in this thread . cats = master race . this is my o ̶ v ̶ e ̶ r ̶ l ̶ o ̶ r ̶ d ̶ kitty , sandy : http://personalitycafe.com/attachment.php?attachmentid=15855&d=1306573968.jpg i was judging the answers from an infj-istp either / or metric . q . how much do you relate to the entp type descriptions you've seen ? ( just curious ) judging by your answers , i'd say you're an istp with a more highly developed fe . the ' typical ' type descriptions are usually ones with the first two functions developed . so when you have your ... nice place . its great to see a bunch of people that think the same way . some beefs : sometimes a bit to much feely-ness . often topics that call for a discussion of ideas are replied with ... let me ask you a few questions : 1 . how good are you with your hands ( doing practical things ): very good , good , ok , bad , or terrible ? 2 . do you find that some people are often offended by you , but ... one that i am at least moderately happy doing , that pays well . i don't really know what though . :/ something around the 100k mark . like most of us , i want to be able to help / better people ... yeah , its actually pretty crazy that i've never played any halo game before . i'll probably play it on pc . fpss on console = ridiculousness , imo . : laughing : what is the wrong idea ? spoiler = no watching for me . just sayin ' so who else reckons this article should be stuck in the infj articles subforum ? the points presented in the article .. i thought that was all common knowledge ? : tongue : well , i've known all that about myself for a long time now - an understanding gained through introspection ... by appearance , i'm generally assumed to be 5 years older than i am ( i'm 18 ) . i was always considered older when i was younger too .. i never got the child fares on public transport without id . :d ry : ... so i reckon shepard's an estp . possibly j , but i think p . anyone think differently ? q : a : yes . i used to be very much in love with love , but now , not so much . i still yearn for deep human connection in the form of love though . and i do love the idea of romance : i just think there's ...