' one of my biggest turn-off's and i think its an enfj thing is when others exclude people in groups or for parties or activities etc . this really upsets me . exclusvitiy isn't cool in my book . i avoid ... i have to agree about being a selective perfectionist . i'm that way when it comes to packing and traveling . also at work and organizing projects . at home however i chill out . my husband is the at ... enfj's are quite secure and confident people ... i think its more a matter of us being humble . we give greatly but expect little in return . yes , i definitly need my alone time . sometimes i will feel overloaded with work and obligations . it gets especially stresseful when others will make demands of me or ask me for help on top of this ... growing up i was always surprised and floored when people liked me . especially when it was people i had no idea about . is this an enfj thing ? i think it is . i wanted to be an artist as a kid . now i work in international humanitarian work . i love my job perfect for an enfj : happy : n its my compass and helps me figure out things and its rarely wrong j is also second most useful ... it keeps me organized and helps me plan ahead and it protect me on occasion that way . inner glow , yes of a few special rare beings . you are fake you disappointed me you let me down pretty much anyone ! but i will say i just love infp's and intj's especially : laughing : i'm an : wink : aries maybe the two of you should talk and have an open conversation . if anything you'll make a friend . if i went through life trying to avoid the possibility of losing someone or something , having ... not necessarily . my significant other is an infp . sometimes he'll come out to social functions with me and other times he'll stay home . i don't mind when he stays home as i know he's an introvert and ... a lot of enfj's like introverts . we enjoy bringing people out of their shells and bringing out their potential ... this makes us happy . i have a thing for infp's and intj's myself . they both intrigue ... yes , i have very expressive eyes and i am terrified they'll figure out what i am thinking / feeling ! i do the same thing when i like someone and its hard to move on sometimes . what sometimes helps is to make lists in your head about why it wouldn't work and what some of their flaws are or what ... i always think its a good rule not to discuss your sexual life with others ... other than the one you are having sex with . being discreet is always a good idea , even if it seems old fashioned . that way ... i'm often the one planning parties . at parties i often make sure everyone is having a good time and that they feel comfortable and are having fun . i love to bring groups together and i'm not shy ... i hate answering the phone when i am out and about with friends . i know this annoys the callers but i feel like i need to give my full attention to those i'm with especially if it will be a long ... what i think it boils down to is the j vs p function . if i were to generalize : j's more judgemental often see the world in black and white wrong vs right organized keeps track of time ... characteristics 1 ) shows kindness to those around them 2 ) optimistic 3 ) intelligent 4 ) courageous 5 ) happy physical features 1 ) i usually like tall , dark , and handsome but i will say i have ... my father is an entp and my mother is probably an infj , isfj , isfp or infp . my father and i were always close ... he would push me to try new things , did a lot to build my confidence . he had ... i'm not an intj but i love political discussions so i am also crashing :) afghanistan pakistan's isi and some wealthy saudis are the ones funding and supporting the taliban . the taliban are not ... jojo nailed it ! i am totally this way as well . i can talk to anyone but the person i have a crush on and then i become all shy , awkward , i over-analyze my conversations with that person and i blush ... i would disagree . i never get jealous of others . its not in my nature ... if i even start to feel a pang of jealousy , i remember all that i have in my life and i am grateful and i feel happy for my ... i like it shadow thanks for posting ! ! ! i think we need to be reminded about how we are good souls as well . too many posts lately about how all enfj's are manipulative , bullying , and bad . we need ... i'm so sorry enfj's are doing this to you . it really surprises me as enfj's tend to be the most caring and considerate of all the types . i myself , especially adore intj men ... there's something so ... i'd inject coffee into myself if i could ... straight into the veins ... that's how out of it i am most mornings . i think its because many of us are so high energy we need our sleep and rest more than ... as i have gotten older i've used to learn my t more and more . i think this is a natural progression for f's just like many t's learn to use their f's as they age and become adults . i love ... we enfj's really are rare people . people in western society in particular think what's in it for me when they go out of thier way to do favors for others . they think how will this get me ahead . ... intj was my result ! yup i'm a thrill seeker especially when it comes to traveling ... i tend to like the exotic , dangerous , and out of the way places . i'm also the one when everyone else is afraid to try something to ... in my experience yes i am often finding myself in leadership positions . its usually when others are reluctant to take the lead or too afraid to speak-up that i tend to diplomatically take charge for ... i love vampire and zombie movies . not twilight ... i'm talking daybreakers , 30 days of night , bram stoker's dracula , salem's lot queen of the damned , the vampire lestat , as far as vampire movies . i do ... are you sure your friend is an enfj ? i think its really rare for enfj's to bully especially out of jealousy . we tend to not be the jealous type as we are pretty confident people in general . there may ... i am the oldest as well :) ! i think the usa is an entj country ... its that superpower thing . yes , obama is an enfj which is why everyone loved his charisma and he developed such a following right away . but i think he is ... i can relate to # ' s 2 , 4 and 5 . :) as far as intimate relationships , i rarely screw these up .. maybe because instead of being the people pleaser / helpful person in them i actually let my guard ... i tend to do this as a way of thinking outloud about how much is on my plate and also as a way to organize myself as i am such a multitasker and i like scheduling things . i think its the j part of ... enfj's are deeply caring in their friendships and greatly value harmony . we get our satisfactions from going out of our way to help others which many in today's world find unusual and interpret as ... ireland is an enfj . - - everybody loves ireland they are a fun loving people who want to be liked and everyone likes them . they are outgoing and they have irish pubs and satellite communities ... well to be blunt about it ... you just rejected him and broke his heart.obviously he needs time to heal . he's not mad , he's healing a broken heart . also some guys are friends with women simply because ... it must be an enfj thing because i love music across the board ... i can listen to trance , 90 ' s , 80 ' s , 70 ' s 60 ' s , classical , rap , jazz , arabic music , swing , turkish music , spanish music , flamenco , ... summer thunderstorms going out to a new restaurant or trying a new receipe at home having someone tell me i made a difference in their life traveling deep intense intellectual conversations the ... not a morning person and cannot function without strong coffee ! doesn't matter if i slept a ton or little the night before mornings are not my time of day . as a child my father used to have to shake ... i always knew wanted i wanted to do as a career since the time i was 15 years old in high school and it worked out for me . i later obtained an ma in that field . i switched jobs a lot in my early ... knght 990 honestly i would think the person would be taking the easy way out and would be making me take the risk and do all the work for them . i would think to myself , wow they really aren't that ... knght 990 i would allow the person to do thier own thing if they were avoiding me . i wouldn't chase after that person , its not my style . the thought of someone purposely avoiding me though especially ... as an enfj whenever i have a crush on someone i act the opposite of my enfj self . i become more quiet and introverted around the person , and i lose my confidence . i become quite shy and fidgety and ... 1 . everyone knows you around town to the point where friends of friends will recognize your name and introduce themselves to you . your name preceeds you . 2 . your facebook page has a cult following ... '