' communication with my intj can be tricky i realized . it is like we communicate in a totally different way . he is very sensitive to what i say and i feel i walk on eggshells sometimes , but i am also ... this is tricky . i honestly dont know because the situation ( esfp ) wont go away by itself . and you are right , he probably is too proud to be helped by a bunch of females . maybe joke with him ... 78464 yeah , totally ! ! if i have one big task i focus on that only . i just had an exhausting lab course for some weeks , in parallel a bunch of difficult and time intensive protocols and early in the ... i try to be polite and i dont like to hurt people . but i am often too inconsiderate and hasty in communication to be genuinely nice . i agree , intjs are great but also have the need for personal development . and they can evolve as well to communicate with others . i told him i see his point in being logical about my problems . but ... entp here . i can not help with the intj / intj thing , but it is an nt / nt thing at least . i am dating an intj right now and i could never have imagined it would be that intense just by reading the intj ... holy shit , yes . my own emotions and obsessive need to analyze brain rapes me when i am in love . so , i basicly fuck myself over and destroy what we have by over analyzing and thus acting fucking ... jesus fucking christ ! i would have torn him a new one , my bf that is . what the fuck is he thinking ? ? if someone says such a thing about my bf i would tell them what i think ! i have a strong need ... it has been some time since i have let someone get that close . yes , i have been staying in my comfort zone way too long , time to jump out ! i am going to cuddle that damn hedgehog , i know he wants it ... yeah , i agree on this one . it isnt fair really to the people attracted to us . this guy is really challenging and thats what i like about him . and i know he needs me to challenge him too ... just ... i am generally not easily offended or hurt . and people who are this way in friendships can annoy me somehow , depending on my mood . however , i realized when i am in love i am so vulnerable and all my ... one of my best friends is a mature entp . he has his own business that he works in 10 hours a day . when he is finished in the night , he will sit down and write ( movie scripts , books , short stories ... i am really not sure if i am for abortion or against on one side an innocent child is killed , but on the other side it gives females a choice . from the article about entps and love ! i can relate like hell . : kitteh : and : guest article : detective entp and the mystery of fi * pleasebeniceto.me * i look serious , absent or nice . :p roud : thanks ! yeah , i am not a game player , but i realized i do some of this stuff subconciously . i did not even know this about myself before . i like to be very honest though , so if i am too ... i must act or i will go crazy since i cant focus . the alternative is to just dont talk to him until my feelings are gone . dont know if this works , but that was actually my idea . i can be good at ... help me ! ! i have emotions for an intj ! : blushed : i met him online and i think we clicked right away . for the last weeks we have been verbally sparring a lot . he is very funny and he told me he finds ... i am here bitches ! look at me look at me look at me look at me look at me look at me look at me look at me look at me look at meee ! ! i am sooo awesome ! ! ! c ´ mon get up and dance with me , dont ... not an intj but i want to say mine too , okay ? ! people who betray me , disrespect , lying , whining and boredom . and you are too insecure to openly show your personality type . cant be a rational . hello entp sisters . i found this page ( maybe it has been posted here before , i forgot ) and it really blew my mind . i can relate to this text like 97 % . this is me ! how about you ? don ... holy fuck , that is ... fucking funny . but i would never be able to do this to someone ... : laughing : hehe , i find it funny how people here deal with being different . i personally am known by my whole semester . people here partly like me , the other half thinks i am totally crazy . i get invited ... no no no intj , you arent emphasising this correctly . you can only do so much with socks , we can save the world with them or fly to the moon if we have to ! uff , that was a hard strike . but doesnt mascara in a man actually even bring out his male side even more ? a bit like if you put a hippo in a dress and it makes it look even more fat ... being a ... only jealous friends are good friends ! harmony is for pussies . what are you , a feeler ? also , my fe would butt rape your fe any day and besides be able to bake a fine black forest cake . that is a brave insult coming from an intp ! if people told you they didnt like you , they surely would end up in your fridge cut to neat little pieces . maybe you would keep the eyes in a jar next ... you are an annoying , arrogant smartarse who is so full of himself that his shit is oozing out of his ears ! you can talk about anything , but you dont really have a deeper understanding of one little ... 68418 somehow i find this really hot ... : unsure : they used all kinds of bricks in the so called backsteingothik ( brick gothic ) . brick gothic ( german : backsteingotik , polish : gotyk ceglany ) is a specific style of gothic architecture common in ... i only cry alone , except if i am really overwhelmed . but generally i am quiet sensitive . this video made me cry . i think , i had to think of the inner child and my constant mismatch with society . ... i love talking to all kinds of animals when i see them . it makes me feel like they are little persons . : blushed : i used to not care about school . i did barely anything for school and often did not even go there . i got bad grades , but i passed my abitur ( german a levels ) and now go to university . but it took ... i actually dont know . i think mostly i am not but if i care i might be . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ql4kaofJ02c vöööllig losgelöööst ! ! von der eeerde , schwebt das rauuumschiff ! schweeerelooos ! i tested as 7w6 plus entp . i totally know what you mean . with family i am more caring and dont try to be so witty . maybe sometimes to cheer someone up , like when my granny feels bad :p roud : ... it plays definitely an important role for me . though as some people said a whole person is more important than pure intelligence . also , a person with a high eq is in a way fascinating to me . my ... okay , let me be more clear then . i mean , do you stand to your believes in a way that you will defend them openly . say , you are in a meeting with 20 people and one guy makes a joke about whatever ... i used to be very wild and tomboyish as a child and teenager . i had a baggy pants phase and used to do a lot of sports like skating and martial arts . now i like to dress feminine though . i like ... reading , wanking , stopping to think . i try to force myself to stop thinking a bit and relax . it works , but then again i am not add . so , i cant put myself in this situation i think . and i love yours ! pls dont kill me with your brain though ! : kitteh : firefly is one of my favorite shows ever ! ! kaylee is the best ! i think , thats the way it is supposed to be . saying something if ... maaaybeee . i have a high tolerance until i take action though . just someone talking bs wont do the trick . yeah , me too ! if i meet interesting new people i like to talk to them forever ! ... definitely when i am drunk . all boundaries are gone and i can just go with the flow . also , when i am with good friends ! but mostly the two things are kinda related i have to say . i always found batman too depressing and too cool . the whole series is depressing . i used to loveee spiderman ! he was witty and used to make fun of his opponents . yeah , it really sounds like she is waiting for you to do something ! so nice ! okay , so you have a lot of things that actively influence you and that you care about . and the base of your emotional response is a modern ( post ww2 ) morality system ? it ´ s not the worst system that ... and how do you decide what you will take up as a believe to beta test it ? did you find out some values that did not crumble in the testing phase so far ? haha , i like your little role play ... '