' don't worry too much . one problem or mistake isn't going to ruin your life . enjoy the little things that make you happy . also none of this advice is going to matter because you're going to ignore it ... i don't swear , but i don't take any offense to it either . part of it i just never got into the habit . part of it is that i am really innocent looking so if i were to swear people would make a big ... i don't know much about that field or being a boss or anything , but i guess i'll just say some general things . good employee : asks relevant questions when confused , does work they are proud of , is ... i don't eat breakfast . eating too early makes me feel nauseous . probably the same thing i'm doing now . i'm in college as an aspiring social worker . i won't make much money as a social worker , but y'know , money isn't everything . my personal belief is that i ... freshman year of highschool i was signing up for an email account and everything i wanted was taking so i put sighcantthinkofaname and i liked it so i used it for other things . i stepped on a bee once in elementary school . i don't know what type it was though , i just know it hurt . and i've gotten a few pretty bad ant bites before . some fire ant , and another kind where i ... basically i went to prom with a group of friends and another friend who couldn't be there because she was studying abroad put the stickers on it and i thought it was funny and that's about it . i've always considered myself lucky . i don't really believe in fate , to me the word implies there are things that are just bound to happen to you , like they're predetermined . i don't believe in that ... i've been bad about health stuff lately , but there have been times in my life where i've been exercising regularly . it seems like to do that i need to be getting a normal amount of sleep , doing a ... people keep saying female entp's can be unemotional , and i'm not sure it's the right word to use . we have emotions . i know i'm not always good at expressing them or even recognizing them , and i ... honestly ? most women can tell when a guy is saying things just to impress her . when a guy does this it feels like he's trying to trick you into liking him . in what world is an entp going to just ... i never watched mr.rodgers . my mom tells me i loved blues clues and barney , and of course disney movies and whatnot . i also loved mary kate and ashley movies . my older brother loved pokemon , so i ... well , when it comes to school i've learned to always follow deadlines . it sounds obvious , but i've found that if i decide to turn something in a day late i'll almost always turn it in much much later ... the only iq test i've ever taken was the one i took in first grade to see if i could make it into the gifted program . idk what my score was , but i got in and in my psychology class they said it ... i work a retail job where my manager who's been there for three years doesn't even make $ 10 an hour . progression isn't a priority right now . it's a part-time job , not a career . plus i do happen to ... i learned to not give into peer pressure in 7th grade . friend asks me to go rollerskating . i say no because i don't like roller skating . she keeps pushing , insisting it'll be fun and that i ... i'm in college and planning on majoring in social work . before i got into college i had literally no idea what i wanted to do . my first semester i had to take an sls class and pretend to decide ... i try to stay as healthy as a can . for me i just have a few points in my life where i remember feeling awful and i try to not to do what i was doing back then . all of it pretty much boils down to ... i could last a while . i'd get bored , sure . but i think i could manage . i mean , these days my best friend lives like four hours away so we mainly just message each other anyway . i think the ... this is written in second person , not third . i know it doesn't matter , it's just been drilled into my brain . anyway , i've never felt like the only one who doesn't seem to have life together ... i've only traveled outside of the us twice , once on a family vacation when i was thirteen to canada , and then march on a week-long study abroad trip to the netherlands . both were lovely , but i have ... i think praise is addictive . if you're insecure about something you want affirmations that nothing is wrong with you , but then it's not like one person says something nice and that's all you need , ... i've personally gravitated towards traditionally girly things all of my life . i love nail polish and stories about princesses and fairies and i've seen my fair share of say yes to the dress ( if ... i would be direct . there's no use saying you understand this or suggesting that , that isn't going to help him . talk to him . be logical , be honest , be to the point . say something like look , i ... i avoid lying . in high school i'd lie all the time about homework stuff , but while it might've bought me some extra time or made a better excuse it stressed me out more than it was worth . plus i'm in ... well , you know her better than i do , but personally this isn't something i'd pretend to be cool about . just because being cool about it implies being ok with it . the seeing other people ... i second this . i mean i don't know your girlfriend , but to me i don't want to date you anymore and i want to see other people , but i still want to have sex with you . my attraction to you isn't ... estp older brother . we get along well . i have no advice , i just think the following is an interesting story . last semester i took psychology and my professor was a woman who used to work in a prison . she would talk to the criminals and ... not really . i usually had one or two good friends that i would talk to a lot . i don't feel like i was ever bullied or outcast . i was a little weird , i felt a great need to be different for ... i don't think there are as many entp accountants on this website as you think there are i'd refuse their offer for many reasons . the first being i'm not that curious about other planets . like , there's still so much i don't know about earth , why bother jumping ship ? i also feel like ... yeah , basically this . i'll never be super clingy or demanding , but i wouldn't ever tolerate a lack of respect or trust or compassion . i've read some about emotionally abusive relationships , and a ... eh , it depends on what it is . if someone lies to keep something private i don't mind . i'm a pretty private person myself , and i don't want anyone feeling like they have to tell me anything . if ... funny , i wrote this years ago . suddenly it's back . when i was starting out with myers briggs i would sort of just guess types to get better at typing things . it was a bunch of trial and error . ... i don't like being upset in front of people , so in general when something bad happens i'll wait until i can get some privacy and sort of wallow in my sadness . sometimes i'll write out my thoughts . ... i believe in loyalty to a point . you shouldn't abandon people because a better offer comes along . if it's a matter of ethics though throw loyalty out the window . my middle school was actually ... last semester i took a psychology class and i managed to grab the single desk right next to a window . it was wonderful . the view was really nice . i took notes and paid attention of course , but ... i think your inability to pin down an emotion is less of an entp's have slightly muted emotions thing and more of a entps tend to overthink literally everything thing . we are all a mix of ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ek2PDE1cAyY most of my closest friends throughout my life have been other girls . i'm just usually more comfortable around women . plus we usually have more in common . like , i was in theater in high school ... love this . i hate when people make excuses for their own bad behavior . i've got a lot of negative traits . i'm a procrastinator , a bad listener , somewhat selfish , forgetful , and i have a habit of ... it's a loaded question ... to start i'm a 19 year old girl living in the united states . if the cliches were true i would either be very insecure or very vain . i'm neither . i'm actually overall ... see for me it's less about the story people are telling and more about how they are telling it . like , i know this one guy who will just go one forever about things people don't care about , or it'll ... i was at a counter service place the other day . the line was out the door . the people in front of me were just like i don't know why this is taking so long and being really rude about it . i just ... i am sort of obsessed with marina and the diamonds https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8TLn9lpZVow i personally don't really have problems with sj's . the friend i talk to and hang out with the most is an estj . some of the stuff she does annoys me sometimes . she gets annoyed easily , she cares a ... 1 . i adore musicals . i can't even describe how much i love musicals . my all-time favorite is next to normal , by like a lot . 2 . nah , i'm not good with instruments and really i have no interest in ... i've actually been annoyed my friends of mine feeling a need to be constantly doing something . like , a friend of mine ( infj ) moved away like a year ago , and she was in town but only had time to hang ... '