' when you are put in the same light as serial killers , by more than one group of people . yes no , the chicken never leaves the egg , and it lives a nice life . fire eating and fire breathing both are great hobbies . . this falls in line with the http://personalitycafe.com/entp-forum-visionaries/263369-ne.html . herd mentality is like hive mentality , but less effective what i said doesn't help the whole , entps have feelings argument . everything is cost / benefit analysis . . you need to add a link to a rickrolled video in the topic post i think this is our version of trust . if we can understand the other person's motives we can anticipate their possible actions , and we trust them to act to the benefit of the motives we pick for ... okwhat 18 posts . that's not right . the road , like many things , runs from us . i'm normal . i view it as a race just like everyone else that would explain his immortality . so , you're saying that keanu reeves looks like a 2d digitally rendered character . so what i'm seeing is that as our minds developed we didn't increase our information gathering and lost our confidence . after awhile we lost all reservation and thought , what the hell and ignored ... the most frightening part of boredom for me is when i dive into my mind for entertainment and get lost , depressed , and frustrated , but the boredom still doesn't go away . i get some great questions ... the best . i feel much the same way . when i am shown to be more original than my peers i feel great , more so if i'm also right . which do you value more : being right , or being creative ? we aren't huge on subtlety are we ? just the ignorant and illogical . fern logic and ethics are disciplines of philosophy . that has happened more than once to me , but most of the time it's philosophy . did you change in a flash ( < 2 years ) or slowly ? ( or always were like that ) flash . when did you change ? it was when i was 16 . my awkward years were 13-15 . reasons why you changed ? a roman walks into a bar , holds up two fingers , and says , five beers , please . pavlov is sitting at a pub enjoying a pint , the phone rings and he jumps up shouting , oh shit , i forgot to feed ... i'd love to hear an answer to this . the only answer i have is to expect nothing or the worst case scenario . no hope means no need to be nervous . i'm serious about this . i truly want help , and i don't currently have time to continue this project . if anyone wants to help me , please send me a private message . i'm working on that if anyone would like to help me . 555 this may be usefulhttp :/ / personalitycafe.com/entertainment-plaza/99862-if-mbti-types-were-rpg-classes.html 3-2- 1 - go but i want to break physics . try your best . when that happens to me . i have found that sitting in a dark room , and listening to loud symphonic music is a good way to direct and channel my thoughts . if my mind runs fast enough for long enough ... so , if you don't feed your mind it eats your soul . does that sound close to how you feel ? there is no reason you can't do that . i do something similar with cashiers except i use a universal point of understanding as a prelude for a brief conversation that is meant to brighten both of our days . they are typically smiling by ... how do you speak to people ? i want to know the simi-vague manor in which you approach a conversation . i know you wouldn't approach a conversation with your mom the same way you would a stranger . so , ... my dialogue most of the time consists of an inner and an outer component . one is my voice in my head , the other is me talking to myself . one is the anticipated response another person would have if i ... 13422513423 3 134209 reasoning , abstractedness , and openness to change all seem high in everyone . what do you define as a monologue ? garee i was under the impression that what elsa had was a curse , and what she did to anna was to place a similar curse on her . i don't know if anna's curse would fade after the caster died , or if she ... has anyone taken a statics course recently ? if so , where ? garee you assume that the ice wouldn't have melted after the caster died . is that correct ? if so , what basis do you have for said assumption ? i learn a new worthless trick . this year i learned to breath and eat fire . fire spinning and fire poi are next on the list . hurricanes , definitely hurricanes . i'd say no . everyones actions are based off of reasons , and if you know the reasons they act you can guess their actions . the only people who are unpredictable are those whose motives are chaos or ... i had a dentist working on my mouth say you have pretty eyes . i know women who would kill for eyes like that . do you ever feel waking is like falling down the rabbit hole ? in your dreams you have a deep understanding of how the world is , and when you wake nothing makes sense . realism isn't the question ... i believe there are rules to all things , and social interaction is no different . whether or not i choose to follow said rules depends on whether or not i find them reasonable . i know most of the ... in the movie troy , achilles is given a choice stay , live a normal , life have a family , and eventually be forgotten or go , fight , and die but be remembered forever . what if we are all given this ... sometimes you just need to sit in the rain and contemplate the meaning of life . '