' and then , what does one say about the natural enxj ? ? i've never taken a single temp-indicator which didn't have me finishing dead-even in t and f . i have a very strong sense of justice and ... i can't even begin to count how many times this has happened ... i'll always have to ask the other person to backtrack so i can remember what i was saying--this happens during any conversation longer ... greetings . i'm a relatively old enfj , so believe i can speak from a vast degree of experience in saying the above pretty much represents the mentally healthy enfj . sadly , just about every ... ahhh ... you infx types never cease to amaze me in turning a quick phrase . beautifully said and well written . thanks for saying in 5 words and 2 numbers what it would take me paragraphs to say . lol ! yes ... true . we are definitely powerful personalities ( or tend to be , based on emotional health , character , intellect , et . al . ) , and we give of ourselves freely and easily . from the viewpoint ... that surprises me , quite honestly . my very best friends are generally enfps and entjs , as we're all intuitive , all love hypotheticals and discussing them . if i may , what is it you've found to ... as an enfj myself , i find the vast majority of nt's and sps to be the most difficult to deal with . they are , according to strong theory , the non-cooperators , with sps being specifically difficult ... i agree with you 100 % regarding it being unethical to knowingly manipulate people's thoughts , frame of mind , and / or actions , at least when it's doing it against their own best interest . i don't ... they won't let me edit it now , but apparently having isfj on the mind made me type esfj instead of enfj where i state my type . i just wanted to clarify for all , i'm an enfj , and quite obviously an ... hey kawwwayan ... i'm an esfj and am answering this close to 2 years after you posted it , but i am curious about one thing ( well , maybe 2 or 3 ) . it seems like you feel sad you are the type you are , ... i'd been meaning to thank you for quite awhile for this madame kiwi :) , because from the past times we've written to one another , you seem to get me , seem to understand that it would literally hurt ... exactly ... which was kind of my point . a true villain works from pure self interest , and by definition , any sane sj or nf can not operate out of pure self-interest by definition . it's certainly ... vinndi considering this site based itself originally on the keirsey definitions , and not the jungian-freudian combo of the secondary functions , one would really have to state just whose infp we're ... if you're going to consider sweeney todd a villain , then what you're really talking about are anti-heroes , and not pure villains . i could easily make any nf or sj ( the two cooperative types to the ... who is it you think was an enfj villian ? people who would manipulate people emotionally in order to hurt them certainly wouldn't be nfs or sjs or any kind . i could see an entj villian , an intj ... this is very interesting because it's extremely close to what she told me--that she's often unaware of how her actions affect others , that she'll forget what are considered common courtesies . you ... you never did say what made you think i mandated hugs . if you look at the original post , i say she used to give me hugs , and they were never mandated , and i can't imagine what would make you think i ... , thanks for the 2 cents . i think we both know , as enfjs , we give wonderful , insightful advice to other people , but when we're involved , we're often far too close , sometimes sacrificing so much ... you are all taking the hug thing very very wrong . we'd been hugging each other long before she moved in . we were very good friends as well as her being my employee . she appreciated hugs from me ... mandate ? ? ? heck no ! she was talking about me adopting her and becoming her father and she started hugging me ! without me asking . she would tell me how much she appreciated everything i was doing ... as strange as this may sound , this is exactly what i needed to hear . it's almost word for word the same advice i'd give someone else in my situation ... but do i really feel okay ( she's already out ... well , you know how accurate our intuition is , and after the first , say , 2 months they were here , i sensed a somewhat drastic change for the worse . their job was to keep the place clean , do the ... thank you both for telling me what i pretty much already knew . i just had to make sure i wasn't doing , in effect , the wrong thing , or something outrageously selfish . i really went out on a limb for ... the question i have for all of you is what's the right thing to do ? but i know you can't answer that without some background . the background , however , is long long long and detailed and will take ... i realize you wrote this a long long time ago , however i wanted to let you know i empathize . i've a ph . d . in human behavior and have been both teaching it and researching it for over a decade now , ... if you want something talked about ( or talked to ) , ask an nf if you want something thought about , ask an nt if you want something avoided or delayed , ask an sp if you want something done , ask an ... yes yes yes ! ! ! that's my point . the sex isn't what builds the intimacy . it's the talking and cuddling which do that . sex is , at least in my relationships , the crescendo , the coda of intimacy . ... i suppose it would depend upon the person , but in my experience , it's the 6 hour long cuddling session , looking into one another's eyes and just talking about life which really endear me to a woman . ... of course , the enfj finds the intjs retreat quite annoying ( probably just as annoying as you find our desire to continue talking ) , as for many if not the vast majority of us , interpersonal ... i haven't as i didn't see the point , but then i didn't know anything about the different types when i took the kti , but i've known lots of people who have , or at least answered the questions in a way ... when i was just out of college , only 21 years old with a master's degree , and had a wife to feed and a house and 2 car payments ( along with paying for my wife to finish college ) , i couldn't keep up ... quite a bit actually . as mei pointed out quite awhile ago , eastern philosophy is based on harmony , fairness , and purity . those are three driving forces in how i try to live my life . it's no ... yes . i tell you exactly that . when i talk about judgement , i speak of right or wrong , good or evil . i am not speaking about personal preference , or opinion . i feel we should all feel free to ... hey , as i said originally . i am all for letting those of you who want to get them , get them . by all means ! and if you do , i hope you're genuinely thrilled with it for the rest of your life . that ... actually ernest , from the responses on here , even those of us who've grown up in a society where tattoos are all the rage ( the u . s . ) , we're finding enfjs on here , for the most part , consider their ... given that , i think you'd find anyone who had the physical capability of killing another ( e . g . holding a loaded gun , a grenade , a stinger missile , an rpg , you get the idea ) would be able to , even if ... before i go into the personality to which , at least ime , i've found myself most attracted , i want to go into some reasons , imo , i believe everyone should be careful when making dating decisions or ... just out of sheer curiosity , did you hear about this on the show i survived ? it reminds me of one of their stories where a woman was kidnapped and raped repeatedly by her captor , but eventually ... does killing an enemy soldier at war with you count ? or perhaps i should say , you should take that into account , as , before i went to war , there was no way i could kill someone . having spent just ... i'm really kind of amazed how many of us , myself included , consider tattoos a pollution of our bodies . i feel precisely the same way . i'm just really surprised we are all , more or less , with a few ... i was pretty certain at the end of the entire thing i wrote it included many generalizations and when we're talking about personality types , anything not directly attributed to a personality type ... unquestionably ! idealists , on the whole , are motivated by helping other people . guardians are motivated by protecting tradition , society , culture , and the law . rationalists are motivated by helping ... i agree 100 % , but then i'm an enfj . the temperaments are excellent guidelines , especially if you know all of the temps very well , understand there idiosyncrasies , tendencies , strengths , weaknesses , ... crono you may have seen me post elsewhere ( especially over in the dating by temperament section , so to speak ) re : defining terms and i do believe it's paramount before entering into any debate , ... happy about nothing . simply put ( something almost impossible for those of us who are enfjs ) , intjs are the interpersonal polar opposite from enfjs . when i was younger , less experienced , i might've ... if you ever run into the arguments between enfjs and intjs , believe it or not , you'll find the intjs are sooo confused by our genuine desire to help others , desire to see other people happy , they ... oh heavens ! yes ... : happy : if not every single woman i've dated for any period of time has said that , i would say probably 98 % did ( guessing i might have missed 1 in ~ 50 ) . on the back end of ... crono yep ! i've had to really learn how to more selfish about my needs , and not at all surprisingly , it took having an ltr with this great enfj female who taught me there are others out there like ... jawz and undoubtedly you feel almost obligated to be there for them , right ? we , the enfjs of the world , are indeed the sh * t when it comes to being someone's best friend , or mate . at least that's ... lol ! no , i'm honestly not , but it's really funny it keeps happening . this happened with one other person too and i didn't realize it with them ( her ) either until she pointed it out . when i see ... '