' well , obviously eat and sleep for example aren't in the pack of actions . you understood me , you didn't ? i think i'm not exaggerating if i say that infp is the type which accepts more ... not all persons watch or read movies / anime , mangas and books because they want to cosume fiction . maybe they like the develop of the characters , other like the stories , etc . anyway , i said ... se-users usually are known for their desire of realize their energy and power and notice the energy and power in others , etc etc . se is connected with culture and history because se can notice the ... manga and anime what do you like of this ? frequenting concerts se playing various instruments + singing se / fi writing lyrics all , ni-fi specially . obviously listening to music , ... maybe it was only bad luck with esfjs in real life . maybe they're unhealthy or ... i don't know , but yes , i usually find them pushy and it affects to me inferior se . too many present-sensations for me ... my first language is spanish , i'm from spain ! well , in any moment i wanted to insult esfjs , in fact i don't know in english but in spanish the word ( bruto ) don't have any negative connotation . is ... my first language is spanish , i'm from spain ! well , in any moment i wanted to insult esfjs , in fact i don't know in english but in spanish the word ( bruto ) don't have any negative connotation . is ... okay , god , i didn't want to say anything like that , really . sorry again . i was thinking about my definition of gross and i couldn't understand the reactions . anyway , what's the correct word in ... as i said to monemi , sorry for the bad word ! it was a fail of be learning a language . :( agh , okay , in the school they don't teach us how force have x words in the idiom . anyway , i thought ( well , teachers taught me ) that gross is someone who playing use a lot of force and hit you ... but i only say that for me , in general , esfjs are very gross to me . i don't know with others , i only say that for me they can be very gross or brute . if you take this as an insult , well ... that's no ... my problem with xsfjs is that we don't have any function in common , their behavior usually finish with me angry , i don't understand any of their points of view , i see them without any interest , ... oh ! is because your husband is an isfj ? xd i have an isfj friend , but in general my contact with isfjs was horrible . and anyway i don't want to date with my isfj friend :( also all isfjs i met ... yes ! because when a function dominates other , your hobbies or your music preferences ( for example ) are altered . i think can be exceptions , obviously , but for example usually se-users do things ... most : infxs least : xsfj . i can't understand an xsfj . i can't . i think in intjs is an ni-se thing , and each person is a world but in some can have this characteristics . i think this behavior is because our inner world feels corrupt when someone want to talk to ... esfps and esfjs usually scare me , but i don't know . i think my se-inferior is afraid to se-dom of the esfps , and maybe esfjs because my contact with them was ... strange . my best power would be foresee the future . : _ since i was 4-5 years old , i was ... in spanish is informal called cocón . a cocón is someone who isn't shy but he / she doesn't want to talk with anyone , so he / she is in silence , angry , feeling ... what about isfp ? more or less ... entps and enfps have the same dom-function , ne , but intps have ti as dom and fi as 8º , and infps have fi as dom and ti as 8º , so be confused about intp and infp is more like you're a ... entps too because they have ne as dom , and although they don't have fi , ne is a strong abstract-idealist function , so ... i think you only can confuse enfps and entps if you know a little of the ... at the beggining it's okay to confused , but when you know a little ... anyway , to use this thread : what do you think about intps ? it's better than the people who are confused about if they're intps or intjs . we don't have anything in common ... as a bonus , intjs have ni and fi and this can make people think that we are idealist ( rlly people usually say that we're all day dreaming and thinking and we have our own values , so ... ) . most intjs ... name : alba astrological sign : virgo personality type : intj age : 14-5 yesterday my intp friend said something similar to me : he thinks he has two sides , one use more ti and si and the other use more ne and fe . anyway , i think all persons in general tend to have streaks ... i see you more like an enfp or enfj than entp , but ... did you read about functions ? ti and fi are totally differents ! maybe if you look at entp and enfp forum you can choose . :) around 1 or 2 , but when i'm on the computer i want someone to gives me a lot of attention . fi always implies te . the functions works in pairs : ti-fe / te-fi / ne-si and ni-se . but great , so ... intj , entj , esfp and isfp are the types with those functions . maybe you must talk with intjs or ... hello , dear isfj ! you have reason : our functions are totally contrary . usually people say that intjs and isfjs have a unknown and mysterious relation because we can't understand the other person . ... well , all types and sometimes functions have stereotypes so don't think in it . for example , despite you said , all infjs i met have an objective vision about the future . usually infps are the ... try to talk with him :/ when i was younger , until i had 9-10 years old my behavior in public with my mother was horrible . i hated when she wanted me to talk with someone i don't wanted . can be this ? ... types are correlated with more things than you think , from music to hobbies . the last question is because se is allied with the love of your own culture or history , not for anything else . intjs in general , i don't know but personally i vote for xsfjs and esfps . intps are great but usually i want to kill them all : 3 that was not going to last forever >:D why is the tittle in spanish ? xd welcome ... again ? intj : albaouronovoa but i'm from spain so my english isn't the best for chit-chat xd hello ! intj here . welcome to perc , i'm a spanish user so if you notice a stupid fail please say it to me . if you don't know if you are an infp or an isfp , maybe the different threads about them can ... i agree with hurricane at all . anyway , think about people grow up . do you have heard your mother or friend or whatever saying : when i was a kid i was so disordered but with the time i become more ... gender : female . hair color : brown . hair style : i don't know the names of hairstyles in english , but i have the hair in the shoulders and a extravagant fringe . eye shape : people say they're bigs ... you sound pretty infj for me . anyway , you must read about fe-fi and te-ti , you did it ? what do you like ? what are your hobbies ? what music do you like ? what's your favourite art ? do you love history or your own culture ? i want to know why , srsly . i don't understand how someone can be religious . i really don't understand what do you want to know . i want to say ... if you wanna know about how ni-dom se-inferior works , i understand it . if you wanna know what does ni works , i understand you , ... intj reblog black and white manganime images / gifs . oh , hello . one or two days ago with an anime . i'm too sensible with the emotional scenes . entp maybe intj ? or infp , i think . i love edna xddd soy de españa y no conozco ningún foro de habla española sobre mbti , lo siento :/ y si lo hay , yo no lo he encontrado . tengo un amigo intp ( que anda por aquí por el foro también ) con el que tenemos ... '