' thank you , falling leaves . your advice was really helpful , and it made me laugh . : happy : isn't that the truth ... you're right ; both she and i have been framing things about how he would ... thank you all for responding , i really appreciate it . thunder , what a great suggestion ! maybe that would at least offer stress relief , if nothing else . zynthaxx , in response to your message : in ... dear istj in my novel writing critique group , if you say one more thing about how my genre , writing style or subject matter is not modern or popular or no one does it like that anymore , i ... thank you for your sweet note ! your words are very helpful and insightful . you're right - - it is a form of control . by not letting go , it makes me feel like i have some sort of sway , power or control ... i am currently in counseling - - partly for this , lol . so i'll let you know how it goes . i'm a christian , so i sought a counselor who shares my faith , and she recommended that i learn to forgive ... my sister is an istp and kinesthetic learner ( probably like many of you ) . she's really going through a hard time in her new marriage , and she doesn't seem to know how to process and work through her ... dear istp , you're masculine and tough , and i still get thrown by the fact that you don't have a very expressive face . so seeing you light up when you look at me because i'm carrying your baby is the ... that's sweet ! : happy : i'm pregnant with my first and due in six months ( march 2014 ) , too ! congratulations ! so obviously i can't chip in with how my child will turn out yet . my mom is infp and dad is esfj . we kids are ... always . i think it's because fear plays a huge part in how i live my life , and that's not healthy . do not mistake the fear for intuition . i think our intuitive accuracy is greatly impacted when ... dear esfj , i could tell that you judged me for worrying about getting pregnant ... and then judged me when i became pregnant and worried about a healthy pregnancy . now that you're pregnant , too , and ... so , whenever i start wondering why i don't fit in with all-female groups , i start going through a circle of questions : is it really because i'm so unique or different , or am i just flattering ... i'm having an insecure day . my husband and i are thinking about moving back to our hometown , and we're both really excited about it - - especially about being closer to our family and friends . i've ... i'm the opposite . i apologize all the time . i'm pretty sure it annoys people sometimes . i just realized how much of my internal world is ... my internal world . hardly anyone knows how active this world is , and they probably don't really care , though i'd love to share it with someone .  ... dear lord , yes . after being together for 9 years and married for 5 , why can't i just accept the fact that my istp is just not an expressive person ? i still am always asking , are you okay ? why does ... an entp friend of mine matches the orders many here have listed , with her ( self-described , though not in the same terms ) weaknesses being self-awareness and self-management . when she would chat with ... what my dad told me a long time ago : if you can't think of something to say , just ask them about themselves . people love talking about themselves . it sounds like you like this girl , so i'm sure ... dear istp , thank you for listening to me cry because of my chronic writer's block and laughing at me while i smacked myself in the head and cursed by brain for not working , in true infj fashion . it ... you just described my enfj friend and her enfj mother - - so i'd say enfj . :-) as an infj who works from home , i happily spent about four out of seven days home alone ... lol . ( read : definite ... sadly , i got swept into this behavior during a particularly unhealthy phase i went through when i was 21 . to this day , i'm horrified and ashamed that i acted in such a way , but i think it taught me a ... last year , i returned to my love of fiction writing and began writing a novel that is deep within me and practically demands to be written ( read : very important work , to me - - not just for kicks ) . i ... life isn't about justifying your existence . or , choose peace over fear . very cool ! you will love it , especially with the ancestral link . ( some of ) my ancestors were from wexford , so my husband and i took a day while we were staying in kilkenny to drive an hour to wexford ... i've been feeling the same way , op . you didn't specify if you're specifically a christian or if you relate to god in another faith , but a friend of mine recommended experiencing the depths of ... i just went to ireland in april - - it's incredible ! i wish i could live there . we didn't stay in hostels , but iirc , we walked by one in glendalough . granted , glendalough is in the wicklow ... hmm ... i am kind of thinking that maybe none of it is unhealthy - - the unhealthy part is that we are uncomfortable with who we are ... ? just a guess off the top of my head . it's weird , because in ... gah . that's me - - especially in social situations , which is weird , because i don't always remember feeling this way . victor hugo strikes me as an infj ( a narcissistic one ) . on top of all his political activism and apparent ability to see both sides of things ( judging by his flip-flopping between ideologies ) , he got ... here's what i love about my istp : - fiercely devoted to me - i know he will seriously do anything to make me happy ( even though most of the time i don't think i deserve it ) - he can ignore ... political systems seem good in writing . the common strain between them all ? they depend on humans to carry them out . flawed , selfish humans , which will always exist . bottom line ? no political ... dear istp , thank you for always reading the new stuff i add to my novel and giving me good feedback . i'm looking forward to returning the favor and helping you bottle your second batch of beer ... i think early retirement played a big part in how my istp chose his career . he will be able to retire at 46 , but i think he'll wait until 56 to maximize his earnings . he's very strategic that way ... outwardly , i say some sincere version of thank you about a million times ( i say thank you a lot . ) inwardly , i feel so happy and i think about it like , for a really long time ! ( if i think it ... both of my parents were teachers , and my mom home schooled me and my three siblings . she was tough . but that was incredible . if i could summarize all her teaching expertise in one point , i ... i can relate to what you shared . i can't accurately explain my stance , but i simultaneously agree - yet i also don't totally agree . i'm currently close friends with someone who has done some ... one of my long-term , close friends is isfp . i've functioned as her confidant / shoulder / counselor / encourage-r for years as she's gone through hurdles and struggles , etc . since she trusts me with a lot ... you're probably right . * shrug * not sure if it's actually an fi thing ( which isn't in our functional stack , but i am not good with the cognitive functions ) , but i'd agree that we can be pity-party ... yeah ... i don't quite get the protector description . it doesn't seem to apply to either me or the other infjs i know in real life . we're ( speaking of myself and two infj friends ) not assertive ... your thoughts are eloquently expressed and beautifully , artistically formatted ! i've had similar thoughts , though not necessarily related to mbti but just interpreting ( or projecting ! ) people around ... ningsta kitty - you may have already explained this ( and if so , i'm sorry that i forgot ! ) but why do you like lucid dreaming ? i was thinking about whether or not i'd try the techniques you mentioned , ... this is a fascinating subject ! i love dreams and dreaming ! like others have asked , ningsta kitty - please share the website and / or books you've enjoyed - i would love to check them out ! : happy : ... whoops - wanted to add : we should recognize that there's a difference between not being able to relate to a person and not being able to relate to what he / she said . some instances may be the former ... i think melody said it saddens her just because she wants you to feel accepted - it made her sad that you don't feel like you've connected ( fe at work ) . : happy : sometimes i can relate to ... a_small_potatos_mind - one thing that has helped me understand my entp friends better is learning that they aren't arguing their opinions ... they are sparring . to both my female and male entp ... i don't have any solidified theory about this , but i'd be willing to say that ni could share similarities with schizophrenia , though they would be much diminished / diluted ... does that make sense ? i'm ... i think everyone has covered the main points : find good friends ( rather than seek the popular crowd ) , do your thang regardless of what other people think ( e . g . , embrace your quirks and don't doubt ... have you been to personality junkie ? that blog has a few posts about ne v . ni like you suggested , and this piece about enxp and inxj discusses entp / infj dynamics with regard to ne / ni . it doesn't ... anything that engaged my imagination . much of that i did on my own , but my mom would create treasure hunts and mysteries for me to solve .  ... embarrassed to say some of them took me years to ... have you ever seen this ? i think it covers a lot of issues : the other side of the infj - personality junkie for me personally : i struggle with holding grudges . also , in my attempts to handle ... '