' this is brilliantly put . the other day , i was accused of being a brown-noser at work to my boss ( a badass entj who i really respect ) , and it was the best thing ever when i quick-glanced at him and he ... it was definitely more of a quiet rebellion : if i was told not to do something but not given a sufficient ( to me , at least ) reason why i could / should not do the thing , i would nod , agree with the ... i need help , here . how do you guys 1 ) prioritize 2 ) get motivated then 3 ) follow through ? love you forever . need to remember . there are actually very few photos that exist of me smiling so openly . most of my smiles are hella smirk-y . i like it also for that reason . i'm disappointed that you're so disillusioned by an attractive female that you'd assume me to be an f . but anyway , i think i can kind of hide behind it , because it allows me to assess others ... lololol @ but for real , if you can't hang and banter back and forth with us , it's highly doubtful there's going to be any kind of meaningful night to be had . especially if you've gotta ... it seems that it's very dangerous for people like us to become attached to people who don't always say what they mean . i'm so brainwashed i think it's only females who play ... it's so frustrating to wait on other people to get their end done when you ( and oftentimes , they ) know you could easily , feasibly , happily do it yourself . the unchallenged , untouched channels ... i can't discern if serious or not . i was so happy to read your perspective on an istj male-entp female relationship . when you said you felt an immediate comfort with your husband , i related a lot to that . luckily , i am pretty ... this gal gets it . aren't people always saying something about infjs being unusually in tune with the ways entps think ? if i'm working on something , i super-focus to the point of tuning out everything around me . a minute before i could've been bantering with my department , but as soon as something work-related ... here's what happened : your conversation intrigued him , he was genuinely interested ( as evidenced by his animated reactions ) , but then something else intrigued him during your conversation . at that ... that is what it comes down to . unf . succinct as shit . because all of you sfj fuckers don't understand the concept of fair indebtedness . we will ask for a favor only of people we either : a ) know from experience won't manipulate us or b ) we have ... fucking <3 especially what i bolded . it's so sad - if we give enough of a fuck to try and soften the blow it's because we give a shit about you ( unless it's the complete opposite , where we don't ... keep those out of this ! ... : wink : - wut sent from my iphone using tapatalk ^ ^ ^ z33b0p - tinychat there're a few of you magnificent creatures in here at the moment , but there's always room for more ! ^ ^ ^ z33b0p - tinychat let's get some old school ( and new school ! ) people in here . it's been much too long ! ... lol fucking brilliantly put . 189850 smirkin ' ... 9 weeks , dude . start here : do what you want to do , and stop putting off basic needs ( i . e . sleeping ) for someone else . you're also being quite passive aggressive : because you know that you are blowing off ... this . i know i'm personally very interested in undercutting a bully and then stepping back after i've done my job . i'm rarely if ever interested in the aftercare of the one / s that were being bullied ... 119890 new . i started a post on this same shit a long while back : http://personalitycafe.com/intp-forum-thinkers/152609-gullible-vs-naive.html heh . i'm told this all the time . i think it's got something to do with how we can swing from know-it-all to shockingly naive in downwards of 5 seconds . i'm told it's endearing or some such shit . when we pay attention to shit you like - especially if we either don't like it or don't care about it personally . when we bring you your favorite drink / remember what you like to eat and make it for ... this guy isn't gonna budge from what he wants , nor will he magically capitulate to an ultimatum ( which you know ) . wish him well on his journey , then bounce ! ! but when it comes to validation , are the validations / compliments of those who we can manipulate into saying them even worth it ? i feel like an f would be able to express themselves better , though , and as a result get the validation they wanted / required . probably through fishing for compliments though , which we refuse to do . word . how so ? ... which makes people irritated at you because they are so fooled by your aloofness that they mistake it for arrogance and are pissed that you seem to be fishing for compliments . when really it's ... agreed ! i despise when people fish for compliments , and i ( almost ) hate it more when i do give someone a compliment and they wave it away . i couldn't begin to count the number of times i've said to ... i guess it is kinda this , too ... my experiences when someone has reinforced my idea , or at least re-explained it back to me in such a way that i know they know what i meant , have been the most ... ! ! ! spot on . and it isn't fair to people who get close to us under the guise of us not needing much ( if any ) positive reinforcement . like , i project such an air of aloofness , but it's mostly ... one of the biggest differences between intps and entps seems to be our ( entp ) need for validation . i wrestle so hard with this , because it's so counterintuitive to my various intellectual outputs ; ... i like to be submissive . i wouldn't be sexually interested in a relationship where my partner was used to playing the submissive one . however , i also think i'd enjoy being the dominant one , if ... ah . well . dismiss them , yes . but , learn to do so in such a way that you leave them in an afterglow of admiration for you . sure , yeah , i know : you're smart so why should you interact with those ... thing is , you probably are smarter than a majority of those around you , and always will be ! but what good is that if you're holed up in your room all the time , unable to spread and share your ... awww , this is what i like to see ! op , you would do well to reflect on things jdstankosky says to you . he isn't wrong , and any continued resistance is futile , really . op . dude . objectively , it's improbable that you , at 16 , are smarter than everyone around you . i'll give you that perhaps a majority of the people around you are intellectually deficient , but it just ... god , you're perfect . how wonderfully put : i paraphrased the above to the guy i'm dating and he agreed with me and said he'd noticed some distance between us lately too , and that i put into words about what he was ... '