' i tend to be attracted to whats familiar , i wonder if that stops me from trying new things ? here's one for all us infps with bitchy resting face . my demon came for a visit today . he knows me so well :/ wow can i just take this post and carry it with me ? i wish i was a jedi :D that'd be aawesome jacked up in what way , elaborate please my answer would be ... you are truly living when your life has meaning , otherwise you are just existing fighting for truth and justice gives me that spine tingling feeling where i feel like electricity is flowing through me and i am a superhero lol also the firebird suite . i've been told that i listen to happy music it's really great that you were able to channel that destructive energy into a positive activity like weight lifting :) keep it up ! i feel affection for you phantomwise , that must be a really tough spot to be in . wow :) well friend you can feel sorry for yourself or make your world the way you want it . nobody decides what your life has to be like but you . i've been a madman , a loner , an ahair psychologist , a ... i'm in a situation where i have to choose between my need for harmony and my right to be an individual . it's hard to tell the difference between right and wrong from this angle . god forgive me , all i ... first day as a vegan did the other guest have a good time ? let it out bro 94998 why do i refuse to let myself succeed . i subconsciously sabotage my abilities . when the opportunities come , i hibitually convince myself that i can't and then i loathe myself in a vicious cycle . i ... lol your thread title ... so alluring ... my dog has barkinson's faith is trusting in something more , and knowing nothing can destroy you :) good luck man ! i recently made a friend who's very uninhibited socially . it's been really awkward at times but i'm grateful that i have the opportunity to come out of my shell , when i have had no ... beloved , never avenge yourselves , but leave it to the wrath of god , for it is written , “ vengeance is mine , i will repay , says the lord . ” the ocean , i'm going to learn how to surf ! do what you love , they say , and you will never work a day in your life truly i tell you , if you have faith as small as a mustard seed , you can say to this mountain , ' move from here to there , ' and it will move . nothing will be impossible for you . mathew 17:20 as happy as a clam ... she's afraid to open up and face herself , i can relate discrimination and an understanding of the social zeitgeist are the two lessons i was exposed to last night . looks i still have a lot to learn . yeah me too . addiction is a terrible thing in'it ? my prediction : the elder scrolls online is going to suck as a single player es game . ( i am a diehard es fan btw ) i can't agree with that quote tbh . i think that there's something great to be found in every genre of music . i mean if i wanna dance there's electronica , rave to be heard . i loved moshing to heavy ... at my worst : i am completely taken over by an everyman for himself / survival of the fittest mentality . like wolves over scarce meat , i turn psychologically feral . at my best : i'm at peace wow that article really hits home with me . thank you for sharing it . i hope i can find some professional help so that i don't end up that way . - maintain a daily meditation by the end of the year - continue with my fitness goals - pay off my school debts so that i can re enroll in 2015 i signed up for a gym contract about two months ago . basically i pay 140 a month . i've gone one time and lost interest after that . if i want to cancel the contract i'm obligated to pay the remaing ... free flow of information in modern era , and it goes like this , search video on youtube , require a user account -> make an account , must link to google account -> make a pseudo google account , must ... so i noticed something interesting today . i was at work today , standing near a female coworker and another male who works there . all of a sudden i start thinking about cologne , cologne brands , people ... up sit next to her . introduce yourself . tell her how you've noticed her , and that you have wanted to meet her . maybe ask where is she going ? idk hope this helps though happy thanksgiving , dreamers ! ( deleted my post ) wow that's really cheap . i noticed that the thinner frames break easier than the thicker ones ; i thought i would try a different look . i think i might just switch to contact lenses . i was just about to go to bed when something awesome happened ! ! awes never mind that was the sound of my new glasses breaking - _ - i'm trying to save money so when my lease is up i can move . now is ... when i go to work , i tend to avoid social interaction . this is party due to shyness but mostly because i don't think of work as a place for socializing . if you need to do it to be comfortable then ... i'm thinking about joining a monastic order ... i get mad when i hear someone say i missed you so much ! ! to someone they barely know . i wish i knew why , i hate bieng a hater - _ - today , at work , i was asked about my quiet-ness . the girl asked if i was concentrating ; i just replied that i was enjoying some silence ( in her words i was chilling ) plain donuts are my favorite , especially good when slightly overdone to give the donut a crispy-ness , or dunked in coffee i had a revelation . i'm not the smartest , or funniest , or cutest , or most stylish , or richest . i had a childhood that had a really big impact on me and it was really hard for me to digest , i acted ... '