' september 20 , 2017 warmup rowing , pushups , situps glutes and abs hip thrusts and planks wod 5 rounds of : yes . you should be deeply concerned . you're going to die . seriously . every single person who comes in contact with saline ... will die . rest your troubled heart little dreamer ... you're too young to know what lord pixel did to deserve that look . it is definitely freeing ! it's funny i'm on a different website for alternate day fasting and their strategies are so varied for how to deal with the desire to eat during the fast . a lot of them ... i wish i knew ... i would only be guessing ... but if guesses are useful ... one possibility is it might be a physical kind of relief for me . because i have a system of related trigger points in ... i see lord pixel alone in the office kitchen , his back turned to me , making another coffee for himself . the careful and familiar sound of my high heels announces my presence to him before he sees ... september 19 , 2017 warmup some box jumps , burpees , wall balls deadlifts we had a choice of either working up to a heavy single if we felt like we could write something new on the pr ... ahahaha i totally know what you mean with that whoa , hey girl feeling : laughing : ... i get that too towards the end of my fast . i think it's a combination of muscles relaxing more easily plus ... lol ! her face at the end : laughing : the hanger has begun after a month in a calorie deficit the hanger has clearly begun : laughing : ... i just got snarky to someone on the alternate day fasting website me : [ posts a picture of ... it's done , i totally just got that song added to the playlist at my gym : laughing : it is ! ! ! lol . in the comments i see one guy listens to it every time he does his homework and i laughed out loud reading that . i am seriously thinking about listening to it every time i get a ... i shouldn't have watched this yesterday ; now this song is repeating in my head at work as i remember that yesterday i told myself ugh i don't want to work on that ssrs report today - i'll do it ... weight update ... i am actually not worried by this blip today .   ... i am not sure about monthly changes ... actually i've only been doing adf for about 1 month . i lucked out because never had bad pms - the mood swings and cramps - just not usually something that i ... for me - the lady on the right has the same body type that i would love to have . i like her level of leanness , her subtle muscle definition , her breast size , her subtle hourglass shape , pretty much ... i'm interested in seeing a picture of what you think would be the ideal body for you - in looks and aesthetics ( although if you want to mention functionality goals that's fine too ) i don't notice myself trying to feel negative emotions ( maybe i do and don't notice it ? haven't ruled that out ) but i frequently notice some gratitude after i feel a negative emotion ... like ok ... i liked watching the fasting video ( only had time to watch the first one ) and it is also true for me that i get less hungry when i'm fasting than i do when i tried to reduce calories ... even though ... rest day i just found a perfect example of my goal body while i was aimlessly browsing youtube looking at 90s and 00s music videos for songs i heard many times on the radio but never actually saw ... oh wow ! well i can see the subtle changes easily from the past few months ... and those alone are great ... but that overall is a huge change especially in the face , you look like a totally different ... i see the difference and i see where this is going ! how exciting ... congrats :) hard work is showing i'm so ridiculously addicted to caffeine . i had one white tea on saturday , after not having any caffeine at all for literally months - and then got a caffeine withdrawal headache the next day when i ... i think i have that same type of brain that doesn't want to or maybe can't regulate amounts . i wonder if it's a hard-wired evolutionary thing though ( a . k . a . not necessarily bad ) . like a caveman ... i like his face . it has just enough asymmetry and oddness to trigger one example of my love of imperfections . :) the neck doesn't hurt either ... he has a very obviously-masculine neck . i guess ... i had to look up sp instinct but now that i did i can so relate to that bold part . losing weight feels like less armor between me and the world , and i have a love / hate relationship with that ... september 17 , 2017 open gym i did a bunch of clean & jerks . i feel like i was really struggling with speed today . not ducking under the bar fast enough to go above 80lb in weight ... not today ... intjs do exist . literally the only place i go very regularly outside of my house is the gym . hmm . work would be the other place i go regularly if i didn't work from home . i don't think that ... nice ! a log :) i look forward to following :) it would also be interesting to see how you like intermittent fasting if you end up trying that ... i love it so far . it definitely does help me with ... oh yay a log ! sounds like good goals :) i look forward to reading along :) here's a weight update on my rest day , 125.8 lb today . i eat a massive amount every other evening and fast the rest of the time . i drink only water during the fast . https://i.imgur.com/Cxwede0.jpg ... to the best of my knowledge that is exactly how a healthy and well-developed intj works ... a mix of ni and te and fi and all of them are important in normal decision-making . se is also in our ... confession : i totally just ordered a bunch of sports bras from herroom.com . because it felt freaking badass to cast aside the tshirt and finish the workout in sports bra and leggings today . i have ... following cravings is good :) i'm a big fan of that too for sure . i love reading your food lists ... they sound so tasty every time :) ( especially the quinoa bowl ... ugh lol that sounds really good ) september 13 , 2017 warmup some running , pvc pipe overhead lunges , kettlebell swings skills we practices overhead walking lunges with kettlebell dangling from the bar on bands . we also ... september 12 , 2017 warmup some running and various exercises - the only one i remember is the pullups where i got 4 in a row without dropping ! ( i did need to rest in a dead hang after the 3rd one ... milestone today - my lowest weight so far in years ( 126.4 ) my abs looked great this morning too - i could see the little vertical ridges at the center and sides of rectus abdominus . i'm sure that ... i think today will be a rest day even though the wod looks interesting ... i want to go to the tuesday and wednesday classes without running out of steam doing 5 days in a row . here is 21 days of ... lol i can feel the pain way over here . all weights and no rest ... story of my life lol . it sucks doesn't it ? ? are you starting a journal too ? we need more journals to follow . september 10 , 2017 open gym first - a bunch of clean & jerks with 55-80 lb . working on just feeling comfortable with the movement and trying to get lower in the jerk . seems like 80lb is where i ... his emotional dexterity feels like he is the musician and i am the piano . creating beautiful music with endless combinations ; touching nerves i didn't know i had . it's hot . that song where the ... she seems more infj to me and sometimes infjs are mistaken for extroverts because of the fe . september 9 , 2017 partner wod 1 partner did cardio stuff ( rowing , running with a few obstacles to jump or climb over ) while the other does a mix of bodyweight exercises , box jumps , & weights . ... oh that kind is not always fun lol i can verify . yes ... multiple kinds . also hsp which is not always fun but im learning to like it most of the time . i am cursed with ... color grapheme synesthesia . audio / visual synesthesia touch / taste ... oh they exist but they might just be shy about talking about their preferences in public . talking about preferences in detail in public is a high risk / no reward scenario for a lot of women even if ... i would have coffee with lord pixel :) he can have his coffee and i will have my tea :) i just realized i had a small milestone this morning with my weight - under 130lb for a majority of the past 7 days . :) i definitely feel the difference weighing a little less even though it is ... pretty much like spock except female lol . and i love watching spock played by leonard nimoy ... he's so expressive :) like everything he feels is right there for those who know what to look for ; ... '