' hahaha , what is this sleep you speak of ? near flowing water . an example would be a river , another one would be the shower , the ocean constantly in flux ... etc . if you think he likes you , initiate more physical contact / touch his arm while maintaining eye contact , brush / dust off his shoulder while still maintaining eye contact , things like that , but eye ... i use it on people who try to use it on me . can't say i feel bad about it either . if they want me to dance like a puppet while they pull the strings , it's only fair i get to do the same to them , no ? yup , non-stop . to me , i'm having the best conversation in days , to them i'm not only not following ethics , but i'm being insulting . that is usually followed by at least two weeks of absolutely no ... said the dreamer , whose reality will always disappointing him , disabling him from actually living life and thus remaining forever in the safe confinement of home . silly , paranoid infps , talking ... myth # 1 x96 introverts donx 92t like to talk . this is not true . introverts just donx 92t talk unless they have something to say . they hate small talk . get an introvert talking about something they are ... even though i am not infp / i hope you don't mind me posting here ... : unsure :/ , i think that this passage i found ... somewhere and kept is very true concerning those butterfly-ish feelings we humans ... i am an intp and in a relationship with an infp right now , we have been going out for about a year . it's great . honestly it's the best relationship of my life , which isn't saying much , considring i ... what you don't know won't hurt you . i loath that statement ... a lot . you're smart , but you're wrong on all moral accounts . you should go to the mall and buy some feelings . i think you need ... i am actually a model ... : o it's a terrible thing to do though , but you know tough economy and all that ... so yeah , i guess i'm mildly attractive .. :) i am prideful and arrogant in concerns to my ... usually that's what i do as well . although it may come off as heartless , people are selfish . things like that don't really mess up my plans though , because i have another three back ups in my head ... that perfect moment when you just stop thinking and take in everything ... / happened once in my life , i was looking at a sunrise / stayed up all night / on a beach , most breathtaking thing i have ever ... i love you ... stolen from the infp forum , i hope they don't mind too much ... :p roud : sooo , i didn't read this whole thread , so i'm sorry if someone asked that and i ask again , but how would you have someone go about the process of telling you i love you . ? [ quote = missjordan ; 1298164 ] don't say ' crush ' , it makes you look like you're a 12 year old girl ... i'm young at heart ... inspiration is something strictly individualistic , but i can definitely see your point . for me it usually happens in the late hours of the night , right as i'm about to fall asleep , and ... oh my ... tell your boyfriend to come back down to earth , because his ego had reached massive proportions and is currently taking up half of our solar system . if he thinks he knows everything and has no regard ... in physics ... he's an infp . i am very happy ... :D i was born . it all went downhill from there . now i can't exactly remember where this quote was from , but it doesn't matter , because it's purpose in this post is to loosly summarize my life . now ... ok ok , so this is how it goes : me : hey . * awkward pause * so do you wanna have sex or what ? and this is how it's done . and before you scold me , i was being facetious lol . stupid , closed minded people who can not accept they are wrong . religious people that can not see logic . / i don't mind religion , just pushing me to accept it generally does not work well with my ... well personally , i think you guys are awesome . my .. crush : o ( gasp intp with feelings ) is an infp and honestly i think you are downright adorable , creative and unique . the world wouldn't be the same ... i smile , when i feel like it . i have found that when i force a smile i not only am hurting my face , but also insulting the other person , apparently people know when i'm not smiling for real ... i ... definitely not , i get all awkward and i have no idea what to say . especially with compliments ... :d ry : seriously , what do you say when people compliment you ? i mean yeah i get the whole thank you ... being able to look at a problem and solve it using the power of objectivity :D :D mwahaha ! ! ! the meaning of life .. : wink : imagination is something that provides me with endless entertainment . without it i'd go insane ( er ) .. people have called me crazy for laughing out-loud at something i came up with in my head . so yeah , ... i would never give up the thing i value most about myself .. ever . :) happiness is only temporary anyway . i find it boring and irrelevant ... all the time , i'm still in highschool and being considered that is kind of annoying ... even adults find me intimidating ... again very annoying ... :/ what are you talking about i am obviously imaginary and theoretical ... > _ > i agree ... > _ > emotions are responsible for many good or bad things , the only word i can use to describe them is chaos . no patterns , no reason , just chaos ... and what is order without said chaos ? if emotions didn't ... be illogical ... laugh a lot ... play us a song over and over and over again . / that will most likely annoy anyone , but yeah / faces , definitely . i find them to be way easier to remember , because there's always something unique about them , names on the other hand , well let's just say i know a lot of people named john and ... i agree to a scary degree ... i am also viewed as terribly intimidating , i have no idea why ... sex before marriage ? i vote yes , i am incidentally still a virgin / 17 years old , no rush / but i would definitely have sex before i get married , of course with someone i feel a deep attachment to ... i cannot say anything particularly useful on the subject as i am horrible at small talk ... but i always find that music is usually a subject that most people have no problem talking about ... i can definitely relate , however i've learned to tone it down , and make it seem like the criticisms i throw at other people for their flawed statements / way of life / are a joke ... being myself has ... you know you're an intp when you love and hate everything ... at the same time ... / or at least see several points of view of a particular problem and are able to understand them all to an extreme ... i tend to tell the truth for the most part , but i think it's quite amusing that often times when people ask for the truth they actually want / hope / you to say a complete lie , because most of the ... i feel illogical ... story of my life right there ... :D other than that , honestly , i'm actually glad i am not like my female peers / true it took me 10 years to realize that / , giggling and fussing about hair , shopping ... would this suffice ? - one of my classmates asked me for a dark forest green pencil ... you are an idiot . - for some reason people laugh when i say this ... only americans pledge allegiance to ... yeah i understand where you're coming from but you see that's the closest think i can come to logic ... also i think it's easier for me because i know a lot of things about psychology / my dad and mom ... i wonder if being an intp makes you more prone to being bi-sexual than non intp-s ? / i'm sorry if the above statement is grammatically incorrect , english is my third language . / emotions , like everything can be solved in a logical way , retrace your steps , observe others with the same behavior , and make an assumption . you might want to seek a second opinion though / ughh , i ... i'm 17 ... i can't get the picture to work ... i feel retarded .. '