' this study contrasts most other studies which can generally agree on type distribution . that alone isn't enough to say this study is invalid , but i checked the link and didn't see a source for the ... does anyone have sources ? staying physically active clears my head . i don't believe that you can single out one function and develop it . the cognitive functions are part of a whole . for example an intj is ni te fi se . the idea is that the letters are dominant in a ... i wish there were more of you . i agree with your post in the sense that you can't use mbti to define yourself , and shouldn't as an for excuse insecurities , but i do think there is some merit to the idea . even if someone is ... sorry , i didn't word my post very well . i didn't mean to say that people of the same type have the same strengths in each preference . i was just trying to bolster my point about test percentages ... i think this is pretty accurate , except for the part about occupations . i want nothing to do with religion . i'm interested in innovation and design more than finances which is contradictory to the ... i'm not sure if you are talking about online tests , but the percentages only indicate the surety of the test . ie . 2 % e means you didn't prefer e over i very much in the test results . ( which are not ... my bad about thinking it was office related . i thought i saw something about work in op but i guess i didn't . but please explain to me what exactly about my post is invalid besides mentioning ... that's really flawed logic . fi does not measure how much crap you take from people . that's like saying i have se so i never miss any details that are around me ever . please don't state things ... i heard that if you possess any human qualities you have to be an infj . / sarcasm anyway , just because you are typed as a thinker doesn't mean you obey only logic . human beings are not logical , we ... you feel safe ? .. excellent , all is according to plan . [ insert evil laugh here ] i agree . infp that is idealizing as an intj . hold on a minute . how are you so sure you are an infj ? this entire post was created so that you could figure it out . how can you so easily explain this entire event in infj fe terms if you didn't ... you are not an intj . have you ruled out infp ? i think it really depends on the type , and it's a little bit of a generalization to say all t's . it could have to do with cognitive functions . i for one , really like infp's company and i relate to ... meh . i don't care if mbti is a perfect science or not . it's a tool to help understand yourself and other people . in that respect i think it does a decent job . you shouldn't plan life around mbti . instead of going on a forum and trying to figure out if you are a good designer psychologically ( good luck , you'll need it ) , go design something . side note : ... you guys sure he's infj ? i think that it would be easier for infj's to understand their own type than another , and the fact that he is a mystery but similar could mean he is intj . not trying to rain ... this so far , all of the descriptions i have found for mbti really only show the positives of each type . do you guys know of any more realistic ones ? this question is generating interesting responses . i find i think of things similarly to retrochick , probably because of shared ni dominance . anyway , when i let my mind wander i jump to random ideas , ... i agree that focusing on the personalities and using them as an excuse hinders you , but mbti can be useful in different ways . for me , learning about the different types widens my horizons , and allows ... what pau 7 said is very accurate . you should also watch this . how to tell apart intj vs istj - youtube how do you know he is an intj ? i really don't see his indirectness and topic changes to avoid the situation as something an intj would do . we are very direct , and you should directly ask him . if he ... hey everyone , please help clear up my confusion about s types . i'm looking to know the differences , and not stereotypes about intelligence . specifically , i want to know what si and se are in ... i think you're an intj . you seem like an ni and you use te more than fe . i've gone through the same process as you have , and the way i figured my type was by comparing myself to other intj's and ... i agree . the interaction between the two types is interesting . ni te fi se vs fi se ni te thank you everyone , with this information i have decided that i am intj . this is posted here and not in the intj forum because i think infj's are better at typing in general . below are some things about me in a semi-organized way . i only put information that i thought ... guys you can't just choose to avoid an inferior function . it's like saying you can stop using your liver whenever you want , to get drunk faster . your inferior function is part of who you are . please keep arguing with us , because obviously we are all wrong and you are right . extroverts seem introverted when they are alone . extroverts seem extroverted when they are talking . introverts seem extroverted while talking , and introverted when they are alone . interesting ... so you want to make a post to only further stereotypes about each type ? we already have enough stereotypes , and a thread about insulting personality types . please close . i don't know if you are referencing my post , but to clarify , my second point was that even if introverts are happy , they probably wouldn't show it as much as extroverts , and my final point wasn't ... first of all , how can scientific studies measure something subjective , such as happiness ? these are just numbers . even assuming that happiness is measurable , extroverts would appear happier by ... no , waking up and knowing you will be punched is not a super power , some ni trick or other bs , it's thinking to yourself , hey , i really pissed them off yesterday . i find that a lot of people with aspergers are intj's . i'm sensitive . i love music and can appreciate the little things in life . i still have the arrogant intj cover , but there is a lot i'm not showing . let's break this down i's because generally , they are slower to join discussions than e's . op mentioned checking daily , so n because s types are normally less interested in mbti ( please don't take ... true , but i'm not arguing about culture . no , evolution is not the case . mbti hasn't been around for a very long time , and evolution doesn't happen over night . define friend . i am very selective when i choose who i want to spend time with . i don't like half of the people i meet , and that goes both ways . i don't want to know people on a superficial level . i ... another for intj , but only on good days . youtube.com/watch?v=9ylvrgttew4 it is true that mbti is a theory , but the reason people are here is because they believe it . it is important to remember that the personality types do not define you . they define an average . no one ... the concept works , but i don't see why people would use this when they can just write 4 letters to identify themselves . i thought isabelle meyers was an infp . also , the entp cannot be treated as either , because of socionics . intp's and entp's have very different thought patterns . criticize the poster above me ? you suck . this game is easy . i would say you are intj , except that you are smiling in your picture . intj's are robots and in the code i found dosmile ( ) = = false . therefore you must be an intp . '