' hello there guys . i have had an issue for the past few days . today i thought about how i feel i don't know who i truly am , despite i know i am clearly and infp . i feel like there is no one who ... hello there guys . infp right here : happy : . so i just have a few curiosities about infj's , i think i know a few things about you guys but i would like to learn more about you guys , because ived ... cool ! thank you ! yes , send it to turabo40@gmail.com hello there guy ! another one of your same breed here ! : happy : the reason why i am posting is because in my school district we have to do a mandatory project ( or else you dont graduate ) in which ... inception ... hands down but second and third choice the second the great gatsby movie or cinderella man every single day of my life . i preffer almost everything back in the day , ( music , literature , fashion ... just to name a few ) i have a philosophical approach to the meaning of life and ... hello there guys :) im curious to know if it is normal for infp's to have outbursts of being talkative . there are moments where i literally talk till my throat is sore , and other days where i am ... i hate numbers but love writing , psychology , philosophy , writing , music and art every single day of my life . it tears me apart . i have treid every way i can imagine to cope with it and nothing works . solitary souls seem somber solely slaying saddening silence , so sincerity succumbs strange societal stimuli somehow serpents still slither scarring senses stablishing sadistic stares , superficialing ... im a hopeless romantic . sadly : unsure : probably to shy to even do anything about it . im am curious to know how you toher guys react to having a crush . for me it kin dof saddens me because i wont do anything about it . i am too shy . i feel that if i make a strong and direct approach to ... i sincerely think i am one . despite all my tests came out as infp ( and i am strongly infp like ) the strange thing about myself is that at points i can turn awfully talkative . like i was extroverted , ... that poetic description sounds beautiful ! just thought i would stop and take the time to say that . : happy : i can't speak for all infp's but ill say that atleast for me , it is pretty common . sometimes over stuff other people find useless to cry about . so most of the times i hide or go somewhere to cry ... well i don't really think its lying is usually a characteristic in most infp's in a compulsive way . however the truth is he might have simply lied because he didn't want to make you feel bad , or ... 298882 our unicorns horns will impale the gasoline tanks of your motorcycles ! 298850 dont force us to start slinging the unitatos ! we will also invite the magical faries with honeybun bombs ! ... im going to have to call my friends from narnia we even got obama on our side ! http://i58.tinypic.com/119v4h3.jpg its so true ! i am not going to lie , 90 % of the times im up to talkign about my feelings and emotions with a freind , but its very hard for me to begin talking with someone i just met . i cant even ... is it me or most infps have a special interest in indie ( or underground ) music . like for me for example , i swear i highly dislike most mainstream music nowadays . i dislike its message , concept , ... its very hard for me to turn it off :d ry : but on other notes , for me its to such an extent that my family worries that i might have a problem . my parents told me that i would go crazy . many times ... depends on what type of poetry you are used to checking out . have you written or checked out def poetry , or calliope ? both are much more engaging and intense www.youtube.com/watch?v=vnkz4pdsu-s ... timmy turner , definitely i just wish i could simply stop . i dont know where to begin . ims ismply too shy and wish i could simply be different . i sometimes wish i could change , but it feels like i cant . what wrong with me ? ... i feel like most people really dont wan tot hear the things i have to say . i feel like i look and act awkwarly and that mos tof the time people are too shallow to understand or even care to pay ... sorry fo rthe double post i hadnt realize i had posted . it didnt show up a second ago when i refreshed . hello guys , i am making this thread because i simply too shy to do stuff i wish i could but i hold back from . for example some of these things would include entering a relationship ( wethever ... hello my fellow infp's ! i am just curious to know something strange ived noticed in me , why is it i get so attracted to sappy emotional stuff . like i was reading a book in which the main character ... try to utilize one word which you believe can describe some aspects of an infp . imaginitive hello guys . i know i have been posting a lot of ranty sounding stuff lately but its mostly because i have been pretty much very self aware recently . ived noticed that for the past couple months i ... hello guys . so i wanted to know how you guys feel about this . would it work fine ? i am saying this because for about 6 months i have been boxing training . however due to my personality ( have never ... i hope im not spamming , or sounding needy or anything of that matter . i am not that sure if this is even in the right section of the forums . however i have noticed that the topic of existential ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bocGK2VyO0U i guess this just describes my endless search for beauty in life ... i guess something that most infp's would be able to relate to . i cant seem to be be able to deal with my existential depression / anxiety . i feel so terribly triggered and go through this every single day . :( i think to other threads about song lyrics have already been made . however i would really like to share ( and offcourse to hear ) why do you people like it and how we can connect to it as a group . ... hey guys . just a quick question . i am a high-school student and being surrounded by so many different people : confused : it is often very easy for me to feel like people actually dislike me in some ... im definitely a slow reader . and its not that i cant really read quickly its that i just keep trying to find the deeper meaning even in the most insignificant sentences . 16 too : tongue : warning : this specimen is more versatile than he appears warning : idealism may hurt your feelings warning : disturbing daydream can result in injury warning : may fall in love quickly : unsure : i don't think ived ever found true love : crying : 258194 i think this is pretty interesting - an infinite art set containing allvthe possible types of art supplies - a music box that can play any song i want or can imagine - a girlfriend or friend who i can be mutually connected to i just feel really lonely and sad . i just wish i could express it completely but i cant . : crying : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z9-eKhCukW8 just curious . because in the past i have caught myself trying to be extroverted at times , but of course it just doesn't really work for me . : frustrating : ( however i have no doubt i am an infp ) . i ... it is pretty common in most introverted personalities ( as far as i know ) passionate thanks everybody for the advice . i read through this thread and there is some pretty useful advice . i also noticed that my previous post ( the thread opening post ) had an exaggerate amount of ... i got grey your name tells people that you are calm and level headed . your name makes you seem honest and fair . you are able to look at things clearly and without emotion . you tend to remain ... '