' oh my goodness , thank you so much for such a lovely in-depth and personalised reply ! i'm glad you like the picture :D moreover , i found the comments rather insightful , as there have been a few ... * pokes head in and whispers * hi there ; i heard there was some drawing exercise going on and i would very much like to join in so here thank you so much * drops photo of drawing and flees * ... http://i1.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/010/809/happy-oh-stop-it-you.png but in all seriousness , i love all my fellow infjs as well * uwu * it's marvelously refreshing and inspiring to read ... http://24.media.tumblr.com/d2dd52d1b9cf27a6f05456279e62ac38/tumblr_mravqg4pzA1sq9y85o1_250.gif i have the same problem with being too soft spoken , especially if i'm not feeling especially talkative and just want to be left alone in my head . most of the time when that happens , i'm not even ... * whispers * an offering - - . ( __ ( . ( ⊙ . ⊙ ) ☂ . / - - - ( ^ ^ ^ ) hide and seek my friend , the world has gone mad in chaotic lines and claustrophobic shapes . so i have retreated deep into the fringes of my forest besides the trickling brook and the still ... starry night the stars are here in multitudinous song white-hot , bursting , swirling vertiginous embers they are frank and staring clustering choruses star-struck in wonder bedazzled by the ... i haven't posted in here for a while :) untitled wind on the waves blowing dusty gloom luminous embers of ashen taupe lead unto dark waters glinting still within howling rush i follow ... istj : http://25.media.tumblr.com/e98b9fcb8fe2d974ebd3a335ff84cb8e/tumblr_mmh6uv9OuW1sq9y85o1_250.gif istp : ... this thread has pulled me out of creeper mode to rejoin civilisation :D istj : http://24.media.tumblr.com/69d8c90e974949cab712a038b39357af/tumblr_mmdhdiYT2j1sq9y85o1_400.jpg istp : ... dear saturday , thank you for a fairly positive start , but i still have two new planned activities in my schedule , so , please , would you give me the pleasure and privilege of enjoying the rest of ... dear newest obsession , excellent ! i was starting to worry i would only have my work and normal hobbies to focus on this summer . : crazy : happily yours , the infj with that crazy glint in her eyes it annoys me to no end when people don't seem to realize the existence of the sound toggle / mute buttons , conveniently don't have earphones with them , and blast music the entire journey on the bus ... oh , hello ! i hope you won't find it offensive if i asked where you came from ? :) your avatar is lovely , by the way . did you take that yourself ? i wouldn't mind a chat room / box , actually , only if ... dear , thank you for being so refreshingly honest on the matter . :) i would be very grateful if anyone here who believes me mistyped ( or not ) tell me so . thank you again ! ... i just turned 16 a month ago ; probably a little too young then . :) i will make extra sure to keep my squealing , inner child quelled in this thread , though , i promise .   ... i like ... dear self , wait . are those christmas songs you're listening to ? ... gee , the heat of summer must really be getting to you . slightly concerned for your well-being , amused infj i'm definitely not old enough to answer any of your questions , but you have my support :) both my parents are asian , and my father comes from the hakkan clan , so i have a heap-load of relatives ... infj c d b a ... must ... not ... reply ... ! * fails * : shocked : i vote for the cat , so far , but i agree with all of the others as well ! personally , i'd like to offer the lynx . they're a kind of wildcat , and it adapts progressively alongside it's climate ... it really annoys me when people take my things without permission beforehand . even if you were an acquaintance--even if you were a friend--i'd consider it extremely rude , should you do something like ... i consistently rush into my room for something important , and then promptly forget what it was , as soon as i step into said room . and , i once had both my mother and myself in a panic ... dear , ah ! * excited * i wish you the very , very best of luck ! ! don't overthink things ; there's no changing what's happened . instead , calm down and maybe think about how you could ... reading this thread is slowly but surely pissing me off . :P i'd just like to say that i really , really agree with the two points above , and all of the others made in this thread--especially as i'm ... dear girl 28 , how horrible to hear ! : shocked :: sad : i was ... upset , then worried , and livid when i saw that , and i probably won't be able to express all that i want to properly here , ... i don't see why esfps and infjs couldn't get along . :) of course , this would require maturity to some extent in both parties , otherwise i imagine the esfp's se would drive our ni up the wall . from ... 1 . what musical instruments do you play ? the piano , the gu-zheng , the clarinet , marimba , and recorder . ( although i can't play that last one too well ) 2 . did you take music lessons or teach ... dear budding headache , ughhh . yours , a zombified infj dear gnothi seauton , i'm so , so very sorry to hear that . if you ever have the need to talk about it , please don't hesitate to come to me , or any of the others here . i'm sure every other infj here ... ah , that sounds familiar . : tongue : i do that ... all the time . it's quite annoying ; but occasionally i get into the aforementioned frenzy and organize everything i can lay my hands on . my bookshelves are an especial priority in these ... dear ... friends , i don't know anymore . i am ... most truthfully , confused . was it me ? what did i do wrong ? ... please help me . i can't tell if you're being serious or not ... not for me , i'm afraid . sorry , goose ! : sad : however , i don't get nervous at all if i have some sort of script in my hands , and especially not if my teammates and i have gone through the ... i can relate to this as well ! as soon as the room becomes deathly quiet ; it's almost as if you have all the attention in the room--anything you say and any sound you make is going to be heard , loud ... you're so quiet . ugh ... you're so private ! are you okay ? ! <-- :d ry : you're such a perfectionist ! you're so cute ! ... that's so deep .  ... you're weird . * blank stare * ... okay ... i do believe i turn 16 next week ... : happy : i know it's already been affirmed that there are somewhat more intuitives and introverts here , but wouldn't it be interesting to see the average ages ... i've been told my whole life to speak up ; and once , in a prose speaking competition , the adjudicator actually told me that she'd have let me win , had i been louder ... : blushed : my parents always ... dear fingers , i never appreciated you enough . please forgive me ! don't get cut off ; stay strong , please . disorientated-ly paranoid , infj having woken up from a nightmare dear apocalyptic thunder and lightning , you're beautiful . please ask heavy rains to come along soon , storm-struck infj closing my eyes in cold contemplation languid air inhale and breathe out empty air . i scored 75/100 ; in the category of high machs . i'm an infj . it would be very interesting to see some more people here taking the test ; i'd also like to see how my score fares compared to other ... i relate to almost all of these . there's always , always at least aone instance where i cry , ( or tear up ) when i watch movies . i cry during deep , profound moments , in life , in books , when i'm ... i make sure i never show it ; but i've thought about this a lot and i find that i do have a tendency to be hurt rather easily . in truth , this has been something i've had to deal with since i was ... : happy : what a lovely thread ! i love ... :D i love curling up amidst my quilts and squishy pillows and tangled blankets and reading my eyes out , a calming cup of chamomile and lavender tea in the ... dear gorgeous new earphones , why are you so shiny ? ! : crazy : : shocked : i can't listen to my songs properly because i keep taking you out and looking at you ! * cue creeper music * you make me ... dearest courage , how are you , dear ? just thought i'd pop by and ask when you feel like ending your extended holiday . maybe before , y'know , i literally become a hermit . perhaps you could ... i've attached it again here : happy : 33633 '