' i've been going through some stuff lately , mainly working on some grief-trauma issues that have been sitting on a shelf for far too long . i made a very honest open post yesterday about everything ... having the house to myself ! when someone ... asks me to make a decision / give advice ( claiming to have no preference ) and then shoots down all my suggestions asks me a question and then doesn't listen to my answer invites me ... i get this sometimes . i think it's just because i'm more reserved around people i don't know and hold some ( maybe more old-fashioned ) manners . for example , i keep it pg in professional or family ... nope https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E7SSC3ex-bA chicken-wing unexpected large groups really stress me out . example : last week a friend of mine organized a birthday get-together for a close mutual friend . i knew that , including myself , there would be five ... i'm struggling intensely to have hope and keep afloat right now . it's hard to explain what's responsible for this violent and abrupt shift . it's just life stuff , i know . it's mostly about ... i do this too . i blame empathy ( haha ) . maybe because i don't usually extend invitations and i'm really not good at handling the rejection when i do , i don't want to make anyone feel that way . i ... i don't like to toot my own horn . i'm not loud and boisterous ( for the most part ) . i've always highly valued humility and modest ( to some extent ) . i was taught not to brag and show off . i still catch ... i can relate to that curiosity . i'm also an interpol fan . good taste :] have you heard sun kil moon / this song ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=begLNqsNusk it inspired me to research ... i should be looking for a new job or at least trying to resend the one application i finished , that wouldn't submit due to some issues the company's website was having . but i am listening to old ... today i was imagining that , if i wrote an autobiography , a good title would be something smells weird and it might be me i love art but i hate the art world . i'm becoming incredibly disillusioned . the scarcity of authenticity and originality is overwhelmingly scary . enfj's at their best are the nicest , warmest , most caring , selfless , and helpful people in the world . enfj's at their worst appear to be the nicest , warmest , most caring , selfless , and helpful ... i don't think i've often been picked on by nt's ( expect entp's who do it in a playful way because they are amused by my reaction ;p ) . i've felt like i was being picked on before by nt's and later ... i got the same . :] i think maybe the problem could be you aren't expressing enough positive judgements to balance your criticism out ? the intp's i'm close to usually show their admiration and appreciation with actions ... hmm . that's a tricky question . intj's can be really hard to read . from my experience , they also tend to be pretty straightforward . so if i have doubts , i feel comfortable asking intj's for ... smoking with cigarettes . forgetting about how my image might actually affect interactions and relationships ( oops ) i've had mostly hosting and retail jobs . i now think that customer service is just not for me . it hasn't always been so bad though . there were a lot of different variables contributing to how much i ... entp .. what the ... ? i think i tend to be very aware of fashion ( maybe that's se ) . but i don't usually care , comply , or put any effort into making myself fashionable . i think it would be easy for me to be fashionable , ... i'm getting really frustrated even trying to think of what career i may want . idk ? ! one that doesn't exist ! ? and i feel like a bad infj , but i really do not wish to be a counselor , therapist , ... imo , intj's . no contest . ntp's are too silly and unfocused to be intimidating . entj's can be obnoxious , but not intimidating . intp feels r not so complicate . intps just aren't most adept at expressing their feels . so others are left with no good way to gauge the intps feels . the intp may also think their own emotions are ... it's rude in some instances . i use my phone a lot for texting and interneting . i think talking on the phone while in public or with friends is rude . with friends , i use my phone sometimes to show ... that entp honesty always brings a smile to my face :] i'm mostly a dick by avoiding people and then lying about it . i'm really good at pretending to be busy or distracted when i don't want to deal with someone . it is usually nothing personal . i work in ... shy , sensitive , sweet , well-behaved , smart , creative though i have to wonder if people didn't secretly think : overly serious ( dramatic ) , ocd , or somewhat autistic we are protective by nature and value privacy . this may not apply to your situation at all , but i've closed myself off to enfp's because of the way they reacted to me opening up . one didn't value ... i can see this . i would be a more pensive infj . ( i remember my mom using that word to describe me a lot growing up ) i often feel more introverted and level-headed compared to other infj's . i know ... i don't see anything wrong here . if you were seeking relationships too intensely , it sounds healthy to take a break from them . your age and how long this has been going on are definitely factors ... from my experience , i've found that ntp's are the most appreciative of my quirks . i don't feel like they merely tolerate my little idiosyncrasies ; they really take note of them and find ... i just realized how terribly cynical and nihilistic i've been lately . all the while , i've been judging people for not being more kind to me , when they are probably just reacting naturally to my own ... 1 ) i don't think i am a very good host , honestly . i am about never a host , haha . my lack of experience doesn't help . but i have never felt inclined to desire being a host either . i would feel weird ... i think it depends . this may even be true in most cases ( though i think that's a stretch ) . but what does that mean ? how should we react to that ? i think it's true that the people who need love ... i understand this all too well . :/ i'm sorry to hear you are having this issue . i am currently in the process of ending a relationship with an intp male . my advice is to really try to find out ... 5-9- 2 here :] i wonder why this tritype has been dubbed the problem solver and in which ways the order of stacking influences what types of problems we are solving sometimes i really want someone to fight with me . not all the time . but , sometimes , yes . i've had way too many passive aggressive people in my life . if i'm out of line , tell me . get mad at me ... i've had ( and am still having ) a similar experience . i do think family history has an influence on these things , as much as i hate admitting it . i didn't have a normal stable family or peer ... this is why i love entps :] this ! yes . haha . this is something i often consider , which probably just makes me overanalyze even more . :P but the statistics on infj relational dissatisfaction do put some real fear in me . ello :P i hide sometimes . i guess what i was trying to ask , is that some people are more empathetic than others . and ( if you can tell how empathetic people are ) , do you feel a deeper connection ... hello ! : kitteh : empathy is a trait commonly mentioned when talking about infjs . i've always experienced it , but never thought deeply about it in a more practical way , such as how it contributes to ... when i was elementary school age , i stole a piece of gum from a store . i was with my mom and really wanted candy . we didn't have much money then and i felt it was unfair , as i didn't ask for candy ... i am sx first , but i have similar experiences with people who are sx second . i have a friend who i believe is sx first also , and we came to the conclusion that we often look for something in ... i've realized that maybe i assume more / most people are sx-dom . you mean some people are actually really happy 100 % with just being comfortable and feeling safe ... and that's it . ? i don't even ... how do you go about breaking up with someone who you love but are not in love with ? when you like them very much as a person but feel unsatisfied , maybe due to incompatibility , as a romantic ... '