' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3j8YKuhDCgA https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yf1-uRJN61E have you ever considered it ? yes . do you see it as reasonable , or a solution ? to me , it seems to be reasonable , as the following two things seem more likely to me than any others : either there ... perhaps you're simply an enigmatic person . maybe life has some kind of a meaning or maybe it's utterly meaningless ; life seems like such an unrelenting enigma to me . for some reason , though , lately i've strongly felt that there must be some ... i graduated about a year ago . i struggled both socially and academically . during my freshman year , i think i probably got around four and a half hours of sleep each night : i would stay up and play ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zUwuT6m5roU 1 . i don't know how to go about defining the words ' good ' or ' bad ' , so i can't label it as one or the other . 2 . ^ 3 . yeah , i would say so . i sort of used to be a christian . i think i was more of an ... i would probably find some way to return it to its owner . however , my returning it would not be due to any kind of a moral principle ; i would just be personally inclined to return it . i wouldn't take ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d4tyCchDlhM 15 % . i feel like i must not have been honest or something . isn't that excessively vindictive , though ? it just seems rather unnecessary and like it wouldn't really be productive in any way . i would think that many , if not most , of the people whom do terrible ... it's such a beautiful day by don hertzfeldt . it's a trilogy of animated short films ( everything will be ok , i'm so proud of you , and it's such a beautiful day ) of his that he made into a feature ... roast samesies . : unsure : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1IUX0Qy-IDM yeah , we are ... aren't we ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N_oX54yqMws to be honest , i don't actually know all that much about mbti , and i have practically no understanding whatsoever of the cognitive functions and whatnot ( should i research these things a little ? ); but ... waking life . someone mentioned it in a thread about favorite movies . anyway , it is without a doubt one of my favorite movies now ; and i'll probably be watching it several times over . contentedness . i just meant better in the sense that intps could be considered better strictly in terms of their logic ; i certainly don't think any one type is just downright better than any other particular ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dlQlokP7IjQ seriously , i apologize if i said things i shouldn't have , which i probably did . bye . yeah , i do . i do understand that not everyone's minds are oriented in the same way that mine is ; and i'm not suggesting that mine is oriented in such a way that it makes it better , since , in several ... you did say , logic can solve many things , but not everything , which sort of makes it seem like you're implying that it was something supernatural , something which doesn't abide by natural law and ... instead of saying , ... reason enough to not believe in something , what if i said , ... is a good reason to not believe in something . ? statistically speaking , it could . ( maybe i'm ... ignoring the possibility that it could be explained in some other way , let's say that somehow he did move from one place to another like that . even so , we wouldn't know how it happened ; we would just ... what situations are you referring to ? i would be surprised if we couldn't come up with loads of other possibilities , whatever situations you may be referring to . well , we probably can't prove the ... lassitudinous i know you're not exactly talking to me , but , to answer your question , no , i can't . however , i hope you're not using our inability to prove there isn't a god as a reason to believe there's a god . there's one which says , last name is wright . couldn't be more wrong . : laughing : i would've posted it , but ... to be able to post links or images your postcount must be 15 or greater . you ... like someone said before me , love is a much too ambiguous term , but , i guess you wouldn't have asked , what is love to you ? if it weren't ... so , i guess love to me is just a very strong liking , ... i should've asked can anyone , besides me , relate to this ? rather than does this make sense to anyone ? i almost feel like nihilism accompanied with despair doesn't make much sense ; in a way , ... ( aphorism 34 from human , all too human : a book for free spirits by nietzsche ) in mitigation . - but will our philosophy not thus become a tragedy ? will truth not become inimical to life , to the ... well , i didn't explicitly define omnipotence in that way . * rolls eyes * ... but it was very much implied , so , all joking aside , i guess you're right : it was a faulty argument . could you please explain how i don't possess the intellectual wherewithal ? could you explain to me how god both knows the outcome of our lives , yet also gives us the free will to choose ? back up ... humans struggle with that because it's a very obvious contradiction ... if god knows the outcome of our lives , then i would assume he knows every last detail about what i'm going to do tomorrow , ... '