' please change my name to mallow , thanks . so little fucks given all around . some things : 1 . my thoughts on drugs - drugs should be legal because : a . idiots that misuse drugs would die b . organizations that sell drugs could be decriminalized c . being less taboo overall , ... welcome istp :) maybe you are right , but maybe i don't care : o yes , we all know this , but it is fun to forever troll . lol hugging would be silly nothing is special about intjs aside from the fact that the natural set up of cognitive functions is scientific . the hypothesis ( ni ) we gather data ( te ) [ we comprehend morals ( fi ) , not necessary in ... i would hate to have an exoskeleton . ... i was just thinking about it after watching the gif in scarab ' s sig . that would suck on a human to have exo yayyy ! : kitteh :: crazy : u200b happy dayyy derailing threads is my part time job . home is a set of efficient systems you devise to make your life better wherever you are and whomever you are with . :) ermahger , detailed documentation of a small corner of the internet ! : d does this excite everyone ! ? maybe just me . lol that is pretty coooll , where is wiki ? ? ? oh wait , are you messing with me ? D: sooo , i went over the last few pages and well .. i'm struggling to understand what was so crazy , seemed pretty basic for internet threads : ooo , sexy times , such orgy on thread ! hehehe :P lol intps ohai , sorry to interrupt . i'm here to observe the crazy that goes on in this thread . i find it interesting how the title keeps bringing me back . reverse pscyhooollolgygyg who dere i think most people are direct products of their environment . if you grow up in a head hunter cannibalistic community , you'll probably feel fine about eating brains . what makes people human is their ... stop bein ' such hoe bags . lol wtf haha , forever that image will be in my brain . : crazy : yes , this is a perfect way to describe this , however , i would argue that the typical female in the world is expected to be esfj ( fe si ne ti ) … . not even close to the cognitive functions of an intj . i ... i was just ghost thanked ! haha oh wow , that was a random post . i should share the love … hm > _ > who do i pay it forward to ? ! ? i agree with this , however , i will read a book for fun if family or friends recommend or if something seems interesting . then the purpose is fun ! : laughing : i don't get why people are mean to ... you could try the intj forum and weird little nooks and crannies online . otherwise , you might meet one through a coding / math / philosophy / psychology / nerd / typology meetup type group ( less likely . ) when ... the holiday festivities ( cookies , fires , music ) makes staying indoors all day because it is cold and dark outside , a little more cheerful for some people . you can either resist and be alone in a cold ... i think it would cause a lot more issues than freedom does . i really like the thought though , i've had a similar thought about like minds getting together and that being the basis for the forming of ... i just hate the way they are marketed because it reminds me that kids and parents are the target market and kids don't have fully developed brains yet . plus , the plots in most kid's movies make me ... they are great for your health ! : d such spaz ! oh , to be young again . i changed my name , but it was previously christicake . i kind of got addicted to the internet while i was bedridden and sick and this site was part of my addiction . i'm doing great now , but i miss ... marriage . i'm curious as to how and what ? please , could you change my name to placentacake ? thank you so much ! ^ _ ^ ehhh ... i think it depends on the situation , but for the most part i would say it is better to try and not run away from problems . hell o http://personalitycafe.com/whats-my-enneagram-type/165001-wanted-enneagram-guru-analyze-questionnaire-what-my-tri-type.html#post4222170 you are more than welcome to . http://i.imgur.com/5qoZBBp.pngThese are the results of the test i just took , but i fckin don't know . i relate to 1 a lot , so much so that i thought i was a 1 for a while . i always test either 5 or 1 ... i love talking to entjs ! : o i wish i were a virgin . penis ok , first of all , calm your tots . this is completely normal for a female intj . i've been in that situation countless times and even been called a horrible person with no good inside me . : ( you are a ... sorry , i was away exploring socionics , which i found to be interesting . how is everyone ? i love this post ! yes , i have solved multiple problems using myers briggs . i think it should be used as a tool . nice ! :D welcome ! i love the name and story behind it . :) i think i read somewhere that a pregnant woman's estrogen doubles everyday ? well , it at least increases everyday and she probably felt really guilty or ashamed for getting pregnant + crazy hopped up ... when it just hurts to watch wahahahaha ! <3 http://youtu.be/m1VRT5PeeUw i'm wondering if this was evil of me to do ... those are the moments in church that i would pffft and being dying of laughter on the inside . i think it is really interesting how infps feel the embarrassment of others . fascinating ! :D those are the best though ! i crack up so hard xd but i actually do relate to the op . that can happen to me , although not very often . i wonder if that is an fi thing ? '