' no . also not joking can we please quit with the fun and games and get this thread back to requesting genuine name changes now . thank you . find other ways to annoy me . still a little hope left . inconclusive results . waiting another two days . i actually just googled how to cultivate patience .. another 29 hours or so to wait for further news . i'm glad my cryptic miscarriage post could serve as the foundation for a word joke and a gif . and then the positivity turns out to be a fleeting thing most likely . dammit . : sad : i like my desktop clean . i will usually have a clean up folder where i will dump random stuff that don't have a spot yet and i usually clean that up once every couple of months . clutter annoys me . my awesome attention to detail just read that as your dream was - being - a therapy cat and for a split second i could relate . har har . no . now get out . uhm . that's not so negative after all . i'm just going to quietly freak out a little here . meh . negative . disproportionately annoyed . i get along well with istjs generally speaking . i love their sarcasm and they are so thorough ! i've worked innteams with a couple and found that we usually come to similar conclusions but in slightly ... yet here we are :) see you on the 28th . name changes are up to date . shoot me a pm if you experience any rollbacks to old names again so i can fix it up for ya . i honestly can't say that i have . i mean , i have a ' friend ' who will only call when in need of some legal advice but that doesn't feel like being taken advantage of . i'm aware that her interest in me ... sil gave birth yesterday and it all went well and now there is another new person in the world . his big sister hasn't fully grasped yet that he is actually coming home with them lol . very curious to ... can we stick to just asking for name changes in this thread ? if you have anything to ask or say about glitches please do not do so in this thread but start a new thread in this section or comment on ... thread closed time out . shush glitches . glitches everywhere . likely due to a server rollback . we are waiting on feedback from vertical scope . they are closed at this time as it is night time in canada where they are based .  ... see announcement : experiencing some system issues that are probably causing this . i will let vertical scope know . http://personalitycafe.com/support-suggestions/announcements.html family and friends in the caribbean on one of the islands that took a direct hit from irma . news is super slow to come through because phones aren't working and they don't have access to a satellite ... closing this thread as it was dead and probably was better off that way as well . if it isn't taken , then i don't see why not . answering for a friend . nope i think that's a no . is already in use no to me there is something inherently wrong about a government being able to decide your life is of no further value and as such you should die . law people can this stop now ? i don't think this is going to be happening anytime soon . meh . it was . then it wasn't . and now i don't even know what's going on and it probably means the time isn't right and i should just sit back ... dammit . my anti malware software failed and my computer is infested and i didn't know about it for god knows how long . that annoys me . cleaning it up is such a drag . things are busy . it's nice . there is lots of excitement happening in the family here because sil is due in a few weeks with baby nr 2 . i look forward to meeting this new little person . things ... it was changed to captain nemo but seeing that you changed your mind on the same day i'll go ahead and change it again instead of making you wait a month . not sure what happens with the link but ... ok . thanks for the ' splaining i guess ? but seriously . try the banana ganache . you'll understand . i keep meaning to do another sugar free week ( or two ) but then i google something like ' banana ganache ' and there goes my resolve . hey there unfortunately this would be against forum rules and as such it won't be allowed . we have strict rules against advertising on the forum and will remove links as we come across them or ... nope . permanently closed . so where you have desiredusername in the link , one should edit in their desired username . if the name is taken , it will lead you to the member's page . if the name isn't taken it will say that that ... sorry for the delay people . won't happen again . that name is taken temp close - mod review 14 . leaving the forum farewell threads are not allowed . kindly leave contact information on your blog if you feel the need to exit the forum . 703482 that's brutal . toddler wakes up every 1.5- 2 hours on average . it's been that way since birth . she will grow out of it eventually . i can't remember the last time i've slept an actual decent ... is this due to x chromo or insomnia ? i can relate to sleep perchance to dream aye , there's the rub [ / quote ] due to toddler . lol it's amazing what difference at least 1 block of 3 hours can ... i really need to get some decent sleep . decent meaning at least a couple of 3 - hour blocks instead of this 1.5 hr increments crap . e is stepping up her walking game these past couple of days . it's ... let's not . my best friend's grandmother , in her nineties , had a stroke . a big one . luckily she was able to flag down a neighbour and get treatment within the critical timeframe but the consequences seemed to be ... yesnomaybe . : angry : way to necro a thread and make a sleep deprived admin count threads and be super confused at a + 20 result '