' that's a good question . is he trying to decode the mind of an intp by attempting to define his / her vulnerabilities ? otherwise , the intp would not believe in touching . i think iamtp is a mole . : crazy : twins . red 455hawk keep the thread alive or start a poll . the results might surprise you . this sample size is too small for you to draw a fair conclusion right now . seriously , it differs by nationality . some would give perceptively weak traits to the definition of femininity while others would attach more masculine traits to it . if being feminine means to ... 7 , which would have been true in my single-digit years world ? no no no . galaxies , yes . learn to push those feelings aside . ntps are still sensitive people , meaning she could be feeling similarly about you . if you want to keep the friendship going , then act with positive thoughts in ... i read a blog post on quora a couple days back where the author essentially used game theory to find his second wife . he described the process of his deductive reasoning as using a combination of ... i do that too . it just happens . optimizing burst potential isn't a bad thing to me , though it takes a while for me to prepare . preparation beforehand lengthens the time of my bursts and i'm able to ... i'm afraid of making mistakes , which is irrational since i naturally make mistakes . kimi wa petto i'm cuddling with my laptop . does that count ? : happy : always speak your mind ! no one will take it personally . : wink : there's part of me that works on its own schedule , whether i like the timing or not . the more i worry , the fewer projects i finish due to mind fog . i try to step back and let myself do ... pfft . stop being a brit and embrace the yankee way of life . learn to love international confusion ! i wouldn't say it's an outlier to be an intp who's not good at math . you're an intp because you look at certain aspects of life at an angle related to a person of your personality type . math is just ... this is not going to be easy , is it ? like oh em gee , these boots are so keyewwwt ! ! ! [ boyfriend of the week ] buy these for me ! buy the boots ! ! ! honey , where are you going ? baby , i'm not done shopping yet ! baby ? ? ! ! ! we still haven't ... you're weird or you come out of left field . * alert ! raise energy shields * remember when you used to [ insert worst possible memory ] ? * direct energy to front shields * i don't believe ... me : you know what can curve those hunger pains ? classmate : what ? you mean drinking water ? me : playing hunger games . classmate : ... i really wish you wouldn't joke like that . sure , overload the landfills . cockroaches and mold would greatly appreciate the contribution . they feel dryness , i guess . accidentally shooting part of your frontal lobe can do that too . i listen to such a wide variety of music that i can just pick one that i'd think they'll like and not be ashamed of it . i'm right for the majority of the time , but i don't worry so much when i'm ... i got along with myself before the stress in my life kept me from enjoying even that relationship fully . i tried to get along with everyone as i got older , but apparently teachers appreciated my ... i couldn't read through a page without laughing . i love you all right now . 2nd http://youtu.be/RY7Oi6v7U-4 1st of 2 today http://youtu.be/vv7EtBmZ-ko i'm not saying you're doing this to punish people . i assume that your assumptions come naturally , just as some of mine . my mind is faster than i am and its stubbornness rivals my own feelings . either ... or maybe you have what they call a hot head . that happens too . most people won't care what your assumptions are , but some are very sensitive . if you really want to do away with this quirk then ... i like snow . i like playing in it . i also like when that snow melts to make way for spring . that's about it . i prefer being warm overall . ( this isn't so random since my mind is drifting to the tune of joe hisaishi scores ) i wonder what would happen if my surroundings reflected the inner musings of my mind . would they be as light or ... http://www.studlife.com/files/2010/11/Psych1.jpg if i were to guess , the chief karen vick ( front right ) from usa network's psych is isfj . lassie ( front left ) is more istj and jules ( back right , ... i wouldn't know . some of the people i work around who are irrational and stubborn are practically borderline sociopathic ... yet ironically seem to have a lot of clout , regarding where we are or where ... that happens to me too . i'll stop studying if i understand and i won't stop if i don't . the last thing i want is to be rushed when i'm not ready or stay on a subject that i know for ... my thoughts ... and they're driving me up the wall . when you do the same thing twice in a different way all because you didn't think you did it right the first time ... only to end up with the same results . edit : i understand i may have repeated ... music box melodies seem to soothe me . http://youtu.be/RQaRSCnJaoo lefty lady , though i've been training myself to be ambidextrous since i was an adolescent . i've found it necessary in tasks like cutting with scissors , pencil sharpening , multitasking , etc ... yeah , i keep forgetting that . then i get frustrated for having to explain something that seems so obvious , when that happens . well , every benefit requires a little effort as input . thanks , ... bast i agree with you on that . haha , that's definitely something to think about . i knew group studies were essential for some reason . i'm not in graduate school yet , but if that's where i eventually find myself then i can't ... it is . i'm going to spend time doing that , then . flash cards should help me , but i think i should start with 10 at a time if i do . i don't want any information blending together in my head before a ... that is definitely what i need . thank you . that's what happens to me too , though i'm trying to get out of the habit of doing things at the last minute . i like working alone but if i don't have someone to work with then i eventually get bogged ... yeah , that's what's scaring me most . i want to study in a group but , from an undergraduate perspective , i can't seem to get it right , since it's only worked for me maybe 3 times at the most . i'm not ... lol i prefer getting the answers over flash cards any day . flash cards and i don't get along : too much commitment , too little certainty . yeah , sometimes different learning styles get in the way ... sometimes it's a catch 22 - you don't want to teach but you don't want them spreading wrong answers either . i understand . i'll only want to do it if i feel it will be productive for everyone ( i . e ... slashandz that's fine . i'm glad you shared . i agree , getting enough rest is really good , especially when you're in an environment you'd rather not be in . sometimes i like being around people unless ... mendelevium i understand that . i've been in a couple situations where i was the one helping everyone else and i've also been in situations where someone else was running around . that seems to be ... '