' i ain't dead yet . this site meant a lot to me and still does . sup ! phobic 6 ? i happen to be in the philosophy that order does not matter after the core ( each core type already has an order or head-heart-gut inherently ) so labeling myself as 3-5- 9 vs 3-9- 5 doesn't matter . the ... i think it plays a role after you accept them as a person ( type then after you are with them . that said , here's where i'm at . i'm a 3w4 - 5w6 - 9w8 sp / sx i've dated plenty of 6 ' s , the two that ... yeah , 3w4 - 5w6 - 9w8 sp / sx . i'm posting from a bullshit phone so ignore the shitty way that i post . the enneagram is a much squishier typology , but i prefer it to the others . the other typologies focus ... i'm not too sure if anyone remembers me , but i was a really inconsistent poster back in my day . i m back now , so what's up ? yeah , i'll agree with you . i do very much avoid accountability ( gotta do that shame avoiding ) , it is something i do both on purpose , and automatically . it is part of the politician screening sort of ... got a job about a month and a week ago , been unemployed for about 8 months . it was a cold , broke , and shit winter up here in michigan . i'm still extremely behind on finances ( catching up on ... i'll work on those apologies , hah . i'm embarrassed for that type me thread . ja , go for it . i suppose i didn't explain the first part properly . i did not intend to spin what happened in your typing thread . i thought of my post as an apology for your typing thread ( and my behavior in regards ... mom : infp 6w5 - 9w1 - 2w3 sp / so older sister : enfp 4w3 - 6w7 - 9w1 sx / so father : dead dwe-cwe-aws-ewd di / rt male cousin / roommate : infj 6w5 - 8w7 - 4w5 sx / so me : entp 3w4 - 5w6 - 9w8 sp / sx i'd say i get ... doodled a tree in ball point on the back of a dessert menu at work : http://i57.tinypic.com/30vyz3a.jpg cosmic orgasm i'm a bit late , but yeah . i've been on and off in terms of activity , but i would say that i've seen enough of your progression to comment . so it has been four years , i remember ... oh sigh , yes reddit . well yeah , but do me too . i can do that , i'll do it in a little bit hurr . i don't feel as if i'm really connected into this community , so i wonder what judgement will come to me . i'll take requests as well , but i cannot guarantee a lot of substance in my analysis . the best ... i'm going to bike a few hundred miles with a friend to hit up my state's ( michigan ) breweries . get off the bickering , i'd rather not infract you two . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FRFgFBfa1v4 haven't listened to nirvana in years , but man , i must've overlooked this song back then . i rarely ever relate to the shit titles given to the 3w4 , they are all reminiscent of the two-dimensional descriptions of the type . i see the type as a statue : impressive , solid / sturdy , beautiful , ... yeah , but then i'd have to write more stuff . sx / so is more reckless to themselves than an sx / sp . sx / sps are more out of touch with the people around them than a sx / so . crap quality of a pen doodle , it's all hatched . http://i57.tinypic.com/epqik8.jpg 3w4 - 5w6 - 9w8 exercising while always recommend / downplayed / overplayed , but it really does make you feel better . exercise does a lot of feel goods for psychological disorders ( it keeps my dysthymic disorder turned ... and more to add : pavement - brighten the corners the shins - oh , inverted world . modest mouse - good news for people who love bad news lymbyc systym - love your abuser devotchka - 100 other ... drinking buddies , i watched it after learning that the majority of the dialog is improvised . one of those hopeful / hopeless romcoms about being a 20 - something year old who drinks too much . as a ... dude , shes a man . shazam : http://i58.tinypic.com/25krfvk.jpg wooo you're welcome ! huzzah ! http://i62.tinypic.com/oihu1k.jpg bam ! http://i61.tinypic.com/2mi54qq.jpg bam bam ! http://i60.tinypic.com/e9yjcj.jpg it just never stops hurting . decided in kazoo's thread about being some sort of forum fashion person : it was decided ( due to my totes rad border ) that black borders are the shit in terms of forum avatars . it's super easy to ... bam : http://i60.tinypic.com/2elfk0o.jpg the best i'll give ya , avatar wise . but : a movement for the black border needs to be a thing . black borders on avatars change the world . i suppose the sig is multi-colored due to it being built up , rather than created at once . a bulletin board if you will . i'll agree with the color shift , but i rather enjoy the squareness of my avatar . make me cry . not only is this radically inaccurate , it is also a textbook instance of typsim . refrain from derogatory posts about a personality type that you dislike , and consider this a verbal warning . ... the problem is paying for the electrician school , my undergrad is already paid for via the government . i'm under the impression that trade school will be out of pocket . i've been doing this sex thing horribly wrong . i'm extremely well known within my circle of friends . get a bfa in drawing -> shitty entry level job -> trade school ( electrician most likely ) -> work . spend the rest of my time with good people , and hopefully get somewhere with art . you're still developing cognitively at 17 , working towards your adult brain . the gaps in others and yourself are most likely explained by such things . perhaps you are putting too much on other people ... i know of models who take muscle relaxers to ease up their bodies . draw people doing things they do without much moving ( relaxing / sleep / playing video games / watching tv / eating ) getting them to model ... and two more . i favor pastels , conte , and charcoal . the self portrait is done in sharpie and pen , but used a photo for reference . i avoid drawing from pictures as much as possible . generally about ... ja . that was for drawing 2 which is intermediate still life drawing , but it's my second time taking it due to my interest in improvement ( i'm much better at figure drawing than i am with stills ) . ... '