' women crushes : kristi yamaguchi rachel weisz priyanka chopra alicia keys halle berry men crushes : dean charles chapman frank dillane common sense / conventional wisdom is generally profoundly overrated . story of my life since graduating from undergrad bachelor's in 2013 and grad master's in 2017 . i am 28 . there were no jobs related to my respective degrees , in fact , very few . applied for fast food ... many colleges fail at teaching skills in which would be applicable in job / work related settings for their respective fields and real time training in preparation for actual employment . colleges ... unpopular opinion : i think ignoble people's deaths should be celebrated rather than mourned . like stalin , hitler and mao should be celebrated in regards to people being glad that they are dead . people shouldn't shave body hairs like legs , arms , chest , etc . it's perfectly natural and serves an evolutionary trait of keeping your body warm , just like your head hair . i really think that ... hi bb , i like to think about idyllic places and lands , like in fantasy movies , games , and books . the kind of future i imagine and daydream about is a future in which people live without conflict or a ... 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... true , i am not projecting my own issues , as i myself am courageous and brave , but i am referencing those who i have seen who lack in courage in real life and in fiction . the trials and tribulations ... suppose if your offspring was one of these weak and sick individuals ? would they still be a blemish and crime to humanity ? why the lacking of courage in a man so reprehensible in society ? why do women who lack courage deserve far more pity than men who lack courage in society ? wouldn't it be fair for both to be treated ... it's not immoral . i have adhd primarily inattentive . i also have dyscalculia . my disabilities were greatly challenging in childhood and adolescence . i coped with it by studying really hard , more than two hours , asking ... theories : perhaps the aliens from mayan society were actually humans with modified heads due to body modifications during infancy like those used in african societies . maybe the ufos seen ... how do you feel being an estj in a site with a lot of infps ? do you feel like a fish out of water ? very sexy assets indeed ready , steady , go ! i fully agree . i am a huge flirt . i can be forward , subtle , and sexy when flirting . the hobbit movies are a worthy addition as a prequel to the lord of the rings movies . hello ! no , it's fine , as long as its cleaned , not objectively gross . i feel the similar way as an infp male . infp females are portrayed as ideal , unicorns , angelic , and cute as a daydreamer blowing dandelions . however , infp males are ignored and shunned because we ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NUzsVy9HdL4 i am an agnostic atheist . i am not religious at all . i have no desire to follow any religion . yuck ! me too . http://funlexia.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/Facepalm_2.jpg http://animediet.net/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/633838673083134865-FACEPALM.jpg ... : laughing : watch out for those sites . they can pose as adobe flash upgrades , malware protection , etc . it is annoying as hell and stressful beyond belief . i had reading assignments in which some readings per week were 100 pages , some 75 , some 50 . but 100 pages per week is really a hell of a lot . top that with 100 slide powerpoints to read as well . in ... trump may get ladies , but he sure sucks at keeping them due to his infidelity . plus , trump is a buffoon . sometimes , some people see beauty in ugly people and look more at their inner qualities rather ... if you think you are ugly , look at donald j . trump . weird . i don't think i look like any of my relatives to be honest . alrighty then ... introverting isn't justified in society , so fuck society , it's in the introvert's nature . i think most people don't truly understand introverts and think their introverted behavior is off-putting ... i try to avoid phone calls as much as possible . i am a critical and judgmental infp vocal about moral issues . get some therapy and preferably one that is related to psychoanalytics . sushi is by far the most disgusting asian food ever . you're terminated ! it looks like you're banned ... i didn't have the skills to do that at all in college when i went to some clubs . i was extremely unpopular with the ladies due to my lack of social skills . plenty similar instances of me missing a crush in my capitalistic country , not at a protest , but being too late at social gatherings happened all too often when i was in college . abortion should be banned and planned parenthood defunded . indiana jones and the last crusade is a far better movie than indiana jones and the raiders of the lost ark . i would say indiana jones and the temple of doom is the most interesting of the four ... i would prefer to stay unpopular , thank you very much ! : wink : glad that asshole coach got fired . an asshole scout leader told a boy to suck it up after he got injured and was crying . my brother once told me to man up when i was feeling vulnerable . i was told ... i was called pussy nerd dork geek so do i . hate is a very kind word though :P i am also a fan of mace fucking windu ! severus snape , batman , rick grimes , carol from twd , michonne from twd are also good examples of anti-heroes . '