' istj that is all . so you'd rather someone that doesn't comfort you , because that somehow makes them more challenging ? hm .. maybe more challenging to be with . pretty sure a significant other is supposed to be ... yep , sounds about right . been there . it was unhealthy . but it took one person to drag me out of that hole and think better of myself , of others , and see the delusions that i was living in and ... well we don't get fawned over , exactly . maybe because we aren't the type to bring that behaviour out of people . if people are into us it's usually extremely subtle or unclear on the outside . so we ... if i know the person well enough , meaning we've hung out at least 7 , perhaps 8 times , and i've adequately social media screened / investigated them to the point of establishing where they are in life , ... also in calgary . we seem to be a true rarity in these parts . how was living in vancouver as an infj ? most of my relatable ( deeper ) , creative longtime friends moved out there and stayed put , so ... school . i mean i'm finishing a second certificate in a field i like but they aren't degrees . but i've always been smart enough to do the latter . i wasn't passionate about what i was studying so i ... it's cause people are a distraction . that's the way fe plays in . in order to climax i think you have to be more or less focusing on your own urges and desires . with someone else i think we're ... cancer . so yes , very much so . growing up had to learn to tame / gain some control of vast amounts of emotion and passion . that which was easily triggered or brought on by external sources ( fe ) . they're alive but they don't know how to live . and they're perfectly fine with that . that's why i can't have a meaningful connection with one . show any emotion and it's like you let a spider ... that's it . sometimes people don't want an answer to their problem or to have it solved . sometimes they just want someone to sit by their side and comfort them . you know , just to give a damn . it's not ... tiger . damn . this is why sensors i think probably have more consistent grades across the board . as a definite intuitive , the subjects i cared about or connected with more would get more of my time and ... attractiveness is subjective . why don't people understand this ? you pass around a magazine with a ' model ' girl on the front to a group of guys and you're more than likely going to get varied ... knowing an intp pretty well , and reading your descriptions i see similarities . perhaps it's also that your reasonings for being infj don't pose very strong or convincing arguments . to know what ... ^ x2 on the dry hands . feel you bro . i despise dry hands . especially after getting dirt on them or handling dusty items , which coats the skin and makes them uncomfortably dry . then i'm instantly ... also 27 and for probably the first time i have someone that actually gives a damn about me , as much as i do them . and not one moment of this do i take for granted . if you're like me , you're a ... haters gonna hate . : cool : i want you to not be afraid to talk to me . i want to not feel like i'm walking on thin ice with each step . like the only things i care about won't just slip away at any moment , like they have so many ... publicly post his insults and make an example of him . that'll teach him to learn pretty quick . people ( particularly guys with pent up frustrations ) become pretty overconfident to saying whatever they ... should i take this personally ? maybe not . but part of me wants to ... if i was a different guy would i get the same treatment ? i dunno . i thought things would unravel as planned . i really did . i ... why . why are good things so evasive . for me in particular . just so down on myself . hard to be confident when everything that means anything is so fleeting . and you're just fighting to feel for even a ... you've got to pull back for a period of time . do something unpredictable / out of the blue and try not being there when she calls on you next time . don't even explain yourself , as it will be more ... if you weren't stuck in this decidedly negative mindset , maybe you would be receptive enough to notice that odd girl that actually wants those qualities . cause they exist . in fact most girls want ... some people are just awful . it was truly difficult to fully comprehend at one point but now it's almost what i expect . how the rose-colored glasses have been torn off .. i was ragdolled emotionally ... yep . let it go . with how finite life is and how fast it goes , it's simply not worth it . it's a black hole that takes your energy but will bring no reward . there's so much that i , like yourself , ... 3 . people will acknowledge me , or make usually short , casual conversation . pleasantries and whatnot . in a work environment i'll be approached for needs or essential questions that i can answer ... and ( almost ) make it all just wash away . make you feel new again , and reconnect with yourself . the side of you that you're proud of . amazing the power one person has to make a difference in our ... find yourself another infj . we come here to be feel understood and be amongst our own type for a reason . we do well together . the couple i have in my life are the most amazing people and the ... an ideal + star with sprinkles of the charmer on top that secretly wishes he was a charismatic . the coquettes are my mortal enemies . based on what i've gained from types i know of in my life .. intp has depth to connect intellectually , but void ( and almost afraid ) of emotion or sentiment .. a little too free flowing for something ... well this is the first ' thought ' post that's gone in this thread and not the venting thread in a long time . i suppose due to an overall shift in tone and outlook . while my life is far from figured ... reading this thread i think i may have been a victim . i still convince myself that there's a good person in her deep down . but she did play ( as in act ) her way into my heart , allowed me to trust ... damn . someone sounds bitter . no offence . somehow i don't think her motivations were what they looked like to you . we don't often do things with the specific goal of making ourselves look better ... infps challenge us infjs at conversational depth and emotional sentiment which makes them seem like one of the ultimate types to have close to us . they can make us feel safe to let the messy fe side ... it may be childish but i don't want to go friday if he's going to be there . i don't need to endure a few hours of you sucking up to him and pretending in order to get his affection . it'll just ... pretty unhappy and uneasy . can't focus on anything right now cause it feels like too much is up in the air . did i say something wrong ? probably not .. but something isn't right . things never seem go ... about 5 or 6 real ones that are current , and not counting good ' old ' friends that are more or less in the past . but only 2 that understand me on an intimate level that i can actually talk to . yeah for sure . and that's why it's been so difficult for me to make strides / progress on things i want to consistently lately . i have to tackle life things in spurts when those occasional peaks in ... thompidoo oh wow yeah . fair enough . i guess i mean if we had more of the jedi sort in power than sith . that was an unfortunate incidence of it , but also illustrates what we're capable of . this inner hypocrisy of holding such different standards for others vs ourselves is something that definitely baffles me . and like the op i can see how wrong it is , but not help but to indulge in ... if i were to put any type into the most powerful positions in the world , it would be our kind . problem is we wouldn't want the power . we'd do so much good with it though . not being egotistical . it's ... god i hope so . i can't bury my emotional baggage so well any more . i think that's why it's so goddamn hard to be accepted as one into a group . individually , people will tell me their issues , and use me for my ears ... having one of those nights where i want to disappear again . bad times never last . it gets better . i'd like to believe that . but it just continues to drag on . i can't remember the last time i ... i hide the fact that i constantly daydream about doing next to nothing in the company of someone special to me . i daydream about spending my time in a very simple reality in bliss , where i'm just ... i don't know if i'm doing this right . i don't know what the ' right ' moves are . i'm just making it up as i go . just trying to be a good person for the few people in my life . clinging on to hands ... if i only knew what to do or say to heal the wounds and have you speak to me . maybe it's just do nothing at all . i don't know what the answer is . one minute i think i'm fine and can just move on ... yes . i can tell when people are upset or have something on their minds . i can tell just by their face and body language or just by what they aren't talking about . or that maybe they've withdrawn ... lol at the moment non existent because i can't bring myself to do meaningless flings and the ones i develop enough of a connection with to want that from i tend to screw things up with before getting ... '