if i do a basic mbti test that web has to offer i almost always get infp which i thought was true for a long time but somehow it didn't quite fit . also 16personalities site has many times made me an ... i am attracted usually to other isfp's and infp's ( i feel so much similarities that i feel comfortable ) . and my boyfriend is isfj and is just perfect for me ! although i feel attracted towards isfp's i ... i was quite shy as a kid but in the company of good friends i was very easygoing . i could play with other children but it was even better if i could play alone in my room and do my own ... hi guys ! i've been trying to get my brother to do cognitive functions test and finally he did it ( he is really reluctant to all this kind of personality tests which i love :D ) . here are the ... cares kurt's ( like kurt cobain :P ) ferry there was interesting chart there on page the red spirit linked . i took one part of it although many could be discussed . i've always felt i'm an ambivert and it seems also with this test it gives me ... great playlist some of the songs i will add to my list . here r couple of suggestions to you : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pgaGCJfCHjU https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nTjc1sPktlY great playlist some of the songs i will add to my list . here r couple of suggestions to you : https://www.youtube.com/wach?v=pgaGCJfCHjU warmth 3 warmth is how nice to people you are reasoning 2.5 reasoning is how good at abstract thinking you are emotional stability 3.2 emotional stability is how in control of your ... i promise to listen it later . i'm really interested and also happy that there is more music threads here ! although there are couple of them already but not this kind playlist thread . i have many ... in my work place most of them are sfj . sometimes i feel i'm a bit different being isfp but luckily there is one esfp also :D we have good working atmosphere because we are all feelers and ... i feel the same ! i've always been good at drawing if i have a model or a photo but creating something out of thin air is hard . altough i feel i have always been master with colors . i might make a ... swans listening to music i love makes me feel beautiful .. combine that with biking around beautiful places and nature or when having quiet morning alone and drinking coffee , reading a book etc .. also ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vRR0Fi94F6s https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Wg1MYjOguI scars really ? :D of course i don't like that .. i'm just trying to understand them why they are doing that . amens just bought thid kind of oversized denim jacket which i've been dreaming of for a long time : love-struck : 676050 my boss , one cousin and ex boyfriend are estp's . they all have great , a bit sarcastic humour but sometimes that humour is ( in my opinion ) a bit mean . they sometimes do so that they notice other ... roots https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z_BpEL1IDr4 paste :D i tried to upload pictures here from my cellphone .. they where sideways :D so no picture then .. yet ! great bossy what is your mbti type ? is it usually isfp :) ? i love sudokus though :D https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TUnWP8t6r8k mouse https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fULXi348-jI at work we have two floors where we work and then down stairs there's our lunch place . sometimes i imagine how fun it would be if there was a spiral shaped slide ( the kind of which you see at ... sanoa ( finnish word ) greens makes fakes hello and welcome to personalitycafe :) i tried once but i didn't have time and i didn't finish it :D i would like to try again though . i heard that it's pretty simple to finish after all . not ... theories : you're worried the other person will want too much of your free time , because you like spending time alone true that's why i look for other introverts you're unsure how you're ... slips it didn't work with smart phone but with laptop it did . and i needed to allow flashplayer . maybe catchy was a wrong word to describe what i meant :D ( english is not my first language ) . many older classical music is complicated to untrained ear and quite long too . maybe more simple was enough ... i like your analysis . i wouldn't have been able to explain it the way you did . 673258  6732 66 673274 i found ( / stole ) this interesting test from cognitive functions forum and it made me wonder what other isfp's got as a result :) ? sensing vs . intuitionsensación vs . intuición | 3d psyche don't know ... scuff actually not sure .. i have really strong fi so it could be that . it's hard to explain and that makes me think it's sign of intuitiveness . what makes you think it's fi ? i'm curious . :)