' i've traveled alone and found it for the most part rather painful , in part because i don't seem to do well socially with the typical young traveler types you bump into in hostels and such ... i'm the ... i sometimes pretend i have telepathic / jedi mind powers ... and i practise sending out magical , therapeutic thoughts or more frequently , mind daggers meant to execute necessary retributive justice ... showers . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dPmBle0Dljw do you continue to see a friend you don't completely trust anymore or do you just politely reject invitations for as long as you can ? goes further than that . you clearly have a type . :) celeb neuroscientist :p . beau lotto ... <3 https://youtu.be/2sDaJxJB0bg awful day ... but unlike the sharp panic i used to feel , it's a dull ache that reminds me of so many days past i'm not sure i know what love is ... but i feel bouts of debilitating compassion a lot . i believe traditional notions of love indirectly presuppose / depend on a high degree of mutualness in ... i suspect surviving experiences you didn't think you would helps . i'm also in my early thirties . you learn about yourself and you steer your little raft a bit better in the open seas , out to which ... tolkien blamed our “ soul mates ” obsession on the romantic chivalric tradition : “ its weakness is , of course , that it began as an artificial courtly game , a way of enjoying love for its own sake . . . ... i'm with you on that . i'm odd myself by local conventions and know i don't care about aberrance if there's good in it . problem is ... sometimes we're dealing with pretty cold calculated hucksters ... sigh . a bit paralysed even though part of me is beyond fear at this point . i'm not sure whether it's normal anymore for people to move to whatsapp from a dating site instead of asking you out ... :d o_not_feed_the_tro : 697346 : crazy : anne elliott maybe ... but i aspire to her inner strength . i know it's there buried under the more obvious disquiet . maybe they've got nice tits or arses or something . supposedly that can work irl ... and the magic carries through somehow here ... :p teehee ! funniest thing i've heard in a while . so nice to use my smile-atron for real this week . https://youtu.be/eo2HnIlgpaQ no doubt . still , if you are stardust , then all that is within ... came from without . : ninja : reference : we are stardust ? literally i do doubt myself even more than i doubt others . it's been a source of confusion and meandering down the wrong paths . however , i've tried several professions now and realise that some of the most ... hmm ... makes it sound like se can upend things or create volatility . surely it can be integrated and so isn't purely fetishized . sorry for the necro , seems timely to revisit considering some of ... it's non-existent . i've never been a going-out-and-sitting-at-the-bar kind of person and i don't really have anyone to go with . my only hanging out friend doesn't drink ... and i think most times , i'd ... another theory : https://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2017/jun/30/are-you-missing-the-third-option-oliver-burkeman not sure about these things generally ... but i happened upon this . could be helpful : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2xKXLPuju8U this on here already ? :P too many pages to check ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=moxOBKMImd4 michael shanks made jackson extra watchable ... and particularly endearing . imo , better than james spader . accidentally got into watching the series because of the last landlady . femur wisdom word flow electricity ( but said like in the video - e-lec - tri - cit-tay :D ) wordsmith apocalypse carl poppa your badass integrity = inspiring . :) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g7iF1pPwq_w https://youtu.be/WJEvjsrfrWo in cases such as this , it's best to stretch your shadow ne ... something like ... tuck the bit at the dotted line into your knickers and then hold the pen between your lips ( or something else , be ... just wish i was a super genius so i could make my money effortlessly and then buy the treatment required so i never want for company again . the dream = not needing a job and not having to work ... only infatuation and me trying to believe i am in love . an essential component for me to be in love is feeling authentic acceptance and appreciation . i've been continually surprised by how without ... i make friends very rarely and can hang out with people without ever feeling they are a friend . as a result , the one or two friends i do have , i do hold onto ... and while i hurt easily from barbs ... ever so slightly hopeless and also ashamed for feeling so because i haven't worked as hard as i should have and also have some things going for me . still it's hard to know what's unrealistic when ... generally , it involves being vulnerable . i've noticed fe dom / aux etc types often seem initially to be able to handle it but eventually , it's too real . :p i've never met anyone except enfps ( usually ... when you're a giving , loyal person , people can sometimes take this for granted . apparently , the large majority confuses inaccessibility with value ... and sometimes , they need to chase and get and ... your bond with akechi is growing deeper ... :P there seems to be a tragic minimum of one of this type of post a day , huh ? now i know for sure i'm not infj . i'm not that irresistible . :D gosh , this is so true , i had to say something . i couldn't put my finger on it before but i realise that while they can seem with the kindly fe to reflect back - dare i say it - more profound takes ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-5jF5jtMM_4 the brainstorming about the theory , not to mention the seriousness with which whimsy is entertained , strikes me as particularly intp . ti + ne . but i'm ... i get that . just agewise , it would be the equivalent of me being with someone my dad's age ... and it would create a recurring visceral sensation in me that could negatively affect intimacy , and ... i wonder if by the same token , we should be comfortably dating much older people ... twenty years apart etc ... the clash of ideas is not weakness . truth reaches its place when tussling with error . - a pretty wise dude that lived in harsher times . it's better to debate a question without settling it than ... really good , perel's advice ( all her stuff ) and i've intuitively always known it but failed to trust enough . every ounce helps : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VLhMOr0AH8I if i ever cave and wake up one morning with a tattoo , i suspect it'll say this . the irony will be punishment on its own . meanwhile , i cannot wait to say this to someone , all straight-faced ... ;D i resisted doing what you suggested till i hit a level of extreme frustration four years ago . it'll probably be a mixed bag as my experiences have been but the good parts will be surprisingly ... very much so for me too ... it makes following a track towards a singular goal particularly challenging . inevitably , i find myself not sure how to proceed and wasting a lot of time trying what i can't ... i didn't very much as a child ... i remember feeling plenty within that i didn't know what to do with but it didn't ever spill out ( literally ) . i distinctly remember a day between 16/17 years of age ... i seem to be doing this more of late , but i've found that there is a high risk of crying at airports while i do . > _ < more occasion to practise not caring about what others think , of course . i agree with owtoo . i was far more awkward in my twenties , when everything seemed to matter . these days i brush off loads , in part because i have to recover quickly to keep going and also because the ... '