' red meat tastes bad . reproduction , medical care , and retirement are not rights . nobody really owns land . we are currently a massively overpopulated species and human population control may ... liam forst necrourgica super omnipotence power ! failing that regeneration . wow actual posts 2w3 just ... how do you people ? social 1 ) generally , i positively associate with the idea of being a part of something larger than myself . though i may find it either overwhelming , because of my astute awareness of what lies ... if women are attracted to you , you get to be an asshole . no it's definitely 4 . those i think depend , likely on instinctual variants and possibly ocean , mbti etc . , a 4w3 could go either way . 7s just aren't that egotistic deep down . outwardly maybe , but that's because they ... isn't that basically just the description of a 4w3 ? right / left brain dominance over a personality has no scientific backing . furthermore neither side is sensing or intuitive , you can point to jungian functions having a specific place in the ... it's sorta like a counter-phobic 6 . 4w5 secretly want the image of not wanting the image . i tend to be withdrawn from the physical world and dwell within my inner world which is pretty much something out of a science fiction movie - characteristic of introverted intuition i try to ... as much as i hate to just say that questions like these are too nebulous because each type is x ( intelligent , loyal , affectionate , charismatic whatever ) in their own special way , i have to here . ... sounded just like infp to me ... what is your myers briggs type ? intj which are the myers briggs types you are most attracted to ? enfp , istp , possibly enfj ( i am simultaneously attracted and repulsed by that type in general ) ... put aside for a moment the second paragraph , that's more of a tangent . focus on the 1st . see signature below ozzy didn't write the lyrics to iron man . and i don't see a large similarity between yoshimi battles pink robots and i just want you . my shot at a counter-example , ozzy seems very exfp to me : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LM33_L2kKnQ from what i've heard introversion and intuitiveness have a strong positive correlation to iq , thinking and perceiving have a very weak correlation . so inxx tend to be the smartest , with intp at a ... i probably would have perceived they were trying to offend me and probably would not care . nations aren't individualistic , just less collectivist , because nations are themselves the collective . if you have a culture of people who want to be different , what would the same be . also , ... that doesn't respond to the logic at all . france is not a 4 because if being a 4 in france were the norm , the norm would be to be abnormal . makes no sense . if everybodies special , no one is . a culture can't be 4 , becuase then being 4 would be conformist . well that's explaining someone else's theory , it's different . still , it probably varies by the individual and i do sorta like to explain others theories ( until i get impatient ) . the ability to create what you want to . power is not real if it requires you to create only things to maintain it . now that's more like it ! that's more like how i interact with everybody always . 7w8 - 9w8 - 2w3 sp / so thing is i may actually like those types , but i'm just extremely far from them . thank you you , it's almost memetic how robotic intj are , when , aside from being more emotional , are doubtlessly the least rational t type ( repressed extraverted perception , intuitive dominant ) . i ... my mind immediately jumps to frank zappa ( istp ) . getting to fall in and out of sleep in a vehicle someone else is driving in the early mourning / night . long baths . nighttime walks in winter . coming inside after above . a little . you have some kinds of strength , though . it's an interesting observation . i think i'd probably be oriented towards monogamy unless the other person wasn't . yes . bonus : uhhh ... i don't think a majority of intj are obsessed by revenge on humanity . we are more prone to it don't get me wrong , but it would be kind of absurd to have that many people ... still , most types haven't been suggested . the only ss that have been suggested are esfj . the only ns that have not been suggested are enfj and enfp . the ns that have been suggested are the ... i have to say this stunned me ( enfp ? ) . i voted entj because he describes himself as a futurist and because the arrogance is so strong , suggests ni , from there i figured he was an extravert . i could ... default settings did also nobody suggested isfj , istj , estj , isfp , istp , estp , esfp enfp , or enfj ... which amounts to a majority of the types . so intj got picked when the majority of types have ... i'm actually going to have to go with esfj . society has plenty of glue . if you truly believe in and respect an all good creator , you should believe in and respect the methods that yield good results in the creation . in this creation , we are rewarded for action . it is ... nope . often judged though , like i'm not meeting their standards , which is a role reversal for me . intj 1.the status-quo 2.being lied to 3.laws 4.being controlled 5.being manipulated through relationships neville longbottom ( harry potter ) . i'm curios about the definition of rights the people who disagree with this are using . the definition of rights i'm familiar with may justify the use of force to protect , and in fact is the only ... enfj 3w2 - 7w8 - 8w9 sx / so 7 wait , weren't you the same guy that said sex in a relationship is a right ? i agree completely . the mistake people make with rights is that they don't realize that rights have a strict definition . they are the things you would have if nobody but you ever existed . by ... '