' my father and i are the only ni doms alive that i know . the only other ni was my pseudograndmother who passed when i was 15 . maybe some of my teachers but no one else . i love it , with my so or with any guy friend of mine . it's my love language ! me : intj mother : isxj father : intj half-sister : esfp ( same father , go figure ! ) cousins on my mother's side : oldest first cousin : entj second first oldest cousin : istp youngest first ... intj 5w6 virgo ( moon , rising , sun , venus , jupiter ) there could be a correlation , but i doubt it . mom : isfj me : intj dad : intj when my parents were divorced , i lived with my mother . she was overproctective of me and limited my choices a lot so i really did not know what i was good at or what ... messy people / places bad manners name calling irresponsibility not being on time not playing by the rules not living up to your roles ( gender , adminstrative etc . ) abuse of children or pets ( or ... a little like what xemptiness said , i never pretend to understand someone completely all at once , unless they've said that i do . i don't read into people so much--rather just understand their motives ... dude , i don't even know where to begin ! my grades from middle school were as and bs until about midway of the year then i speed down the hill to failure to cs and ds and even fs . freshman year was ... i know english but i am really obsessed with french and i wish that french was my first language ; but i also want to learn russian ; i love the writing and it sounds amazing ... mine is sam byrne from gears of war 3 , she's perservering , strong and beautiful , everything that i hope to be when i finish maturing . other than that she likes my other favorite character : damon ... dear only istp i have loved ( so far ) , why did you have to leave ? it's not fair , my ni tries to keep you here and often goes back in the past when i was riding in your customized truck . we worked ... i had this same problem with an istp that i was attracted to . i really liked him a lot but to my isfj friend thought i wasn't expressing it enough or something . the istp didn't have a problem with ... introversion : 95 intuition : 90 thinking : 88 judging : 58 but why is judging so low in the first place ? i am and intj and so is my father , and we dote over first-person shooters ( third-person also ) and fighting games i may have kids , but not for me , for my mom ... she really wants grandchildren so but i'm going for boys . of course i am going to be married and 30 + . failure . you're a dumbass / stupid / idiot . you're dense . only if they are said by a loved one . i'm like so on istps and entjs . what can get me down is failure . i failed physics and i felt dumb as hell . i read all the concepts but the homework i bombed and the tests i freaked out on . i got really deperessed and it was hard to ... i think that you are fine , analyzing people and realizing that they are not suitable to you is an ability not a hang up . rushing into to relationships and opening yourself without feeling comfortable ... i am christian , from one of those one-room-down-south churches baptist i think we are but i am personally non-denominational . my dad's an intj and sometimes i am like him but it's difficult to see right away because i have an istj mom , but it is usually until i get upset--then i become my mother . i being an intj , always have this problem and during this entire summer have been just in my head and daydreaming a lot . i think my se is so bad sometimes that i miss things or i can't really be ... i like to travel i have been to : hawaii , las vegas , florida , virginia beach . but i really would like to go exploring not to artifical parks or places where i am entertained . mom : istj dad : intj yeah , i didn't have much choice . try having a mother who is an isfj and a father who is like you an intj ( this marriage didn't last long ) and then your best friend that you would die for is a what ? isfj and acts like your mom ! i ... i dream in color , which i heard that not may people do ... but anyway if my mind has supressed something or someone it will manifest itself . i feel emotions during the dream and when i recall it . i am ... i am just picking at my pseudo-grandmother . she came around too with the help of my pseudo-grandfather ( isfp ) ! no offense to anybody here ... never say to an infj that you've been raised by that : 1 ) i know what i am doing 2 ) you're too out-of-touch 3 ) people / the world does not act like that and 4 ) family is not important this is an ... this is open to any type , not just intjs . be blunt as possible and share whatever you deem helpful . i have a sister but we do not share the same mother . my father rejects my sister and her ... try not being wrote off as the angry black-chick at work or the stuck-up b * * * . i never really had any female friends and never had any real guy friends ( probably because of my appearance idk ) ... when i feel loved i am comfortable and i can express my most deepest feelings and thoughts . i am physically affectionate with those i am close with . i am like paperplanes 1 said , secure and warm . i go ... hilarious ! i know , it sounds sooo messed up but if i could expand ? in short , we would be doing it together . sorry for the mix-up ! max payne 3 and sims for the iphone . dear world ... i am an intj , deal with it . i am a female ... deal with that . i will not cook or clean for anyone just because . my natrual desire is not to nuture , give love , submit , be passive , ... my ex-boyfriend was an istj and he was quite rigid and a little too serious . i couldn't get real intellectual with him but it didn't bother me . he was a gentleman and all but was a little insecure ... my mom's an isfj and she loves french , she was so happy when she found out that i was taking it in high school and two years later placed 6th in a national contest of french . i think is the sexiest ... my infj great-great aunt noticed it first . she nicked-named me ainie baby which about a century or two ago african-american familes would give to children who seemed wise or intelligent . it meant ... once , i was typed as an entj in high school but i think i was always an intj . emotional intjs ? only because humanity is not operating at maximum capability , which is why you are probably having difficulty in cultivating a relationship that you are describing in the first ... i actually have this same problem ; power to you for actually posting it ! i am not an istp , but i am an intj which is like intimidating for some people . i screen every person i meet , even the ... intjs ! i am an intj and i am too good at lying . i actually don't lie--i just manipulate the truth so to speak . i think about what makes sense and what doesn't . if i need to twist it , then i do; ... just when it comes to religon and relationships . i turn my fi on when i am trying to connect but it can be a literal challenge . i'm not saying that because i am some stuck-up-t--no that's stuff's ... i would love to be cremated then my ashes given to my children and their children and their children . or just toss ' em in the trash . do not put me in a graveyard ! i hate zombies and do not want to be ... you are right i can't predict when i think about the person , matter of fact it's more of a constant , back-of-my-mind thing that when it comes to the point where i am feeling some loss or i am ... story of my love life ... i am dealing with a problem like this . i met this person while i was in a relationship with my ex-bf and he was attractive and his personality was fun-loving unlike my ex ... i wish to understand the relations of benefit and super-ego more . i think my pseudo-grandparents were in a relation of benefit infj / isfp but their relationship was not based on depenancy rather they ... i tested of intj and my parents are intj and istj and i had infj and isfp grandparents . i relate more to the intj description but if i had to be a sensor it would be an istp . some people probably get ... in this life currently ? i am 19 but god only knows how old my soul is . mom : isfj grandmother : esfj aunt : ixfp cousin : isfp cousin : istp cousin : extj uncle : estp father : intj ( divorced ) this is my maternal side with my mother being the oldest sibling and all my first ... a manly , strong , sexy , aggressive , marine / mercenary / mechanic to ride into the sunset with on his motorcycle ... ( i wish this was a wishing-well thread where you could just post it and it willl come ... '