' yes . walking in the city , in the evening , with music , is perfect . esfps drive me nuts . the ones i know are all flaky and airheaded . estjs take the cake for me though . they somehow manage to be arrogant without actually having any experience , and their te is ... one of my best friends is an infp , and i think it's a really rewarding friendship . we became friends through shared interests and circumstances but strangely became really good friends eventually ... can you explain your rationale for those , especially adalind ? i hadn't thought of enfj for her before . i can't really see juliette as an isfj . she doesn't look to me to be a si user , especially not a ... nick : istp . snarky , pragmatic , physical . in the first few episodes he kind of seemed istj to me just cause his original characterization was pretty standard detective , but i think as he evolved more ... i thought of her as intuitive for a long time , but now i do think amy uses a lot of se . she's impulsive and grounded the doctor in a more present way than rory did . she also has big issues with ... eleven : entp . clear ne dominant personality and inferior fe everywhere when he's stressed . i don't see fi or dominant / auxiliary fe in him at all . amy : esxp . leaning toward estp . i think she uses se ... maeby funke from arrested development is an estp . amy pond from doctor who is an estp imo . isobel crawley on downton abbey . i don't watch once upon a time but i think the general consensus is that ... violet crawley : estj . says what she thinks and is very committed to tradition / family . robert crawley : isfj . ditto on clinging to tradition , but he's more driven by his emotional reactions which are ... i don't watch spn nor have i watched the earlier seasons of who . i think eleven is an entp and the same for clara . eleven definitely gets around with a lot of ne and his fe outbursts cement his ... that's what i was referring to . oh - i think it was totally a joke hahaha . benedict's a dork but they were just joking . i don't think michael is a te-user . definitely ixfj . i remember he said recently that he has to think about things before he can actually articulate his thoughts out loud - screams ti to me , in which case he is not a fi user . my close friends : infp , estj , esfj other friends : intj , estj , infj , infj , infj it's strange when i think about it . two of my best friends are extroverts , which is just baffling to me . i don't ... me : istp ( ti se ni fe ) dad : istj ( si te fi ne ) mom : entp ( ne ti fe si ) , though i'm not sure on this anymore - she definitely uses ne but she's begun to really heavily use te over the last few ... me : istp gryffindor others i know : intj gryffindor intj slytherin entp slytherin estj slytherin estj hufflepuff esfj hufflepuff i keep finding these random russian websites that say pine is an estp . i don't see it . esxx i see , but i think he's a dominant / secondary fe user for sure . i can see why people might type him with se ... yeah i remember that quote too , he said that if they were sherlock and watson then martin would be the sherlock cause he's more intuitively brilliant and a quicker thinker or something along those ... i know this show's been over for a couple years now , but i just started watching and of course thinking about everyone's mbti types . i've only seen midway through series 6 so that's as far as my ... i saw this on the isfj thread and want to see how well it applies for istp relationships . do these somewhat describe your relationships with the different types ? what types do you get along with well ... well , it's over as of last night , unfortunately , but i've been wondering about the characters ' mbti types all day . capt . chaplin : entj . the whole show is pretty much built around his te , haha ... i don't think he's isfp at all , no way is te his inferior function . honestly off the bat he strikes me as an intj . i really agree that harvey is an istp , especially after last night's episode . do you know of any good cf tests ? [ / color ] i haven't much gotten into it , haha . i just took the test a while ago but didn't do as much research as i should have . aside from the questionnaires on the last couple pages , i haven't . i see . i'm guessing that , in general , the jungian view is given more import than keirsey ? in that case , i'm less likely to have a sensing function be dominant . so confused about my j / p though , like i said , i test super high on j but don't act super j at all ... ni or fe dominant is off the table for sure haha . just going by letters , no way in hell am i an extrovert either , so istp it is , i suppose ... strange ... thank you for all your help ! hmmm . si / se seems pretty evenly split , but ni sounds more like me than ne . wrt brainstorming , i'm better at forming a conclusion . i need some sort of system or template if i'm going to branch out ... oh it's totally fine , i really appreciate that you're doing this . 1 ) i usually outline the body paragraphs and write those first , then the conclusion , then finally the introduction . 2 ) probably ... oh , i related to it well enough , it was just hard to articulate my answers . both those links resonate with me about an equal amount , the itp one a little more . i definitely related more to the isfj ... the picture didn't show up properly , sorry . it looked like the entrance to some sort of old temple . . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... in times of extreme stress , i . e . life or death , make or break ( don't really want to go into detail here , but it was an incredibly high stress situation ) , i was numb , or at least not recognizing what ... hmm . based on what i've read / seen , i don't think so . the description doesn't sound much like me , and two of my best friends are infjs and we don't see the world the same way at all . i am so not ... isfj - - si , fe , ti , ne . istp - - ti , se , ni , fe . i don't know much about the differences between si / se and ni / ne . i am sure , though , that i extrovert feeling and introvert thinking , and that whatever ... i am so confused . my type is very mercurial . i first took the mbti when i was about 10 and got intj . i took it again about a year ago and specifically tried to get intj again and succeeded ( it's ... isfj . i usually get mistaken for some type of extrovert because i tend to act outgoing around those i don't know well . people i'm close to , however , definitely know i'm an extrovert . others think i'm ... i love infps ! my best friend is one and she's so chill and relaxed and quiet . the flip side is i do know some infps who are relaxed to the point of not caring about anything and expecting the isfj to ... my friend is an intj and we get along nicely . if we're working on something academic / intelligent , we can butt heads if we disagree , and neither of us is ever really willing to back down but it never ... i like intps a lot ; they are so different and interesting . i know one intp who is intimidatingly smart but i really enjoy their insight ... whenever we work together we get a lot done . i love infjs ! ... i just rewatched asip and i think sherlock's got to be an intj . between istp , intp , and intj , intj's the only one with te , and sherlock very clearly says i think better when i talk out loud , which ... funny enough , my mom is entp and she doesn't like it at all . she does like other sci-fi like star trek and such though . she hated bsg because it wasn't sci-fi-y enough for her hahaha , so i don't know ... identity ( isfj ): the only ones i know are so different from me that it's hard for me to be around them that long . they tested really low on j and s , while i was really high , so that might be the ... esfj : she's so sweet and driven . she's like my sister . we didn't really get each other that well at first , but now we're super close . neither of us is the type to open up about our problems to ... i'm an isfj and i like dw . i was okay with the fifth series , really loved the serialization of the sixth , and wasn't a fan of the seventh series ' episodic-ness . the outrageously sci-fi stuff loses me ... people i know who've taken the tests : gryffindor : isfj ( me ) , entj , esfp slytherin : estj , istj , entj ravenclaw : entp , entj hufflepuff : esfj ( could easily be a ravenclaw , though ) , infp , isfj ... i've watched this show from the beginning but have to say this season , it has actually gotten really good ! one of annie's comments in a recent episode about her intuition and emotion being the best ... i think he's too organized to be a p , personally . i think that were he to sit down and take the mbti , he'd probably score pretty high on thinking , but feeling would be higher . that's how it was for ... '