' i read all of the books ... i liked them . it really showed me how sappy i was . as a teen , it gave me a sort of insight into pop culture , dating , love , etc . it was a nice change of pace . the movies ... my father took me into the city ? i'm not quite sure what you mean ... i looked over at the isfp forum and it's much the same . similar types of post , similar responses , heck even some of the thread titles are the same . i'm trying ... omg ... this thread is amazing ! my turn ! http://youtu.be/V6IW3_Nu4Bk http://youtu.be/eREqhFjq-TE http://youtu.be/lKHgsURehU0 http://youtu.be/x1FkuBbwySY this poll really surprises me . i figured infps would be all over pogo . i've been enjoying it ! it's nice to walk around town and see people interested in the same things i am . it's enlightening , like ... how do you all know your blood sugar is low ? are you all diabetics ? if you're talking about hanger ... no i never get hangry . as for blood sugar ... don't know , i don't check it . i avoid it as best i can . if i don't hear it on the radio in the morning , or if someone on youtube doesn't mention it , i don't know . what's the point of knowing ? it doesn't change anything . the news ... i will simple say i never love it nor hate it . i feel like my ears have been violated ... lol who the hell said that ? i love hard and heavy rock / metal . slipknot and system of a down are 2 of my favorites . i'm sure to be crucified for loving slipknot . but whatever . i wish i had more time to ... don't forget about the 6 ' s either . i think i'm a 6 but i don't fully understand enneagram ... anyway , i can be super cuddly too because it's a security thing . if i get too worried or stressed out ... for me it's just a safety thing . i don't want to say the wrong thing and ruin a friendship . i don't want do something wrong at my job because i want to keep it ( i think ) . just growing up my dad ... not to be rude ... but you did go full creeper on her . you never talked to her in person ? that's just weird . you saw her over and over , seeing her , noticing her , looking at her and then you would ... so basically if you replaced joy with fear in inside out and left sadness in there , having it be all the same , that's my life . lol depends . my ex text me just the other day , with the most random thing . it's been 6 years since we've dated . count them 1-2- 3-4- 5-6 . she sent i know this is random , but i just wanted to let you ... my grandmother reminds me every time i see her that i used to say see ya ta-monday , grandma . she baby sat me as a kid and every time my parents would pick me up and we were about to leave i'd say ... i would be lying if i said i didn't have any anger issues . it's something i'm working on personally , and i'm getting better . what happens to me is i have these voices inside my head telling me ... you also forgot pagan . during high school , i experimented with wicca and other pagan religions . i'm in a weird place with religion . i believe most organized religion to be brainwashing . you're ... you can say that again . i'm still trying to move on . i don't even really understand the phrase ! how do you pack up emotions and move on ? do throw them away ? that's awful for both sides , but you ... stop . erasing . posts . you're not dumb for what you said . what you said we can relate to . it's okay . doesn't matter if it's your first post or your last . don't be afraid to speak you mind . i think it's because some isfps are good at sports . the one i knew growing up ( might have been an esfp , he had a facade that no one could get through ) was the most well loved kid in the school . he ... well you have to remember that isfp have se as their copilot vs . ne . that se gives you a way to project onto the world in a much more physical manner . you handle the world a little better because ... well , i feel like i'm on the blue pill right now ... it's not all bad but i definitely feel like i could have much better . so , if i were to wake up and realize this were all a dream , i would take ... i've been noticing a trend in girls that are younger than i am to say my anxiety when it might not be that serious . are you so anxious you can't do anything , or are you just anxious the way ... marizpan 01 easier said than done obviously . i don't know ... it's no secret they don't like me ( at the moment , anyway ) . i don't know what they expect of me either . i don't feel like i've done ... i've asked the few friends i have left and can talk to about this very situation . it really bothers me and i don't feel like i can move forward with my life until i decide what to do with this ... and i realize i responded to a thread that is 5 years old ... cool ! i feel the need to go ham on this one ... i doubt how a person's brain is wired translates directly to fashion . i think you're looking for a trend that doesn't exist . this is stereotypical and ... wth ? is this an infp thing ? i do some times , not always . my armpits just have a tendency to smell great ! ! you'd smell them too if they smelled like daisies ! man , she just wanted you weed ! don't be a booty call , that sucks ... instead keep dating and if she comes back , then she comes back . don't just sit around waiting on 1 person when you could be finding ... let's see ... in 7th grade a friend of mine started saving word documents of pictures they liked in my network drive at school . one of the images was a furry ( a wolf with a sword and armor , a la world ... the only person who's not over it is you , nicole didn't even bring it up . plus , you 2 must peruse the infp forum rather often and it's likely you will post on the same thread ... fairly often . hell , ... if my roommate is home ... then why do i have to worry about the door ? i'd check with my roommate to make sure their shotgun is loaded . a locked door isn't going to stop anything in a high crime ... i've been out of college and working for 2 years , and i look at myself in the mirror and ask myself the same questions . it's like i have no write to complain because i have enough income to live ... woah nellie ! easy ! let me just start of by saying i've been the infp in question before ( though i didn't use anyone's things , unless it was really trivial like using a speaker to play music when ... first , i would be upset you lied to me , typically when you message a friend you don't say hey and i would bet he knows you're lying . second , i don't want to act manly on the outside , society ... you don't have to make unrealistic expectations . you're expected to do whatever the job description outlines , that's it . so if you far exceed those expectations , you won't move the bar up ( unless ... i can't tell if this is a serious post or partially joking . if this is serious ... it's laziness on your part . you can still be honest and answer these questions : interviewer : are you a people ... some redneck jackass thought it would be really funny to push me around as much as he wanted . he just pushed me into walls as i was walking , so i turned told him he better stop or i'd put him on the ... cinnamon . 1 ) because deliciouscinnamon is my favorite group of streamers 2 ) jontron has a green conure named cinnamon that he bought falconers gloves for 3 ) cinnamon is the best spice ... really , just try to include him on everything . if he feels alienated , he's likely to just not bother doing anything for the household . as far as cleaning , just plan it in advance . every couple of ... ^ ^ - - - cute hug-able avatar ( drops mic ) care little about myself but strive for acceptance . or rephrased yearns for other's acceptance , but not my own . i always have an easier time having good conversations with women than i do my male peers . the only time i'm nervous is when i like the girl , otherwise i don't care . could be because i hung around my ... https://youtu.be/pr4ThgkFf5I sounds like you're far too obsessed with what the world wants to take from you that you forget to enjoy life itself . who cares ? i mean , in college a professor told me ... if i could be drunk everyday , do you know how much better my life would be ! oh ! i would get so much done ! i wouldn't worry so much about what people think , i would be more social . everything in ... i can't start jogging like i want to because i can't look the part . do i wear pants ? if i get jogging pants , they won't fit and i'll trip myself . do i wear shorts ? i have hairy legs ... will i look ... i could easily tell you who i think the lesser of two evils is this election . it's pretty easy when you can compare one to hitler . as far as issues , i get tired of people fighting about ... fane it seems like you're the one with needs going unmet . so maybe she should try to ... i dunno ... meet your needs too ? i don't know what that would be , but she needs to help you with this issue ... i agree . i own my introvertedness ! i love that i have a thing a can point to , a wiring of my brain that shows i'm unable to be around a lot of noise and calamity for extended periods . i have a reason ... word up is by cameo lol covers don't count . all those popular songs i like ! but my favorites are : system of a down : ego brain , vicinity of obscenity , needles tool : fourty six & 2 , anenma , the ... '