' , i find your comment sort of condescending . learning to accept the unpleasant of emotions of the human experience i'm well aware of the unpleasant range of emotions of the human ... i'm going through a period of time where that quintessential infj thing is happening to me - - i have the urge to doorslam some people who have hurt me . it's not that this is the first time it's ... hey there , i think that finding a career path is a problem that many infj's encounter . i struggled with it a lot and am still trying to tie up some loose ends on decisions . i'm currently finishing my ... i think marriage can be a beautiful thing . my parents were divorced . i don't ever want to get a divorce . to give yourself to someone wholeheartedly is beautiful in my opinion ... a lifelong partner ... it's funny that i saw this thread immediately when logging in because i am currently upset about a situation involved with an online dating site ( pof ) . i closed my profile today . i got a lot of ... fia , the thing you said about costco so resonates with me ! i'm the exact same way . those huge big box stores sort of freak me out . walmart , costco , it all does that to me . bright fluorescent ... i love experiencing nature also and i feel a deep connectedness to it . i do think it's a spiritual experience . i live close to part of the trail of tears . i always think about the native americans ... aquarian , thank you again . your posts are very helpful . i definitely will not be doing anymore wall-banging . it seems to register with them as an open invitation to come on down to my apartment ... aquarian wow , thank you for your reply ! that was incredibly helpful and validating . to answer your question about getting the attorneys involved , the manager said the next step they would do is ... you said his parents caused him an identity crisis , but that his mother was taking him to a bunch of doctors and that you didn't blame her for doing that . but it seems like she was trying to help him ... i'm sorry you're experiencing so much pain at the moment . i've read your post twice and i sort of feel like you're writing cryptically . are you saying that your husband was very depressed before you ... i think in the context of relationships , love can heal almost anything . however , both people have to really want it for it to work . you have to have all hands on deck . thanks for your response , arieslilith ! i don't think i can talk to them directly even with the manager . actually , the manager never lets them know who is making the noise complaint . it's one of ... um .. 85 % of my exes . lol ! on a serious note ... rude , inconsiderate guys who are so into themselves that they fail to recognize the importance of being a good person or exhibiting warmth and kindness ... right now i'm having an issue with the neighbors who live above me . they are very loud and i've talked to the manager of the property about this a few times . she's talked to them and they have denied ... to be honest , yes i do feel that way sometimes . it's mostly because of my adoptive family . i was more or less a foster child ... one sibling is biological to our parents , the other was like 6 days old ... i can relate to a lot of what you wrote . i had a job like that once and went through a breakup that really affected me for like 2 years afterward . it was awful and sometimes i still randomly feel ... i like yoga and riding a bike , but i don't have a bike anymore . i like cardio and barre workouts , but i get bored so easily with workout dvds that sometimes i need to make up my own routine .. haha . i ... , what an excellent post ! ! so many points hit home with me . a former close friend of mine is enfp . our friendship was just as you described . mind you , she was bipolar ... but even when she ... i want to pick him up and cuddle him . that sweet little baby ! when with animals ! ! i couldn't live in a world without them . have you ever been tested for borderline personality disorder ? this is just a suggestion , i'm not implying that you have it . it's just that borderlines have frequent unstable relationships . if your ... hey there . i sense your pain in your writing . i feel for you ! it's kind of hard to say what you're doing wrong , as really , every relationship is so complex . i think that's something important to ... wow , there is so much artistic talent here . you guys are all amazing . i kind of feel ashamed to post these .. lol . 8549185492 8549385495 i've never heard it phrased quite that way either , but i think she means she picks her own body image apart and self-destructs it ... and yes , i agree . i think many people have difficulty with ... i've had bdd since i was around 13 years old , so i know how emotionally crippling these feelings can be . it's been a real uphill battle for me in my life . i've read some research papers that suggest ... daydreaming serves as my escape from worries / stress of life . it also serves as motivation and fuel to keep going . i feel like i got left behind or like love is something everyone else has but me . it kind of makes me feel like i'm reliving gym class again when it's time to pick teams and i'm one of the last ... bambi makes me sob . dumbo is also very sad . gus from cinderella when he's trapped in the cage and really scared . anything with animals ... like when simba's father dies . they have the saddest eyes too . well , it's good that you have come to your senses and realized that mbti is not supposed to be all-encompassing of anyone's personality and that not everything can be analyzed . but that's no reason ... well , they seemed like nice people in the beginning . i still think they are nice people , but not capable of having healthy relationships . in the first place , many people can seem attractive . it's ... it seems like you're being sarcastic and condescending which is unnecessary . this topic is something that really upsets me . i was never analyzing either one of them . my ex friend told me she ... she's not your girlfriend and you aren't really dating her . you've been on one date so far ? leave it alone for now or you'll come off as jealous and possessive . i have one semester left to finish my liberal arts degree . i sometimes regret choosing this course of study and wish i would have done something else :/ i've had a really difficult past year . most of this is due to unhealthy friendships and relationships . i recently went through a breakup . my ex was mentally ill . he kept saying things like he ... i tried to read most of what you wrote , but it was difficult to follow in certain areas . i think you might be over-thinking things way too much . your professor probably has a lot of students to deal ... this video seems appropriate at this point in the thread . this will really open your eyes to animals ' emotions . that is honestly the most ignorant thing i have read in a long time ... to say there ... people have always commented how soft spoken i am . i find it difficult to talk loud .. it makes me feel as though i have to strain my voice . i know a lady who is a professor of nursing at a small catholic college . she loooves her job . it seems like a great career path . my bachelor's degree is in journalism / foreign language with a minor in business communication . i will graduate in may . i am looking for a position in corporate communications or something similar . i ... i love to draw , sketch , paint , cook , bake .. and i am a licensed hair stylist . i worked in a salon for a few years . i'm considering going back to it . i like the aspect of cutting hair , but the people ... in university i took 4 years of spanish , a year of french and a year of american sign language . i loved learning spanish for the most part , but i have to be honest ... i did not like the social aspect ... i already am ! : laughing : well , i have 2 cats ... so i don't know if that qualifies as crazy yet . and i am rather hermity as it stands . the atmosphere would be relaxing and cozy and completely unpretentious . maybe some soft , twinkling lights for decor underneath the evening sky . cozy sofas that you can sink right into . soft , yet ... i have bad social anxiety , but around other people , i can make it seem as though i'm totally comfortable when inside , i am dying inside and in so much fear of sounding like an idiot . i am acutely ... this reminds me ... i mentioned above that i volunteered with some animal rescues over the years . it still amazes me how some of the people that run animal rescues don't really think very logically or ... dina goldstein's fallen princesses this type of thing really hurts me too . i feel physical pain when i see this type of thing . i am adopted and was taken away from my family as a toddler . even though it may sound weird to some ( i ... ultimately , medication is a very private and personal matter . everyone is responsible for the state of their own health and if they are an adult , they have the choice to take or not take medications ... first , i test infp and infj depending on the day . i hate flashy clothing with rhinestones on it or loud patterns / colors . i like to dress feminine , classy . i also feel that it's ridiculous to pay ... '