any s type . so emotional . esfj yes , as what the others said , they r so emotional , controlling , make the thing worst and always think they r right.never rmb what they have done on others , or never rmb ... totally agree , esfp is definitely like that . i'm like never walk away in the middle of any conversation , but she is the one make me feel so . however , i think most of the s makes me feel so . totally agree , recently who i met is esfp , it was really sucks . thanks for the reply guys , i have found my mbti , it's intj . very surprise . n it's type 5w6 . lots of intj said that when want to accomplish sth or get things done , they become entj . same here ... being forced to work and suffering under a bad system and people . and have to force ourselves to see how the mistake develop until worst situation occur . estj wants people to 1.conceal the problem because they expect 0 mistake . if not you are being seen as useless . 2.support his ego but telling him , how others admire him.what they have done those ... i've found that estj have a tendency to want perfect in everything in others and have absolute respect demand for their ego no matter what they do . they never want to listen what is the problem and ... well , just simply want to know how to enable us to maintain the energy of looking forward in the life and maintain the good deed in ourselves and others . eg : no matter what happened we are still ... antiant : y not ? means that you r so content in your current situation or your intj is mostly 50/50 percent ? where r u staying by the way ? hoom : you mean that the company culture was form because of the external reason ? like , they were n , t , j due to the market need ? i think yes n no , because the in yourself u need to be somewhat a bit of ... or maybe can we say that in what area or trend that show the ntj ness ? let me start first . ( the following cases are just my assumption , no offense ) i would say apple somehow did that . they created ... trying to imagine n analyze which country appreciate n , t , j . i think us is n , t , j country , as ppl are allowed to daydream n lots of freedom , as long as they produce result . t is because they emphasize ... since young . want fairness all the time . it comes naturally . yes , extremely bored sometimes , i think i'm entj n entp . sometimes feel want ppl love like making ppl happy , tell jokes , start lots of thing but didn't really finish it , sometime really crazy . ... y all of the esfp that i know non stop lying ? want to show off all the time ? always take advantage unlimited on others ? likes dramas all the time ? create chaos all the time ? y they felt insecure ... particularly bad break-up i had involved betrayal of trust ; i ( entjs , from what i can tell ) don't give trust easily , and when it's broken , i usually lose respect for / capacity to ' play nice ' with the ... these few days busy w an event , work more than 15 hours everyday , sometime can't even sleep , non stop think about something ( perhaps ) . er ... it's like unable to relax . er .. ya , here is not hug ... u can even think in this way , u can plan something different from the current service and make it happen . eg , got lots of ppl start business like huge zoo or sales the animal in a creative way ... i agree w wiarumas , patient is something difficult for us . wanting to get on and easily feel bored is an important topic for us , but luckily we will gain a new perspective from there . there is one ... people likes my solution n tell me that i'm the only one who can provide the solution so easily after so many years . i always talk a lot n feel bored when i stop talking n want to find new activities it's like more than 20posts r about hug , n it's not about big deal mayb u r not entj , that's y u have no feeling when see so many unconstructive post still don't feel impatient ( entj will feel ... hey guys , i just can't understand why the topic is surrounding the hug ? anything constructive ? instead of hug i think understanding and try to solve the issue is better for entj . just stop ... feeling side is an important issue . but ive found lots of ppl doing things without logic i can't understand the dramas . though i tried hard to understand it . but i still can't understand y ppl ... totally agree with you , i also find that i will eventually explode if i don't do anything on that . i really need to take care of my need . i will spend more time in anticipating lots of situation , ... oh my , what a hot party i found that i have emotional needs as well . i'll do as below . 1 . when feel that don't have anymore strength to face crap ( eg , problematic person ) i will talk or explode the emotion w someone that ... yes . i second topgun 31 we need loyalty , trust , honesty , straight forward . talking about emotional needs ... emm ... perhaps emotional support like caring sometimes . yes , talk about anything ... feel stressful when speak w my entj boss . ( i think he is entj ) his instruction is not clear don't know how to direct me ( or refer me what to do clearly ) i felt so stressful . i can understand his ... i've found that entj are lesser than other type in personality cafe . y ? what makes you stick here ? 1 . give me result and respect me . 2.defense yourself for injustice . ( no surrender to injustice ) 3.can ' t handle any injustice especially when young . 4.tend to shut down / be alone when facing problem ... i also went crazy when spend time analyzing n found out the person that i trust ( normally i trust ppl first ) is a big damn liar ! ! ! i don't know why i think that i'm able to get the answer at the ... i think i like entj , if u r an entj male or u have experience with any entj , what kind of signal that he really likes u n want u to b his mate ? n how does he want us to response ? any ideas ? ... i don't know whether i can meet another person that can give me d same feeling or not . the day that i left is the day tat he chose to leave d country after he knew i'm leaving . i don't know y he ... 19 year age gap . 100 % sure . i saw his passport . i think i will meet another entj ... because now my current boss is also an entj ( 33age gap ) but i have no feeling for him , because he is stupid ... i'm not too sure whether he likes me or not . but i do think of him often . wanted to call him to confirm but don't want to sound stupid . here is the case . he is my ex boss , i was attracted ... i think when it comes to my profession n i was being ignored , it will cause me crazy . i think simply because i can't stand ppl don't respect me . n at that point i will do anything to make sure i'm ... i feel bored all the time ... any ideas ? i fill up all my free time working most of the ppl buy my product after i persuade them when they said i am explaining really good . able to make strangers smile . able to win them most of the ... when i was with entj , i became entj when i work in sales line , i'm entp or enneagram 3 when i'm with my esfj mum , i become entp or intp / enneagram 3 especially . always do whatever she said . when ... when i can't feel anything , i talked and discover my feeling . it's not easy to understand my feeling sometimes but when it does i cried and found myself . those feeling which being hurt especially ... i second that . at first u will feel lonely , but then u will find somebody approach u n u will find someone who will back u up . i'm so bored now ... why entj feel bored easily ? how to overcome this ? how do u guys overcome this ? does anyone know ni-fe loop ? why it sounds like u don't like women ... i thought u r one of them . ps . i also have difficulty liking most of the women , i think they r scary sometime ... lie , lie , lie and i don really know what ... yes , that's y i hate so much when ppl lies ! waste my time doing wrong analyzing ! although eventually ill get it . but really fxxking wasting my time nope . any really great links that can describe the ni-fi loop ? i find that it's hard for me to find someone , maybe i'm hard to be approached ( sometimes i sense that they rare interested in me but i don't , and i did not give them chances . ) so far only entj and ... i know what you mean , you care so much worrying but unable to do anything ( or solve the problem . ) felt so frustrated . i know what you mean ... and i also think so ... but what if that person was ... when i think back , sometimes i really hate to be ignored and being excluded . i really hate that . any ideas ?