' i don't drive . never bothered to get my license , and still can't be bothered to do it . i can get around in the city faster on the train than i could in a car , and more predictably ( no worries ... [ duplicate post ] not sure if i agree . i'd be * incredibly * frustrated if someone moved stuff around my desk , friend or otherwise . my work space is sacred . mess up your own space . :P i don't see how this information will show anything of the sort , without a baseline for everyone on the forum . i think this actually gets to the heart of the original question . and while my opinion likely differs from yours , it seems to be based on the same assumptions . op and most men in this thread do ... meh . istjs get that designation , sorry . istps might have plenty of common sense but it's not your defining quality like it is for istjs . they're more decisive , which makes common sense an actual ... i think this is an interesting point , because along with saying women aren't necessarily effective at their work ( which makes me think of jobs like firefighting , and other positions with physical ... because your parents weren't like the most parents i mentioned , i guess . i'd say the same is true for me . i grew up climbing trees and wearing pants . mind you , i didn't get everything i wanted ... children aren't any indication of ( lack of ) social construct , because they are subject to it as well . most parents implement / adhere to gender stereotypes from the moment their kid is born , so ... eh , that doesn't bother me . actually , i think it's admirable when people are realistic about their abilities , and set a goal that's suitable for them . whoa ! hold up . per the quoted text , i was referring to you taking the earlier comment to heart , about being offensive for saying we felt sorry for those that miss out on the rich detail that we ... wow , you really took that to heart eh ? this doesn't apply to me . i build a new structure for just about everything i do . mind you , you're right in that the actual planning and prep is primary . the structure i build is formed around ... as a female intj , i don't think i differ much at all from a male intj . there are different social expectations placed on me which i learn and generally go along with , but as a type in general i think ... do you spend every minute of your day enjoying everything around you ? while some people certainly don't stop to smell the flowers , many of us dox 97even us intuitives . yes , if i'm going somewhere i ... your intentions seem to be in the clear , so i'm unbothered . i don't think you're trying to be offensive . that said , i'll examine a few of your comments here individually : yes , pity was a ... i gave the example about violets because i thought it would be useful to show how i think , and i thought it would be a simple enough example that most people could identify with it , and see how they ... i'm an intj ( ni te fi se ) , and unlike my istj husband , i don't notice things around me at all . he will pick out the slightest change in his environment , and it definitely comes across as a superpower ... i missed this nuance the first time i read this . i do think an incorrect ni interpretation can exist . absolutely ni can lead us astray . however , i don't think this means ni is flawed . ni does ... you're misinterpreting my example , which may be my fault . i'm saying , to the person who has only seen violets under uv light , the violets look like other flowers which they know to be red ( not the ... i do second-guess myself , but i suspect i don't as much as most other people do . the reason i say this is that i have a tendency to throw out irrelevant information ( both positive and negative ) ... no . the twelve year old would be led to exactly the right place given the information at hand . the information might not be at hand because of lack of experience or context , but that doesn't make ... what an odd thing to say ... that intjs need to be happier . i don't know whether it's because i'm an intj or because i'm optimistic or have a generally cheerful outlook , but i'm a very happy person , ... have you seen https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-QLcTizAVa8 ? i don't think it's necessary to change your love language or to find someone using the language you are asking for , because wanting to make someone happy means wanting to do the things that work ... no , no no , no . no . ti and ne and te and ni are just preferences for how to address thingsx 97not something that can be flawed in and of themselves . yes , a person can lack experience and as a ... you do so many things to make people happy . you genuinely care . :) hmm ... i have a question for my fellow intjs : how do you guys feel about having your photo taken ? because i hate it , and i can't entirely figure out why . i know it has nothing to do with the ... ignas 39 thank you for that . i actually really needed that boost this afternoon . :) this a thousand times . i do structural design , but i would never call myself an engineer . i am fully aware of the amount of extra school and other requirements the designation of engineer ... i think i see where was coming from , if i'm interpreting correctly : he wanted to force an example of failed intuition , which is something often evident in intjs when dealing with a large ... amoon at least he's an equal-opportunity goader . the f in nf stands for fun i'm guessing ? * grumbles * are you goading me ? :P or do you mean that ? if you mean that , it sounds like something i should put some thought into . what side of myself would i be repressing ? perhaps it's something i ... this sounds like a problem with impatience . why not wait until the thought is fully formed ? it appears you want to get the context from us ; i hope you can see that this is inherently unfair .   ... i don't know how i would go about guessing or figuring out my sister's type , but she's convinced she's an infj , has confirmed only using online tests , and identifies with the associated type ... bleh , i really don't understand all that you must forgive everybody stuff ... i don't tend to forgive , but i can decide to be okay with things , which may be similar . for instance , my dad's a ... same here . i've done some things that have really bothered me and while it's usually been a case of being too shy to say what i meant ( back when i was more shy ) , or something similar , then end ... superstars and cannonballs running through your head television freak show cops and robbers everywhere animals and children tell the truth , they never lie which one is more human there's a ... this is an interesting comment ... my sister is an infj , and i know her well and she's actually a lot more private than i am . she has issues with public displays of affection , she doesn't share much ... i'm not sure about this . i don't usually have a full schedule , but i do overcommit myself sometimes and i've been in a similar situation to the one described ( although admittedly i ... the question is still too open-ended . but i'll give you my opinion on something related , since there's an issue in that general subject area which i have strong opinions about : today's ... aw , you got all serious with me . you're fine . :) i'm just feeling frisky this afternoon . i need to know why you hold this opinion . please explain . :p edit for clarity : why are you of the opinion that these people are worth your frustration ? except there's really no need to answer ... but that's a developed skill , which not everyone has . i certainly didn't have that skill for a long time . the only reason i didn't get into major trouble with being aggressively blunt is because i ... the tired of myself thing happens to me a lot . although , more often than not it's in situations where i'm arguing and it's not really a good discussion . i think why did i bother followed by ... i'm calling bs on this one . you know exactly what he meant . :p i think that if an intj and intp were given an infinite amount of time and resources to solve a given problem , the intp would probably come up with a more polished , perfected solution by the end of ... i think intps in general don't have a hidden agenda because they don't tend to have an agenda at all ( which is annoying in itself ) . thing is , us intjs typically do have an agenda ( at least , i ... ne ti would be more relevant in bigapplepi ' s case . which i think is an important distinction because while we intjs are saying what is it you're looking for ? what kind of conclusion are you trying ... '