' journalist with a master's in mass comm . the ma is overkill but i wanted to get it out of the way so i have the option of teaching college classes later . it's an incredible job but also ... yes . yes it is . and the polar bear in space . i grew up with tng and voyager . i liked them both quite a bit , and i've seen all the movies . it's good scifi . i really like abrams ' take on it too , though i wish they hadn't whitewashed the villain ... no . i hate being mean or even blunt and when i feel i have said something mean , i feel terrible and am quick to apologize . i can't get away with being mean , my conscience kicks my butt about it . i live in a perpetual state of seeking the next experience , the next way to make a difference , the next thing i will love or enjoy . i have left a swath of interests , pastimes , causes and hobbies ... there's a spider in a web around it and you are deathly afraid of spiders . every time you try to get the spider , it runs into a tiny crack in the ceiling and you have to put your hand close to the ... keyoke in any event i plan to adopt ( * cough * steal * cough * ) the phrase when describing myself because it is quite accurate in my case , fwiw . :) also i edited my post after your quote in case ... okay , i will retract the unintended implication that * all * infjs are precisely described by that . i really wasn't trying to speak for all people of this type , and i am sincerely sorry if i offended ... keyoke that's one of the best things i have heard in describing infjs , ever . i love it , bravo . it involved what amounted to a fake suicide note written for the purpose of manipulating me and that's all i am comfortable saying . no , they are not allowed back in my life . try reading about the cognitive functions . :) that should clear it up . functionally the two are very different , even though in outward expression they might seem similar . infp is fi , ne , si , te ... as an infj i am afraid i am already friends with ista because i like you , ista , and people i like are my friends . it's okay , you don't have to be my friend back . in this thread you are clever and ... the old bulb broke off in the socket and you have no idea how to get it out without electrocuting yourself . yes . yes we are , and the e1s are going to win . with our trebuchet . :D why thank you for the kind reception ! my sincerest regards to our compatriots , the e6s . but seriously . to be honest ... let's build a trebuchet and invade something ! no but really . we're almost certainly outnumbered by the other e-types ... but if the world is against an infj type 1 , it's only fair odds . ;) ... i can't be around my mother for five minutes without wanting to punch something , apparently . but it's so interesting in here . :( i do feel shame ... it's a shame i'm so awesome . i do , and deeply , and i would love to talk about it , but i can't find the right words right now . i will ponder this and come back to it . i put 4s because i am generally quite happy , but if i rate it 5 i don't leave room for improvement and there's always room for improvement . :) yes , yes we are always right . i'm so glad others are starting to recognize this , it will make life so much easier . * polishes halo * call your mom , she worries . had an infp friend , she was an incredible writer with a fantastic sense of style . she was incredibly talented with words , and she was also very intelligent . creativity is the infp birthright . i think ... i honestly would try not to take it too seriously , though i know that's really hard when it feels like someone is insulting not only you but others you associate with . i feel really badly for the ... love the analysis ! i squeaked by stats but i think i get the gist of what this means . not stupid , just a hazard of stereotypes , unfortunately . best of wishes to you in your new endeavors ! i could not live without books . i would literally lay down and die . or at least lay down and roll around sobbing and exclaiming loudly that i was . i am not picky about the format , if i can get a ... i have the pleasure of having spoken with an adult , mature , male infj with enneagram 5w4 . he gives proof to the theory that well-developed infjs can hold their own when they hang out in the science ... i know what you mean , and i don't think it's so much an issue with self-righteousness as it is with self-confidence . seriously , i think a large majority of people express themselves and their ... i have a very long fuse but being a 1 , i also have some issues with anger . i am the calmest person you're likely to meet , but i do have a bad tendency to bottle up what i'm feeling x96 sometimes i have ... this is very much me . it takes a bolt out of the blue to get me to properly understand what i'm feeling . this was actually interesting . thanks ! i do read people , yes . i don't consider it an unusual thing or related to any kind of psychic woo-woo , as i saw someone on here say . it's more like empathy on overdrive in my view . the closest i have been to being depressed was after a category 5 hurricane destroyed the city where i was living . i basically sat on my mother's couch for five months and played video games ... doc , you shouldn't be trying to diagnose anybody with anything over a message board . i'm not sure you're actually a doctor at all . and if you are , what you're doing here is taking advantage of ... i think it's a theory with positive applications possible for anyone who seeks them . i don't consider it an issue of truth or untruth . if it helps you grow , it's worthwhile . some people just ... kind , funny , likes books and animals and is always curious . that ’ s my type . :) i'm secretly another type just invading the infjs to learn their ways . in fact i am not actually human . i am an alien . now if you will please look at this bright light for one second ? * flash * ... kotor 5ever . engage the se . engaaage the seee . canoeing . hiking . horseback riding . i don't care , whatever they will try . that goes for all infjs . feeling down , engage your se ( in a healthy way ) . that makes a lot of sense to me . imperfection is beautiful . once you learn to forgive yourself , it becomes easier to forgive others too . it helps you be happier and less stressed . it's a huge ... windu was intj ! jedi can be all types and so can sith . i had an infp friend in school and she was great , imaginative and creative , always interesting and very clever . unfortunately she also got down really easily and often seemed to be pessimistic and ... well then just consider my post a right back at you . ;) darling , you are too wonderful as you are to waste time being something you're not . infps are the gentle and lyrical ones of the nf family . you're the seafoam heart to the enfp's red-blooded abandon , ... i'm dull as dishwater , i have certainly never done anything like break into a cemetery at 3 a . m . , leave pinwheels in people's mailboxes , or yarn bombed a city landmark . nope . so let's skip everything where you talk about me / my type / etc . ' cause it's not really relevant . :) this is your thread and it exists , therefore you are responsible for it and any ... when i'm alone and i burp , i rate my burps on a scale of 1-10 . i haven't gotten above an 8 yet . i am most definitely complimenting you , especially now that i know you have seen mean girls . allow me to make us a cake made of rainbows so we can all eat it and be happy . so it's true , i am ... i don't know what made me more amused , your avatar ( all i can think is for the horde ! ) or your sig line about serving man . four for you glen coco , you go , glen coco . i am starting to think entps ... i love being around people , especially when they ’ re my minions in an evil plot to overthrow the government and seize power . those guys are the best . otherwise i enjoy small groups or one on one ... '