' lately i have a love / hate relationship with creative writing . one moment i love it with a burning passion , the next moment i feel like i'm just wasting my time but i do it anyway because i feel the ... i frequently jump from one obsession to another . the times when i wasn't obsessed over something were the saddest , and the emptiest . oh , they weren't many of them . it's a bit like an instinct : like i ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Us4zreX_O8k i don't think it's strange to keep it to yourself , though personally i'm pretty open about it . if there's someone i find attractive , my closest friends will know . i love bob dylan . most of his songs that i've heard so far ( i'm not finished exploring his work ) aren't exactly talking about the brighest sides of life , though he did write about happier topics . my ... my first language is french . i obviously know english too . i write it way better than i speak it though , living in quebec where you get dirty looks if you're caught speaking english . at least that's ... longview - green day i spend way too much time trying to imagine what it feels like to be a cat , and what they're thinking . my friends wanted me to choose a fun activity to do on my last birthday , so i dragged them to the theater where we saw a movie about the world war ii , telling the story from the victims ' point of ... latin might be dead on its own , but it's alive in some languages spoken today . when i started learning it by myself at 12 , it was so i could expand my vocabulary in french without memorizing boring ... i've told most of my friends about the mbti test . none of them thought i was weird for being interested in it . it hasn't restricted me . on the contrary , it had given me the strenght to escape the box others want to put me in . i grew up being told i was abnormal and i should change everything about me if i ... i won't wish happy father's day to my step-father this year . sure , he raised me . sure , it's his money that paid for everything as i grew up . i'm grateful for that . but in the past year he's acted ... infp , and i can't choose just one : snape , luna , or the weasley twins . wings of a butterfly - him . that's one of the few bands i only listen to because they remember me of someone i love . it's a little bit like this friend was with me , although she's thousands of miles ... once i hear someone fight with someone else , i avoid them for days even if their fight had nothing to do with me until their sight doesn't remind me of the conflict . in other words , i've been ... buffy the vampire slayer , definitely . i don't watch tv often and most tv shows i watch , i don't feel they necessarily are favorable for infps . willow rosenberg could be typed as such too ( i've ... i've posted here back in 2009 , when i first found out about mbti . my post count : i was always unsure if i should share my ideas because let's be honest , what do i know besides my own type ? i missed ... i love les cowboys fringants , coeur de pirate , loco locass and la patère rose . also , mes aïeux ( modern traditional music ) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q8U-XQYJwDY les vulgaires ... i watched the movie i'm not there last weekend and i googled some of my favourite quotes to see if they were actually words bob dylan said in interviews . i found that : ... same for me , minus the challenging teachers and the inclination for music . i was homeschooled from 8 to 14 and insisted on learning by my own and choosing the topics i would study . i found ways to ... the movie c'est pas moi , je le jure ( in english : it's not me , i swear ) is a must see . bruno hébert's sister wrote a book about the same childhood experience and a movie has been made out of it ... i did too . i was so obsessed with her ... i also wanted to work in a day care center . from 2yo to 14 or 15 , it was almost the only possible future i saw for me . i wanted to be a writer at some ... i was bullied at 6 , 7 and 8 , then again at 15 and 16 , which is ironic because one of my teachers constantly talked about a research that found out there's practically no bullying before 9 and after ... i'm a big fan of eric-emmanuel schmitt's work . he writes in french , but i just found out some of his books have been translated in english , including my favourite one , oscar and the lady in pink ... i love book stores so much the people working there are probably wondering if i have a life outside their store . i'd say pick french , but i'm biased since it's my native language . maybe go with the language that is spoken in the countries you'd like to visit someday ? ( spain + south american countries for ... i've always been a closet fan of britney spears and i really love her latest stuff . lately i've been listening non-stop to the song for your entertainment by adam lambert . this is actually the first ... i had my first boyfriend at 2yo , haha it lasted two years , then he broke up with me because he had a crush on my best friend ( i know it although he never told me ) . aaaah , day care center drama (: honestly , that made me cry . edit : i had a happy childhood , but it could've been better if adults didn't want to change me all the time ( and they succeeded in a way , sadly ) . when i was 2 or 3 ... it's not related to the topic of this thread , but thanks for posting the link . i've apparently experienced spiritual things as a child , but i can't remember and i don't really believe it neither ... i do the same thing . if the writer's block still there when i go back to writing , then i take a nap ... or just give up . unfortunately , i do the latter way too often . i only knew blowin ' in the wind , times they are a-changin ' , knocking on heaven's door and dignity before . and i didn't even know they were from bob dylan ¬ _ ¬ thank you for posting that ! with 50 million dollars ? i would make sure at least one dream of each person in my close family becomes true . then i would give a lot of money to soup kitchens and shelters for homeless . i'd keep ... i'm single , neither lonely nor happy with it . while i'd like to be in a relationship sometimes , i enjoy being able to do whatever i want , like not talking to anyone for a whole weekend without anyone ... when i write , i make less grammar mistakes than a lot of english-speaking people , and it's not my native language . while correcting my last french literature exam last semester , one of my teachers ... songs.mr brightside - the killers . fluorescent adolescent - arctic monkeys . coma white - marilyn manson . shut me up - mindless self indulgence ( so un-infp-ish ) there are no fifth . or more ... it annoys me when people don't believe i can get angry . it seems like they can't conceive i have a large variety of emotions ... just because i look peaceful and laid-back , i must act like that ... i haven't expressed anger in the last two years . living away from people who get on my nerve easily is helping . however , my current housemate is beyond annoying . i should explode pretty soon ... some cats are affectionate , but i doubt it gets to the point they'll follow you around the house and force you to pet them . that's what my parents ' dog does . whenever i'm visiting them , the dog won't ... i'm not saying that enfj can't be dictators , but hitler was infj . there has been a thread about it a while ago : ... it is for me . i wish it wasn't , as it always gets me hurt , but it seems like i can't help it . i have to confess my feelings early , or i just don't feel right . oh wow , you sounds so much like me at the same age . ... and i really just talked like an old person . welcome :] that's exactly what i thought as well . i like such conversations , but i'm selective of the subject i will discuss . i won't talk about something deep just for the sake of it : if it has no meaning for me , i'm not going to waste my time ... it's okay . it's pretty awesome that the first thing you saw here was this positive thread . when i came here for the first time , it was very negative and i thought nooo , f * * * my personality type . i think there's already too many threads about that , to be honest . i loved french , except on my two first college semesters , because it just didn't click with the teachers ( the first one hated us openly , what an awesome way to make us love classic literature ... ) . i ... most of my clothes are simple and black , because i've tried for the longest time to make people forget i existed . but the clothes i bought last year ( and , you know , most of my money went there in ... i'm self-absorbed at times and i admit it . i think it's not necessarily bad , as long as it doesn't become the biggest part of your personality . we may be extremely caring and loving , but we also need ... '