' here are my likes and dislikes . i'm 19 . from 15 , i've been in mbti . the situation is that i can easily guess someone else's type , but not mine . types i doubt myself to be is intj , entj , enfp , ... thnakyou people for your generous advice . i will do what is best for both of us . thanks allot for your concern . hello enfps . i really want some good friends . i have realized over time that it is your type which actually can talk to me without any awkward silences . if you are really intellectual and funny ... hello infjs i am an 18 year old intj female . an infj guy is in deep darn love with me and i need some advice . please i request you to give some genuine advice because ... well .. it is about him ... tell them this - * i don't care about looks . they are just 10 % important . what makes a person is what they are inside . * in theory , i have read that intj and estp are no good match . but , in reality i have observed that i go better with fellow estps and istps , then intuitive feelers ( enfp and enfj ) . my best friend is an ... i am so motivated by reading post as yours . people like you set real life examples for things which might seem small ... but mean allot ! my parents , friends , family scare me telling .. oh , you'll ... thankyou all for these . when you're so different from most people , it feels lonely and then thereis no one to guide you . but in here , i have people to relate and to feel normal . p . s - intjs ... i was about to write ... send her a screenshot of this post haha . intjs dont fear anything per se . but they do detest people who try to prove their superiority ... and i don't speak for men , but i do speak on intj females behalf ... women are nothing to be achieved in ... entp haha . everybody thank her , she needs to be accepted ! you're goooddd with driving and you just know ... just know the ways ... i'm sorry . - _ - wrong call . haha . lol no . enfps taking things personally since forever . i said ' an enfp ' implying ... anything general .. and ... i didn't know this was a discussed topic in this thread ... i didn't bother reading ... i want to do it alone . the poll just shows how unhappy mankind has become lol lol ! haha it is very easy . i'll give you examples - 1 . esfps - good at physical care whereas enfps are better with maintaining your emotioanl health . 2 . esfps are more practical than rational , it is ... how to court an enfp guy ... ? - intj girl :p lol . i'm 18 , and i live my parents . i plan to move out asap . not that i have a prob living with ' em . i just find living with family a lil ' restrictive , in my venture to discover myself . not that i'm gonna ... as an enfp yourself , what are the negatives , you observe in enfp-intj relationship ? i know , duality is not mbti concept . but i do not know a better word to express . this post is regarding my experience with my dual-enfp . this is the first time in my entire life that i have come ... rejection and failure . oh no ... not at all . no one has the right to be tired of anyone ... people just assume that . there has to be a reason . see , we cant really change anyone . and over time differences grow in the way we ... freedom . yeah . i did it . i remember breaking up with my boyfriend and friends also , without explaining it properly . the most i can do is give a false reason that doesn't evoke much questions in the other ... contary to common notion , i , an intj , just love estps . my best friend is estp , and we get along very well . i can totally understand , and appreciate the way you guys do things . the thing which ... sent from my rm - 941_im_india_204 using tapatalk what is it that attracts you ( as in romantic interest ) ? do you like to chase ? what kind of girls do you like ? sent from my rm - 941_im_india_204 using tapatalk how did you came to that conclusion ? have you never been in any relationship , and came to that conclusion ? or , you learned that over time by experiencing a few relationships ? because i read every where that most of the intjs , have a hard time in being in relationships ... so , i wanted to know if it was so . what's the difference ? poll . i do procrastinate , when i don't feel like doing something . - i guess , lets just keep this domain out of mbti . this is a thing every person on earth would do . we're humans cause . no one till now voted for sincerity lol ! hahahahhahahah ... i'm 17 . i don't like any form of physical exercise . my doctor recommended it , as i suffer from pcos . if i don't attend yoga for one month , my chances of getting period reduces to 10 % . so , you ... intj keep to themselves . they sometimes do not share their opinions and plans . i can understand that . but , this is what pisses me off , when my fellow friend refused to tell me her plan for something ... ni - knowing intuitively about things from inside . it is subjective function . that says , i am not good at remembering info . to which i can not relate to . i just don't understand this function , i ... my life is my lover and i reach for starts . i read this somewhere on perc ... i dnt remmember sent from my rm - 941_im_india_204 using tapatalk 1.they create a mess everywhere they go ... 2.they are very naive . most of the times people manipulate them , and they have no hint of it . 3 . it's hard to work with them ... they get so off-topic . ... what is the need to wear an awkward thing , everytime ? enfp ! you clearly mentioned js are insecure , with an underline . this by no means indicate that you were referring to all . well , anyone can be insecure . talking strictly about typologies . infps and esfjs typically , are very insecure . you can not simply claim to be open-ended , and yet type js as insecure . though , you ... isfp well , what kind of aura they carry . if they carry that i'm-so-stupid . - i-make-everyone-laugh ( at me ) . that stereotypical esfp aura . i just avoid them . if they have that estp - imma-so-cool-dawg . i ... intj are not robots . of all the intjs i know , i've not seen this robotic thing . they are just normal like everyone else is . they just work up to priorities ... when required . we also have fun in ... even i'm 4w3 . expected . :/ lol . this thread has gone off-topic . actually yes . i tried to think about it , but then i couldn't find a legitimate reason for why someone would be strong about their opinion , and not listen to others ... '