' i have a love-hate relationship when it comes to taking breaks . i enjoy the time alone i have to regain myself but at these times i laze around and do nothing , i feel so guilty for being so ... so this isfp guy asked me out once and i agreed to it . after that one encounter we had , he still tries to keep in touch with me . since we don't get to meet that much in real life , he would always be ... not sure if this is considered a relationship question , but i would just like to know what's going on in this infp friend's mind since she didn't bother to tell me any explanation when she cut me ... i know this question may come off as stupid as we all know that all we really have is ourselves . someone once told me that if you don't love yourself , what you truly yearn for will not come to you ... i have to admit that i agree with you at some extent here . as a feeler myself , i project myself to be friendly and amiable on the surface , but when it comes to more serious situations , there are ... in my worlds scattered yet deceptively entwined , tell me who's inside ahahaha i have yet to meet a male infj in real life , but as an infj myself , someone can probably get my attention by being sincere . a few smiles here and there would help too . btw , i know an enfp ... yeah , this is mostly how i've felt this holiday season . i usually look forward to christmas because i really like the idea of celebrating with family and loved ones , sharing happiness and all that ... i'm close friends with an intj and we have a similar fondness and ideal for aesthetics . most of our conversations actually revolve around this topic : laughing : we both appreciate beauty , fashion , ... i've disappointed so many people this week ( and probably will continue disappointing said people ) , so seeing this post is very timely for me . back then , i will severely beat myself up for it , cry ... my mom's an infj my dad tested as infj and i'm an infj it's very quiet when we're all together , but it's the peaceful kind of quiet , not the kind that needs to be filled with something . my internal emotions are a cycle of feeling all down and depressed , feeling optimistic and eager to change things , then it all fades into a dominating emptiness . i can't figure myself out and that's ... my life is such a frenzy of emotions . sometimes , i think with just abstract feelings . whenever i feel , i mostly absorb the feelings of others or the feelings my external environment gives off ; but ... yes , i can so relate ! when i do cross paths with someone just sooo attractive , i tend to just observe that person ( and appreciate their beauty ) shyly from a corner : laughing : most of the time , i ... i've always been lacking in the social skills department but comparing who i was and who i am right now , i've taken a huge step in just changing my mindset from everyone and everything is ... yeah that's exactly how it is for me . when i meet someone new , i get as much as i can about how they are , and mold my outer personality based on how i intuitively feel about them . i take on ... a large percentage of my friends and the people i get along with are infps and the one thing that i learned from them is that they'll never be so emotionally attached to me as i am to them . they need ... i know in life , there will always be someone who'll try to bring you down , or just hate your guts . i'm still struggling to finally accept that this is just life and there will always be this kind of ... i rather have close friends / intimacy / so because when i know i've made someone feel happy or worthwhile , i feel that i've at least had some purpose in my life . i wouldn't mind dying as still such a ... i'm really annoyed with hashtags too ! it's like simplifying the art of expressing yourself to just a single word . anyway , back on the topic : laughing : , i also miss those days when to write meant ... i'm an infj too and i am also extremely introverted to the point where it's already painful . however , it is definitely possible to change this . i am slowly starting to go beyond my comfort zone and ... oh gosh , thank you ! ! : love_heart : well , i start with a sketch of the main image i want to present then i proceed to fill in that sketch with details . i don't like the idea of adhering to certain ... infp ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cL4uhaQ58Rk i really relate with this ! for some reason , i love sad music , tv-shows , movies , books , and just sad themes in general . i find a peculiar kind of beauty in sadness and yes , it feels cathartic even ... as shameless as this sounds , i don't have a problem with lying or taking advantage of something if i know it is necessary for me to achieve my end goal . if it's lying about nothing too serious though ... similar to what other people said in this thread , i believe the reason why i've come this far without succumbing to suicidal thoughts is that tiny hope of being able to make this world a better ... i love watercolors and ink : th_jtteglad : here are some of my works 424122  4241 30 my all time favorite is l from deathnote ! ( i had a major crush on him and pretty much mercilessly devoured all those l x reader fanfics ehehe ) what really gets on my nerves are the types of people who are fine with living without seeking for purpose in life . also , those people who step on others . hmm , i really click well with the infps . so far , they're the mbti type that really satisfies what i want in a relationship . but sadly , it's an entirely different story with the intps . when i'm ... i really love anime , but after every anime i watch , i feel sad not because the series has ended , but because our real world seems so dull in contrast . some anime characters uphold the ideal person ... that's how it feels for me too ! except i mainly use art to get my true feelings across to others thanks for sharing : biggrin-new : the way you write is really lovely ~ i'm happy to find out im not alone : smile-new : does anyone else get lost in their thoughts , and at some point , these thoughts eventually lose its words and become abstract sensations , like you can't concretely define these abstract sensations but ... i just realized that my closest friends were sp types : laughing : my favorite is the estp . i am so intrigued by how we are so different yet we seem to just get each other sometimes . when i clash ... i pass by bodies , walking , at this intersection and i marvel the beauty that within the layers of skin , through the intricate web of bones , we are all universes i've been helping my best friend deal with some drama in her life ( i would even stay up late at night talking to her and giving some advice ) . now that it was my turn to ask for her opinion / help with ... wow ! i'm loving this thread : lovekitty : low tide though the storms still rage and the waves grow larger , crashing down on us , i have learned how to quiet my heart it still hurts , i am ... '