' istp females : what are you like when you get in to a relationship ? my friend is a pretty cool and independent istp , has been in a new relationship for about 6-8 months , and all she ever does ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0-hy92f00EE i'm going nuts , i've listened to this song about 50 times on repeat and i don't even like this kind of music * brain dead * https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MvLpRECpK18 edge's question 2015 : what to think about machines that think https://edge.org/annual-question/what-do-you-think-about-machines-that-think https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LkpRBiZMxRk i've never cheated because i think it'd hurt me more than anyone else ( i . e . : i have to live with the thought of being dishonest with myself ) - it's not so much what it would do to the other person - ... i love cartoons - best way to start the weekend me too ;-) hi spastic origami thanks so much for this post :-) and thank you for that graphic - i found something similar on google last night but wasn't 100 % certain of the meaning , now i understand . yes , ... thanks so much randombot - i've just created a new thread to see if i can get more view points on this topic , but have opened up the link you sent me and am just about to have a read ! :-) hey all , i'm an entp ( bordering on intp ) female who has recently kind of been seeing an enfp guy . i decided today that we should go our own separate ways because it was evident that we were not ... yep , that's exactly what i meant - he's incredible ! we get along sooo well , in fact , i don't recall the last time i got along with someone like this . i was hoping to get male perspectives on this ... enfps - i have a question about your type : i recently broke up with an enfp ( amazing guy ! ! ) but seemed really down on himself and always blamed himself for things despite the fact that the problem ... firstly , thank you so much for your response and for taking the time to be so honest and open - i appreciate it . secondly : ooops , excuse me - that was not meant offensively , i guess i was trying ... help , i'm kind of dating this intj - it's been about 3 weeks now ... he did everything to chase me , stuff i would find interesting or sweet ... texted me a million times during the day / night and we'd ... haha and i thought i was the only one who did this ... generally , this is followed by checking my phone the next day for photos with randoms at the pub , checking the bank account , and seeing who i ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iyl0zbCSN80 my protein snack and if i'm going to give it to someone i really like or if i'm just going to eat it and pretend like it never existed : tongue : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mVlRc7TnJQg https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EZkKKZ7i9MI some of us ( i . e . : me ) are just arseholes who like to be mean ... but that being said , it's just to pass the time when i'm bored . i sometimes come across as shallow , but it's only because i reserve ... ask a financial planner - they will take in to consideration your risk appetite , further to this , they will understand the market volatility more so than your average joe off the street . also , ... thanks heaps for your input eyesopen - yeah , i'm really crap at knowing when a guy likes me . weirdest part is , we've worked together for a bit , i've always thought he was a nice person , just ... hi intjs ... could anyone help me , i'm slightly confused about this intj guy . i think he likes me , but i'm not 100 % certain . basically , we know each other through work and have only recently started ... thank you so much for this - i'm reading the emotional intelligence book recommend by i do think you've got a great point - get out there . i've been cancelling more and more ... polyamory ... seriously ! ? my fears as an entp ... never finding someone who gets me - most people tell me that i'm difficult to understand for the most part as i don't display much emotion but still want to be in love with ... i've read d . carnegie's book - i can successfully put it in to practice , however , haven't read the others . i will order them online today - and in response to the pre-empted thanks ... thank you for ... stribog i've actually thought of that :-) i'm meeting with a friend of mine who was an intp and is now an infp - i will ask him what he did . he's sort of explained to me that he had some type of ... everyone conforms in one way or another to different things . i don't see it as conforming , i see it as playing a game in this instance . sometimes you don't get to decide the rules , but you have to go ... nope , i'm very much an entp that just doesn't like people or socialising lol 5w6 here , not that big on socialising but i do it . i don't like socialising at work , and avoid it . but in social situations i have learnt to deal with the fact that i'm around people . i'm usually ... this might sound like a ridiculously silly question [ advanced apologies ] ... but ... allegedly my fe is poorly developed - how do i go about fixing this ? : unsure : are there alternatives to ... it did used to piss me off , i always dressed really badly at work up until a few years ago . there was this woman , that i would say i were friends with , who lectured me on how badly i presented ... dude , not everyone needs someone else to tell them [ validate ] that there is a problem in their relationship . some people have the insight to identify that themselves . anyways , he states he's done ... we accept the love we think we deserve - stephen chbosky ... this comes to mind about the push and pull + abuse ... not sure but this could be an avenue . other avenue could be she really likes ... what kind of emotions would you associate exuberance with ? this is easy for me to say as i'm not in your situation ... but why are you still there ? ( other than the current ' physical ' reasons of living arrangements etc . ) just because she doesn't believe in ... i don't think so ... : kitteh : wtf is a power couple ? ? can i class myself as a power single because i evaluate my goals on a regular basis ? there is nothing wrong for people who want to be in a relationship likewise for ... jared eggo one of my friends is an esfj - not sure if she's with an intp , her partner is ixtj ( i think ) however , there's a problem in her relationship every other week . it's on or off and when it's ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PaUI6Tvd1sA oh man , i haven't heard this song in years ! ! adding to playlist again : laughing : i hate people who stand riiight next to you in public even when there's plenty of room elsewhere ... ever heard of personal space ? ? and people who think it's ok to butt in to your conversation ... entp here and i think the same thing ... never really got on with other women bc i didn't like the whole gossipy crap ; at one stage most of my friends were guys , and that got a bit tedious too . i've ... him ... currently reading crime & punishment by dostoevsky aaannnddd i just ordered michio kaku's the future of the mind ( box set ) and physics of the impossible - i am so freaking excited , i ... hiya and welcome what kind of books do you like reading ? ohhh , i do the same thing ! even if the person is awesome and sexy and i'm attracted , i get so nervous and end up avoiding them . i have a pretty underdeveloped fe , so i would have to agree with ... agreed , she did put it well :-) i know a lot about all the wrong things he does , i hear her bitch about them a lot . but they happen when i'm not around , so i'm not sure i can use them as evidence ... '