' i guess loosing my cool would be just that , losing my coolness because i am nervous and flustered . and i know what you mean by a girl liking having that effect on a man . yeah the guy looks and ... thats amazing ! as a guy , i do something very similar ... lol : laughing : in reality , i can daydream as well but only for brief moments . in those briefs moments though , i don't find myself ... checklist . it's a huge checklist , but not impossible to satisfy . i am actually engaged ... edit : doesn't everyone have a checklist ? or would the alternative be if it just feels right ? even if ... the personality typing only shows which traits are strongest within a single person ... they don't show how strong they are relative to others ; i have no problem taking charge of a group of entj's , ... i don't assume there is a correlation . morals and religion have no connection , so they can not have an effect on each other . morals can't come from god . if they did , they would be subjective ... uh oh , the daydreaming phase . forgot about that ... little notebook with your new married name and the name of your kids along with all the wedding plans ! lol agreed on similar vision and values ; i ... + 1 correct me if i am wrong option 1 : im wrong so they correct ... learn something new every day option 2 : im not wrong ... i have no idea what personality type the people around me are , but i do know that i am super arrogant . i have a superiority complex that can easily transform into a god complex and i can be ... good word choice .. presence . i like it ! i think that might be on of the differences . i call it a thought process where you call it a gut feeling . its really the same thing and might even occur ... went back and realized i am 8w7 and the description is ridiculous . materialistic . prone to addiction.highly assertive . risk-taking .. its amazing how accurate these things can be .. i mean ... there are a few dating type threads on here and something that is coming up for me is that the personality type doesn't seem to reveal itself very early on . for me as an entj , the approach is always ... i would say that reputation is more important to me but technically a reputation is a sort of unspoken compliment held by many people . if i constantly heard compliments personally , i would assume ... thats an easy one ... i mean what else is there ? http://www.lionworldtravel.com/LionWorldTours/FeaturedImages/LionLWT_Homepage_ZOOM.jpg thomas crown ... gotta be an entj i think these are just from a photoshoot from some clothing line affiliated with the movie . ... i have been told that many women decide whether a man is of interest within the first 5 seconds or something , whether it is a visual thing or something else , i dont know . for me , its less of a ... allegory of the cave is a very interesting piece of reading . studied it a bit , a little less enjoyable when you are being tested on it . still i love the concept that our interpretation of reality is ... holy sh * t ... i love this place ! ! ! thats exactly how i respond to conflict ! vanitas response was perfect , but i also follow this 321 order . <--- entj type 8 man bowl of fun ... ? ahhh , i see . actually found some more info , i think its just a couple famous ones may have typed intj , some typed entj but no distinct correlation between that kind of disconnect from reality and ... i get very goal oriented and i tend to be aggressive in an initiative kind of way ; being too aggressive can be bad . first layout my objective : long-term ; short-term ; one-night ; undecided then ... understood . no problem . any thoughts on the subject from an intj point of view ? no prob ... one of my challenges is remembering that there are plenty of people smarter than me and that no one needs my advice . so i have learned to only give it when someone asks and only take the ... if you find yourself tearing the flesh off of other people and eating it , you might consider getting in touch with your feelings ! lol isn't intj the most common personality type among serial ... yeah organized religion does fall into that ethical problem of coercion . we can all agree that coercion is unethical and we can also agree that religion must be ethical . if boss says perform ... i can see why you are on the fence . i see a lot of my characteristics in your description . i do remember seeing that estp was called a persuader on one site . what i can tell you is that , as a ... + 1 , depends on the order , not who gives it . it also depends on how its given , show respect when giving an order ... orders will be respected . even if the order is given in a bad way , if the ... lol ! ! thanks for the warm welcome guys ! ... and the tps reports ! promethea : looking forward to the whole forum ! addison : cool , what makes you think you might be estp ? jojo : thanks ! ! about ... lol , sorry the comment was a bit exaggerated ! emotions are an integral part of human communication and are absolutely necessary . the comment was meant more as an exaggerated way of saying emotions ... the golden ratio is very interesting along with pi ; from what i understand every universal constant is an irrational number ... hmmm no i do get choked up from time to time , and i like to think that i allow myself to feel . i didn't cry when my grandmother , who raised me , passed away , but i got choked up a lot and i am sure ... i dont think know any estj's , but i am surprised that emotions are coming up . from what i have read , neither of these types is very emotional . as far as i am concerned as an entj ... i want to run ... anger is inefficient but sometimes necessary in moderation . personally , i try to avoid becoming overly angry . for me , any anger that is visible to others or reduces efficiency and / or effectiveness , ... awesome question ! the driving habits are where my dehumanization is most clear . i have a bad habit of reckless driving ; the term is drifting and while i may feel that everything is in control , i go ... + 1 i am heavily leaning toward atheist views based on rationality . however , if life it finite , it becomes completely irrelevant in the long-run and nothing accomplished here has any meaning ... power suit ... or at least a well put-together outfit that fits the occasion and projects the right image . actually as a hairstylist , i am partial to fashion but also to dressing for success . ... wow , just joined the forum and this thread caught my eye . i have to say , i can relate . however , this dark side only appears in front of people who are very close to me . which seems counter ... hello everyone ! 26yr old male hairstylist ( straight ... :D ) studying finance , economics , philosophy i recently typed myself and i was shocked at how accurate the test was . i just did the enneagram ... '