change is good ! :D hello there bachelor's in interior design here . but i tried one year of biotechnologies http://i.imgur.com/prWt01C.jpg i need a burger in my life right now i bought stuff . i bought a super smooth black case for my phone and it is so thin that you don't even notice it but it's still sturdy . and i bought a thingy that you stick to the back of the phone ... i know this is addressed to infjs but i have to say that i totally agree and relate to this . i plan in advance so that i'll be free from thoughts when i'm there . i don't want to go crazy for one hour ... i imagine being in a bubble that isolates me from the outside world , mostly the sounds . just having my personal space , inaccessible by other people , somewhere where i don't get approached and i can ... you might try to check 6 and 8 enneagrams and see if you relate more to one than the other . i wonder what taking this test says about the people who chose to take the test . 705354 i would say that i see an animal , see that they are strong and then just start thinking about how strong and all kinds of practical things connected to that . like how much of their strength they use ... my thoughts derail a lot too , but they're still quite ... concrete ? i don't like thinking and imagining for no reason . what i mean is i don't think about the possibility of the tour eiffel made of ... in my case fomo is balanced by introversion so , every time , i ask myself if something is worth my energy . usually the presence of people is a con to me , being offered or pressured into doing ... i do have ni being isfp ;) i have never suffered from depression . i don't even think i'm generally sad or in a bad mood . my pig's body was facing left ( so i could show that cute twirly tail ! - also i'm a lefty ? ) but the face was totally facing front ( so i could show the snout and its happy face ) . the past is behind ... i stole this from the infj section . it's a test to evaluate which values / qualities are more important to you . values test i found it cool . this is my result : i'm gonna steal this test :P honestly i think that your functions are still developing so maybe that's why is more difficult to pin-point them . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S11vGwFfq0c i'm fundamentally happy with my life . it doesn't mean that everything is perfect ( i'd like to be in another county , not so far away from bf , i'd like to not have this headache on a sunday morning , ... yes i tend to brood on stuff that made me angry and frustrated mostly . usually linked with really emotional situations . but i always try to avoid conflicts and i have problems asserting myself so ... i daydream a lot . but i have to say that it's mostly about future things that will happen ( or i wish to happen ) . it's more about future things than past things anyway so e . g . instead or reliving when ... this reminds me of one of those socionics esi descriptions i don't relate to better now that i have been conceded a greeting :P these are , btw , two of the most typical traits of fi dom :P sometimes imo it suggest high fe so maybe an fe dom ? i'd like to hear more opinions though . this made me think about an extrovert . maybe and enfp or esfp . this makes me think fe , which would go against ... welcome ! regardless of its scientific validity i think this stuff is useful so maybe you can give it a try ;) so i guess i don't get any greeting ? how rood :( hello and welcome ! ! :) welcome back ! ! hej ! och välkommen ! ha roligt här ;) this makes me think about infp . specifically ne + inf . te . inf.te again . plus fi = having hard times with speeches with having also a hard time asserting over people and ' charm ' them .   ... i totally agree with falling foxes and i'd add : try to live your life for yourself . you're bored ? do something that makes you happy and excited , regardless of your bf . make yourself happy . don't wait ... this is interesting . i'm not really good at typing but i asked myself why si-fe or se-fi ( introverted vs extroverted ) and not considering fi-se which in my opinion would make a bit more sense vs ... that's the thing . what if you get a super extroverted energized bully child ? i think parenting a quiet , nice , respectful kid is doable but you can't really choose your child's personality ( partly ... i saw a video yesterday about toddlers ... it was also a quite funny video but ... just watching it made me feel so overwhelmed . idk if maybe it's an introverts thing ? i wonder about extroverts ... would you still be there to raise one if it ' accidentally ' ( lol ) happened ? guess what , i'm a 749 isfp . * secret unicorn high fives * don't you ever think about the potential you have ? what i mean is : given that you have the power of creating life , wouldn't it be like not taking advantage of that power ? not questioning your ... hey so ... do you want children ? do you not want children ? why ? what are your thoughts on maternity / paternity ? and what's your relationship with kids in general ? has your opinion on the matter changed ... i agree with some people here . approach her with a neutral topic but showing your interest . something that may bring her to talk to you again if she at least is ok with you . like , she got a good ... maybe she liked you but not in that way ? so now she thinks that you were friend of her just cause you liked her in that way and she thinks you can't go back to be normal friends like she thought you ... so you had an affair with someone and you ' planned ' that she was gonna stay with you the whole september but hen she stopped communicating with you ... i mean , it seems she's just not that much ... how is it going here ? any stable couples yet ? or are you still just virtually shipping and re-shipping people ? ( there's hope for the real deal , i swear ) i just really really want to see some of you ... how is it called when you're longing for a place you've never been to ? this is not the case but it made me think about that . wanting to be somewhere else and kinda stuck where you are ( hopefully ... i prefer to check time on digital . numbers right there right now . immediate information . i prefer to wear and have as decoration analog watches / clocks since they're more aesthetically pleasing . so it ... so many 794 :D 696921 tell us more about it last day of work before holidays ! two weeks of stuff to do and nothing to do with my favourite person await me ^ ^ so excited ! : sun-smiley :