' i think ... they say that 1 % of the population is infp , and like 10 % of the population is gay , so ... excuse me my mathematics are not very good .. that must mean that one in one thousand are gay infp ? ... i'm the same i think , i am gay but it doesn't define who i am . i am first and foremost me ! i am a gay woman and i have to say that i think that combined with being an infp made my youth very difficult ! i struggled to come to terms with being different from everybody else in different ways ... i actually look physically drained , my eyes go sunken and dark . i think the eyes really are the windows to the soul ! my relationship with an estj : when it was going good , it was amazing . when it was going bad , it was hell on earth . we would joke that it was like putting a square peg in a round hole , but after a ... thanks for all your comments : happy : i should add that i explained more details to ddc and he suggested that my partner wasn't esfp but estj . i've been reading up on this type and their ... write it down , for nobody else but yourself . supercalifragilisticexpialidocious : crazy : i have a lot of respect for carl jung but his fascination with astrology astounds me . ( taurus , for what it's worth ... ) and particularly i don't think projection or narcissism are infp traits , unless maybe in extreme circumstances when under major stress and confusion . in which case , you have to ask , how did you not ... i don't think it's an infp trait at all . i always see the good in people and want to help them , and give them the benefit of the doubt , in this case making excuses for the way they behave . there ... 87533 wow , thanks for the comments . yes , i totally can believe they are using this one episode to regain some power and make me believe it is all my fault . everything i said to try and fix the relationship ... i would say the most important one would be ... don't give a f * * k about what anybody else thinks about you . hola all , just having a bad breakup and i'm a little ashamed to say i need a bit of moral support . friends do what they can , and i am mostly fine on my mine own and i keep busy but i don't think ... i continue to discover who i am by pushing myself to try new things and new experiences ; for example , different types of volunteering , becoming involved in work activities and committees and ... i'm down with that :) great question ! 1 ) monday mornings . 2 ) so , what have you been up to ? ( i go completely blank ) 3 ) are you shy ? ( it makes me blush ) 4 ) loud , screechy , drunk people 5 ) liars & double ... i like this way of thinking : laughing : do any other infps do this ... ? somebody will push me far enough for me to tell them that they have annoyed me , or done something to upset me . by the end of the argument i always seem to find ... before i even read the previous answers , i was thinking , that i never get bored . i can find fun or intrigue in everything . i think that sometimes others can perceive this as being apathetic . other ... red wine and chocolate . probably not the healthiest options , but still ... sure , this is my journey from start to finish and everybody else just hops on and off . but if you believe that then how do you build meaningful relationships ? ( i will read the book and get back to ... i hate to be ' selfish ' too , it is not in my nature , but i have a relationship with somebody right now where i am constantly having to say no , because it is wearing me down saying yes ! good for you ... cleaning . listening to the radio . chilling with the cat . a good bike ride out to the sea or countryside . but most of all , i love a trip to the cinema on my own . pure escapism :) vent : i used to think it was the prozac that made me numb to the feelings of others . now , ten years off that destructive , brain-hatchet , i realise that , quite simply , i cannot deal with the negative ... thanks for all your answers . i personally don't think i could do an open relationship . hell , i've never even had a threesome because i kind of subscribe to that attitude of i don't share ... not ... i am dating an enfp who believes in ' open relationships ' and yet they have said that they are happy to be monogamous with me if that is what i want ... their perspective is that sex is purely a ... people who judge me before they know me . people who say you're very shy aren't you / why are you so quiet . recently , people who are friends with my enfp girlfriend , who have just met me , ... if i'm drunk i will tell people all the things i've been afraid to tell them sober . that's a good thing , if it's nice stuff . but sometimes it can turn into an angry outburst , like a ball of fire that ... damn , i'm so fickle . this would absolutely melt my heart every time :) i once loved a girl . i gave her my heart and my soul and as much time as money could buy . that is not enough , said the girl . if you loved me , you would give me your hands . my hands ? , i ... i love you and most of the time when i'm with you i feel the king of the world . but sometimes you hurt my feelings really badly and i need to get away from you . i've never met anybody like you before ... it's a really interesting idea . we are taught that the norm for a partnership is to live together and sleep in one bed , but personally i love the idea of having separate rooms ! i love falling asleep ... that's not cheesy . i want that too . but as part of my restaurant dream ;) that's amazing . such a great idea . a lot of my friends are in teaching , i imagine it would be really satisfying . i hope one day you will achieve that : happy : no ? ! a quick google tho suggests it'll be on my itinerary next visit ... don't mention paul the octopus , it makes me too sad :( not that they have a lot of octopus action , but still . hehe , i like the sound of that . i just got back from a trip to berlin . i think you'd love it there ! i guess maybe i know how hard it can be for infps to share their close feelings , so i always like to say thanks ! my ultimate dream is to own a restaurant somewhere in europe ; france , spain or germany . somewhere in a beautiful little town that was near mountains and lakes where i could escape for a while . i'd ... in ' the cave ' . keep writing those thoughts / emotions down and you'll get there in the end ! i've had massive writers ' block for a while ( i work in book publishing and think this may be the problem re : work versus ... i actually just remembered , i was at a picnic party yesterday and my friend was all the socialite but i didn't know anyone . then this guy turned to me and said you're very quiet . i just said , well ... i am terrible for this too ! literally , as soon as i have been introduced to somebody i will forget their name ! for me when i'm out in large groups , it's nice to be introduced to people and then ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qjy3jWLz4Fk http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6A1xu0BSs2s http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dLb33LZX4dc aha ! but bloody vevo :( argh i'm trying to post video but can't get it to work ? ! hang on . nobody will ever love you like i do . most of all , if i could , i'd give myself a massive hug right now ! insight is a valuable thing :) '