' im a little bored and wanted to start a random thread , hope you dont mind . 1 ) any artsy-fartsy intj's out there ? i dont think ive seen much on this topic , but do you think that intj's have the ... maybe we could come up with some technology to alter other types into intj's ? too inhumane ? i guess cloning works too ... :/ i was wondering about the name too ... and i haven't really met too many intj's in person so i'm not sure i can answer the question well . i can tell you though that a few people have ... text , play video games , surf the web , facebook ... that's about it . haha . :) listntoo welcome to perc ! admros ... you're avatar reminds me of a rapist . as for us getting a bad rap ... i don't feel like we do , people just don't understand how our minds work . i feel like most ... when i was typed a few years ago i almost always got infj . when i retested a while ago though , i kept finding that i always got intj . the descriptions for an intj fit my personality quite well and i ... don't the younger two play games using their imaginations ? my middle brother ( 10 years old ) still does and he can occupy himself for hours playing war games or teacher and what-have-you . ( * sadness * ) . and useless tasks are ... well , useless . today is my last day of school before break . do you always feel stressed out with the kids at home all day ? ( in my family we have 6 kids that all go to school . it's so chaotic during the summer when ... seeing as how you've contributed 4 out of the 6 posts on this thread so far , it seems you don't need anyone else ; you keep a conversation going all by yourself , don't you ? just sayin ... i seriously almost started a thread just like this yesterday . almost . well said . :) and , catniss ... why ferrets ? ? can i give my input , even though i am a girl ? the relationship between my parents and i are both kind of bad . my mother lives in her own little world and doesn't bother communicating with me and my ... is that a good or a bad thing ? ? ? : o and wooow guyz , feelin the love on this thread , feelin tha looove . now lets all give eachothers a big hug ! so only if they had small blowholes ? ? ( and wtf kinda magazine ... ? ) lawls . do you think if dolphins were self-conscious about their appearance that they would dislike their blowholes ? juss curiouss . yeah ... im juss jealous . im self-conscious that i aint gotta blowhole ( this sounds verrry perverted ) and can be squeekers all tha times ( i dont think theres any way to make this sentence not sound ... zomg ! that sounds sooo kewl ! i would watch that ! lol ! wanna see it wit me ? ;P haha ! jk . when i lived in florida we had this tiny itty bitty lizards and when you tried to catch them their tails came ... in my art class we were watching a parody of a song by rebecca black . they were riding in a convertable and one of the girls was making her arm swim in the air and said my hand is a dolphinnn ! ! ... wow , i did not mean to come across that way . i apologize . thank you for pointing out i said that though ; i sometimes have difficulty not sounding like a snob because of the way i talk and i have to ... i usually refer to myself as a jack of all trades , master of none . if i find something even slightly interesting i usually obsess over trying to learn more and more about it until i find something ... harpfluffy , my chinese zodiac animal is a rooster . and besides , they have more attitude than chickens do . peter , i'm not offended you called me a he . i just thought it was funny , so yeah , i ... like , omg . i swear , i have had , like the worst day ever ! my french teacher was totally wearing a black dress with brown shoes ! how ga-ross is that ? ohmiigood ! there is this cute guy in my art class ... oh ! make me one too ! i'd wear it . hey , i'm a girl , not a he . ;P and yeah , i suppose what you say is true . can you give me an example so i can better understand what you mean ? i don't want to misconstrue your question . but you have to think , how often do i get excited over my conversations with people ? small talk or gossip doesn't excite me , so my voice wouldn't get louder over that , would it ? i just feel that ... it's possible . when i get excited i sometimes have people telling me to quiet down . that does sound dirty . :P and i don't think i just tweaked . i full out changed myself . i look back at how i used to act towards other people and it frightens me how twisted i was . i was kind of ... growing up , i had never really thought about how i treated people or why i would act a certain way . a few years ago though , i became really depressed and suicidal . thinking back , i'm not even really ... mei , that was a wonderful post . i think i'm beginning to understand my sister now ; before i was always in the dark about why she would react a certain way to things i said or did . we'll see how ... i always thought that if i were a male i would want a deep , commanding voice . would it be weird if i said i were jealous ? i have a naturally high-pitched voice that i have conditioned to sound lower ... thanks for that , but i don't deem myself attractive enough to silence a roomful of people . i want to hear your stories of when you were completely objective in a stressful / hazardous situation . i'll even give my own anecdote to get us started . i had been cooking something over the ... thank you for this response , it was very insightful . i will give her some more time , but i feel like if she does not feel better soon that seeing a professional would be best . getting an objective ... 1 . observe , observe , observe . if i see a person i'm interested in being friends with , i usually just observe them for a while to see if they're worthwhile . 2 . once a person first meets me or we ... thank you , everyone , for your responses . funkdragon 75 , she is young ( 13 ) , but she's been like this her whole life ; i don't think it's teenaged angst . mintyphoenix , she likes to draw cartoons , and ... witty ? don't think so . and i tried having her take the test , but she was fed up with it ( and me ) before she even finished . also , she is very indecisive , so she would ask me for my opinion on most ... i want to know what an infp gone bad is like . i'm asking this because i tried typing my sister , and the only type i can seem to come up with is infp , but she is probably the most volatile , depressed , ... if i'm a vegetarian , can i say neither ? ? ( if i had to pick though , it would be the beetles ... ) tell you what , i'll make my next art project a self portrait then i'll post it for you . sound good ? and how would an x-ray / mri prove what i look like ? if i told you i hated cameras with a passion , then what ? i think the most recent picture of me was from about 5 years ago . ha ! i just imagined that , how smelly . i know someone who always smells like copper , i think it's gross . i like lavender , rose , and cherry blossom . and i absolutely hate coconut and vanilla and ... i guess i could be considered cute ... if you get past my cold and detached personality . people don't really seem to notice how i look most of the time . ( im not going to post a picture ) i'm short ... i get a lot of books from the library . also , i spend time there occasionally because i don't have internet access in my home . i probably only go once every two weeks or so . if i get excited about something i tend to talk loud ( not loud enough to be annoying though [ i hope ] ) . i've noticed that as soon as i start to say something ( no matter where i am ) the room automatically gets quieter as if everyone is listening to me talk . i don't know if this is me being paranoid or ... umm , i think thats called blinking . :P and im right handed but i raise my left eyebrow . a lot of people seem to drain me ( including my father , sister , and brother ) . it tends to be people who are either too emotional and have mood swings , or people who have to repeat themselves a ... '