' only the best video game soundtrack ever https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4wEZv3cwoMs i too find war a fascinating subject to study and observe , but i'd never join an army because i believe the government abuses their power over you even more if you do . they may pay you slightly more ... i like to cook . i think it's fun to learn new recipes and change them to my tastes , plus i find that if you put some effort into preparing your food , it appears to taste better . that being said , i do ... i don't see the point in visiting the grave of a loved one , though i've visited graveyards because it can conjure a pensive mood in regards to death and loss . has anyone really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like ? your mom . something you're likely to find in africa . i can definitely relate to your story . it can be really hard to stay motivated when you feel misunderstood . first off , drop the medication . it has side effects which will make you feel shittier ... stocking shelves for the weekend at a supermarket every friday evening , together with a friend . i was about 16 . since we came in when everyone was almost at the end of their work day , they didn't ... rejected commercialized education intp i think it's utterly ridiculous . in a romantic relationship of any type , both parties should strive to treat eachother as equals . stopped reading there i tried that sort of thing for a few months , but after 3 of these encounters i decided it gave me little satisfaction and stopped doing it . - have murderous thoughts when you see someone using a word wrongly - cry when someone calls out your flawed logic - like cats - attract crazy people who mistake our open-mindedness for ... > 2016 > worrying about politics you can change how these thieves and liars operate , simply by not playing by their rules . there's no use to crying about elections when you keep partaking in the ... unlearn everything they crammed into your poor head . have some of that next level futuristic stuff ( might wanna put some headphones on ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0bB5sudP8LQ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rwobDZOw_po ... not sure about these types , but here's what i came up with : mother - esfj father - xstj sister - infj i lean towards instrumental music for the most part , but some nicely selected vocal samples can really bring out the best in a track when used wisely and with moderation . example : ... only barely , the lowest audible frequency is about 20hz i'm fond of low frequencies when it comes to sound waves . probably not , they seem too slow count me in . probably say yeah sure and never follow through . i try to always be respectful towards people , even if i don't like them . when people start to annoy me though , i actively start to break away from them ( by reducing my input into conversation to ... been putting far to many hours into unturned . mainly because it runs on my laptop and i don't have money for a gaming pc and games . 500666 just thinking about kittens and the purpose of my existence i had my first girlfriend at 17 ( we just went on 1 date and decided to be together ) and i tried the whole dating thing for the first time at 25 , in the sense that i was going out with girls and ... 1 . do you do it ? i avoid it 2 . how often ? only when i'm really hungry and there are no other options 3 . do you enjoy it ? no , i don't feel at ease in these situations for many reasons 4 . what ... for the most part quiet and observant , trying to make sense of my classmates ' immaturity on many levels . had no true friends at school , only some people who i hung out with out of boredom . schoolwork ... i'd guess about 75yrs , depending on health conditions and accidental contact with stray humans . abracadabra i also have trouble maintaining the habit of doing full yoga routines , but it does work greatly . as for your statement on intps naturally meditating all the time when thinking , ... onemind in my opinion , locke qualifies as an intp . he most definitely utilizes his intuition a lot and takes things as they come without judging , so istj just doesn't seem right for him . pantheism , yo . i'm open to the idea of having kids , but i'm not the kind of person to think it's absolutely necessary to have them just to fit in with society's expectations . if i'm ever having kids , it'll have to ... appear in people's dreams and spout random fake prophecies so they'll take radical action for no reason i would nod at them in an understanding way , maybe offer a puff of my joint if they seemed particularly cool . 1 . what is a good person like to you ? open minded and open hearted . nurturing and stimulating to people around them . 2 . would you consider yourself to be a good person ? getting there , my mind is ... this . secluded places in general attract me . i also enjoy wandering the streets late at night . do i study philosophy ? i am philosophy i like yoga because it doesn't require anything other than my own body to practice . other than that i don't have a car so i bike around a lot . competitive sports aren't really fun to me . i dislike organized religion as a rule , but over the past few years i've been exploring spirituality . after learning from multiple religions and philosophies , i'd define myself as a pantheist ( the ... burial feels are the best feels https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=amcSJqojXsA also , chopin https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MPvS0g2papI a trick that usually works for me is being the dj at said nightclub lol jobs . exactly i always had trouble memorizing stupid stuff like vocabulary . languages are meant to be learned through immersion and experience , just like most other things . fuck schools , choose your own learning ... it's gotten me laid a few times so far without really spending a lot of time on there and they were pretty interesting people too . hell , i might even have found someone on there who i'd consider gf ... here's some future minimalistic stuff i really like ( use headphones pls ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ogpP81XGg-I https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GQOI6tZgxns ... i don't cry much at all , but the other day i was watching chaplin's speech in the great dictator for some reason and it hit me hard while my shields were down . it's mostly things like that that make ... i don't cry very often , but i do have a few things that get my mood really low really fast : 1 . injustice 2 . ignorance 3 . witnessing great selfishness 4 . being misunderstood 5 . being judged in ... '