' you could try talk about it in more general terms , why you want to work in that area / career / industry . think of some aspects that you like about it and then talk about it for a bit and then shove a ... i recently made a new infj friend . i dno . she's definitely something else . we basically talk every day . i guess she gets me too much . the hunches about how i'm feeling , just over text , is kinda ... new study confirms that there are way too many studies china is telling the dalai lama what to do in the afterlife – quartz age : 21 gender : male country of residence : australia nationality : australian languages : english religion : none political leanings : no idea job / school : software developer ( or at least trying ... ye i definitely act differently around people i feel more comfortable around / closer to . design this cloud lamp creates a thunderstorm inside your bedroom . and it's the coolest thing ever 3d printing delicious , living , edible snacks led skylight authentically recreates the sun's ... interesting reads why i became a computer scientist instead of a doctor – quartz how a lone hacker shredded the myth of crowdsourcing facebook invents an intelligence test for machines - ... some science brainpower peaks in different ways as people age , study finds scientists find class of drugs that boosts healthy lifespan imagination , reality flow in opposite directions in the ... i've noticed that when i begin a new project , it takes me a really long time start coding , because i'm thinking of the best way to go about things . the delayed start to action is ni-se i guess . look up benevolent prejudice . it's still discrimination . just fyi , my vote costs $ 50 procrastinating practicing a power point presentation ( ooh that alliteration ) i was just stressing myself about it , and reading random things on the internet to avoid it . then i listened to some ... noooooo not the science anything but the science when i'm stuck in a rut , i appreciate it when people get me out of my room by getting me to do things with them ( eg . go for lunch somewhere , or even just go to their house ) . i don't know if that ... aren't gammas supposed to be the most adverse to groups , or at least the most particular about who is in a group with them . in any case , intjs are a really independent minded type . i'd recommend ... i may or may not be congrats ! mummified monk is âx80x98not deadâx 80x99 and in rare meditative state , says expert not dead is actually in ' very deep meditation ' and in a rare and very special spiritual state says expert https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DIt4bR677Us what the fuck is book orientated ? this is like some slightly intellectualized version of ' do you even lift bro ' esfp : can you send me the new episode of suits ? me : i just streamed it . i'll just give you the link to the site esfp : it comes up with some error message me : ok , i'll just send you a link to the ... is this meant to be laggy , because it's something to do with the movie , or is it just my computer ? https://qzprod.files.wordpress.com/2015/01/alex-cornell-antarctica-4.jpg?w=640 i would so buy a small replica of this behold the rare beauty of the underside of an iceberg – quartz shit ... i've never noticed that spoon until now ye i think it's like that for most people . i just searched for top anime and also on this forum sometimes people have suggestions . nah anime's cool . i can't find anywhere else where you'd find psychological or mind fuck type shows ok it's happening again . i'm trying to read too many books at once , and in the end i won't finish any . i start with one and then i become interesting in reading another , etc . and then i have too many ... maybe you're angry that you think you could've done more at the beginning to discuss his decision . maybe he seemed resolute and final with this decision , but in reality he was still open to exploring ... anime ... basement i guess i should stop getting into anime . i'm aiming to move out in a year or two . me too . i hate to have to make decisions right after i wake up . i'm just too tired . i need like 2 hours before i'm fully functioning . also i just don't like making snap decisions on the go . i need ... i become more interested in what her interests are . do a bit of teasing . then if what she says is interesting and i feel comfortable around her , i start to be more direct . i mean i see her max . about 3 times a year . we're at least not not friends . qa-related story the guy at the company i work at who got the qa internship , somehow got in with no prior programming ... elon musk wants to build a new internet from space | venturebeat | business | by jordan novet maybe this is up your alleya place to share those things that oddly satisfy you . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=intua_p4kE0 congrats man some distant friend of mine just got engaged at the age of 21 . o . o well uh ... good for her i guess . apparently she always wanted to have kids and be a stay at home mum . welp ... she can always get ... this computer program has âx80x98solvedâx80x99 texas holdâx 80x99em poker - sciencealert watch : maglev elevators will be able to take you up , down , and sideways - sciencealert - i was into investing a few years back . maybe i'll get back into it when i get the time to redo my shitty share valuation spreadsheet that broke ages ago . first new antibiotic in 30 years discovered in major breakthrough - telegraph got a new phone finally . my old one was dying on me with memory problems . can't open contacts in my sim card , but they're still stored there , can't open any app because it just crashes . just barely ... i think everyone on my team at work is istp . although , one guy might be isfj . so much ti . it feels like everyone's just talking to themselves sometimes . at least they're all friendly and generally ... probably death note banned for making fake secretions art of some kind http://videos-d-16.ak.instagram.com/hphotos-ak-xap1/10318098_396012863881676_1571747480_n.mp4 i passed ! the degree is mine ! brain representations of social thoughts accurately predict autism diagnosis - - sciencedaily woah this is pretty cool trying to predict autism through the use of brain imaging when asked to ... '