' hi there , i'm pretty sure i have aspergers . that in combination with being a type 6w7 and a hds ( jovian archive ) type of generator and being an infj makes me a pretty interesting combination . i ... understanding is relative . ti is not objective . dance music , needs to be fast or i fall asleep and upbeat since it directly influences my mood intp - yes my mother . also good at asking detailled questions . i have arranged myself with ... sure . due to being an introvert i'm pretty passive . the answer is actually below . why women don't listen ? because they don't have to . younger i'd say . i'm not that special . intuition , developed ? i don't think it really develops . couter question . do you think it develops and if so how ? :D if you read through the actual questions . most of them are not personal . because guess what . nobody really cares about my personal life . :o) everybody's favourite subject is themselves . so yeah ... there you have it . :D you take what you can get . no ? before i thought i was an infp as well . and i found the fe definition of being swayed by the rules of society . i . e . don't having an inner compass but if you ... i guess so . i can control myself if necessary . but yes . attention to detail is what it's all about . nothing i kinda tried that . the problem is my ni is always right . and so is yours . so what are we supposed to do about that ? what is your ideal partner like ? ( feel free to get as shallow as you like ! ) not sure exactly . but i think fe is necessary . what is your favorite mbti type ( in theory or irl ) and why ? isfj is ... i forgot to answer the last question . judgement . as mentioned above . i use my fe for judgement . if there are impersonal issues then the fe angle kinda does not work . so yes i'm grateful for the ... sjs are not bad per se . the difference between me an a te for example is i can hear the thought in my head while the te actually says it and potentially even acts on it . so in order to get shit ... do you think a lot of the dreams / idealism you held in your teens / early 20s has died ? well the idealism is still there , because it has to be . however me restricting it to prevent me from burning ... and again sufficient time has passed for me to visit you again . x ) well istps use ti / se / ni / fe so they have their ti in front of their ni vs for me the ni is in front of the ti . so usually i ... as requested by popular demand kitty , do what the title says ! : cool : first of , i was busy with actual life ( i guess that counts as one development for me ) , so i totally forgot i posted this and only now after catching up on e-mail i saw the notifications . but now ... well just like the reddit ama's . ask me anything . i think i have life figured out . so if you are a younger infj and are not sure about something . maybe i can help out . let the battle ... hey hey hey , nice post . i always like to derive the meaning of a word from it's roots . in this case manipulative comes from manus = hand . so you use your hands to shape the world according to your ... true that ! my experience with my isfj ex girlfriend mirrors the above statements . she is / was very nice in general . however the kinds of accusations she made towards me at times when she was upset about me ... no shit yeah , or another way of putting it is to do things when the time is ripe for doing them . sounds almost like me a bit sans the doing part but the overplaying the effects is good until reality / se kicks in and reminds me of something else nice one . especially since i somehow started doing this on my own already . nope it's not , if i was motivated i would not be bored . my current exercise is cycling . i just started about half a year ago . the muscles are there , the joints are getting there . the level would be ... makes sense . if istps really are the mechanics they are the fixers , the problem solvers . so you need clients or people that supply you with challenges . or if istps like estps are maybe even ... well maybe an anecdote might help . a fellow estj and i had a long conversation . i was open and honest and at the end asked if he got anything out of it . no ok np i got something out of it . ...  . is.a.game ok i think i got the message . my ti also helps me figure out the pointlessness of it all . yet i have something in me , probably ni or something else that is an idealistic ... pretty good description . how about doing that in laymen's terms ? i dare you ! ok first you are a girl . me is not being a girl no . but . i have had intense discussions with an intp isfp and estj . the latter was the most recent . what emerged was that after an hour of ... list ? i can do list . here list ist . 1 . infp are stupid idiots . 2 . infj are shifty bastards . i don't really mean that but when an enfp asked me what the difference was , that was what came out ... yeah , if the whole thing was productive and for the greater good also , that could be an added incentive and bonus , for the greater good . ;) just doing pointless exercises just for the heck of it , ... we believe , what we want to - it's called confirmation bias . is.a.game i don't know if you both read my post in full and now are just parroting me . but you seem to agree that fe is the motivational factor . for gauntlet by picking up get ... ok i see what you are getting at . so far i have only seen the pairing nise and tife as working together predominantly . it appears to me as if you think that se can feed into ti and ti deciding ... i actually do that too . know every angle of attack . sea yes that picture looks good as a girl / woman i think you have some more freedom to be just yourself in other words , women don't need to make sense all the time . i've tried that dance ... ok after watching some capsule music videos to get my ni se on # 1 . exhibit a , i played starbattle to become more like an estp or istp 2 . exhibit b , i succeded 3 . exhibit c , i had an interaction ... what else am i supposed to get at you ? ne si or si typical is the reliance on well what they'd call facts . at least that's what my istj father kinda confirmed . he likes facts . vs ... pretty much back , from the dead again . nackle 1 typical si ne . while true it's not the complete picture / beach to stay with my analogy . pandora true ni is not exactly imagination ... thanks this is one of the best answers i have ever gotten on perc . especially since you seem to be able to grasp what ni looks like for me . thanks again . actually nice clear expression on the fe ... back from the dead . thanks for the comment . since i'm curious . how did you determine i was a creative and literate person ? imaginative , imagination , images , pictures , a series of pictures , ... yes - fe - improve - by helping others , kinda like what an nf uses as an excuse to get into action bonus question : which nf is most similar to istp my theory so far . everybody has all 8 functions , just in a different order so everybody has ni i have identified ni as being what we call imagination i have contrasted ni to si as si being a ... yes ! just from pictures or that video . she looks like an nf to me . nfj most likely . maybe even infj . seen sure . could you not use your ti like a weapon to attack incoming data and eat your way forward like pac man ? '