' inseminated [ emoji 14 ] sent from my pixel xl using tapatalk that's an indication of ocpd . this tends to be manifest in entj who have an overactive se . as such , they focus more on minutiae , but in a way that seems very arbitrary to the outside observer ... patronizing , self-righteousness , e-n-f-j . :D sanctimonious is probably the best one . the first thing that came to my mind is candles . it sounds really strange , but inferior si has a subconscious draw to sensory-comfort related items . candles are a perfect item to tap into and ... another really good idea ... you could send packages to his house completely out of the blue to surprise him . if you want an entp to crush on you , you should make threads about understanding entp , be super smart and full of witty banter , and show us and tell us how we positively effect you . if your view is nuanced and you are a complex entity , then why did you choose to disclose superficial representations of yourself as a legitimacy for whom you would support , rather than divulge what ... they are adorable together he's likely entj . due to his narcissism , he has very little development in ni , and focuses instead on te and se to make inflammatory and provocative statements , intense and easy to anger . he acts ... there is nothing intrinsically good about the infj type . ni / fe has a propensity to desire a social affect on the individual's environment . the desired influence is based on the morality projected ... i was considering this same question just a few days ago . i see it as a bit subjective what our persona and real self is exactly . in a very technical sense , you could say that your real self is ... i think it's admirable to self-reflect and discover this side . since you have an external judgment function before your internal judgment function , it is natural to externalize feelings , and this ... my name is daleks exterminate . pretty sure he is an istp . you are too deep - said no intj ever . also , istp will have a very different concept of playfulness . you will prefer an emotional / intellectual playful , that he may not ... sounds like narcissistic pd , not just istp traits . doorslams definitely exist . it's se in action , and generally comes at a point when a person in the infjs life is seen as some sort of addiction / virus / disease that needs curing . when an addiction ... the way to beat your inferior se is indirectly . you will never beat it head on - it will always be a tug of war , where you think it's ok to indulge , become intensely obsessive , realize you are ... chronos lies sleeping immaculate tomb guarding youth's hegemony 581394 i believe what you are experiencing is not type related but rather , body chemical related . i would imagine that any type can experience moments of very intense emotions , if body chemicals spike hard ... you can't control the world around you ( completely ) . however , you can improve to work on how you react to the world . i see this as your ultimate salvation , both on the forums and elsewhere in life ! healing infj & infp inner wounds - personality type and personal growth | personality hacker take a shower , come out with a towel only . embrace him from behind , and slowly move so that the towel gradually loses its grip on your body and falls away . proceed to fuck . there is a third option - mistyping ;) lol also i never said anything about tidiness . i haven't known infj to be tidy much at all ... aside from cleaning binges here and there . tidiness is ... wait what ? are you sure you aren't talking about np types ? lol . i've noticed infjs to be pretty fastidious when it comes to cleanliness ... it's an fe and at times an se thing . but mostly fe . bad ... this , totally . i have had many head on situations with infjs , and it's horrible . haha . i think that when an infj removes the self from a conflict , it's probably them saying i know i won't ... are you sure it was the type , or the unavailability ? also , intps can be confused with istps easily , one of the most emotionally unavailable types . i don't want you . i want him . this to me is a very strange phrase . i have generally encountered people with fi using words like this , because the words reflect an intense scrutiny on the ... if you are a results based thinker , which you are , it says they are also unintelligent . but after truly understanding the present dynamic , the answer is that our specialization based society makes ... depends on your version of smart . if you consider having no empathy and being willing to con people at any cost smart , then he is it . conning doesn't require that much intelligence - it just ... 600,000 is pretty small ... you shouldn't see that much of a difference . especially since us cities tend to be more spread out . meetup is pretty good , so is perc . ;) well , i never ! * hmph * :P alot of these responses make me wonder how many of the supposed entps are actually estps . the biggest one is impulsiveness . i am mentally impulsive , and quickly jump from thought to thought , but ... it is primarily because the extraverted perceiving function is almost fully unconscious . si dominants also have ah-ha moments , but theirs come in the form of sudden fears of potential disasters ... most people are immune to words / understanding , and just pick up on emotional tones . this is trump's specialty , and something narcissists are masters of in general . the irony is that the family unit is as socialist as it gets . ne can bounce off itself , or just take in information from solitary activities . i don't need other people to do those things . when i socializing , it may be appeasing ne , but it's usually appeasing ... chances are that he became interested in something , and completely forgot about your conversation . i often find myself suddenly engrossed in a new thing , forgetting many old things in the process ... i have never found it to be the case that i need someone present to maintain interest . ne is an imaginitive function , just like ni , and therefore it can easily be even more interest provoking with a ... used go advanced to see the message more clearly . :D so many perc noobs :D :D i've been petitioning for tighter pillow control for decades ... and no one knew why until now . 448530 i don't think all infjs are overwhelmed by emotions . emotional dysregulation can afflict any personality type . metaphors will not be lost on an entp :P not sure about the ntjs . socionics only makes sense on people with an extreme version of their personality - someone very immature . most people have some balance and learned characteristics of all types , which is why ... i also relate to a wide swath of swiss built mechanical watches ; i thought i was the only one . oh come on now , professors can totally be crazy . ;) i want to join :D at least 7 ft for sure . the i resembles a tall slender letter , and the nfp nature is too noncombative to overcome the intrinsic , perpetual upshooting of the i . infp are certainly the tallest of ... this is interesting . this might be a case of every stick has two ends . perhaps instead of focusing on the lack of intimacy you are receiving , you could be more of a cheerleader to motivate ... league updates your true elo at the end of the day too , or when you log back in . :P '