' yeah , i suppose so . i built my current computer piece by piece and work in it . i'm starting to get interested in cars , but my focus has been on things like electromagnetism and chemistry as opposed ... just going to drop this link in here : world history : hyperhistory ( if you're confused , start by clicking ' history ' on the left panel ) admittedly , the above site is a bit dated looking . but when ... i dated one for a year and a half . we actually had a lot of personality based similarities , i guess both being ixxj . honestly , it ended badly , but that may be due to immaturity or just unhealthiness ... well ... i pretty much don't know any of you guys , but my vote is going to have to go to devoid because she usually has cool and / or interesting things to say . i do resonate with your idea . i think saying that i “ lack personal feelings ” actually is a good way to say it in a lot of ways , but out of context it makes me sound robotic . i think the key is ... my best friend is an intj . it's amazing to find someone on the same mental wavelength . he lives on the other side of the country now , and the distance sucks , but we're still really close . oddly enough this came out as a list of ten * shrug * in no particular order [ subject to change ] , my ideal woman : 1 . can speak with me about complexities , ideas , and the world . 2 ... too bad we can't update the poll in the future ... anyway , last person i dated was an istj . just didn't work out between me and her , but i can see the pair working . this outlines very well my recent relationship with a female istj . seriously , very accurate . i think it could have worked out in an alternate dimension . we were good for each other in a lot of ways ... tattoos are cool . i don't think all of them look very cool , but my opinion of someone else's tattoo is sort of irrelevant . piercings are ok . i don't have any though so i can't really comment . i ... yep . if i was one of these 16 types , it would be infj . i took my first mbti test about 3 years ago after i finished college . i scored intj first and felt it sounded a bit like me . after joining ... lmao ! i have the same opinion about eating ; little to no preference . i would prefer someone else made the decision so i can just think about something else . interesting that you comment about the ... intriguing . my ex has similar types of intrusive thoughts ; irrational fears of hurting people who are the closest to her . for her , it's ocd . medication has helped her to calm the symptoms so her day to day life ... off and on by that i mean i'm pretty relationship oriented . two heads are better than one : wink : . sadly , that would be too easy . pness simply shrivels up and desiccates after a while if you don't nourish it . you must hasten to save it now . procrastinate like you never have before ! procrastinate ... with pness , as with all things , if you don't use it you lose it . for the record , it's still worth watching the movie . although i agree with your general take on the movie , time travel is a very big theme . the ending mirrored an earlier scene in the movie . at that point in the movie , donnie had not met his girlfriend ... thanks for clearing that up . dude ... this thread is a sad spoiler to a great movie . also , the movie is about time travel ... i work in it as well . not a programmer at this point in time though i started to look into powershell ( not exactly scripting ) . i work as tech support doing anything from taking care of copiers , ... i definitely relate to your post . i try to tell the truth as much as possible , but if it means that someone will be uncomfortable it most likely won't leave my mouth . i care more about other people's ... tell them you have candy and cuddly animals . oh , wait ... greetings perc , i took a break from this forum and mbti for over a year now and have decided that i miss this place . a romantic relationship has come and gone in the span of that year and is the ... yeah , we're around . outside of work , i'm usually at my house playing music , reading , or on my computer . if you're hoping to catch me out of the house ... i don't really have any advice for you . i go ... honestly , i haven't had a career long enough to really know . that being said , i enjoy variety in tasks which makes me immediately say dynamic . i think i like the idea of stability , but too much of ... i studied biology at college and when i got out 2.5 years ago i couldn't find a job . demoralized by the prospect of going back to school only to come out jobless and in debt ( like many my age ) , i ... well , i definitely don't think it's the sole reason . i really just wanted to see if this resonates with anyone and , theoretically , what kind of growth potential the ' shadow guardian ' relationship ... coolness . i hope you don't mind me asking you a few follow up questions then . estp : do you find you two support each other where the other is weaker ? being that your functions are reversed , do you ... in fact , the discussion between you two was less off-topic than you might think . admittedly , in the op i stated that my relationship with my istj girlfriend is good . i believe that is what ... it's that time again ... since today ends in the letter'-y ' , it's time for some critical analysis : wink : . check out this link : http://tywi.wordpress.com/2012/11/13/the-shadow-guardian-theory/ it ’ s an ... istjs , i am currently in a relationship with a female istj . at this point , we're at the beginning and have been exclusively dating for about 2.5 months . so far it's going really well , but i can ... :p roud : these kinds of stories make me happy . i just wanted to thank you for posting it . i very rarely make the first move . it's just not something i usually do . i'm pretty shy , but i think it has more to do with what we humans tend ( and have ) to give one another . about a year or two ... namaste , perc . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8afTTFIwFrY for those that can't look away ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XW63UUthwSg oooh , cool . with respect to my artistic output , i usually try to make it accessable to a certain extent . i think i've always tried to do that so others will be able to ' pick up what i'm laying down ' ... i'd really like to have coffee with neil degrasse tyson . his enthusiasm is electrifying . bahaha ! your post immediately made me think of this song : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BPPtrqvHGEg yep . my goth phase lasted from the start of high school to the middle of college . it coincided with me listening to metal and exploring my own spiritual life path . i never did it to stand out , and ... i fear i am not going to be much help , but i want to respond anyway . i've always been more interested in who i'm hanging out with than what we're doing . i think the guys that have answered before me ... yes , it annoys me . let's be real though . this is a public forum that anyone can read . as participants in this forum , we are letting other people know what to expect when they meet someone of our ... well , it's impossible for one of us to know how he actually does feel about you . the fact that he spent an entire day and night with you , however , does say something though . to me , it says that he ... and so you ask me what i'm doing here holding up a lamp post flippin ' this quarter trying to make up my mind and if it's heads i'll go to tennessee , and tails i'll buy a drink if it lands on ... i've only known a small handful of entps and , truth be told , i haven't known any for a terribly long time . that being said , i feel like we blend pretty nicely in some ways . the ne dom is really a ... [ intro ] it seems that whenever a thread pops up about infjs and working , way more infjs than i would have expected say that they work in it , work heavily with computers , and / or work in some other ... hi jen ! * virtual hi - 5 from across the ocean * hope you enjoy your stay . i guess you could say that . my humor consists of a lot of irony in a dry sort of tonality . i think i just like to say jokes without actually making it obvious that it's a joke to see who's paying ... '