' i think pewdiepie is an isfp . introvert and lives in here and now . might be an istp . he acts like an extrovert in front of the camera , but he's sitting there alone so it affects his personality . i have mistyped as infp many times . but the thing that made me sure i am an isfp was auxiliary function . i didn't relate to ne descriptions as much i relate to se . still i tend to think my type a ... i posted a collage last year and my sense of style have changed a bit from what it was so i made a new collage . i prefer cardigans over hoodies and i don't like skinny jeans anymore . i still have ... there's some finnish music . if i'm honest , finnish music is really bad these days , mostly bad rap-music or pervert pop songs . only few musicians makes good songs .  ... this is one of the most beautiful songs i have ever heard , especially composition of it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Exdt3upYpqA 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? - i'm not sure am i infp or isfp , but i'm 100 % sure i'm fi-dominant . so i just can't figure out my auxiliary function . i can also ... 678778 purple is for deepness , yellow is for my happy , idealistic and imaginative side , grey is for my darker side and it also describes my invisibility in this world ( loner , wallflower ) when i was in school , i used to like baseball ( where i live we have our own version of it ) , badminton and swimming . but on these days , i enjoy yoga , skiing and ice-skating . but i don't have any ... the result was infp , and my type is infp . riverdale from netflix . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVwJ3PBr7WE this is really beautiful song myjazz do you mean my profile picture ? i haven't noticed that , but it's completely a coincidence : laughing : thank you to all of you for answering : smile : yes , actually i have been thinking isfp too . and i have also made research from enneagrams , 9 and 6 are the closest ones for me . 1 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... gender : f hair color : brown hair style : little bit over elbows , but i always keep ponytail eye shape : roundish almond eyes eye color : blue and little bit green / grey glasses : yes personal ... of course walking in nature + dark nights and evenings . i also like all autumn clothes ( hats , gloves and scarfs ( or scarves ? ) ) and cold days of course : kitteh : autumn is my favourite season . scenario 1 - you are home alone , it's dinner time , and you must decide how to feed yourself . what's your thought process and what is the most likely thing you end up doing ? - i should eat ... i didn't found any thread about this tv-series . have someone watched it ? let's guess their types . ( i don't want to try . i'm not that good at typing ) yes , thank you . i'm turning that i'm isfj . i'm always very careful what i write or say to people in email or face-to-face . i don't want to hurt others with my words . my brother is istp and he can ... hi ! okay , i don't know about infj , but it's possible too :) hi to you too ! istj is very accurate for me so far and so is isfj . i'm little bit confused from difference between thinking ... i can't edit last post , but i made a socionics test again with better time and i got eii - 2fi ( infj ) . i also made another mbti test . page is scottmunson.info and result was infp . preference clarity ... you're standing in line at your local supermarket , and some teen cuts in front of you . what would you think inwardly ? do outwardly ? - inwardly : what are you doing ? there's line . how stupid someone ... - i'm usually more listener even when i'm with people i know . i'm calm and say something if i feel that i have something to say or i want to correct something what someone just said . - i would like ... hi ! i answered to that questionnaire . personalitycafe.com/whats-my-personality-type/905634-asnwers-questionnaire.html#post30230210 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... te : 88 % si : 86 % ne : 80 % fe : 76 % se : 65 % fi : 64 % ni : 51 % ti : 40 % i don't know my personality type yet . i got : esfj extravert (8 8 % ) sensing ( 9 % ) feeling ( 6 % ) judging ( 6 % ) fi : i have strong sense what is right or wrong . ne : i see many sides in many situations and in people . si : i remember a lot of my past experiences very spesificly . te : i like order short , but ... thanks for answering too : happy : i'm not sure about infp . n is possible , i find both n and s qualities in me , but i think sensing is more accurate . i have never been good in theories or artistic , ... thanks for answering , and asking : happy : a ) i'm very shy , but i'm one of the most talkative person if i'm with my family or friends . but if i'm with strangers or big group of peoples i barely ... hello to you all ! what's the main difference between j and p ? i'm trying to find my type and i figured out that i'm isfx . my enneagram is 6w5 ( if that tells something ) . - i have always been ... this is what i would like to wear : 568986 this is what i actually wear : 568994 i like bright colours : happy : 1 . negative and complaining people 2 . fake people 3 . people who make drama from everything 4 . those 10-12 yrs old kids , who pretends to be big teenager or bad ass 5 . those people , who post ... 2 ] how does ni , se and fi work in you ? - i'm still studying cognitive functions so i'm not sure . 3 ] what is your behaviour when you are ill ( not mentally ) ? - i just lay in bed or sofa and sleep a ... first , when i made the test in april , i got infp . then i thought that i really was infp until in june , i made test again , i got isfp , i read about isfp , it seemed right , but then intp described me ... done . there's no one near me . i enjoy acoustic and folk music . i also like few rock songs and pop songs . i answered other because i don't have only one genre what i'm listening . i listen good songs and that's not depending from ... i have watched now almost all episodes . only three left , but it's good , very good . one of the best shows what i have seen : smile : i agree with you . and i want to say , that you don't have to change if you don't want to . do what you want and don't care what others say or think ( maybe it's going to be hard ) . that's what makes me ... i'm going to watch it . propably at this night , but let's see . i hope it's going to be good . at least a storyline sounds very interesting :) well , i have to say , that i have never been outside from my country . but finland is good for me and i think that other nfs too . i'm never going to move any other country . capital of finland , ... i like light purple and blue . orange and yellow are nice too . rain , because i love the sound what comes from an umbrella when raindrops hit it . and when it's sunny in summer , it's always too hot and i don't like sweating :D finnish is my fluent language . in school i studied english and swedish . i have studied little bit all of those in down below , but i can't speak any of it . sometimes i just got some kind of ... as an infp : - i don't like reading - i can make decision which is against my values - i'm not very artistic - i hate physical contact - lisa simpson ( infj ) - the simpsons - amélie pouláin ( infx ) - amélie - yoga jones ( ixfp ) - orange is the new black - elsa ( infj ? ) - frozen - rapunzel ( enfp ) - tangled - brook soso - ( enfp ) - ... i got infj . i need to make more research between infp and infj , because i'm still little bit unsure about my type . it was good test , i had some problems with excel because i don't have an official ... okay , i think that it is a stereotype that infps are crying babies of all types . i don't show my feelings , but i don't ingnore them either . i feel things very deeply and i somehow love it . i just ... hello you all ! i have read a lot of about cognitive functions and mbti stuff lately . i have also read about enneagrams . i know now that i'm propably infp or intp . my enneagram is 5w4 . there's the ... hello you all ! i have read a lot of about cognitive functions and mbti stuff lately . i have also read about enneagrams . i know now that i'm propably infp or intp . my enneagram is 5w4 . there's the ... '