' you hit my empathy button with that one . i worked in psych for over 10 years , and i have friends with autistic children . it's not a behavioral disorder , not classified anywhere near it , and is ... when busy , if nothing else i make it here to read this thread . funny stuff . no . i hate brown-nosing . make your compliments sincere or don't make them at all . syrupy empty praise disgusts me . do your job , do it well . ask for help when you need it , and go on your own when you ... i always remember who was there when i needed them and who wasn't , and go to great lengths for those who were , in both my loyalty and being reciprocal when they need someone . maybe you're right , ms . bossypants . i think seeing my friends bicker , accuse , fight , and sometimes just make up hateful things in the name of their candidate over the past few months has finally ... the trump people try to convince me that the world will end if i don't vote trump , the clinton people do the same . i don't want my grandchildren to grow up in the shadow of either of their little ... i distrust her as much as i do him , so i don't consider a vote for her the right thing . for many of us , we're now down to flipping a coin at the ballot box , if choosing one of the two popular ... my biggest concern about this man , which few of my conservative friends will even look at . the ones who have looked at it and have come to realize it now feel like they have no one to vote for at ... i see both our current popular two party candidates as a step toward the same-old of the past few decades , and i'm not even sure anymore if they are not somehow very connected . it's become like ... work games people play : there is a director of another department playing passive-aggressive head games with me and my department , which i don't play well and i call them out ( and when i do , it ... a ) tell them i'm not in love with them . b ) tell them i'm not sure if i'm in love with them or not ( or that i'm afraid i'm in love with them , if that's the case ) . c : tell them that my feelings are ... okay , i admit i've sang this one more than once while escaping , usually with the pedal to the metal . maybe i'm not always as nice about it as i claim to be . haha ... elistra i thought about you yesterday when i was stuck behind a truckload of pumpkins on i - 71 . hahahaha i have the talk and make it clear it is over . i try to leave the other person with some dignity , and why i am close to a lot of my ex's after many years ( the ones that i really liked as people but ... been there . power through it and the answers will come , one at a time . just know that you can and will carry through and it's an uphill battle that you're going to win . i think we are able to do ... oh , i hate that . no worries . worries ? when and why did worrying ( or lack of it ) end up as a standard social reply ? plus , it leaves that don't worry be happy song playing repetitively in my head ... i agree that most entj types are too forthright to be spending much time trolling . not our style . oh , and i forgot : when people say no problem instead of you're welcome when i thank them . was there ever a problem to begin with ? where did this no problem crapolla come from ? the first ... this made me laugh pretty hard . i have a slew of pictures on my cell phone from being stuck behind tractors , backhoes , etc . on my way to somewhere that have been posted to fb with comments like , ... pours a guinness . slainte ! and this is what we don't understand - the lack of drive when i was young , i thought like that because my goal was to have a family , a nice home , i . e . the country house with the picket fence and kids thing . so i've done that , then 28 years after it ... katniss in the hunger games . i was actively involved with the institute for justice regarding an attempted grab by a private business in cahoots with local government of a large farm in west virginia that had been owned by the ... lol , i know who you are voting for , and i agree . christ ! your arrows are not symmetrical . i don't want to hijack the thread with it , but on this line somewhere on the forum i have to tell you all about that predictive index i took at work , in which mine mirrored your above words . hmm , pet peeves : people messing up my neatly folded towels on the towel rack ( insert daughter visiting , and she does it on purpose because she thinks it's funny to irk me in this manner ) . ... depends . if i've determined my stress requires introspection , i float in the pool , ride around on my lawn tractor and take pictures of wildlife and wildflowers , get lost in a novel or make home ... go there and preach the virtues of modern medicine just for fun . i come to this part of our forum to laugh my arse off . actually , i'm a chocolate snob and there is a little shop in a nearby town that makes their chocolates from scratch . everything else tastes like diffuse wax to me since . yes ! ! ! this has gotten better , actually . i pretty much set the precedent of my boundaries while keeping things light , and i've cleaned up my department enough to gain some respect from the physicians now . ... i hate shopping ( feels like an annoying waste of good time , like a necessary evil ) and i'd give the shirt off my back to someone i felt really needed it ( i don't think of entjs as stingy at all with ... i think him telling you why he did what he did was the right thing to do , and at that point he's telling you to let go . i personally find someone intensely involved suddenly disappearing out of ... i don't think suffocating is a word ever used to describe my relationship style . in fact , the opposite , me going off doing my own thing , has been more problematic . the best relationship i've ever ... agreed . um , i seldom accept two concrete opposing possibilities as the viable option . welcome to the forum ! you are not the lone highlander . hahaha oh god help me , one of the physicians i am working with now has decided he is going to teach me to be more relaxed . i simply told him good luck with that , because no one has ever been successful ... i grew up riding , and i miss having horses . one of my big motivators is hanging onto my acreage , because i'm also a birder . i'm really into the vast array of bird types around my house ... i'm on my third german shepherd ( have had german shepherds for the last 30 + years ) , am really into working dogs , and have also had a beagle , a few stray mutts i took in . definitely a dog person . a vine ? you mean you watched a video of a murder ? when i saw the title of this thread , the first thing i thought was pull out a pistol and shoot the perpetrator . after the fact , as on a video , ... we have a thread for shit entjs say . after reading this , i think we need one for infps . everyone's body removes its waste unless they're in serious medical trouble . apparently common for our type . i was surprised when i joined facebook at several people from school that i hadn't seen for decades that friended me and then private messaged me that they remembered ... one that my employees picked up after hearing me say it about others pissing around that affects our department : i envision a fuzzy teddy bear hamster running as fast as it can on a hamster wheel , ... i agree with the innate urge to attain a goal , and i prefer the word tenacity than willpower in how i go about it . maybe when they're young . i encourage breaks and encourage refreshing oneself , then when the push comes to shove there is more loyalty from my employees to get a time-sensitive project done . when i ... '