' this is how i felt at first as well . a good read on management is harry wong . its not a very ni way of dealing with a classroom but with experience youll learn most kids need some semblance of sj in ... also , as an addendum to my post , i am very e at work . the originator requested infj commentary and while i am one , i act way more e there then i would in real life . hey , i have been waiting for this thread for awhile :) i'm an infj hs social studies teacher . my weaknesses would be a ) placing individual students needs over the classes in an attempt to save ... i have been accused of that , although i am an infj , have tested enfj before and act very e in the classroom setting . what you have doesnt sound like enfj teaching . a lot of it sounds very similar to my leadership style . might be a slight thread jack but most of the time i prefer being the xo or 2nd in charge in an organization moreso than being the public face ... 31,400 thanks for showing me this . i'm jealous of the person with 41,000 estimated . i need to start reading more :) lol , im so envious of 6-2 . i am 5-8 and 26 . i dream of a world where i can look down and not up at people ... it also hurts when it comes to leadership careers ... ever seen a short politician ? not ... me to my friend named joy last night on fb the other advent candles just texted me to say they you are the coolest of the four even by my own standards i was fairly proud about that one ... not completely reliable because of student discrepancy in answering pencil tests , sometimes they misunderstand questions bec of reading level and bec of the volatility of everything in high school . i ... i'm guilty of staring people down to try to pick them apart as well . one thing i tend to do the beginning of every semester is organize an classwork activity and take my students in the library start ... i have dieted for about 7 months and lost 55 pounds eating primarily popcorn , salads , and subs for most meals . i will take one day off from this routine and this usually finds me eating tons of ... about a month ago i posed the question of whether i was i or e and i tend to think now i am either an enfj or an ambivert from researching enfj characteristics . smoking cigs isnt a dealbreaker , ... i am going to be really lazy and ask the board if it is regular for enfj's to be type 2 enneagrams or not ? i have been reading some enneagram stuff tonight in a xth attempt to get something out of it ... i don't date very much because i see dating to date a waste of time . i have great friends who'd i'd prefer hanging with over a date with someone if i dont see much potential . in a relationship , or ... slight tangent here--im not sure if other xnfj's do this but when people are arguing politics or religion i sort of observe or add nothing but questions . if it is too heated i will walk away . this ... thanks for the link jawz . i can see myself in all those modes at various time . on the weekends im the enfj buddy and pal around with my college buddies or whomever is in town . at work , i go in ... i tend to think inside my head but i do not know what type of enneagram i am . i get a different result everytime i take one so i dont get much out of the enneagram . i don't get upset about being ... i find that alot of this applies to me . i do take myself way too seriously but i have built up a facade of relaxation and laidbackness so that is not offputting to people . i also have trouble ... i don't ever completely get immersed in the here and now of se as i understand it . there always seems to be the element of this is really cool ... because it links to a previous experience in x way ... i'm not sure whether i am an enfj yet or not . i don't think im an infj anymore . that being said--here goes - - i plan out my lessons so that there isnt leftover time but i do not feel the need to ... why would you say hiruzen is an enfj ? just curious i'd like to step into this old thread to ask a question . i think i am possibly enfj , although i'm not sure if i am that strong of an fe user . i tend to show emotions by example , instead of saying i'm ... yeah , i was an offline mbti user before i was an online mbti user so i didnt become an infj due to similarities with others . ive only maybe met one or two infj's ever before . what startled me was ... im not sure of my infjness anymore . i had an open question to the board a few weeks ago on whether i was an infj or enfj . the only thing im completely convinced i am is nf anymore . a lot of enfj ... lack of employment for people at the age 24-27 right now , or employment at full level in a job that fits the desired career . for me , when i get depressed , it is for lack of a serious relationship ... michael gambon plays a dumbledore with a much weaker and shakier n ... the classic books dumbledore has the genius streak n . any thoughts on hiruzen sarutobi ? even though i am much younger then him , i tend to identify him as the character i have the most in common with , so im curious what people think his type is ... ... i am guilty of this unfortunately 25682 pregame ! my hair's a little bit longer now and i have lost roughly ten more pounds ( 50 total since june 1 :) ) yes , although i dont have complete control over it . my control is much better then it used to be . i can cause myself to get moist eyes but can't do tears yet . interestingly enough i have worked more ... yeah , i have never tested as an enfj but get more and more slightly introverted all the time . aside from being more vocal , i am supposing enfj's like yourself are very similar in approach to infj's ? this puzzles me as well about truly strong e-types , just feel amazed that they seemingly dont have the need for an internal monologue or recharge time . i think i am an infj with strong fe . i just ... i have that same issue , with my glasses on , its not too bad . when i take them off though my gaze makes people uncomfortable . i have never knowingly gazed for a long time into an infj . i have had the ... this is my first new thread post so don't shoot me ! from observation here and how many of you are much more introverted then me , and from observation of myself and how i tend to enjoy social ... intelligence . well , i like what many here have posted about intelligence and application . importance must be given to application , but also growth . if one continually grows then everyday is better ... i agree with zomboy , i do not think the truly self-actualized person would ever grade out perfect , at least in my concept of the word . although a certain level of contentedness is needed in maslows ... i'd like a florida key , to myself . if you like relaxing and you arent annoying , you can join me on my florida key . if i was this guy , i would be wounded knowing that you have your doubts . im kinda like the patrick swayze character in ghost . the girl / family member will say i love you and all they get out of me is ... like was posted above . if i know you well it is great and i'll laugh right along . if it is something personal or i dont know you well then it annoys me . i try to accept teasing though and even if it ... i think triads can be sustainable just like 1:1 relationships of any sort they just need care . from reading your posts you seem to be a more mature infj then some . as far as the dynamics of that ... i can agree with most of what has been written so far . i think one of my greatest success points as a teacher is that i act the way i would around close friends in the classroom , crazy , random ... please post it , this is a great topic and i liked your first post in it ... i personally have never been a huge elves fan . they are stuck up to me . the noldor screw up the first age in the simarillion , in the second age they screw around making rings , and in the third age ... i dont think anyone reading elrond could see an nf personality type . he seems an sj or nt to me so does glorfindel . legolas seems a classic sp , especially in the movies . if any race of middle earth ... me too ! or the 3rd hokage from naruto , or obi wan kenobi from star wars . notice a trend lol ? i think so ... i am 26 . 24157 well my house at the beach lost some siding but its okay . i had a lot of friends who got flooded and lost everything , lots of trees down and power is out most places . in eastern nc the second half is ... yes , but ive learned to watch it bec people can be sensitive to even harmless stuff . hms surprise--third in the master and commander series by patrick o'brian alcohol moderately , with friends after dinner or at house parties . enjoy an occasional cigar and really like pipe tobacco because it is cheaper then cigars . cigarrettes are nasty tasting and ... '