' luckily for me , my brother is an intp which is the next best thing , in my opinion . as for meeting another intj female , i'm not even sure i'd recognize her if she were right in front of me even though ... so , the general consensus is that homework sucks because it's a boring waste of time ? i don't get it . i never even thought of homework as anything more than extended learning that one did to ... i never had anything against doing homework in elementary school , high school or college . i've always liked the process of setting up a nice clean space and putting my work into groups and slowly ... hmmm ... i dunno , i like cats . i've always liked cats , but that probably has something to do with homeward bound . named my first cat sassy and everything . i have two cats currently ... cinnamon and ... my initial response is to say that everyone has the right to choose suicide in the event of terminal illness ( or otherwise ) . i've yet to find a reason to feel any differently about that . i don't ... i haven't seen your average ad on the internet ever since installing chrome and adblock . perhaps that's one of the reasons why seeing ads in rl is more aggravating than usual . i've never seen it , but i'm always on the lookout for brilliant british programs . grammar and spelling seem to be dying out all over the place . as for news and journalism as a form of media that's controlled by a select few for the purpose of basically advertising whatever they ... the faces had me bursting . hahah , yes . yes . what is this i don't even ? hahaha .. please correct me if i'm wrong , but are you saying that there will come a day in which i accept my sadistic desire to manipulate the masses ... i loved the idea behind [ evanescence ] sending out that message . i enjoyed that song growing up , but when i listened to it , it made me angry . i think that's what i'm getting at ... i've never seen that ad before , but it's definitely an interesting take on selling chocolate . if i saw that on tv without knowing anything about it , i'd probably be glued to the tv with an ... i struggle with the news . i can get over the ads on television to an extent , but i admit to truly struggling with the news . i laid into my mother when she wouldn't turn off cnn after the shooting in ... hmm ... perhaps you're right about the first bit ... fake altruism . however , i suppose it'd be rather difficult to influence people if you chose to be honest about how little you actually care . as ... i'm not sure whether or not this topic was posted in the right area of the forum , or if people just find my question to be confusing or boring , which is fine , but ... after i posted this , all i could ... greetings . how do you feel , or more importantly , what do you think about advertising ? does it annoy you ? what i'm referring to here is product placement , but feel free to broaden the specific ... shit . my bad . i missed your response ... you don't feel you have a disorder then . well , there's nothing wrong with relating with intjs ... especially after being abused , i'd say . i think it's only ... i take it this is the particular question that you're seeking advice about ? how to keep your newly discovered intj self from fading away completely , but how to keep her from being the default ... being a tool fan , i try not to concern myself too deeply about the meaning behind lyrics . i just take it all in as part of the music . if it speaks to you , that's great . it makes sense to something ... it's funny you should say that ... as i've been reading through this thread for the past while trying to fight off a growing urge to respond to the idea of insensitivity = immaturity . obviously intjs ... : you must be a real hit with the ladies . * sips i can see things going very well for you . this thread has officially gone off the rails . thanks for all the warm welcomes everyone . i'll ... lol i have to admit , reading this made me tense up a bit . thank you for the incredible post , elaborating , and sharing your presumed type with me . ' ppreciate it fo sho . ick . i tried ... nice to meet you . you absolutely may take my order . coffee , black . causin ' a ruckus already , eh ? haha ... joking . i recently started a thread about mbti and its validity ( a topic that's been talked into its grave , probably ) so i can relate to feelings of doubt ... greetings and welcome , yuenan . i'm sure you'll enjoy your time here ... everyone's chill and interesting as far as i can tell . who am i to say though , i've only been here for like two days . haha ... rockin ' a mad ' stache and an inquisitive unibrow ... gotta love it . thank you , thank you . kiwi i don't know much if anything about enfps , but you've got me curious . just might have to take you up on your offer . damn it , formatting in these ... yeah hey arnold ! is great . i recently re-watched the series on netflix ... helga on the couch is my favourite episode . i love how thoughtful the show is for being a cartoon . that was precisely what was concerning me . 16 types for upwards of 7 billion people is dubious . i really like the method you've come up with though - embracing , in detail , the aspects of ... i'm excited to read what you've posted here ... i'm going to print it out , go through it & respond afterward . thanks . ah , i understand . thank you for saying this ... i hadn't considered it from this pov . however , i suppose it's not uncommon to believe in something until it becomes true for you . if a woman can think ... just thought i'd pop in and thank everyone for their simple yet meaningful answers . i can't seem to wrap my head around the idea of cheating on a personality test to end up with a favourable ... hahaha . i would hope it wouldn't take that long . i can just imagine sort of sitting there , poking someone for the longest time , completely having forgotten about them . i don't know why but that image ... i agree with this . i think it's best to expose yourself to an intj and just sort of hope for the best . if they're actually worth your time and interest , they'll at least try to understand where ... i'm sure there have been loads of debates on whether or not the famous myers-briggs test is worth its weight in gold , but i'm not intending for this to become a nasty argument or anything ... love the ricky gervais show ... karl pilkington is hilarious . more recently though , i found the bbc sherlock series to be quite funny at times . my sense of humour is rather like my attempts at baking ... i'm with lilysocks when it comes to knowing little to nothing about personality types differing from my own , but i was excited to learn that my brother is an intp . he is the person i am the most ... we were required to take this love language assessment where i work ( along with disc ) and i'm also an intj who's primary love language is quality time . my brother is an intp with the same pll . nice to meet you , timoteo . my brother is an intp currently in college for computer programming . i've never been all that great with forums , but i've had a decent time so far . hope that you can share ... greetings and welcome , skullfracture . hope that you find what you're looking for in the forums , and enjoy your stay . :) ( and don't worry ... you don't come across as egotistical with that vocal ... : thanks for the welcome , and welcome yourself ! i'm going to immediately go and learn all that i can about infps so that i can imagine what that'd be like . timoteo : firstly , awesome ... i love that you've said this . i like to just be around people as well ... without having to interact all that much . just to sort of enjoy the energy of other people is nice . my office co-worker says ... i have never dated just to date . something about that just doesn't sit right with me . i've tried the online thing , but i can't seem to wrap my head around that either . i have a tendency to put far ... entering into any kind of relationship be it a friendship or romantic partnership is very difficult for me . as for romance specifically , i think that physical attraction and intellect are two general ... thank you for the warm welcome , and for the interesting avatar image . ' ppreciate it . i don't believe that intjs have an ' extreme aversion ' to discussions about relationship issues so long as there is truly something to be reconciled . however , i do think that intjs have a fair ... thanks for the welcome , fellow intj ... canadian to boot ! [ if you don't mind a bad pun ] haha . good evening everyone , i'd like to take this small opportunity to introduce myself to the community . please bear with me . i find things like this to be painfully awkward both on / offline . you ... '