' i have a few thoughts that aren't related in any way or oragnised in any particular fashion : i saw a post on tumblr that suggested that if a tomato is a fruit then ketchup is a jam . i also ... dear quoted entj , i am glad that you and the enfp are on good terms . at the end of the day , that's why i raised the points i did . and if i managed to facilitate your discussion , all the better ... it appears as though i've stepped over the line . when i typed my second post , for some reason the images were still attached of your conversation and i couldn't see any visible difference between ... this is my cubicle . there are many others like it , but this one is mine . i appreciate that you have , despite initially lying in this post , edited the first post to protect her ' anonymity ' . i also suspect that you are well aware that i am not simply referring to her ... have you liaised with her to confirm or deny that you are broadcasting your conversation on a public forum or are you leading her on in the reasonable belief that it's confidential ? no true australian will correct you for saying straya : ^ ) i relate to this a lot ... i felt like i swallowed a huge amount of creativity due to the fear of not being normal during high school ( my entj friend also said that he experienced this ) . i remembered ... i'm not so sure about how infp-entx family relationships work although i have an entp and 2 good entj friends . whilst we are very different in terms of attitudes , i get on quite well with them . entxs ... i've been researching some of the semi precious stones that i have collected over the years and it's enthralling to know what each one represents . they also have certain healing properties although i ... you drove off that burning bridge into the cool whirlpool of misanthropy . i heard only the echo of the crackle but i dove in anyway , and listened openly to the projections of your obsidian heart ... i find it really strange that one of my hands is essentially useless in most situations ... it would be really cool to be properly ambidextrous . not for any particular reason or the fear of being ... i actually really appreciate this - thank you ! i haven't told anyone about how i feel so i'm a little stressed and ultimately worried that i'm doing things wrong since it's a new experience for me ... i'm really in two minds about trying to make friends at university and joining up to clubs . on the one hand , i'm fully aware that the easiest time to make new friends is very early on because that's ... the meaning of life is : the condition that distinguishes animals and plants from inorganic matter , including the capacity for growth , reproduction , functional activity , and continual change ... so today i bumped into someone who bullied me for a few years in primary school . i'm legitimately happy to say that he actually seems pretty cool nowadays . there wasn't any animosity between us at ... it's monarch butterfly mating season here ! there are a few of them fluttering around the place but i only managed to get pictures of one couple ; - ; after mating , they hang together for up to 16 ... in the ~ 3 months i've been on here , i can only think of 4 times that i've even been remotely offended or put off by someone's post . of those 4 times , only 1 has been an infp ( who has since been ... my dad is an intj and he's pretty darn awesome . he's the solid voice of reason in our household and has a wonderful way with puns ( which i really do enjoy ) . although he isn't very good with verbally ... let me clarify - you don't seem human . captcha : completely automated public turing test to tell computers and humans apart only humans pass the test . sometimes i wish perc required everyone to complete a captcha before posting . even though i had no idea what was going on , i seriously enjoyed that video ! and wow , it really does fit ! aww thanks <3 hey , i'm now 18 ! i can do all of the things i never wanted to do such as grow up and purchase alcohol - all within the constraints of the law ! to celebrate such an auspicious event , i decided to ... just incase you haven't found it yet , it's here :) i like the idea of moral relativism to the extent that it helps us be more tolerable with the actions with others . i believe that humans are ultimately ' good ' and that the ' bad ' in the world needs ... you're quite right ! seeing unique species is definitely one of the best things about travelling . i don't think i've ever seen a woodpecker or a hummingbird , even when i've been overseas . it's strange ... ah now i want to go birdwatching ! unfortunately , we don't get hummingbirds in australia . from pictures they seem really awesome though . the nuthatches sound adorable ! bird antics are the best kind of ... yep ! i'm a south aussie ! if someone is painting a sign for a fish and chips shop , someone could say that they need more space between fish and and and and and chips . i only just remembered that just then . on an ... i can't say that i know exactly how your brother feels , but i too have been depressed . much like your brother , all i wanted to do was play games . it gave me a sense of gratification and provided some ... apparently the tongue's resting place differs based on what the speaker's first language is . english speakers ( i'm not sure if it's all english speakers or just a tendency ) rest their tongues on the ... i helped my brother put together some furniture for his start up business today which was a lot of fun . we put his desk together so poorly that it's laughable . 100 % functional , but dodgy if you look ... i'm sure there are plenty of ways to rationalise this pattern . even if there is some truman-esque show out there , i'm at least 110 % sure that everyone would've given up watching by now ( unless i'm a ... it depends on the year in which a person is born . as you correctly asserted , ' baby boomers ' are the oldest of those you listed and ' z ' are the youngest . the exact demarcations honestly depend on who ... i find it curious how i always meet my best friends on orientation days . the first person i have a conversation with in the room always becomes a really good friend of mine - it's strange . i don't ... gah i'm too afraid to grow a beard :/ seriously though , those glasses are amazing ! that's a good question , actually . i seem to recall that it is actually an average ( as the length of a day does vacillate at least slightly ) even though we measure it as being exactly 24 hours for ... http://i.imgur.com/QFyNhmX.jpg jokes aside , i'm 17 metric tree rings young . this . this so much . i absolutely love late night drives around the city or early morning walks . there's just something so magical about a place that isn't being used as much as it's designed for , ... my dad , being a lecturer , has adopted this phrase . the issue is that with the type of machinery his students use , they could seriously hurt themselves and might need urgent medical attention . in his ... you reminded me of this hehe https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oNBS1PpouTA i would really like to design my own shipping container home . when i visited christchurch , i was fixated with their simple ingenuity in making shopping plazas out of them ( after the earthquake of ... egalitarian . i definitely think that the world would miss infjs . i seriously admire the way that my infj friend carries herself . she's been through a lot of hardships recently and yet she's as determined as ever ... i have facebook , skype , steam , tumblr , yik yak and snapchat . i'm pretty passive on facebook in terms of commenting or posting , but i check it quite a lot because it's convenient for communication ... i tend to move my hand up to the opposite side near my collarbone sort of like an elevation sling . while i don't really get breathless , my speech becomes flighty and i struggle to keep eye contact ... genius | annotate the world - a really awesome wiki for annotating pretty much everything ( although mostly song lyrics ) . it's really useful for understanding songs and it's also a lot of fun to add ... hey , i managed to pass year 12 ! i didn't quite do as well as i had hoped but my score was high enough for me to do any of the courses i'm considering at the university of my choice ( which i suppose ... i'm not quite sure how i feel about receiving my end of year 12 results in a few hours ... i know i can't change them now but knowing that doesn't help at all and i can't sleep because of it ... '