' k this sounds really out there but meditation can be really helpful . ever since i started meditating for 20mins twice a day and i have been less depressed , more clear-minded , and more energetic ever ... one of my closest friends is estj ... love her lots ! they are fun and i always feel like i can be myself around her . i like people who take control . she is inpiringly confident and easy to be ... the ginger ? seems more like enfp to me but funny congrats ! thats amazing i think our awesome imagination + the awesomness of nature = the perfect adventure i have always had a passion for nature and great sense of adventure . when i was little my infp friend and i ... yes ! i think as idealist we almost have to believe in love , it is the ultimate ideal . i love my friends , i love my family , i have even loved old boyfriends , but i have never really been in love . ... i'm afraid of those things too . but my biggest fear ( i have never told this to anyone before ) is that i will lose myself to mental illness . i used to be such a whole and wonderful person but i ... i am drawn to how passionate and intense they are . i wish i had that kind of drive . i don't think i could ever handle dating one though ... well maybe . i wonder what that would be like . i feel ... all of this is probably the most useful thing i have ever done online . thanks everyone ! this was actually extremely helpful . wow , this was incredibly helpful thank you . i'm so scared to make myself vulnerable . eeep . well here we go , wish me luck and good luck to all who struggle with vulnerability and would like to change ... do you ever struggle with maintaining or establishing emotional connections with others ? i know it is supposed to be our specialty or something but sometimes i tend to drift away from people . what ... no , actually , you sound a lot like me . are you leaning towards t ? i'm right between , i guess it make for a little less empathy and a little more critical thinking . also i have no idea what it is ... i admit it ... i am so lazy i wish to change it though , and i totally agree with the idea that it stems from lack of motivation don't fear it , don't seek it out , and don't over think it because no one really knows what happens , just respect it and focus on live while you're alive guilty . it's awful because i am also completely capable of convincing myself that i am in love with people i have only met once or twice after some heavy duty lurking . if i never talk to them again ... there is every reason :) if you're lackin the love just spread some and it will come back to you guaranteed . never take anything too seriously . do something that make you happy . eat an avacado , ... i lied to someone who did not deserve to be lied to . i am still afraid to tell the truth . again . this stops now . you are my best friend and i used to think you brought out the best in me . i love how fun you are , i love how comfortable i feel around you , i love everything we do together . i know you really care ... - when stopping to smell the roses is something that comes quite naturally to you - when you read books for the sake of reading , not to analyze and criticize - when your room looks like a pretty ... if you're like me a cup of tea doesn't do much alone ... though i do love it ! i usually go sit on my roof or just generally get away from people , because usually it's people that make me feel that ... so . long . o__o haha i guess whatever you relate to the most is what really matters . we are all different people some might apply more to different people depending on their levels of each category ... i made this a while ago with my childhood friend and i believe fellow infp . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cNkO8PnT7jA nostalgic - i love you signature ! that's my favorite poem ehem * * i am 16 going on 17 ... me too , more than you can imagine . lets run away with huck finn and tom sawyer to narnia ! i am the one who loves to be with friends but often needs to be alone . i am the one who doesn't care about the size of of my house , but who wants a huge backyard to dream in and play in , even when ... dumbledore :) though i'm not as brave as any of those characters say anything the breakfast club yayy 80 ' s movies :) whatever you like ! i may not be the best to speak her because i am right in between t and f ( but still leaning f ) , but i love biology and chemistry . both would make for realistic job opportunities ... a man can believe in anything and he has the courage to know when he is right and stand up for what he believes in but also to admit when he is wrong . a man treats a women with gentle respect and ... yes ... but in a way i think everyone is , infps just take it to the extreme i know him too well he is dark and handsome and picks me violets and dandilions in my dreams , too bad its only a dream modest mouse :) i cry every time i hear ocean breathes salty when i stop thinking of all others as anything more than platonic friends . it comes at random and not very often , usually in creative pieces when puting together the final touches i become a perfectionist . my first job was making sandwiches it was hot and smelly but i loved all the old ladies i completely agree . let's move to spain where they all get siestas . i agree . i am currently taking an anthropology class and it is very interesting . i live in hawaii and believe it or not there are lots of jobs for anthropologists here , mostly archeologists which ... what is your dreams job ? what about your real job ( if you have one ) ? i'm infp i think but very borderline to intp and looking into careers . suggestions ? what is your dreams job ? what about your real job ( if you have one ) ? i'm infp i think but very borderline to intp and looking into careers . suggestions ? haha oh , ok i should have known when i saw the neuroscience book bit : crazy : haha ok buddy . are you being serious ? i honestly can't tell . if you are then i'm sorry you got the impression that we think ourselves to be better than everyone else . we are just poking fun ... hai im not an infp anb i type lyk dis lets hook up with a randum stranger sum tym and have a threesome , then we can get ahead on all our work for nasa so we c @n have some time to host a raging ... i think there is a big difference b / w believing in god and being religious and it is a disction that must be made . the point is that the belief in a god is something pure and to be cherished , yet ... thank all of you guys so much ! i think the biggest thing i got from this thread is that i am helping her in some way just by doing what i am doing . i know it sounds weird . sometimes when she is so ... gatsby ! he has to be infj . but guys , never go for a daisy , she just ain't worth it . so i have this friend who i think is is infj ( possibly isfj ) and she has been really down recently . the problem is she never really opens up to me and when she does she doesn't listen to what i have ... i just came across this amazing video . it is for anyone who who has ever doubted that they are beautiful aka the whole world so .. everyone watch this right now youtube - let's talk about body ... wow , they say inpf are usually calm and sweet except for the rare occasion when their morals get stepped on . calls us psycho sluts and bam a whole thread of usually peaceful infps gone wild . this ... my best friend ( entj ) and her boyfriend ( infp ) make the cutest couple ever . she brings out the best in him and he gives her all the love and support she needs without being a jerk ( something most ... this is not about you anymore . we are not attacking you , we are defending ourselves . when you come onto a board full of infp women and basically generalize us as deluded little whores , why the fuck ... '