' younger of 2 . infp . older sister also happens to be infp . i'm enneagram 4 , she tested as 5 but i'm not fully convinced , i could buy it though . i'm way too attached to my emotions , to the point where i remember and examine every nuance of them . and i wanna feel like i used to feel . i want that back . give it back to me ! i'm self-aware enough ... i'm very sad lately . all the time there is an underlying sadness . i don't know where it comes from ( i feel like it has sorta kinda always been there , but it was either repressed for a while or i was ... exactly . we are not just one thing . the enneagram is an indication more than anything , it's not a rule or a limitation by any means . ( i feel like a 4 with a strong 9 in my tritype ) my infp sister said as a small kid : i only like animals . not humans . another one was when my mother ( tested as an isfj but i'm not fully convinced ) said to her eat with care ( in my native ... i can see no reason that suggests otherwise . i've been thinking a lot about this lately . i think i literally am misunderstood ( not always of course ) . i've even had people tell me that i'm hard to understand or that they don't really get me . it ... ahh the tritype test , haha . i've taken it a few times . i probably take personality tests too often lol , it gets confusing and i start to overthink the ( differing ) results . i tend to find the ... just for the record , i've seen other e4s explore here that maybe it's not the core motivation for all fours . i certainly relate much more to being authentic than unique . it may be similar but in my ... ni stare in that avatar . don't see why not ~ this confuses me too . i always ( well , 90 % of the time ) come out as a 4 in tests and there are certainly things i really relate to about it , but that damn longs to be unique thing as a core ... wow this is very personal but i thought i'd contribute because it isn't often i try to sum up my feelings about being in a low state . what are you like at your worst / disintegration ? i become ... well i already know you're 4w5 , but if i was to literally just type according to the avatar , i'd go something like 2w3 ( achieving through love / loving through achievement , the heart being of course ... don't see why not ! i guessed ni even before seeing the infj tag - the avatar reminds me of the internal processes of ni :) ni ! evurr any luck since ? have you figured out your wing ? some of what you've posted seems a bit more like 9 than 4 , but i don't know you and i certainly am aware that you are not defined by a number ... when it comes to things like shopping for ... well , anything , then i'm actually pretty decisive and quick . it didn't used to be the case , but these days , something always tends to jump out quite ... the first thing i thought of was my most recent birthday present to my sister which was a playlist of 38 songs i was loving at the time . she lives abroad so i don't always see her on every birthday ... i can totally hear an enfj going i'm telling you ! : tongue : i do notice myself writing with that being said ... a lot ! when i was a kid , i was extremely easily offended . i was over-emotional and hypersensitive and every little slight would get under my nerves and hit me in the gut . then came a time where i was much ... was going to create a new thread for this topic , but just found this old one so thought i'd bump it instead . mine are probably as follows ( both giving and receiving ): 1 . quality time this is ... i am an aries sun with a scorpio moon : 3 my aries qualities may be a little bit repressed though ... you'd think i was a pisces sometimes ( and i don't even have any planets in that sign ) . and the way ... i suppose an easy one to start off with is ( if you can't already tell , that is ): would you say you're more of an introvert or an extrovert ? this would be a way to start exploring whether the ... yeah :/ sometimes when i'm frustrated or angry , i start seeing things in very black and white terms , which is usually not me , so when i argue with someone in that state , i say things i normally ... yeah when i was a kid , i used to try to create a couple of languages just for fun . i didn't get very far , just kinda created the alphabet , a few words and probably a few grammar rules as well . it's ... 691986 that whole music video speaks to me and my infp-ish inner world somehow . x oh gosh , i used to have this problem when i was younger ! i think people were kinda annoyed at me for this when i was watching movies with them , especially when every few minutes i was like who's ... aw i want to hug you <3 this particular example seems cute and it's innocent enough , it made me smile because it didn't strike me as something that would seem completely utterly awkward - unless ... i don't see why not . ( idk if an interest in the enneagram is there at all , but good luck figuring out that as well if you haven't already ) i used to be horrible at math in school ( just couldn't grasp it ) but as the years went by , something started to click more and get easier . i guess it depended on the level i was doing it at - i was ... i'm going to answer this enneagrammatically ( what a word ! ) because that's what was sparked in my head . despite my in a lot of ways justified inability to let go of my 4w5 label , i still sometimes ... this makes me feel so bad as well . i'd like to think i'm a good listener , but i don't always remember details about other people's lives . it's like i have to repeat it to myself or something xd - - ... i've thought about this a lot lately and .. i don't think i idealize people much . i don't think it's such a good idea . i've sometimes felt that certain people in my life have idealized me , and one of ... tbh i can't find it but i think it was basically saying that there is doubt about whether a whole personality type can be constructed around the isfp qualities etc . i kinda wish i hadn't asked this ... i feel the same way . i don't go out of my way to avoid situations where people from different places can't mix , but it does make me feel somewhat uncomfortable . i'm different in different situations ... hi isfps , are you into ' hip ' trends ? do you consciously follow them or is it just like a habit of your personality to naturally pick them up ? also , i read somewhere about there being a debate ... it's kind of a tricky thing - one wants to share and express , but at the same time you're conscious of others finding out things you'd rather they didn't know . it's really all about choice . i'm ... as an infp ( or any other type , really ) , how forgetful are you ? do you find that there is a correlation between the things you value / hold dear , and remembering things vividly ? are you likely to ... one real-life friend knows , that's it . i'm not sure why i told him . i guess i used to get a kick out of speaking typology with him ( despite him not being interested in it so it's kinda weird ) so i ... i think i have noticed / read that infps look or seem younger than they are . i can think of some examples , let's see , um , me , my sister , björk ( if she is an infp , i think she probably is ) ... i think ... i have so many feels about planning and such . on the one hand , i'm so perceiver-ish in that i want to just go with the flow and it's my natural inclination to do that , but on the other hand , ffs , i ... my mommy says i'm oversensitive : blushed : sometimes when i read about them , i forget that i am one and just go aww i love them : tongue : i recently read someone say that it probably feels better to know an infp than to be one , i agreed with ... i sort of agree with the op about the way i will occasionally step into a situation ( which may have nothing to do with me ) because the behaviour of people is eating away at me and i feel a need to ... enneagram 9 ? :) it's natural actually . i think it's useful to have a proper outlet ( creating art , therapy etc . ) for all emotional expressions so that there would be less explosions of this kind . i ... - in what ways do you act and / or feel introverted ? one way i can tell that i lean more towards introverted , is that i'm more concerned with my own thoughts / feelings / other aspects of my internal ... another voi-s result here . interesting ! visionary 75 % observant 67 % introverted 70 % it does . it's where people ( mostly infps and 9s on the enneagram ) go to check themselves out of reality , of cruelty , of conflict , of pain , stand on top of the most beautiful mountain , look up at the ... '