i have considered myself an estp for a while , but every time i actually think about my type i have doubts . i just need some outside opinions to clear my head . what i do know : i am definitely an ... if someone has a solid business plan / idea or is a talent prodigy with ridiculous potential it makes sense to drop out of college as it is only holding them back . despite what all your childhood ... yeah file as independent for a year and establish residency . fasfa will cover almost all of it if you're on your own in the government's eyes . also , you don't need a writing related degree to be a ... the best motivation is a deadline in 20 mins . yeah , i know he has a hell of a rep but i am curious about the theory . basically the idea that if you lead with a t or f function you're type a and if you lead with a s or n function you're type b ... what are your career goals and what year are you ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ir14V0u1K1E you write like an esfp i know . estj , istp , entj , entp http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3v98CPXNiSk yeah , people that don't swear talk like ned flanders . makes me wanna kick em in the kididdlehopper . got it down ! i just look at the essay assignment , watch a couple youtube videos on it , look through sparknotes , and i'm good to go . i've written 4 a + essays based 90 % on youtube research so far , its ... appreciate the feedback guys . i got my paycheck and found out i worked 68 hours last week ... that doesn't help with 16 credit hours . the bit about working smarter not harder hit home . i don't ... so i just started my 5th semester of college . i am doing it online as i just moved cross country but thought it would be easier to stay at the same school . man does it suck . i spend every waking ... i used to be in aviation too ! i grew up working as a line rat through high school then worked in a couple other aviation jobs . i have my private pilot but ran out of money to go further . now i'm ... 63 % estp 14 % estj 8 % entp 4 % entj 2 % esfp super legit test . i went through it a few times just to skip questions and see what else popped up . i almost always got the ... yooo eat and sleep . i usually run the tv for background noise and waste a little time on the interwebs ... being at home after work is way more draining to me than actually working . we both speak english ... but not the same language . yeah i'm the same way ! i feel dead if i'm not working toward some big goal . i could spend an entire day working out or partying with friends and not feel productive unless i make some sort of ... good call . thanks . the stereotype is that estps never think ahead , but i have been plotting my career since i was a little kid . i know everything about my career field and started working in it when i was 16 . planned ... esfj's all the way . disclaimer : this has probably been brought up before but i searched and didn't find anything . anyway , what do you guys think of this article ? cognitive functions and type dynamics - a failed ... i have good intentions ... sometimes i do bad things before running it by my intentions for review , but that's a different story . female esfj's ... just wait for them to offer you a cookie . this . online classes ( or any independent work ) suck without music , tv , conversation , something going on . i hate silence unless i'm tired . that ted talk was great . i have been thinking something similar . it seems that there are so many different aspects , subtypes , quirks with each personality type that you start blurring the lines of ... well that explains why ' mercans don't play it . this could not be more true ! i am job searching in a new city right now ... don't know what i would do without the contacts i have . effin love economics actualized type : estj ( who you are ) extroverted ( e ) 60 % introverted ( i ) 40 % sensing ( s ) 60.61 % intuitive ( n ) 39.39 % thinking ( t ) ... i could see this for ps . i have heard that the main difference between ixtjs and extjs is the amount of energy they have to put into their work . i know a couple estjs that are very forceful and ... man , the thing about softball / baseball is that there is so much time doing nothing ! football ftw , even if you don't touch the ball you get to tackle someone . food is awesome ! but i have weird food sensitivities that ruin all the fun , especially socially . so not eating would make life way easier . maybe it's basketball . i can pick up almost any sport in 10 minutes but still suck at basketball after years of trying . there's just something about that damn sport . i'm with op , e and t for sure . i can pass for any extx depending on my mood . i meant that only relating to why i like math ... math has one and only one right answer which makes it easy . i learned realll quick to fall in line with what other teachers want . after all , grades ... math below the calc level is pretty easy for me , and it's awesome because it is objective . you can't fail the class just because your prof doesn't see eye to eye . seems to be a trend that estp's ... anyone watch this show before it got cancelled ? i thought it was pretty lame at first but got hooked and ended up watching all three seasons . here's my take . moran - istp thad - estx sammy - esfj ? ... its a good thing , they are more interested in listening to what you want . t shirts , sometimes a button up or polo . jeans or cargo shorts . nikes ... boots if its really snowy . first post here but i have been lurking since i took an interest in mbti a few months ago . figured i should actually join . after a little bit of bouncing back and forth i'm pretty sure i'm istp ...