' capturing an entps interest , and holding it are two separate skill sets . i'm going to give advice below , and this advice below is to infjs that are interested in securing a high mate value entp ... i live in phoenix , az . but i'm moving to portland , or in three weeks . for me , it largely depends on the nature of the cheating . i require a lot from people , emotionally . the emotional investment is the most important thing . i need to feel special . if my partner ... i can speak to the worst thing i've done to someone . we millenials call it ghosting , but infjs tend to identify more with the term doorslamming . i do this enough to feel like a shitty person ... not trusting anyone is comfortable - - self reliance is any easy position to take . when you don't let anyone in , and you're only relying on yourself to sustain your emotional life , your life is ... today , i'm curious about google's search predictions . i just read an article talking about the messed up things that pop up when people start to type things like are women or are jews . apparently ... i think i'm seeing a sociopath . seeing , i use loosely . we've been on a couple dates . i don't think i'm at risk of getting attached ; not really at a point of my life to be emotionally available . i ... i like to pretend i'm intelligent . and special . my happiest days are the ones in which i can imagine i have all of this potential and that the people in my life will be there forever . the people i ... that's really cheesy . are you referring to arizona ? i'm going to approach your post from a detached level . i won't make assumptions about you , but i'm going to be honest just from a sociological perspective because i think that will help you out the ... i bet cosmo has great advice on this . i'm sure they'll tell you about all the types of things that guys find unattractive . you'll find surprising things on the list , like speaking . i actually like to touch people a lot . when its socially acceptable to do so , and when i can tell it will make the person more comfortable as opposed to less comfortable , i'll do it . not in a weird ... there's a mental heuristic called ' social proof ' . we look to the preferences of those around us to deem something as quality or worthwhile . and if you've been pinning after her since you've met ... do you find your motivation and excitement for each project impacted by its purpose ? i mean , is the reason for each project important , or do you find all of the satisfaction in the process itself ? is it hard to find a social life at work ? i think about things like this . all the time . it's driving me crazy , especially lately . i think about going into coffee shops and purchasing something . understanding the amount of water that ... a large part of being whole , is self awareness . this requires self-honesty . of a radical nature , i suppose . my assumption is that people are whole . or can be . they have so many blind spots though , ... apparently somewhere between 70 - 80 percent of americans hate their jobs . if you're part of the 30 to 20 percent that does , especially part of the even smaller percent that loves their job , your ... i need to be irreplaceable . and i'm not . there will always be someone else , and i'm trying to be okay with that . yes . i understand the original meaning of the word platonic is essentially an antonym for how it's used now . what's relevant currently , however , is the colloquial use of the term . when i say ... it seems like her reaction to your comment about the wide range of people isn't because she doesn't like you . it was probably about her , honestly . i'm assuming you hurt her pride . presumably , she ... i'm not a male . i also don't believe in soulmates . have you considered the possibility that when he says he doesn't want to risk a relationship , it's because he only likes you platonically and ... nice . have you heard this song : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9OCEh6g6whc ? firstly , i'm sorry you're going through that . secondly , and most importantly , i don't think you should get back together with him . ever . he obviously doesn't value you enough or have the same ... i will take this . just a heads up though - your data is going to be skewed if mostly infjs participate . ideally , studies have a random sample that's indicative of the general population . this ... so much baggage . you're obviously not being valued the way you deserve to be , probably can't be valued the way you deserve to be given the situation , and honestly , it doesn't really seem worth it ... here's an empowering albeit a little extreme one : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GbLP8jNdR9k those times , when you build things up . idealize . turn something or someone into what it's not through hope or ignorance only to be acquainted with reality coupled with moderate to excessive ... like some other people mentioned , it's easier to flirt when you don't actually like the person . i mean , it's easier to be playful and tease them . the more interested i am in someone the more hyper ... i was listening to a podcast yesterday , and the man being interviewed said , if you want to be pushed to succeed , spend time around people more successful than you . if you want to be happy , spend ... well , isn't this the question ? :P i am trying the best i can you didn't hurt my feelings . you just wasted my time as i tried to wade through your long , scattered messages in which you place your fellow infjs ' into boxes and tell them what they should and ... although i agree with some of your points , you lost a lot of credibility and some of my respect for you as a writer when said that sam harris pretends to be a thinker and then degraded noam chomsky ... that does seem very unfair . although , i'm sure you did well . you clearly put the thought into it and did the reading . i also hope the professor understands that this request was ambiguous and ... it seems like the italicized part should be your thesis ? or needs more explanation / support . maybe it's because you're leaving out the arguments you're referencing , but it feels like your paper ... thank you for this question . for a long time , i thought it had to be something very stable / unchangeable like past experiences and accomplishments - - maybe i feel bad now but i am capable of ... love this . sounds like the start of a philosophical discussion . i'm not sure we can know , but i think the awareness of the holes in your perspective suggests humility and the consciousness of other's ... predictable . i wonder if it's the predictability that makes it seem pathetic . the color of everything at dusk aka the magic hour aka the you-still-have-a little-bit-of-time-left hour . the smell of a coffee shop breathing into a book and knowing that everything will be ... watching everything come and go and come and go and knowing that you're part of that and you will come and go and be replaced and people will move on and the world will move on , but you want to stay ... this is overwhelmingly cute . it does sound like she is / could be romantically interested in you . honestly , i think the dynamic will be what you make it though . if you flirt with her / treat her like ... so overwhelmingly depressed in this moment . in this past two hours . and the city was spinning and now it's just my emotions , recycled , over and over , crashing into whatever will try to stop it .  ... is the problem that your work is buying too many lunches or that they are using meat in the lunches ? i think i need more information to contribute anything valuable . an idea for the meat is ... also , there are so many small children , and they all look very similar ; like little angels . all of them . like why do all of these kids look like hallmark figurines ? i'm in dublin this summer for an internship , and it's getting really easy to tell whether or not someone is irish by looking at them . when i was back in the states , an irish stand up comedian was ... i have an aloe plant back home . except it isn ’ t my aloe plant . but i was the only one that took care of it , so i feel some sort of ownership because of its dependency on me . the plant is ... i think my boss might be a masochist . not even in like a oh poor me ; look at all these things he's giving me to do . but in a manipulative and sneaky way . this seems more frightening because ... honestly , everyone thinks they're better than everyone else . i don't think this is an nt thing . every single thing in this song . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M8f9sMxzdFM '