' so ... my boyfriend died of an od three days ago ... i still can't really believe it . he had had poblems last year but he was in treatmeant , and doing well . everyone could see that . then , he relapsed , ... yes ! my best friend is an enfp . i looove him . he's just so fun and i guess , a lot of things i would like to be . cookies and cute animal pics sounds great ! ! the quote is my fav from one of my favourite books : wuthering heights when i first read it i felt it so close to my heart , i loved it ! and that quote ... i finally solve the misterie of why the hell i woke up so freakin sensible today ... ... i can relate . i pretty much live in dissatisfaction . which is no fun and can be annoying to others . but then again , they annoy me . it comes and goes but even with the people i love the most , they ... i think during stress , ( which is pretty often ) i use ti more , over analyzing everything . but ni .. i don't see it that much . actualized type : infp ( who you are ) introverted ( i ) 79.17 % extroverted ( e ) 20.83 % intuitive ( n ) 72.73 % sensing ( s ) 27.27 % thinking ( t ) 50 % feeling ( f ) 50 % perceiving ( p ) 70.97 % judging ( j ) ... yes . no need to expand . i woke up feeling sad and uneasy today . and that feeling ussually lasts all day :( douchbags co-workers are the worst . because you have to deal with them every effin day and it makes your work a miserable place to be in . you should always try to put them in their place . and if you ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7udUxofdBIE my cat is that annoying / cuddler but i cannot sing like that . yes , that's what people says and that's what i try to tell myself . that's why i told you that too . but , no , it's not easy , specially when i have to see her all happy around other people all the time ... yeap . that's right . she didn't say anything untill i confronted her about it and the she said she was doorslamming me because i had been making her feel bad with some attitudes of mine . but she ... that's exactly it . if i mean so little to you , that i'm not even worth an explanation , ( not to mention a heart to heart chat to see if we can fix whatever is bothering you ) then why should i care ... i wish you would just stop hurting me already ! just , just ! just care again ! ! ! i feel you , bro . it's the worst . i'm still hurting because of one of those . but you know what ? it's a really inmatture and shitty thing to do . i don't care how much difficult it is for them to ... https://scontent-gru1-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xpf1/v/t1.0-9/11015794_10153010691474107_8891514174747148009_n.jpg?oh=74e12d9dbf57865fa892fc2c9d9d196c&oe=56010750 my new pink hair ! : laughing : i'll confess , even though i act all tough now , it still hurts me evertytime i see her , who used to be my friend , and we don't even exchange a look . it hurts that she doesn't care . infer oh , i don't know ! ! i hate them both ! i guess i can handle a pushy person , even though i would not be nice about it . but i hate hate hate to be told what to do . it brings out the worst in me . so i ... i like sweet and floral perfumes . my fav ever is kenzo d'ete . it's like summer on your skin ! i also love amor ( love ) from paula cahen d'anvers . it's floral and has my favourite flowers on it . for friends , i love love enfps but my soulmate is an intp not that thats any good , because he hates me right now , or he pretends so . but he's still my soulmate and he will be forever . i used to like them . but when i got to know a few of them better ... they can be very judgemental and i'm not okay with thatif we are supposed to be friends ... also , it gets on my nervs that they can ... i'm never my true self whenever meeting new people . it takes me a few times too to feel comfortable around them ( more than a few ) and i can come out as cold , or shy , or not-nice at the beggining ... i've been dedicating my day at the office to learn this cup sequence . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cmSbXsFE3l8 i already got it , but i still need to work on my speed . me coworker hates me ... i really don't know anymore if she's that clueless or just trying to be mean . get the hint ! ( that is actually not a hint , but an actuall book and sweet threat . kinda sick . i think i'm coming down with the flue . or maybe just allergies . dunno , tired . like a have a hole in my chest / stomach , and a pressure at the same time , which makes it hard to breath . a common state in me , sadly . i am more of an a because i already know what i have on the fridge ( which is little-to-nothing ) so i don't need yo go and open it to see what i want . once again ... double post . hate this ! thanks ... i know i'm not in the best shape , and my friends know that . i may lose some people because of this , but is not people i really care losing ... but there's some other people ... i don't even ... i wonder ... am i such a bad person ? i used to think not , but now i don't know anymore . people i love , friends , keep pulling away from me and i don't understand why ... so i must be a terrible person , ... the truth is i feel the same most of the time ... i know that feeling like nobody cares wether you live or die is the worst . loneliness can be more terrifying than death itself ... but you have to hang ... you're absolutely right . and it's sad , because grey's is a good show with their everyday drama thats enough , they don't need freaking accidents that come out of nothing and kill our favorite ... double post again ... effin computer . but at least she is alive . i mean effy ... although skins was really shitty about that too . killing a character p / generation . it sucked , but it was recent in your life , that character . but after ... nobody calls me cute and adorable . and i really don't think i am ... not in that way at least . does that mean i'm not an infp ? sorry , double post . my laptop also sucks . i'm outraged with what happened in grey's anatomy ... is sad . but it makes me even sader that i can't share my outrage with the person i normally would . because she doesn't want me in her life ... yeap ! i tried to breath as ussual . i take slow and heavy breaths lazed 9 before 9 after i really don't see what it did to me . i had a really weird dream today . i was pregnant , and about to go into labor , but my baby belly was really small , which was odd . so they give an ultrasound to see if everything's okay , and i can ... yeah , i know what a doorslam is . it's a really cowardly and sh * * * y thing to do to a friend , if you ask me . something i could never do . thats why i'm annoyed by their lack of confidence when it comes ... i'm pretty sure i'm an idealist , though i still don't understand a lot about enneagram and other correlations , i can identify with that description as not so much with the other ones . i'm very ... 1 - i really don't know if this is ever gonna be the same between us . i'm still really hurt by your actions . 2 - i really like you and care for you , but i don't want anything serious .. 3 - probably i ... i used to have an infj friend . i think we had a great connection and could understand each other really well withoout that much of explaining . she's a little bit crazy , but so am i ! and that was the ... tinder ? really ? it's the worst . what , to talk to jerks who only wanna sleep with you ? no thanks . as for games i'm still not over the candy crush emotion . though now i'm playing candy crush soda ... where did i go wrong ? i lost a friend , somewhere along in the bitterness . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dddrq61sq4U i think you look ridiculously beatiful whether you're smiling or not ! '