' i'm drowning in the pain and i'm starting to like the taste i've come to terms with madness we both agree that i'm insane i've played chess with death so far , i've always won haven't beaten me ... the fucking bottom , my friend , come in open arms welcome , here we are again why do i smile now ? because i feel pain the only fucking thing i can feel , my friends too vulgar fuck you , fuck that ... also ... i'm standing in my own mind with a wooden baseball bat waiting for my emotions and i'm beating them to death i'm torturing my conscience , until it admits defeat but , i feel bad ... it's a good day to live a great day to die it's a move for the kill it's an eye for an eye revenge is so sweet that lump in the throat is a sign of deciet i'll string from a rope hanged by a ... gripping my hatred , my thoughts are all strange i've not lost my mind , i've just gone insane it's holding on tightly and slightly it bites me it's right and it's frightening , i won't fight this ... i love video games , when i play them . sometimes , i lose interest in them . when i do play , however , it's quite enjoyable . i prefer to and i try to . sometimes personal bias does get in the way but , it's not overtly obvious to me most of the time . eating vanilla wafers and trying to watch a television show on laptop speakers , i need linux back . i logged 12 hours this week but overdosed on lorazepam . i'm being kept for observation in the local mental health center , some idiot doctor thinks it was a cry for help because i didn't take enough ... the diagnosis of insomnia wasn't my own , it's a professional's opinion . i'm with blacktide i absolutely love sarcasm . that would significantly differ from person to person . personally , i prefer discussing anything with interesting intellectual value . the interesting part is kind of where the differing comes in . you could always keep playing , i suppose . don't make a move on her but keep her close enough to ensure she won't go to him . you're killing two birds with one stone , especially if you break her spirit ... i completely agree . perhaps , you don't have to apologize . simply , explain that you have no romantic interests in her and you're not going to deal with the drama attached to his romantic feelings ? with that in mind , i would say that you're making the right call when it comes to the girl . had i known this person was so temporary at the beginning of the discussion , i would have advised keeping ... it's a personality test , the results of that test are even less important than the test itself . no man or machine can ask someone a series of questions and expect to get absolute results . there are ... i have a very good ability of organizing things to their maximum potential . i just never use it . i can remember where everything that's important to me is , that's all that really matters to me . being called dramatic because i point out deception and ignorance in others . if you weren't such a lying , ignorant moron then i wouldn't have to call your obvious bluffs . i don't flirt , i tell you i want to have intercourse with your face ... that being said , there's a possibility that some intjs may have crossed wires about how to befriend a fellow human . perhaps ... this question is seriously based upon the assumption that i approve of everything that every other , or most , intjs approves of ... which is bullshit . stereotypical response ? display more ... no , you are not dealing with it correctly ... fight for what you want or throw in the towel altogether . the most logical action would be to speak to the both of them about these ideas you have ... i don't find myself wanting to torture others simply for the satisfaction of it , there's a reason behind everything and nothing is ever truly random . torture as a punishment ? not usually but , ... i think of torturing more than killing because death doesn't get you any real results in any situation , unless something more important is threatened by that person's living . torture can usually get ... my musical tastes are relatively broad but , metal is definitely my preferred genre . drunk , so what it's nothing new high , my name is d the fool crossed the line so fucking what you care why ? yeah , i am a slut take this bottle i dare you to because human beings are the most complicated animals on the planet and we ( as introverts and thinkers ) don't fully understand our primal functions as human beings . to better understand the feelings ... that's why they're mostly useless . 328 . the male gypsy moth can smell the virgin female gypsy moth from 1.8 miles away . i thought i was unique in that way . * sigh * . : . djtech.net . : . humor . : . 500 mostly useless facts . : . it's the same for me , my organization skills are amazing , as long as nobody touches my things . i am , however , absent minded about some small objects ( ie . walking around and setting things down then , ... bone and steel they clash and meet sinew and blood cuts smooth and neat tattered and torn as it lay dead a new sin is born the nightmare is fed no . i do , however , examine them extremely closely and i can usually get a good read on what kind of person they are , what kind fo lifestyle they've chosen and what kind of personality they have ... ah , i see . for me , it's about knowledge . i see no purpose or point in life , love , happiness or the pursuit of ' goals ' and ' dreams ' . i'm driven solely by my desire to learn as much as i possibly can ... you're very welcome . if you think you may need any other suggestions / advice from a callous prick , i'll be around . from personal experience , if you made him feel as if the relationship was already over then , it is . sorry . if this isn't his first relationship , i can probably guarantee that he has no interest in ... ... lol that was martin luther king's dream . i don't have one . why ? is usually my central thought process , right before , people are idiots . right in the under all life bleed the throat of the hanging man inverted thrice is the slice of hand and break bones in pure opposition of the life that has been given blood runs cold and ... ripping open wounds with laughter grinning after disasters rather smiling with a crooked smile be beguiled my wild child tearing out the hearts that shame us feelings break us make us hate us ... i have a dream that one day this nation will rise up and live out the true meaning of its creed : we hold these truths to be self-evident : that , all men are created equal . a few of my favorites . adios mother fucker 1/2 oz vodka 1/2 oz rum 1/2 oz tequila 1/2 oz gin 1/2 oz blue curacao liqueur 2oz sweet and sour mix 2oz 7 - up 1 . yes 2 . knowledge , money , sex and revenge . 3 . dreams exist ... 4 . huh ? umm ... what ? being an intj doesn't define you as an individual , it's an extremely vague label and it's traits are widespread amongst all different types of people with different personal traits . intj is a base ... it seeks the meak this bleak speak of abysmal retreat its a treat not a feat a seat taken to think warrant me for i see what brings this disease this decay on today not the way that we fray ... i'm fading fast and see the lights god's hearse is barrelling down on me an ankle biter with no more bite just another mutt with a vengeance plea and if you love me let me die let's not ... i need to check my head again i'm staring at this ledge again like it's a fucking diving board into a pool ofufeff medicine it's evident , this heaven-sent feeling that i'm dead and spent ... i stare into the sunrise from off in the distance i imagine it's flame consuming existence planetary destruction of epic proportions a new hope arises for global abortion the beauty i behold ... i'm standing in my own mind with a wooden baseball bat waiting for my emotions and i'm beating them to death i'm torturing my conscious , until it admits defeat but , i feel bad about it so , ... i was born for the burning and i feel the pit yearning the clutch of the cold icy claw pulling at me my chest gets so heavy like a demon's atop me tearing away at my flesh ever so gently it ... it's a good day to live a great day to die it's a move for the kill it's an eye for an eye revenge is so sweet that lump in the throat is a sign of deciet i'll string from a rope hanged by a ... '