' yes , same . i certainly didn't test as intp the first time i took the test . probably most of my high school friends wouldn't type me as intp - i act too smiley , insecure , and sweet . i am basically a ... yes , actually , that's me too ... which is really strange considering i'm an intp . dear past , present , and future crushes , just because i was too lost in thought to notice you walking by doesn't mean i don't like you . sincerely , an intp i hate saying anything that could hurt someone's feelings , but whenever i try to say something really comforting or complimentary i feel insincere . i guess i'm really just contrasting general mbti descriptions of intuition ( no mention of ne vs ni ) like the one here my mbti personality type - mbti basics with jungian cognitive function theory ... anyone else found some of the criteria for intuition seemingly incompatible with t-dom ? intuitives supposedly like generalities , while sensors like the specifics . but ti is a function that ... intp here , ravenclaw > > hufflepuff > slytherin > gryffindor . i don't fit your description very well - i'm an intp who has lived in seattle my entire life - but i can tell you that most people i know who moved here from somewhere else describe seattle as being ... intuitive : - is better at and would rather learn concepts instead of memorize facts - sees patterns more easily - may be forgetful and unobservant sensing : - is better at and would rather memorize ... i'm an intp , but i originally typed as istj . i've also tested as intj , infp , istp , isfj , infj and entp . i think the main problem with the tests is the wording . phrases like big picture vs detail ... i'm a female intp and it does seem to manifest differently than in the male intps i know . the inferior fe comes out a lot more for me , but not necessarily in a negative way . ne was definitely more ... i'm a female intp and it does seem to manifest differently than in the male intps i know . the inferior fe comes out a lot more for me , but not necessarily in a negative way . ne was definitely more ... since most of the people here are intuitives with unusual opinions , we'd all be challenging society's definition of coffee . thats true . we all need each other's perspectives . in an all intp environment , no one would think about the feeling aspects of life . there also wouldn't be a lot of practical application of ideas or ... that description has always bothered me as well . how could an nt want to make inferences without having the facts ? we want things to make sense and be accurate . the facts are important because you ... you guys are great ! don't pay attention to the haters . one of my good friends is an esfj . she's incredibly kind to everyone , and i think she's pretty smart too . you all are good at making people ... same ! yes , i'm a christian intp as well . catholic , actually ... good to know there's more of us out there , especially among all of the atheist and / or anti-religion intps on this forum . sometimes ... i care somewhat . enough to wear a little makeup - just mascara and concealer , no eyeliner or anything unnatural looking . i wear contacts instead of glasses . but i never do much more to my hair than ... no one fits exactly , perfectly into their mbti type . do you know anyone with exactly the same personality as someone else ? there's plenty of variation , even within the same type . ( in fact , check out ... it is very possible that you're an intp ! i had the same test results as you at first - scored istj the first time i took the mbti , but later realized i hadn't interpreted all of the questions the ... this actually wasn't me , but ... when you understand quantum physics , but not what's wrong with telling someone , you seem to have put effort into your appearance . you love a good debate , but you don't participate unless you're given time to research the issue and figure out how to phrase your thoughts first . ok , this is a thread about anything that will help determine your type ( mostly for people who think they might be intps but aren't 100 % sure . ) i'll start : i found the section about inferior fe ... thank you . i feel the same way ! so many intps seem to be all i have no need for people or love and refuse to acknowledge the existence of their inferior fe . it's not true - we all need to feel ... thanks , this actually clears up a lot of my own doubts on whether i'm really an intuitive or not . the way you put it fits me perfectly . really like most of the nfs that i've met ( although i don't think i know any enfjs , so i can't say anything about them ) . also like fellow intps ( not fake intps who think that they're rebellious , ... based on that i would guess some sort of p type ( wait-and-see-what-happens thinking style ) . but seriously , we need more info if you want us to help you . i really can't tell you anything beyond ... 1 : what's your mbti type ? intp 2 : what's your gender ? female 3 : are you the eldest child , middle child , or youngest child ? eldest and youngest both ... wish i had siblings 4 : how do you ... 1 ) what is your mbti type ? intp 2 ) what is your gender ? female 3 ) what type ( s ) do you admire / respect the most ? ( why ? ) entps for their willingness to experiment , all nfs for their kind hearts ... ok , this is pretty long ... note : i just realized this isn't even the right questionnaire for this thread . oh well ... 1 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for ... i'm going back to thinking i'm intp again ... i just saw this and it describes me almost perfectly . arg , i can't post links yet ! need more posts apparently ... anyway , here's the description posted by ... this is so true for me ! the all-or-nothing emotions , the description of what happens when forced to make on-the-spot decisions as i am talking to another person , my inability to listen to music that ... i don't think i come to many firm conclusions . if i do , then they're definitely subject to change if i find new information . most of the time my conclusions feel kind of hazy , because i feel that i ... i don't think i could be ni dominant , unless i'm totally off about what ni and ne are . i'm pretty certain it see the world in a much more ne / si way than an ni / se way . ( actually , i'm pretty certain ... yes , that is my situation . i don't know if anything i believe about myself is actually true , or if i just made it up because i wanted to be a certain way even though i really am trying to be as ... my guess is that you're probably an infj . a lot of what you've written sounds very fe , but from the way you talk about your life you don't sound very extroverted . you really emphasize wanting to help ... okay , i'm curious to see what type you all think i am . don't decide based on my profile ! i want to see how other people would type me , not just my own self assessment . 1 ) what aspect of your ... personal ~ * name - lisa * female location - seattle age - 16 . i don't act like your stereotypical loud , outwardly rebellious teenager , but i'm not sure i act like an adult either . '