' exactlly . the whole point of a hero is not the hero himself , it's having a model to hold up to society as something to strive for . see ! this is how you are supposed to be ! this is because most of them suck . don't be alarmed ... your reaction is actually the correct one . my company has an arraignment with me . they pay me just enough so i won't quit , therefore i work just hard enough that they won't fire me . this is the most important thing for you to remember , for a couple of reasons . 1 ) if you tell me what we really need is somebody to lead project x during a roundabout small talk involved ... we are friends with a woman that does social work and gives young women talks about it all the time . a large part of it is realistic expectations . she says women go this route thinking they are ... being an introvert means social interaction costs you mental and emotional energy , and that you require alone time afterwards to recharge . it doesn't mean you are a timid shrinking violet that's ... 8 - year-old bride dies from internal injuries because of 40 - year-old husband - national america now news | examiner.com 192554 with actresses you can never be sure ... it might be dyed . what , conspiracy theories like the government monitors , records , and stores forever every phone call you make , or every email , text , or letter you write ? for what it's worth , i held a counter ... i love that quote ! paraphrased : she has talent , but doesn't bother to use it . she makes lowest common denominator crap , and the rubes will buy anything if you stuff it in a meat dress and call it ... istps bond through action , not talking . you would be better off finding an activity you could both do together . personally , that's when i'm most likely to have a meaningful conversation . although i wanted the next doctor to have been gary oldman ( and he is rumored to be in serious consideration for the dh movie ) i am glad the finally have an adult to play the doctor again . i was ... the greatest actor alive today . gary oldman . and maybe this ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hpP5lh6Pl6c sometimes , perc reminds me of this ... depending on the sub-forum i'm in ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kKO9h-gG4Qg this is the most like perc when it breaks into the power polka . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sAWl5peI8HY https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PpccpglnNf0 i demand that the innocent remain unmolested . social skills are acquired through practice , and most istps make little effort in learning them . that said ... just set your auto reply to i'm sorry , i already have other plans and forget about ... my solution for that ... http://i42.photobucket.com/albums/e321/DavidWelch/pooh-eeyore.jpg it can be done . i don't care that much for having my space invaded either . but now i can do crazy pda stuff ... like i'll even hold hands in public . no kidding . i am afraid that there is a certain class of race-problem solvers who don't want the patient to get well , because as long as the disease holds out they have not only an easy means of making a ... lol ! what's going to happen is in a few days he is going to go back to normal . forever . and you are going to freak the fuck out . see , right here is where you start going off the rails . you didn't work for that company . you worked for the temp agency . show employed at temp agency from date / date assigned various staffing jobs , etc . kids . they keep getting on my lawn . yeah , as a feeler this is your first instinct . however , it is exactly the wrong thing to do . do not under any circumstances play nurturer with him until this is resolved . it will only drive him ... this is dead on . also , though the op didn't guess what the parents are , i'm going to guess there is probably at least 1 other feeler there too . my wife is an enfj , and i was really close to ... lol ! i just wanted to say , when i posted in this thread that i was off my pain meds it meant i was off morphine , but taking oxy . i found this post in a search . i have no recollection of it ... i toad a line once , but that would be a long story ... actually , no . it's mostly just because you are being a douche bag . it's because training is expensive , and those kind of people get hired , get paid training , and then immediately leave for a a state or national level job . they are just trying not to waste their ... i'm out of it . and i'm drinking green hornets . so after a quick inventory , i'm going to go to the kitchen and make some . this is why being an istp rocks . oh , and that's creme de menthe . bob slydell : i'm bob slydell and this is my associate , bob porter . peter gibbons : oh hi , bob . bob . bob slydell : why don't you go ahead and grab a seat and join us for a minute ? bob slydell : you ... pass the salt , please . here you are . thanks . qft , because it's a great answer and i'm too lazy to type all that . the purpose of a phone call is to transfer information . know what information you want to give me , call me and give it to me , ... the same as i think of most of the other personality types ... if you didn't come and force yourself on the istp forum i wouldn't think about you at all . want the truth ? here's some old guy reality . you probably won't take it . get the job that provides the best for you . then do the stuff you enjoy on our own time . the problem is , whatever you ... you could just put on your big girl panties . troll much ? 1029 posts since january ? you need to get a life . i suppose it's only fitting i find i'm the most irked finding out they let trolls come here from other forums and rank threads in the istp forum ... telecommunications , except we are having layoffs every quarter , and will continue to do so until the economy picks back up and businesses aren't afraid to invest . it might help you get a job ... awesome ! http://sphotos-a.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash4/602461_417027811682983_273734383_n.jpg i was typed istp by testing in the military , and almost always test istp on line . but sometimes i think i could be enfj , because i'm really such a soft and fuzzy people person . we don't hate you though . we just ignore you and wait to see if you grow up . i'm distressed by question # 3 . isn't there a way to kill more than just 10 of the rioters ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N5PTA0aXWp0&feature=related http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZP9DbEIm7ns http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HPkTGm4RtVM http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6z3VW7dntLU&feature=related '