' sorry guys , add me back in the enfp camp .. after some more resarch and reading keirsey please understand me ii i am definately not an sp . so yes enfp 7w6 hey guys its been a while , hope everyone is doin great . turns out im an isfp so scratch me off the list . had a great time with u all :-) i voted unkown .. i consider myself agnostic .. i believe in some kind of creative force behind it all i just dont believe we have figured it out yet nor do i think we possibly ever will . while im ... i just discovered radio moscow .. awesome band .. if your a fan of old black keys before they revealed themselves to be wankers check em out .. sound similar but with way more rockin full band sound ... hey congratz mate .. i just became an uncle too ! :) power to the infps ! ! ;) now now .. infps are amazing people . i likes em . my real life fellow enfp friends are loonies but the one infp i know is like a jedi master with a dirty sense of humour . my ne and fi are almost even . i believe i can almost be both depending on how i feel . some people i know would swear i am an infp and others definately not . i am a changeling ... see me change ... i might not be an enfp just a sociable , loud infp . it haunts me ;) coming from a huge nick cave fan i really dont see him as infp . i think cave is very much an intj . when he was younger he was notoriously arrogant in interviews and would have no problem voicing his ... i can relate to that . lately ive been working on turning that around a little . however i dont think my friends really want me to change so i am slightly doomed lol ;) i know this threads old but im diggin it up .. for me . 1 . the doors 2 . everything nick cave has done including his books and movies 3.rodriguez ( such a humble guy and authentic artist ) 4.tool ... im pretty good with money during the week but terrible on the weekends . 15 dollars can last me about 3 days food and i buy all my clothes from thrift stores . i very rarely buy something that is ... thanks mate .. much appreciated :) thats some fine poetry there man ... yer like tom waits :) my messy workstation 68129 working hard 68130 haha sounds pretty good . im a little out of the loop with all fantasy , sci-fi stuff these days im getting old ;) but if doc and marty mcfly rock up one day im there ! :) dont know what happened to ... hehe i just said this morning i wouldnt be seen dead at one of those conventions . lol ;) but i had no idea they had special guests and such i always just thought it was guys dressed up as yoda ... thanks aya .. i'll have to sneak a castlevania track in there for ya for supporting the cause :) arrr we be pirate radio broadcastin to ye scallywags live from the crow's nest , the impenetrable ... haha thats great :) oh so melbourne is where those convention thingys are at . being on the gold coast the most interesting thing we have is drum circles in the park and the quicksilver pro :( lol .. ... i actually believe it can be done but this coming from someone who is on the verge of creating a pirate radio station with the ambition to bring culture to his silly tourist city . it can be ... hehe .. being that exited about meeting the hoff is fantastic .. love it :) what a champ haha yes ! its funny i swear its the same music these places played 12 years ago when i was 18 .. maybe a few new ones but i mean come on ! have some creativity for fucks sake i say ! ;) lol haha same with me . lately when i have gone out i spend most of my time outside talking to everyone in the densely populated smoking area until i start to just accept the bad music and adapt to it . i ... i very rarely go out to drink . i got over nightclubs long ago , i find them absolutely boring . i suppose its not to bad though there is a lot of art / indie / hippie culture 40 mins south in byron and ... yea maybe i've just been conditioned by the city i live in .. here we have no interesting stuff like that , its just nightclubs , pubs and surfing culture . its a bit of cultural wasteland here ... hmm .. seems a lot of you guys are into those sci-fi etc . conventions .. is that an enfp thing .. i get into a lot of movies like the old star wars movies and a bunch of fantasy stuff but i wouldnt ... you know your an enfp when babies stare at you in amazement and wonder because you are the silly dance man ;) i like alice in wonderland ( books and disney movie ) but idiots like marilyn manson and mcgee kinda ruin it for me by turning it into this hipster , emo , lsd tripper trendy thing . well lewis caroll was ... shpongle ( hallucinogen ) and if you're wondering who that crazy old tripper is that is running around on stage that is raja ram one the originators of psychedelic trance .. he usually plays the flute ... here we go :) this is the best version on youtube of this song i could find except the best bit is edited out and the two guys from old crow medicine show and mumford and sons ruin it at the end ... 7w6 here to .. i'm a bit of a newbie but i'd love to help you out if i can :) saturday morning hangover .. :) 67464 at the risk of sounding like a rainbow farting , kitten hugging enfp stereotype i rarely think many negative thoughts however every now and then i get negative thoughts about the fact i dont have them ... i'd take castlevania soundtrack over lady gaga any day :) i used to love that tune in the cave when i was a kid . my favourite game soundtracks would have to be monkey island .. so cool and ... for me its more like , you know your an enfp when your the most chaotic person on the planet but you have too many morals for your own good . i am a perfectionist when im working on my music or art and other endevours .. but when it comes to cleaning my house or trying to fit my tent neatly back in its bag then that would be a huge nooo ... i dig this thread , as soon as i get to my pc i yam-a-postin ... the dude abides ;) im not completely sure about their types but i think i live with an entp , estp and istp .. no one ever fights or argues but the place can be an absolute mess at times ... its a fun house .. lots of ... to be honest i was always to blame , with every band we tried to get going .. i just thought they couldnt think outside the box . i was on a different wavelength to the other guys , they chose me to front the band because i had recorded about 50 songs ( dodgy home job ) my strong suit was singing and songwriting . however they all ... i might just add that our guitarist was an intp and prog was his thing too . all the other guys liked metal and i was over that stuff , i didnt want to be bound by genre i wanted to create something ... he sounds kinda similar to me . i gave up playing in a band because we could never get anything done because no one shared my vision or had the same tastes . every time we tried it just turned into a ... i can relate to everything you said there . thats why for a long time i wasnt sure if i was an infp or enfp . sometimes my brain just goes out synch for a while and i cant really interact with people ... weed has the opposite effect on me i cant relax thats why i dont smoke it anymore . my brain goes a million miles an hour and i cant concentrate in conversations . i get jittery anxious and quiet and i ... nah i'm too manly ;) i like nick cave and the bad seeds if that counts . i dont mind a love song if its good though and isnt written for sappy whiny teenagers . lol , i was about to say the same thing . i go around lookin like a beach gypsy / pirate half the time and i stick out like a sore thumb but couldnt give a shit ;) besides go go boots and minskirts ... the big lebowski fear and loathing in las vegas the life of brian beasts of the southern wild pirates of the caribbean the dark crystal apocalypse now return to oz original star wars trilogy ... yup as much as i wanted to put 70s i went 60s '