' in general , i think you should do what makes you most comfortable and reassured . have you shared your findings and concerns with your current psychiatrist ? if not , perhaps you should do so before ... if anyone asks how my day was or how i am in general , i usually stick to good , regardless if it's true or not . it's a positive response that rarely elicits a request for elaboration . my ... depressing movies and shows , as well as notable kindness directed at me , are graters to my calloused soul . someone drawing me something is oddly touching and appreciated , too , though i suppose ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oTN6cGmH2yM depending on context , i associate it with a joking or flirtatious nature as well . for the most part , i grew to avoid use of it to prevent potential misinterpretations . visual synesthesia experienced by the blind is interesting . manchester by the sea was good . i enjoyed it . half life - sneaker pimps insomnia - iamx i'm seen as rather reserved , but i'm amiable and like to joke around with people once i know ' em a bit . the best / most amusing example i can offer is from years ago in high school . due to a ... hah , well i can't disagree . ¯ _ ( ツ ) _ / ¯ though i think social etiquette is just another machine to figure out , perhaps . anyway , good luck with this . i agree . explaining the why behind the what can help counter that loathsome , unavoidable question . i think it's mainly a go-to conversation topic . for the most part , only a pompous individual ... the rejection will hurt him . that can't be avoided entirely , unfortunately . at this point , the best you can offer him is your honesty , as well as optional reassurance that it's not his appearance ... i dreamed i was at some girl's house , and a lady of unknown relation to her broke in and tried to kill us both . twice . the first time , i grabbed the girl and hid her under a bed and then hid ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9v9OtinHt68 soften the edges of your truths , i suppose . there are table manners , and then there are conversation manners . every culture has ' em . are they law ? not in our countries , at least ( presumably ) , but ... there's nothing wrong with seeking more enjoyment in life . it's not a shameful goal , so keep your head up in that regard . it's important to take care of yourself before you attempt to care for ... a burrito waterboarded with salsa . volcanoes and a past presentation on one . nightcall - kavinsky - shrug - coy dawn , fickle woman - - burn to the beds of evening stars . what makes christmas lights appealing enough to drive around and stare at them . intp my learning style preferences vary among different subjects and environments . to an extent in every subject , i value all styles . visual , kinesthetic , auditory , etc . in regards to working ... discussing iq tests with friends . 35 . intp . not diagnosed . i like the texture and brush techniques used in the second one as well . you should share another picture if you ever get around to finishing it . the first painting i like as well . it's my ... currently , my favorite show is shameless ( the us series ) . it's funny , and there's rarely a dull moment , in my opinion . i haven't watched a show that manages to leave me shocked , surprised , happy , or ... i wish i could line-art these sketches for friends properly . i've never reclined my seat on a plane , even during longer flights . i've never felt a particular need to . even if i did , i wouldn't want to inconvenience the person behind me over something i can ... i dreamed i was among friends in a strange apartment building , and after a while of chatting with them , i noticed an insect crawling on my grandmother ( who suddenly appeared on the couch ) . i ... a chocolate-flavored nutrition bar annie - neon indian nocturnal animals i enjoyed it . '