' i had an odd one last night . the setting was like this weird cross between a viage andna city . so there were lots of street light and signs and all that , and even bery large buildings , but they all ... crazy how similarly we all all .. contradict .. ? our functions . it's interesting to see that so many of us contradict them in the same ways ! ( this definitely includes me . i pretty much related to every ... definitely traveling the world and tye perfect relationship . but what captivates my mind most of all : traveling the world with the perfect girl ^ - ^ sent from my one a2005 using tapatalk what do you find yourself disagreeing with most in regards to the infp typing ? sent from my one a2005 using tapatalk mine's short right now . less work ! i keep it at less than an inch . i do sometimes want my frow back ( it stuck out from my head about 6 inches lol ) but then i think about how much i had to care ... fi-te here . i tend to have an automatic ' benefit of the doubt ' attitude . i will follow rules and regulations at first . that's my default . but i eventually come to conclusions about the rules , and ... if you have an aux ne , then you will have a tertiary si and an inferior te or fe . with an aux se , it will be an tertiary ni and an interior fe or te . with that in mind , if you are definitely an ... especially if you're ne dom , you would spend a lot of time thinking about all sorts of different topics . abstract ideas and theories would most likely be your favorite types of topics to think on ... what i actually tend to dislike most , is when political topics come up with fe doms [ who aren't knowledgeable on the topic at hand ] . what i have found , is that fesl users who aren't knowledgeable ... enfp of infp . still trying to figure out whether or not my ne is more dominant than my fi . sent from my one a2005 using tapatalk hah , back in middle school , another kid told me that i dropped my pocket . i had a short convo with my friend about how pocket drop sounds like a dance move . for whatever reason , i decided it also ... in short - yes . at the time , i was barely able to read . after medication , i was finally able to focus on the task , and actually ended up top of my class in reading . it also helped me slow down long ... i think i might have some really good insight to this , because i am a ( tentative ) infp who dated an enfj . i definitely agree that the main source of clash is between the judging functions ... so , this concept applies directly to the nfps and strictly , some ntps ( specifically who have dealt with add / adhd ) out there , but input from anybody is absolutely welcome . to start out with , my ... i love the fact that you started this thread ! i am not trans , but ao do support individuality , and am in the military . so i feel that i have some insight thay could be valuable . i also do have some ... you me to this point . i blow up in traffic occasionally . mainly because i am perplexed by all the other things that you mentioned lol sent from my one a2005 using tapatalk now i am seriously craving some mochi ice cream ... sent from my one a2005 using tapatalk i generally get compliments on being enthusiastic and working hard . and on my handling of jokes . i get compliments on my eye lashes as well ^ - ^ sent from my one a2005 using tapatalk alright , people suck . even those who we call friends can be a royal pain in the butt . for the past several weeks , all i have been getting from my closest friends is criticism and condescension , and ... this is why i absolutely love the topic of music ! how it is taken in and understood varies so much from person to person . i had a highly musically inclined friend back in highschool . if i had to type ... still in the process of reading the thread , but i had a neat idea in response to this comment that i don't want to forget . there was a science experiment done that consisted of placing ... woe is me ! ! ! currently dying lol ! sent from my one a2005 using tapatalk i noticed this difference after becoming an extremely close friend with an enfj . she disliked listening to music that was negative because it alter her mood to fit the feeling of the song . beings i ... it's interesting to think that music isn't tide to emotion for some . that's part of the reason wjy i started this thread ; it's extremely enlightening ! are there any reasons that you coild articulate ... haven't dreamt in a while and was hit by an intense one last night . for whatever reason , i was back in my house that i think of as my childhood home . i was exploring the neighberhood with some ... crazy in lobe by the eden project ? ? i absolutely love that version ! it's so emotionally raw . i fell in love with that song the moment i heard it . the original can't even compare ( which is not ... your goofiness and .. erm . music preference . is noted lol sent from my one a2005 using tapatalk i can't find a thread oldnor otherwise for this ( although i must admit , i didn't search much because i really wanted to out a thread myself for this topic ) . for myself , the music i lesten to ... as an infp , i seldom but occasionally consider the singer's / song writer's point of view . when i do this , i do this through my ne , because it is mostly out of curiosity , and fascination in the ... i love this question ! excited for the answers ! sent from my one a2005 using tapatalk by itself , my fi is the equivalent of my core values . it is the reason why i feel deeply , can easily put myself in other's shoes . this is because i end up so in touch with my own feelings , that it is ... thanks ! sent from my one a2005 using tapatalk i see .. i like to believe that i would be accepting of other's opinion . but in then , perhaps it would ne hard to accept . i understand your point . personality is such a difficult thing to ... ah i understand . i'll try my best to describe that then . i guess my deciding criteria would be kind of what was already highlighted above : if fi values really can look fe to the world based on ... yes ! ! ! and sounds like we are two peas in a pod ! ! ! sheer excitement ! i hope nobody jusy saw my insane and ridiculous facial expressions that i likely just made at my phone lol . knowing that someone ... i really appreciate the insight ! that helps a great deal , especially knowing thay fi can be one of the most veried functions . now that you say all that , and because of the previous comment as well , ... my criteria for learning stems mostly from self discovery . that's what started the whole thing , and that's what i ultimately still desire . however , since being a part of the forums , a place of ... to clarify : my emphasis on etiquette only extends to things like sir / ma'am when talking to people who i don't know and are older than me , holding the door open for others and exchanges to people ... i definitely enjoy concerts , but i love music festivals the most . i've had ome super gold experience at a rock festival . it was probably so great because i was in a group of pretty independent ... i am honestly glad you came to this conclusion ! i've been leaning more toward that myself . although looking back , i skipped an important section that is the source of a lot of my confusion .  ... so , i have researched personality theory for 4 years . i have been typed as infj , enfj and infp . everytime i think i find the answer , i have second thoughts . i have tried every form of self typing ... .. i confess that no matter how much research i do , tests i take and people i talk to , i have no idea what my type is . i read about infp and researched as much as i possibly could , and at first i ... the trick to dealing with extroverts ( most my friends are extroverts ): push yourself to assert when you are tired of hanging out and be vocal about when they are exhausting you . even simply stating , ... lol well . i don't keep up with all the buzz about planes . only a small portion of the air force flies . i believe the largest portion of us maintains them mechanically . but you are talking to a ... never tried that approach . i'll start . may as well mention , my first step in moving on was just a mental switch . i forced myself to go from thinking of her now as she was from the time we ... it's been 11 months . i have tried dating a bit , but it's been hard finding girls who i can connect with . but regardless , it has helped boost both confidence and self esteem . it's been so long , ... to answer the questions : she marines , i'm in the air force . her husband is marines . after marriage , military actually accomodates marriage and always has you stationed with 50 miles of each ... what i mean by that , is that i can reflect on our relationship , and not long it , not be sad over it and not be upset or angry about how it went . i just mean that i can reflect on it , and take ... i've noticed that finally at this stage , i usually tend to just reminisc about the relationship with objective feelings . i'm grateful that i do this but sometimes it feels like i shouldn't . it ... honestly , thank you for this ! my biggest struggle was / is exactly what you described at the beginning . re-defining who i am as an individual without her . and also trying realise that whoever that is , ... '