' 1 . could you explain your situation ? ( e . g . , i'm a full-time student or i work full-time , et cetera ) . full time work (8 - 5pm ) 2 . when you have free time , how do you prefer to spend your time ... i might even rephrase and say narcissistic tendencies as opposed to full blown narcissism . so you're saying you try to conceal these traits to come across as more personable ? from the small sample of intj's i know irl - they all happen to share a common trait known as narcissism . croatia & serbia . after you both got married did it damage relations between your parents or his ? the thing is , the way they went about it was that there was not even a question of the matter , my words and point of views were entirely dismissed or their reasoning was full of logical fallacy . and ... would any other entj's date someone their parents did not approve of by any means ? my parents literally said they wouldn't go to my wedding if i ended up with this guy long-term .. the reason being , ... 32/80 . was expecting higher , not gonna lie :/ random guy i met out one evening : ' ' i like your toes ' ' although , to his defence , they are pedicured . what's your opinion on keeping pictures of your ex online post a breakup ? i will delete / unfollow ex's as well as delete any photo's on social media accounts because 1 . ) out of sight out of mind , if ... usually , a compliment is not an indicator of jealousy . i'm essentially in the same predicament except have emotional affairs / lead ppl on as opposed to fucking women . ugh , let me know when you figure it out . relax , kanye . what's your stance on dating apps ? i got through to third round interview's for what i think would have been my ideal job but - i didn't get it . does anyone here actually think if something is meant to happen , it will happen ? cause i ... pft . i told him he should swallow his food before he continued with his story but it's like he didn't take it seriously . ikr , i think slapping some sense into him is the reasonable option . - english ( native ) - croatian ( parents forced me to do sunday school , ugh ) - learning german ( struggling , not sure if worth it ) i try to go overseas every year and i'm drawn to it because it's the only time i feel truly relaxed . the things that stick with me about travelling are usually the people i meet along the way and ... female entj 74.167 out of 100 masculine 46.667 out of 100 feminine 60 out of 100 androgynous enfp https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jPcdlWiTct8 entj progressive , hip-hop , trip-hop , electronic . i hope someone can tell me whether i'm being petty here . it appears that my boyfriend of 3 months has let his guard done a little and has become more relaxed with me and i can't help the fact that ... irony ? hm . how so ? well yes , i'd rather not waste his or my time any further if i can help it but that's of secondary importance . i'm currently evaluating my relationship with an enfj guy and whether or not i should cut him loose . his true colours are slowing coming to light and i'm finding myself turned off by his controlling ... 1 . where are you from ? australia 2 . what's your gender ? female 3 . what are your views on polyamory ? would you be open to allowing another person into the relationship ? no . i can't fathom ... what are your favorite fictional and non-fictional books ? kafka on the shore ( haruki murakami ) , crime and punishment ( fyodor dostoyevsky ) , existentialism is a humanism ( jean paul sartre ) , marching ... i ’ ve had it . i ’ ve already done that . can you give me better feedback instead of ‘ fine ' or ‘ good ’ do you need to say something ? just say it . spit it out . only a couple of weeks ago , i found out my partner was exchanging photos and talking dirty to a girl interstate . i broke up with him on the spot . yes , he was my first love and yes , i could see the ... guys , i'd really like to know what your stance is on ' sexting ' aka emotional cheating ? personally , i don't tolerate it and consider it cheating , considering i just dumped my intj boyfriend over this . i'd very much appreciate any advice or input on this ... i just broke up with my intj boyfriend after i found he was ' sexting ' a girl online from interstate .. by sexting i mean dirty talking , sending ... tall , blue eyes , mysterious , excellent bone structure . literally only attracted to introverts . i never knew what it felt like to get fired ... until today . i'm handling this way too well . i'd rather invest and focus my energy on one person seeing as all healthy relationships require decent work . also , polyamorous relationships requires more time which i unfortunately do not possess ... i don't see how giving gifts can damage a relationship unless there's just one party doing the giving . i show i care about others by putting thought into my gifts , if i haven't done so , i'd probably ... the only person i open up to emotionally is my boyfriend because he's the only person that makes me feel that i want to . he notices when i'm distressed then gives me how ever long it takes to deal ... i graduated yesterday but i literally don't feel anything .. if anything at all , slightly relieved . my friends are taking me out for drinks tonight but i feel like i don't even deserve it ? why am i ... the only thing i regret so far is turning down opportunities or not fully making most of the opportunities i was given . at the time , i was too self absorbed and expected everything to fall at my feet ... similar minds : intp ( ? ? ? ) 16personalities : entj variant : assertive role : analyst for sure . her character and the movie is utter perfection . and charlize theron , entj irl ? i actually don't see it as a negative thing , it can mean that if someone cares enough to actually get past that you know it might be worth pursuing . i know my now intj boyfriend was really put off by ... me . in fact , i'm often mistaken as an introvert . i like time alone because i'm able to control exactly what i want to do with my time , sometimes other people can be a hindrance . i have a tendency to ... i want to know if intps are sensitive on disclosing personal information ? a couple of nights ago i was out with my enfj friend and her intp boyfriend was telling us about his job and how he got a ... i look like a lady but think like a dude . this doesn't necessarily mean i dress ' girly ' but 95 % of the time i won't leave the house without heels and make-up . on the inside , i'm not very feminine at ... oh lordy no , the complete lack of control associated with the trip actually seems terrifying to me . true dmt does not seem worth the risk of bringing potential mental health issues to surface .. but i'm also ... friendships :: infjs , infps , estps , istjs romantic relationships :: intjs , enfps according to your questionnaire responses , your attachment-related anxiety score is 2.89 , on a scale ranging from 1 ( low anxiety ) to 7 ( high anxiety ) . your attachment-related avoidance score is 3.83 , ... sounds exactly like my story with the exception that i'm a few years older than you . basically , i will only find a relationship hard if i decide to properly invest in someone . it can be a rocky ... i feel bad for anyone who's ever been attracted to me , it's difficult to get my attention and sustain it . i prefer not to get romantically attached to anyone and will try shake it off in the initial ... '