' lol ! / holds up sign i know no other intj in real life myself : confused : at least i met a number of them online . i think we intjs are harder to catch because we're always at home or at work . i ... i only know one enfp in real life . i want to meet more of them ! where should i look ? my dear friend recently told me that she sometimes feels like she's a satellite dish of other people's feelings . when a number of people around her feel down , she feels terribly down herself . i ... i don't know exactly what the ni-fi loop is but i somehow sense that i've gone through ( and suffered from ) it . would you have any sources / references regarding the ni-fi loop ? ditto . i think many intjs lose their religion from mistakenly assuming that faith is irrational . on the contrary , if intjs study the matter enough , with all the intj smarts that we have , we'd be ... sorry , i only read the beginning of the thread just now , so i thought i'd clarify a few points ( assuming that i understand what kind of problem you were referring to ) . i think the bible is like ... me too . thank you for being a good friend would even be better : blushed : i do cry , but only when it's about something really deep and when i'm alone . in public , the best i could do is to get teary-eyed . my tears are shy : blushed : i know two entjs and i love them dearly , but they just complain about other people out loud wayyy too much . i don't think that helps anyone , unless maybe the whole world is made up of entjs ( yikes ) sing go to this forum write a blog post ( which just proves i don't really get much time alone ) ponder on my experiences i know the title sounds much like the prayer of st . francis ( hi to all of my fellow catholics out there ) , but i think understanding and being understood take on a different meaning in the context ... a problem with the bible ? dear me , no ! i read the bible everyday . every catholic mass is inundated with scripture . catholics don't have a problem with the bible . here's a reference on how ... i am very intj and very catholic . i think the main confusion lies in the assumption that faith is irrational . but the truth is the truth whether it be something accessible through reason or through ... i also need to find a quiet place once in a while , though i haven't been doing it often enough recently . i now realize the repercussions of that : frustrating : an intj needs his / her quiet time . ... most catholics in the philippines do not study their faith . it's a pity , but it's true . i'm one of the few who have because i was at the right place and the right time , with the right mbti type ... i am rather religious , but i doubt if the other intjs here would agree with the analysis . maybe this question is better settled through a poll : happy : hmm this is interesting ... maybe we should have a personality cafe eb in manila ? what do you think ? as stated in the title , what kind of men do intj women have a good relationship with ? i design stuff at work , so i don't use it for emotional expression that much . i write poetry . i'd also like to get into photography someday . anyone out there ? : happy : well , the people who give me gifts know that they're donating it to a poor wretch who can't give anything in return but still has the guts to be picky : wink : at least i don't have to deal with ... yeah , i most certainly am not normal , at least in terms of my circumstances . i'm poor because i give much of my income to a nonprofit so when someone gives me a gift , i treat it like a donation ... seems like it's normal to think about reciprocating . i'm not normal then ... i just say thank you and that's it ! sorry , i wasn't specific enough . i meant more like gifts from friends and family on your birthday or for christmas , not gifts from people with vested interests . what are good gifts for an intj ? let me kick this off . i like to receive useful things . please spare me from those fancy things that are only good for displaying on shelves that are already filled ... hi all , i've been posting for quite a while now but i totally forgot to introduce myself . sorry about that . i'm an intj who was originally into the hard sciences , who then switched to technology , ... i know that many would disagree with me or won't understand me , but really , that is how a true catholic should think . the term rules carries a negative connotation , i . e . an imposition from an ... true catholics don't think that the earth is trash , like some ( even catholic themselves ) seem to believe . genesis explicitly says that god made the earth and saw that it was good . thus , we catholics ... the doctrine is quite clear on that : those who are in a state of sin are the ones who go to hell , which is really just an eternal state of sin . gay or straight , mortal sin will send you there . are you untidy ? yep . but i hate it . the intj in me can't stand it , but i have so little space and i haven't been able to let go of much of my school stuff ( books , research papers , readings , etc . ) . i ... this isn't like the other confessions on this thread as it's quite positive , but i consider this a confession just the same because i've never really blurted it out irl ( sooo intj ) . as the usual ... in a sense , you're correct , but let me clarify that thought . the main thing one should do as a christian is to love god and others . one will be with god in heaven if one dies loving him , but one ... oh , not at all . your stepmother needs to review her doctrine . i've been catholic for 28 years and never did i hear the word bastard used in even the strangest of contexts . possible reasons : 1 . catholics are branded as traditional , and many would rather think themselves progressive . however , they don't realize that the arguments they put forth are revivals of old ... hey everyone , thanks for your inputs . turns out i didn't really have to do much ; my infj friend asked me again if she understood me right the first time i spoke to her about intuition , so i explained ... incompetent bosses ( learned that one the hard way ) you're welcome ! nothing beats seeing ( and hearing ) them live : blushed : in dante's hell a snowball would be in paradise : wink : yeah , the fact that he's sticking around is a good sign . personally , i think being yourself would do the trick , since we intjs don't like the idea of being lured or deceived . be sincere . though ... so true : laughing : looking at this whole thread , it's quite obvious that the intj looks to music when it comes to expressing emotions . but have any of you gone into writing poetry for the same purpose ? i've been ... i'm the helpful type so i think the distinction is that i help people in general if they ask , but i'd be all smiles when helping someone i really appreciate , even ( like in your case ) before they ask . well there really aren't many to choose from on the web . how about these : georgia lucida sans unicode franklin gothic medium <-- this one doesn't seem so safe because i find that it's less common ... same here ! i'm so happy to be here in this forum because i don't know any other intjs in real life . it's a relief to know that there are others out there who could understand you , especially that ... i was thinking about this just yesterday . my mom told me when i was little that i need to show appreciation more . young as i was , i knew that i did appreciate what other people did for me , but i just ... me too . i think , after working on it for so many years , i've finally overcome much of my shyness . either that or i have more intimate friendships now and i wouldn't mind talking much in that context . omar , could you elaborate more on why ni could still be intentional despite the fact that it operates so quickly ? oh , it's legit , totally different from the others out there . that site has a very interesting business model . i'm speculating their performance metrics are centered around discussion , that's why they ... i used to think religion didn't make sense either . at least until a few friends hit me with some hard-core-spankin-rigorous christian philosophy . oh , it made so much sense . if you're looking for ... '