' i usually claim i'm good with decisions . i can decide what to order or where to go for the day while my friends are getting themselves into pointless fluster , but with other decisions , i can't cope ... i'll lash out if i'm in that mood but i don't like it and then i'll worry loads about it . i'd rather there was no challenge . i find undercover conflict really awful too , and tensions in others if i ... i'll lash out if i'm in that mood but i don't like it and then i'll worry loads about it . i'd rather there was no challenge . i find undercover conflict really awful too , and tensions in others if i ... how is this thread still alive ? should offer a criticism . ok . i ask the same question about intps . sorry , i misinterpreted that statement . not everything , no , but a lot of it . capitalism is another thing that humans do and it influences each and every one of us . excuse me , my statement was ... they wouldn't be able to act on it in the same . also , that is debatable . we are products of our genes , yes , but also our environment . their goals do not always benefit society . that is a theory only ... i feel intjs sometimes indulge . thank you for your detailed and thoughtful response . i feel like you must enjoy writing essays . i wasn't being scientific , more just asking if people thought there could be a link through their own ... the economic climate influences the sociological one . capitalism has enabled great things to be produced and great technological advancements to be made but now we have these advancements it is time ... hmm . not everywhere , but that was kind of my point . selfish wealthy women with power ? who exactly are you referring to ? maybe if governments had the needs of the entire population at heart it ... when it started being run by rich men who had their own interests at heart ? when it started being run by rich men who had their own interests at heart ? i don't know . when i have severe anxiety i focus on that anxiety and not its rational causes . lately i had anxiety and assigned it to events coming up in my life , which helped me to deal . showing ... agreed . nice quote . i used to . it's about learning to see the best in people . life is subjective . find other idealists and find beauty in the world and in your vision if the world fails . this especially applies in the case of the infp , which i read people often get mistyped as due to a mental illness which makes them more likely to answer the way an infp . i shouldn't find that ... i seem to befriend isfjs quite readily . i find them calming and balancing to my wackiness . they can be a little wacky too , but not in the highly charged way i am . i have a friend i get along with ... a film he might like on dvd ? but not just that . make him something ! buy a super cute photoframe . go ironically cheesy if he has that humour . like urban outfitter's gift section . best bet is to go ... friendships tend to be good but then i'm quite quick and can hold my own . i give off an aura of self-confidence when i want to . i mean , i'm not exactly tough but i can definitely handle an intj ... hi ! i'm a bit late ... but i've been meaning to reply to this perfect lump of text every day ! * smiles endearingly * i grew out of those when i was 14 ! i miss them a bit though now i'm on the ... it's because you admire me too much , isn't it ? :p roud : * spits on palm and shakes hand * just because i'm clever and witty doesn't mean i'm probably male , misogynistic intp . he ? ! the blush one makes me uncomfortable . does it look like a anime character is the dodgy cartoons to you ? eh . hot boys and cute animals just don't do it for me . i think it's a little too much . ooh , okay : blushed : i didn't realise jocular was a word - - thanks :p roud : coming from an infp i know that that is not an insult . thank you , dusty : kitteh : is it my communism ? have a bunny ... ha . kinky shit going down between entp and the entjs . what a strange relationship to imagine ... i don't like that idea at all , actually . damagedfinger i know you'll discredit me to being a ... even that would probably be more entertaining than this thread has become . it has deteriorated terribly ... so long , friends . mmhmm , and then go on and on about it . you lot just can't get enough of public shows ! idkwatimdoing it's not exactly selfish , so no . excuse me ? how ? dustywind ( referring to the smiley comment ) woah , dusty ! just because she's an intj doesn't mean you can be rude ! salihah communism practiced correctly shouldn't have a dictator at all ... where the hell have you been ? ! i've been terrified ! i thought you had aggravated a bunch of infps with insulted fis and they'd kidnapped you ! sounds like a reasonable deal . i like how you're ... shut up , entp . you're not required here . you contest that infjs are less selfless than the infp ? you contest that infjs think more about the world as a whole as opposed to people in a superficial sense ? don't forget darling infjs don't consider actually caring about other people or the world as a whole to be rational . though i think they get a bit upset because they have strong emotions and like ... says the brony . by the way , you're not psychic , just really weird . and if you guys find the entp so annoying , why keep provoking him ? eejits . nothing weird about . you people are obviously just dull . it's okay , it's okay . like i said , perhaps another life ... maybe i'll come back ( heaven forbid ) infj . trust an intj to use a morbid fact to get a conversation going . wasn't hitler supposed to be intj ? i think i'd assume entj . do you think our fascination with evil is evolutionary as if we ... oh , you know , when you ripped my heart to tiny shreads and spat me out like cyanide : crying : aww , thank you , entp . i am glad we are on good terms , how uncharacteristically mature of you : * someone else's bed : kitteh : you know i am much too kind . i thought it would be obvious . are you sure you're intp ? then you should like it : happy : whatever makes them happy . or is happiness an alien concept to you , intj ? don't let the inferior world get you down . ( ( ( rainbow cookie ? ) ) ) some infps like irony : wink : is it because you're in love with damagedfinger ? how could i have overlooked that sexual tension ? i feel like such a fool ... i can see how you might when you spend a lot of time around me ... maybe in another life , entp : wink : i thought it was just that you were sick of being trampled on by those god-like entps . if only we could have their charisma , their carefree attitude , their risk-taking , their quick logic , their ... '