' no , it is just conceding that however i choose to understand reality is always going to be a work in process . i think its more : i can't discard something as unliked until i know i don't like it . so it is easier to identify what i like by eliminating everything else and seeing what is left . learning how to tone it down . i already do this , which is one of the reasons i'm so intent on learning what , and why , other people believe . so i can either incorporate into mine , or discard it . i just don't see why anyone would choose to think they had no point , that their existence was meaningless . don't take this the wrong way , but this seems like a defense mechanism to justify not ... i have considered your argument and decided i will stand firm on my original position . well , yes . that is how i approach anything . process of elimination . why would you respond to me on this , if it is my choice to make ? i suppose i do make a choice . i choose not to accept a reality in which we have no purpose or are not important . maybe the process i'm going through is finding everything i don't accept , and by ... but i am happy . do you know how fun this thread has been for me ? i get such a big smile on my face reading all the responses . discussion like this just scratches an itch that i can't reach on my own ... by break i mean that i put them in a funk where they question everything they believe , where before they were content and happy ( or so they claim ) with their place in , and understanding of , the ... because once it becomes an issue of faith or belief , we have to make a choice . how then , do we make the correct choice ? some in this thread say introspection , but i cannot trust that . i am a ... no , its not about me . but i cannot deny responsibility for my actions . especially understanding how impressionable children are . believe it or not , i want them to not end up like me . which is the sign of greater intellect , having answers , or asking questions to which there are no answers ? i'll have to think about that , i'm not sure i have an answer right now . you did so in a manner that rendered any response to that particular post as invalid . you could label anything i said as denial . if you would prefer to re-phrase it i would willingly address your ... its not a switch i can flip , i can't just decide to change or be different . i would hope you of all people would understand that . perhaps . i'm happy you have found a box to place me in , maybe you will get some sleep tonight . ( i notice you never responded to my take on introspection . ) not ever built furniture , but there are comparable activities . yes , i do these things and enjoy them . but like i said , even in these things , my mind never stops spinning . ever . example , when ... oh ? why do you say this ? it was not a metaphor . i'm not denying value , i'm just asking why . can't help it , just who i am . but you blow hot wind , and my intellect lets me soar . you are the wind beneath my wings . i have not ignored any of your posts , i simply have not responded to all of them . you seem intent on pushing your own personal philosophy , one i have little interest in . i told you i do not accept ... post 16 . that you did not read this makes me suspicious . when did i ever claim that ? are you going to explain yourself or not ? because i broke mine . we went over this . come again ? nope , i'm afraid not . are you going to label all of the pain , hate , and violence obviously a part of human nature as childhood issues ? * chuckle * i wish it was that simple . provide me a system for understanding reality that does not require faith in something at a fundamental level and i will willingly admit i am completely wrong . but you and i both know you can't . i apologize for appearing to ignore you , it is not my intent . i have several hobbies that i do drain dry , and very much enjoy participating with others . but my mind never shuts off , even when ... on introspection : when i seriously turned my gaze inwards years ago , all i saw was blackness . i could no longer deny my nature , i was forced to accept what is inside me . i understood on a ... all you have stated is that lack of introspection is my problem . the only argument you have made for why this is a problem , is that others have made the same observation . do you expect me to ... but talking to myself got old a long time ago ! * sigh * two possible reasons i guess : 1 ) i truly do know everything , and enjoy taunting the unwashed masses or 2 ) i am actually trying to learn something , but my rapier wit and scintillating charm ... this is not my folly . / thread cute , but ultimately futile . if such insight is all this place has to offer , i'm wasting my time here . if , on the other hand , you would like to explain why ... as with all things , my motivation is curiosity . i have a consuming desire to know , to seek understanding . what better place than a forum full of people similar to myself ? introspection is ... ah , yeah . i see the misunderstanding . i apologize . what i meant with that initial statement is that i don't do this with just everyone . someone has to show a propensity or desire for deeper ... no , i do not agree . although it takes much effort and understanding to come to a true objective understanding of anything with another person , it is possible . when it happens it is glorious , almost ... if we cannot objectively identify a remarkable person , i must conclude that remarkable people do not exist . thus , you have no foundation from which to disagree with anyone who may make such a ... i'm confused though , all i see is two men . skin color black ( ish ) , one small and frail , another a fine physical specimen . by what standards do you judge either of them remarkable , and why ? remarkable : worthy of being or likely to be noticed especially as being uncommon or extraordinary . so lets stand gandhi next to usain bolt . which of them is remarkable ? i know i'm looking for something that is unknowable dang it . i just don't know how to let go of it . how do you let go of it ? how do other intj's just shrug their shoulders and content themselves ... that you would advise me to do these things amuses me . been there , done that . if morality ( right and wrong ) exists , it has nothing to do with society . if it is merely a sense of what is acceptable to society , it becomes subjective , and is no longer an issue of what is right ... i thought everything could be understood and explained using logic and reasoning . that anything i did not understand i had simply not approached from the right angle , or learned enough about . then ... morality only makes any sense if we are judging an action , or choice , as being right or wrong . subjective morality makes no sense , because what is right for me , may be wrong for someone else , who ... i play golf to free my mind from the tyranny of petty things . breaking intj's is actually easier than any other type of person , because i know our weaknesses . all you have to do is demonstrate that reason and logic is fundamentally flawed , only useful as a tool ... '