' i had an estj boss , who was a kinda control freak . he always wanted things to be done in the most rational / logical way , like it was not about the final result , but also about way of doing something ... hi . we are not in the exact science , we are talking about human personnality which is kinda extremely complex thing , and even cognitive functions are not something scientifically proven . mbti is a ... hi , tailor lewis ! my name is andre : and i was tested as enfj by a certified mbti practitioner . i'd be glad to have a little chat with ya , where you come from ? my skype is lukyanov.andre . tell ... dear cookie thief . i'm unprofessional , so my point of view is not to take really seriously , but rather as the pov . the best way to determine is to book an interview with a certified practitioner ... me too , i have a little bit the same opinion , but i think we don't need to be offensive . i'll give you a very serious advice . don't use mbti to find your soul mate , because mbti is not made for that . it has some theories on this matter , but these are just theories . you have to find your ... j is not about your organisational capacities / skills / workaholicism . it's about your preference , how you want things to be and what do you do to implement it . but the organisation , especially detailed ... seriously , don't think too much . i had passed certified mbti test and had an interview with certified professional . enf were clear . j / p i had doubts . the difference is in how you ideally see your ... i've just been tested and had an interview with certified professional . résult : enfj ! hi . after having read your message twice i have a quite stong hunch that you are enfp . you sound like them . but try spades questionnaire . imho jelousy and narcissism have little to do with type . i ... dear all . istme , ellis , aserbusvenator , kskatze , myjazz , marckos , cyamitide , blackice and velasquez all people who had invested some time to help me out , thank you very much for your participation on ... thanks everyone for the participation . dear friends , if you have some extra 5 minutes , would you please read this post above and tell what function these processes look like ? i would be very ... thanks for your intervention , acerbusvenator . here comes the difficulty : 1 ) yes . in my head i constantly , almost without stop imagine different situations , for example , me talking to somebody ... dear istme and ellis . differences s / n exist pretty really . for example , often , i've been criticised by my parents for having forgotten small stuff . i hated dictations and , in general , all kinds of ... i've just read the myers-briggs official page on the s and n differences . n : big picture thing rather than check the facts and see big picture first , seeing possibilities how for ex . relationship ... i would say it in a different way . why would i think of myself as an s if i have all typical n weak points ? i've taken a certified mbti test and i've answered positively to most of n questions ... it is very simple for me to answer . we start from the opposite . throughout all my life i've been persecuted by one difficulty : dislike of small details and minutia . incapability to handle these . it ... hi . thanks for your answer . i've read the description of esfj . fe + si . down to earth . searches to help and in practical way . attentive to detail . no , i'm almost 100 % sure of being an n . well , i've just read on the another forum the description wonderful description fe vs ne . enfj is the fe dom , and enfp ne dom . fe : 1 ) i like to belong to the community i like . not just any goddarn ... hi . many people advise to check the functions instead of four letters . 1 ) i'm totally incapable to tell which is my dominant function . can tell for other people but not for myself . 2 ) if we are ... i've just been tested by professional , certified mbti test . the interview with professional will be two weeks later . it is still quite ambiguous . i hope professional will help . thank you so much , this is so sweet from your part to take this forgotten by everyone topic back to the line . : laughing : i'm either enfj or an enfp . it's what i think , so you are very close . sorry for stupid joke . infjs usually have most top-awesome avatar's . they appear more cold and intellectual . they will debate with you intellectually , a bit like intjs , explain you the theory of ... people who have told you , that the certified mbti test is not valid are evil and wicked ntp satan's accolytes . don't let them corrupt you ! people without values , materialistic , egoistic , who don't go deep about things , and have no interests apart of what is given / sold to them by consumerist economical system . philistins . i live with my longterm infp mate ( who i hope will become my wife ) . got a lot of infp friends women and men . yes infp and enfj are really drawn to each other . infp women somehow trust enfjs men ... shortly . i've been born in authorirarian state and it's been 7 years i live in democratic one . i guess i learned to give much more respect to personal liberties and rights , i became more ... i was looking for a dreamy young woman , capable of deep and strong feelings , vulnerable , non-materialistic , deep and contrary to superficiality . sweet . humanistic . somewhat intellectual rather than ... hi . first of all , i'd like to advice you to take the mbti test with certified professional , who will explain you what each question means , and will help you to find the true aswers which really fit ... hello friends . i add the spades questionnaire . maybe it'll be easier for you . 1 . click on this link : flickr : explore ! look at the random photo for about 30 seconds . copy and paste it here , and ... hi . this lady is most probably an nf . i would say inf . thanks for your help . i've just finished reading the inferior functions . i've found your idea of type determination as smart and helpful . well . i guess it's still not easy . i've found a bit of ... dear friends . i'm some kind of nf but it's been years i can't figure it out . i thought about either enfj or enfp . would you please be so kind to help ? the questionnaty is done on the sticky ... dear friends . it's been years i can figure out somebody else's type but not my own . would you please be so kind ? 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? i'm sure i'm ... : laughing : i don't want to be an infj , i want to know what i am , to know better what jobs are the best for me , and now myself better . i'm going to read enfj , isfj , esfj and infj profiles , and write ... thank you very much , penchant , for your attention . 1 . when working on a project where do you place your emphasis ? the process of putting it together ? or the final product ? ( do you experiment with ... hey , penchant , sorry to remind , what what you suggest to help me to find out ? i can also add , that at all student jobs ( fast food ) i've been criticised for an excessive talk and little lack of ... thank you , for your help . seriously , i'd like so much to find out i've paid 5 bucks for this test . i've found it's questions more close to reality , than other tests i've done personality questionnaire results congratulations , you're an enfj ! that's an ... what about the fact that at all jobs i've been criticised for lack of concentration , for being head-in-the-clouds and excessive chat with colleagues ? doesn't it contradict to isfj's profile ? do ... but what about the fact , that i've scored nf at the last test ? see my previous post . isfj are well oriented at the material world and i imagine , they are never clumsy and know good the combination of ... hi . i've scored 1st step ( first characteristic is the strongest one , and than the weaker one etc ): 1 ) strategic skills 2 ) diplomatic 3 ) logistical 4 ) tactical i have read it word by word , especially analysing ni . but , for me it is impossible to say , which function i use . i read , and see a little bit of everything in me . maybe there are specific ... just to be sure . 1 . when working on a project where do you place your emphasis ? the process of putting it together ? or the final product ? ( do you experiment with your perspectives to create ideas ? ... hi , everyone . i desperately want to know my mbti type , but in our city there is no experts and / or it's too expensive ( like 1000euros ) to get to know your type . i believe , it will allow me to handle ... hi everyone , i tried to find out what is my type for more than 1 year , but i failed . hope , some people around here will help me . i was born in ussr , now living in france . '