' as a person who is trying to become bilingual , i can't stress enough how much you need to say the words both aloud and in your head to try and associate the word with things around you . if a the new ... colors have different effects on the mind and emotions of people . for example , a lot of restaurants prefer to use orange or an orange variant in their colors scheme , because it promotes ... the funny thing is i never actually set out to put a story to it , it just sort of ... happened . unfortunately , i have't done it in a long time with math . other things , but not math . i kind of miss it ... that's very true . i'm a writer , so i suppose it's rather fitting of me . i often find myself being disappointed in real life because reality is less fanciful then i imagine it in my head . i also tend ... wow , i never thought of it like that . it does make sense that a s would turn something like that into story to follow . i had never heard of another se user doing anything like that before . on the ... i always found it very interesting how we all learn a bit differently from each other , especially in math . i , for one , am not exactly a big fan of math , but it always fascinated me how one person ... hmm ... maybe a very , very distant possibility . i briefly considered isfj when i first started learning about the mbti , but after learning more about it , i know for certain i use fi as my dominant ... ever since i first learned about the mbti , i had always figured i was an isfp . i am an artist , who when not working on cartoons , strives for hyper realism ( se ) and quite enjoys having epiphanies ... i didn't want to start this kind of debate . everyone just goes away from these kind of things hurt and angry . however , in hindsight i think i misunderstood what you were asking for in your first ... yep ! here's a few bible verses that say so ... luke 22:70 john 1:49 romans 5:8 john 3:16 : happy : sorry , weird double post ... your personality type is : infp preference clarity categories : ( slight , moderate , clear , very clear ) very clear introversion : 20/21 moderate intuition : 17/26 moderate feeling : 18/24 clear ... faith is basically believe and trust . i put my faith in jesus christ because i believe that he is the son of god , and that he died to save my soul . but i don't trust in him as a religion , but as a ... i always thought she was an esfp that used a lot of se-te throughout the movie ... a loop perhaps ... ? speaking as someone who hasn't analyzed the character as well as i should , i would guess enfj over entj . in her song she talked ( sang ? ) a lot about the happiness and unity of her community . i ... exactly . inspirations come in random bursts and i have to work on it then and there . but if there's no inspiration , or the excitement has died , it just becomes a chore . like i'm drawing someone ... that sounds really tough . art has so many genres and is so subjective with different meanings it really can't be measured in numbers . yeah , i can't even do that with my art . i have to draw what i feel like drawing . if someone says , draw this ! , it becomes a job , and i lose my passion for it . i totally agree . so many people consider responsibilities to be their life , and then look back on their past and wished they had more fun . thank you for your advice . : happy : perhaps reminding myself of that everyday would help me get through it . it's really nice to know there are other people out there who feel the same way . i usually only use my te planning something i'm passionate about , but for mundane life , it only comes out in ... it sometimes seems as though the world generally prefers traits ( stereotypically , i stress ) associated with judgers over traits associated with perceivers * . being a p , this has always annoyed me , but ... sanguine phlegmatic 57 sanguine , 14 melancholy , 0 choleric , 50 phlegmatic the peaceful fun presence that makes every outing pleasant . the simplicity of a child in complex situations . the ... 4w5 , with head and body fixes of 7 and 9 . nice to have you on the forum ! welcome to the forums ! hi , nice to have you here : happy : i found this font a while ago . it's so pretty.before the rain font | actionfonts.com i couldn't agree more . sharing personal makes us feel vulnerable ( well , me , at least ) , but when the other person opens up first , no matter how small or insignificant it is , it helps us feel more ... sorry i haven't replied in a while . my browser kept crashing in the middle of my post and has only recently stopped doing that . yeah , i think sjs in general suffer from a lot of stereotypes . from ... stories about animal's , like beatrix potter's work . also romance ( if it isn't too cheesy ) and informative books about anything i'm taking an interest in at the moment . hmm ... you do seem to have a isfj-ish vibe ( i don't know how else to word it ) in your posts . although this my be because of the 2w1 fix in your tritype , which is more common in sfjs than isfps , if ... i have read the first book , actually , but i did not know there was another . : happy : it was very well written , and i admire how it was shown through the animals ' eyes while not humanizing them ... out of curiosity , and if you don't mind me asking , what si type ( s ) are you considering ? thank you for the compliment . sometimes i worry my descriptions aren't accurate ... the whole movie was just plain brilliant : happy : also , something i always found quite interesting is that both bambi's behavior and personality were based on real deer . it makes me wonder if deer , ... bambi has to be one of my favorite films , too . i always thought bambi's father was either entj or intj ( as i haven't been able to watch the movie for a long time ) , but i totally agree that being ... from what i've read and observed se and si can be quite alike in that way , sometimes it's difficult to tell . from what i gather the biggest difference between the two is that the motives are ... infp first time i took an mbti test . though people have told me i have a lot of traits of an infj or an intp . i believe that rowlf from the muppets is an isfp , too . which would make a lot of sense . him and i ... share a humor ... https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=61yzTfu0F-M i tend to get extremely nonsensical . like singing goofy parodies to songs , nonsense rhymes , and being straight up annoying , in a good natured way , of course . and playing pranks , too . i love pranks ... that's funny , i was going to suggest bambi ! : laughing : believe it or not , i don't know many people with strong si . i do know between me and my family i'm the one that seems to be most sensitive to touch . if i see something interesting , especially ... my mom bought me a scratchy sweater once . it was really pretty too , but i just couldn't stand the texture . i've been on funky fiction a few times . i agree , it's an interesting website . wow , your description sounds so much like me when i was little . i was either drawing and writing or outdoors playing all the time . it was only in my teenage years i started to analyze everything ... just a suggestion , i don't know if it would really help or not , but have you ever looked into enneagram tritypes ? that might explain a little bit . other than that , i would suggest just reading ... that really sounds right ( my se being muted over being in a loop ) . : happy : thank you for suggesting that . i haven't been here that long , but i read plenty of threads before i joined and connected ... 4w5 oldest thank you for welcoming me . i've had a lot of fun on here already ! aww ... thank you . i feel so welcome ! : joyous : hello . i'm a born-again christian isfp with an enneagram of 4w5 . i've been greatly interested in this forum for a while now and regularly read the threads and posts to gain a greater understanding of ... '