' can anyone take a guess at the types of the 3 main characters ? medication , therapy , switching to a physically active job ( exercise ) , sunlight , socializing , removing the people from my life who were weighing me down . i'm still no ball of joy , but all of these ... i've been taking the snri pristiq for 2 years . i believe it saved my life when i was severely depressed and suicidal . it's the only antidepressant i've taken where the benefits have outweighed the ... i've never been with an infj . my guess is they wouldn't be romantically compatible with me because i like being with a doer , not a sayer ( hypocritical , i admit ) . i seem to struggle once the honeymoon period ends and they stop trying to impress me ( usually after around 6 months ) . i seem to take that as some sort of personal rejection , even if it's just the ... it wasn't specified how they would die . in my mind it was more that they would just disappear . i agree that there would be better ways to reduce the population over time , but that wasn't an option ... definitely kill the 2 billion . the world needs a population reduction anyway . i'm seeing an enfj at the moment . great match . infp and atheist . i have no tolerance for the mixing of religion and politics . beyond that , i don't really care what people believe . i can be very cranky and impatient . i can't stand waiting for other people , incompetence , poor awareness , bad smells , loud noises , among many other things . i see this as a symbol of humility . it's taken from the point of view of someone or something feeling small and insignificant compared to what is out there . i'm imagining a little lizard , but it ... enfj for jeremy and entp for morgan were what i had originally . you are probably right for morgan because i can see the ne , but he just seems like a control freak j type . i'd say estp for both ... i've only just started watching this , but i'd like to know what people think the types of the main characters are . these are my best guesses : mindy lahiri - exfp danny castellano - istp jeremy ... waterworld - i could never figure out why people made fun of it . sounds very xstp happy is fine , but loud is another matter . i can't stand people who laugh loudly and excessively when others are trying to enjoy peace and quiet . generally bubbly people just come across as fake . or ... yes , sirens , alarms , engines , babies crying , loud music , vacuum cleaners , leaf blowers all set off my flight response . all i want to do is remove myself from the offensive sound , so i'll usually ... in order : infj isfp intp enfp isfj esxx seems to be the most important thing . i think you're on to something here . all of the esfjs and enfjs i can think of off the top of my head are either impulsive buyers and / or hoarders . if they can't justify buying something for ... lots of things annoy me the point i have to leave the room . throat clearing whispering some types of laughter people talking to themselves sighing loud swallowing talking on phones mundane ... according to that test it says 5w4 , 4w5 , 1w2 i would have thought more 4,5 , then 1 . pharmacy tech lab assistant waiter tutor i thought intp and 5w4 . people who steal from unethical companies have my full support . some things are far more wrong than petty theft . tuna boiled eggs cooked salmon bacon steak cold post-cooked pumpkin any kind of scented spray deodorant most synthetic perfumes perfume plug-ins / room sprays scented toilet paper 1 ) my feelings are easy to describe in words b ) not often 2 ) i empathize with people by a ) taking on their feelings as my own 3 ) my emotions show a lot on my face b ) not usually beyond the existential crisis , i'm doing just fine . i've got a job , somewhere to live , a loving partner , a few great friends and decent physical health . i'd feel ungrateful if i desired any more than ... i did it all in my teens and early 20s , but beyond a bit of a rush it's not really that enjoyable . alcohol was involved the majority of the time , so i wouldn't be one to go there sober . it was mostly ... every time someone asks whether a given thought or behavior corresponds with a function and they're told no , that could be any function or that doesn't have anything to do with mbti / jung at all ... http://aerialediblegardening.files.wordpress.com/2011/12/islington-windowbox_02_babbs.jpg?w=600 http://eyespy.squarespace.com/storage/12-03-08_mushroom.jpg?__SQUARESPACE_CACHEVERSION=1228363964422 ... i'm 5 ' 5 and 125 lbs at this time . from memory i'd say rosanne was an entj . no idea about the others . no , i'd say intp , followed by infp or isfp . the entps i've known are always busy doing something . they may not stick with it or see it through , but they love their projects . it sounds like your mother is the disturbing one . she repeatedly invades your space , you tell her you don't like it and she invalidates the way you feel about it . you're not crazy . i wrote out a whole page of reasons for why i chose the types i did , but i'm having a great deal of trouble articulating why , so i deleted it all . hopefully we get some more responses . i'd like ... i love this too . no one responded to my thread a few weeks back , so i assumed not many had caught onto it yet . good to see someone else is watching it . these were mine : hannah - either infp or ... i seem to keep ending up back with my parents between moving cities and countries . my family is intolerable to live with , so i try to keep the stays as short as possible . i'm a lot more at ease around men . i find them friendlier and less discriminating . women are so often truly awful to one another . i feel sorry for straight men having to deal with us . i don't agree that there's no link between mbti types and various disorders . results may not have been peer reviewed and published , but that doesn't mean correlations aren't there . anyone who has ... action is the lamest genre . some sci-fi comes a close second . james bond movies , rocknrolla , star wars , star trek . i don't get it . traffic noise , trains , trucks , loud laughing , babies crying . yuck . i immediately thought of this : http://img525.imageshack.us/img525/1554/hugmepillow450x441.jpg richard linklater - infp ! attention whore esfp . 4-6- 5-1- 9-7- 2-8- 3 i don't think this is ti . i think this is a case of people not being able to live up to your fi ideals . this is something i'm all too familiar with . actually this topic is one that comes up ... infp ! no doubt about it . are you prone to paranoia at all ? one theory is that in the fi-ni loop , fi will arouse emotional-based suspicions and ni will try to prove them . it should be se keeping you grounded , but instead ... i believe in human rights , social equality and i generally wish the best for everyone . but on a personal level i find most people intolerable and i just want them to leave me alone . it's only a ... '