' i have been in that girl's position . i was 17 and he was 26 . we were partying at home with a couple of friends ( i was a freshman in college and lived with my partner , who was also in attendance ) , and ... probably should try saying it a bit more often , or explaining to him that you often show your love rathen than verbalize it , such as when you pick up a pack of his favorite snacks while ... i'd be willing to say it's insecurity . i said i love you quite often in my last relationship because it was a good way of checking in on my partner and making sure we were okay . if he didn't ... once upon a time , i was at a dinner party with friends , the only female and only intj of the group . i had a rather sheltered childhood and adolescence , so they've kind of taken it upon themselves to ... hmm ... i'd say i'm a deist . i'm sure someone had a hand in things at some point in time , be it god literally creating man from dirt , a giant turtle rising from the sea , or even extraterrestrial ... pretty much all of these . except for me , the slightest unwelcome sound or even movement absolutely pisses me off , though i try to hide my anger . is it so hard to sit still and sit quietly ? ffs ... hello , sweetie . whovian references aside , i always intimidated the upperclassmen xd the two juniors and one senior would joke around with me one minute , then tell me how i scared them the next ... when i was on the drumline in high school , my fellow drummers spread this amazing rumor that i was actually an undercover spy sent to assassinate the leaders of the community and slowly take over the ... oh good lord i don't even know where to start . it's not like there's a power button or sleep mode or instructional manual . i can't even fathom how to go about turning off the one thing that controls ... chances are , they were idiots . if they were really mindless strangers , then there's your reason . every action must have a purpose , an objective , a plan , a rhyme and reason , if you will . i get ... artist and author are my own thing . i have thousands of worlds in my mind and love bringing them to life , giving them proper meaning . i love building worlds , designing creatures , writing lore . it's ... i dislike being outnumbered . it makes for too much stupid in the room . but seriously , i love a good debate , especially one-on-one . i'm not really allowed to do it anymore though , since i can be an ... it was more meant as a gentle jab to the stereotype ^ ^ ; i know everyone's different :) these are quite interesting :) thank you ! yeeaaah ... that sounds like the story of my life right ... was privately suggested that i add examples ... when in a public setting , even just a dinner date with close friends , i'm very submissive . i put everyone before me , even if something makes me ... now , i know you may be thinking , an intj with low self-confidence ? are you kidding me ? and to an extent , i agree . which really isn't helping my case here . i have always been an intj . my mother ... i have an intp friend . we get along rather well , although it took us a little while to compromise and figure out that we needed planned spontaneity . compromises , compromises xd back to the topic ... i would venture to say a lot of nt's are sapiosexual to a some extent . i love it when my partner talks nerdy to me . brainy is the new sexy , after all . i have always known i was an intj . my mother is a psychologist and tested me several times while growing up . always an intj . so yes , i would say my personality is stable . i have always taken the ... i would post mine if i was at near my desktop . i don't have it available on my mobile ( which is what i do most of my posting on ) . it's nice to see i'm not the only one who does this or made ... no . he is pansexual though . a true jack harkness if i ever met one . but he doesn't love them the way he loves me . they're just fun for him . everyone wins :) i'm more asexual , but that's due to ... - tilts head - this is a bad thing ? couldn't agree with you more on that . our closest mutual friend once commented that our relationship was its own breed of unusual . - shrugs - ah , well . whatever works , right ? and it's been working for ... i wrote one for my partner , and was wondering if anyone else had done something similar . yes , i know there's the compleat guide and a couple other popular ones . what i'm wondering is if you have ever ... i'd say so . his friends are incredibly jealous of his hall pass . i can't help but laugh when they ask me about it . such a silly little thing to get so worked up over . your secret's safe with me . i don't have the social skills to relay this news , and even if i did , they would think i'm on another sleep-deprived stint of rambling nonsense . perhaps we could reach a ... ooh , this thread sates my logophilia : kitteh : my favorite words are twelve , meandering , mercurial , and tsunami , but sapiosexual keeps coming up today , so i suppose that's my word of the ... i like the idea of subtle requests . that's definitely something we will work on . perhaps i should supply him with sticky notes . he could write his question or such down and i can get to it when i ... update i ended up writing him an owner's manual . yes , you may laugh . i am horrible at talking , especially when it comes to heartfelt communications . i decided to just write it all down and ... i'll make a note about my tone . probably won't be able to make a huge change , but i imagine the effort would at least be appreciated . does my common sense count ? omg wtf bro : ah , yes :) thank you ! we have had several you aren't speaking my language conversations , which usually end up in the typical you're not a robot , come cuddle result . it's annoying , ... 1 . i'll see if i can do that . i tend to be direct and to the point . i suppose i'll have to slow down and explain the process ... 2 . i cannot count how many times he has said something like that . ... blunt and direct , then brace myself . simple enough ... knowledge i cannot obtain ... gonna take a while to get over that ... but okay ... occasional bossitude . that's fairly reasonable . yes master ... that's the thing . i can be curt . i can be brusque . i don't , however , go around trying to push or pull him with aggression . i may snap if he persistently interrupts me while i'm in my mind palace or ... yes ... adorably evil dalek kittens ... welcome ! :) hello and welcome ! hello and thank you ! :) - crawls out of hiding place - um ... hi ! nice to meet you ! ... i think ... if it wouldn't be too much of a bother , i could use a little help ... my partner and i have been together for well over six ... my partner was just as apprehensive until i sat him down and told him basically the same thing you've said here . he was hesitant , because he doesn't like labels , and when you start throwing the word ... ten minutes early is five minutes late . this was drilled into my being by my military father ( army ) and my high school band director . i have always been antsy about times . i have panic attacks if ... i tolerate most people . put up with some . deal with others . i love my family in that typical filial manner . and even then , it's just the primary nucleus , plus my grandmother . but my partner ... i ... i am a friend to a lot of people , yet i only have a handful of people i am friends with . i consider someone my friend when i no longer feel the need to wear a mask around them . if i'm comfortable ... i'm fond of fiction ( sci-fi , fantasy , crime , mystery , horror ) and practical non-fiction ( theories , survival guides , history , and philosophy ) . situation : family reunion ( that i may or may not have been bribed into attending , only to realize there were triple the amount of people i was expecting ... and so many of them are enfp and esfj ... ) ... actually , i kind of relate . i was doing so well , graduated high school less than a month after turning 17 , had a full ride through college ... but lost all drive and motivation . now i've put college on ... you could always try going around shouting vatican cameos and look for people ducking , or blink and you're dead and look for either frozen people with eyes wide open or people looking around ... mine's got to be that moment in a discussion / debate / argument when i realize i'm not 100 % correct . or maybe it's dealing with the people who excessively sugar-coat bad news . i don't really have ... hello ! i'm new as well , although i'm more of a james moriarty type :) good luck finding your kindred spirits ! greetings ! i go by sam , which stands for socially awkward mastermind . it's a name i've used for quite a few years now . sort of my way of embracing my flaws . my mother , ever the psychologist , ... '