' i was wondering if anyone would take the time to help me figure out my mbti-type ? i have known about this typing system for two years , and done a lot of research , reading books and browsing forums ... 48293 hey enfps ! thought ix92d post my picture here . yes . ix92m sitting on top of a bookshelf , 2 meters above ground . yes , the bookshelf is in a library . yes , there is a beer in the ... your reply brought valuable insight , and made me feel a lot better . thank you ! i relate a lot to what you say about being haunted by sad images . i keep seeing those vacant faces and deformed ... the way i talk is very distinct . people comment on it often , and ix92m sometimes impersonated , which annoys me , because i don't think anyone manages to sound like me at all , or so i would like to ... my summer jobs are killing me ! help ! so , this summer i'm working two part time jobs . i hate them both , and it's a horrible struggle getting through every minute of every shift . it feels like ... when at the same time as taking a test about cognitive functions , youx 92re internally discussing whether or not a thorough knowledge of mbti and the functions , makes you unable to answer the questions ... pantha du prince is genius ! the sound is pure magicx 85 more electro than ambient though http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I670lCWpu7w from jacaszekx 92s album glimmer ... yeah , it's the same with me . somehow i just click so easily with people who are drunk . not so much with sober people , they will too often think i'm crazy , annoying or retarded . or drunk . maybe ... at least i'm not as bad as annie hall ; http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mem9Hby9oRk ladidah ! hahaha , i have the exact same problem as you ! whenever someonex 92s in the car while ix92m driving , ix92ll hear all variations of x93slow down ! ! ! x94or x93keep your eyes on the road , dammit ! x94 etc . one time , when ... when your solution to not being able to fall asleep is to climb a tree . literally . it would go like this ; itx 92s 2 a . m . youx 92re in bed , twisting and turning , with eyelids refusing to get heavy . the ... you know , you can get the album for free . i wouldn't want to cause you financial problems , haha ! follow this link ; pay with a tweet - a social payment system and you pay the album with a facebook ... my bad , i should have done that . this song deserves appreciation ! :-) well , there are more gems from the same artist , though this is my absolute favorite . it's amazing really , that only one guy is ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ibdmLKPxDd4&feature=relmfu this song is infp porn ! such a lush sound . the chaos , the emotions ... so addictive ! <3 ix92m shocked ! not one infp type 8 ? whyyy ? ! i thought there would at least be a few 8s , even if itx 92s a rather unlikely combination . as i see it , being 8 and infp is not a total contradiction , ... thanks for understanding . do you or don't you wear this mask ? you wrote in the first post that you wear a mask of fear , so . maybe it only comes on in difficult situations ? does your mask reappear ... i hide behind a mask of indifference and arrogance . i know it appears to be confidence . the thing is , people do not , and will never be able to understand who i am and where i'm coming from ... inspiring story ! vegetarianism is becoming an important part of my value system too , though i am new to this . i'm considering going vegan , even if it's a bit more complicated and involves a ... i was wondering if any of you infps are vegetarian ? ix92ve a theory that becoming vegetarian is a typical infp thing to do , since so many of us care about nature and animals . infps also tend to be ... i too tilt my head a lot . when daydreaming . while pondering something . when i find something strange or puzzling . i've actually done some thinking on this , and in my experience , i tilt my head to ... that is hilarious ! :-D has anyone ever seen you doing this ? that guy is a bit creepy though . good thing sweeney gave him a good shaving , if you know what i mean :-) some of my habits : always ... inle , i really like to song on your profile page ! what a lovely voice . surely , you have a great taste in music ! :-) a flicker of your soul appeared for my innervision . i'm glad you liked ... the person above is orange today . is he orange everyday ? the name confuses me , but that's nice . i like to be perplexed :-D iamorangetoday was the first person to thank my post in the infp picture ... to post my picture or not to post my picture . that's the question ! i don't want my face all over the internet ... and i'm very introverted . i think it may just be too much for me to show my face to a ... you are a knight . brave , independent and idealistic . you've had your share of hard times , but no matter what hard reality fate has presented you with , you have struggled to overcome the difficulties ... i'm rereading it for the third time now . for some reason , i can't get enough of this book . i too found the characters hard to type , as most if them are both unpredictable and unhealthy . this is how ... my stream of consciousness can neither supress the cruel world before my eyes , nor the bad memories stuck behind my eyelids . fear and self doubt will drag me under . alas , i cannot swim . i want ... i'm not good in a crowd , i've got skills i can't speak of . things i've seen will chase me to the grave from a song called flat on the blade by massive attack . the whole song is playing in ... i love this thread , so many talented infps ! <3 i'm not an artist , but i do draw sometimes , mostly portraits . maybe i'll post some of them if i manage to scan them to my pc . writing is my ... wow , i never wouldx 92ve expected to find other peter høeg readers on this forum . he is amazing ! ix92ve only read one of his books this far , x93de måske egnedex 94 . i believe it is called x93borderlinesx94 in ... you're very welcome , and thanks for answering :-) ah , you're almost t then :-) i'm more on the f side , about 70 % i didn't mean that f is weaker than t , just that f is perceived as being weaker , ... you're welcome ! always good to introduce someone to great music :-) i have to post another one . this song i find particularly beautiful and haunting . i still wave at the dots on the shore ... hey , taker , i like your taste in music ! :-) kurt cobain is epic ! heartshaped box is an all time favourite of mine , and so is something in the way and come as you are . do you like porcupine tree ? from ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xMqqzaW1q7Y&feature=autoplay&list=PLC507745B3B1F9B7D&index=20&playnext=1 a song by kaizers orchestra . love the feeling / energy of this song . tusen dråper ... the description is of me , kind of , so it doesn't suit every infp . yeah , people would believe she is weak ! some people tend to think that about me too , but not those who know me well . strangers ... it seems like infps are often viewd as shy and timid , when in reality we are reserved and want privacy and peace of mind . maybe it has something to do with our sweet and dreamy , yet empathic vibe ? ... ahhh , gentlemen are sooo cute :-) it does seem hard ... opposites attract :-) i don't envy you the mainstream music , ugh ! :-D you do know a lot , cyamitide , thanks for a good and long explanation ! :-) i don't have detailed knowledge about the cognitive functions of infjs and enfps , what i write i base mainly on personal ... she said i ’ m very open with my vulnerability and my emotions . if i ’ m involved with somebody , i ’ m very open . in one of her interviews . ( can't send link , sorry . personality cafe won't let me because ... hahaha ! i can just see an esfj boyfriend dropping down on the floor , rolling over and demanding a cuddle . ( that's what she said ! aj , that sounded a bit wrong ! sorry :-D ) how is it having an esfj ... yay , i revived the thread ! :-D i don't think she's extroverted . from what i've seen of her ( live performance , interviews and music videos ) , she ’ s shy , reserved , dreamy . just the way she speaks ... estranged . invisible . devastated ( lykke li helps ) as many others here , i'm the only infp in my family . it's sooo tiring that i relate to all of them really well , but none of them understands me . the constant conflicts of my manpulative enfj mother , ... ok , i admit it . i did search for lykke li threads in pesonality cafe . i had to , she just means so much to me , she's my musical hero . <3 i think her music is just beyond perfection . there is not one ... i've tried smoking a few times , and i mostly liked it . the first times i didn't have a lot , just a few whifs off joints being passed around at parties . the only time i've been high , was when me and ... i think i would love trying to live as a hermit . maaaybe not for the rest of my life , but a month or two . of course , given i could bring music . it is absolutely necessary for me , living without ... i adooore that movie ! ! ! <3 * spoilers * yes , i so agree with that ! especially laura brown . i really identified with her character and her internal struggles . she just seemed really infp ! i ... thank you , rara ! ! ! <3 even though i don't know you , i think you're pretty awesome too ! well , you might still be wierd . i know i am . at least we can be wierd together here , and be proud of it :-) ... when you wait about a year after you have discovered personality cafe before registering . during this time , you immensely enjoy being in the forum , especially in the infp section , and laugh out loud ... '