' i was also a loner . glad it's not just me , i tended to have the ability to get along with most people that weren't highly popular nor highly unpopular and fluttered around groups . i never had my own ... it's weird for me that you phrase this like that , because if someone invites me to their house , i always help myself to getting a drink etc . i'll happily have a ' look through ' their cupboards , just ... haha , the irony : o errr , you just summed up mostly what i tried to say . it's weird how we're such private people really , yet at the same time can totally be open to the right stranger . i guess for me it stems from ... i can actually relate to this but sometimes guests are okay for me . if i am prepared and ready to welcome guests , i like to host and be accommodating . however , i'm not good at people going through ... huh i dunno i kinda relate , but maybe phrased differently . i don't think it's unusual to question our actions ( or decisions , confidence , whatever ) . i'd say that's pretty normal and we're just ... i love the undersranding nature of the enfj i know , and he always knows the right advice and the next moralistic step to do next , without being an oversensitive pig . he's genuinely the nicest guy i ... to be honest it depends what the subject is . some people have a habit of picking stuff that i am a bit more sensitive about and it makes me feel like a douche . like they might pick up on something i ... amazing , i love sean lock so much . i wonder what personality type he is ? that's it exactly . i need a safe outlet :) i'd be interested to see your government stirring haha . i don't use twitter at all . that video always cheers me up . i never update statuses on social ... okay i finally have a topic i want to post / talk about but i couldn't come up with a good title at all . so this my question . do you ever say things wrong and everyone around gets the total wrong ... hahahaahahaa . the poll results didn't shock me at all . what's that ? my ex boyfriend is an infj and my mom is an infp ? lord . lol . i'm exactly the same in the car monemi . i'm fine when i'm driving but as a passenger , if the car is relatively a new car and has that ' smooth ' feel , christ i get the worst headaches . the best way ... yep , i can totally relate my sister to what said . my sister is also a stay-at home mum . she really does stress about things that you just don't need to . she freaks out about things that ... hmm , interesting point :) i shall do some detective work : cool : he isn't so obviously fluffy on the outside with his friends , which i guess is why i never thought about enfj . he's hard to type ... well , i know an enfp guy very closely now . he's very intelligent , knows lots of useful facts about things and loves music . at first i mistyped him as an entp due to his ability to really connect to ... i am very impulsive but i try not to let it come out in such a dick-ish way . also , my impulsiveness tends be more about my emotions or how i feel , without being able to really control it . it's ... can relate a lot to what you both drmiller 100 monemi said there ! sometimes i have to put on a mask , in order to be socially acceptable and not mess up what i say too much . although i have logic , ... sounds rough . i still get angsty and have moments of , who am i again ? i think as estp's , we're like wearing masks a lot , able to get along with different types of people and act right for certain ... i get this a lot , but i am an estp . i really like my peace and hate lots of noise going on when i just want to think ! this is so weird but when i read the original post , i read it as a clockwork orange ... and i didn't know the main characters name so nothing clicked there ... so weird that i read this wrong . urgh . ... in all honesty , that came out wrong . i just wanted to mention there are many flaws to being a female t person , i constantly feel frowned upon and i have to work hard on when to shut up and the right ... i'm english , like we just have lemon and sugar . but we don't have them very often ! too much effort in the morning . will have to check it out . it's wrong that i enjoy psychopaths . it's even worse that i relate to them . very interesting observation . my sister is an esfj but the trouble is that she isn't very healthy , her up-bringing was not the best for her and my parents didn't do a great job at helping her ... i agree with this a lot . great , simple analysis . the problem is for infj's and estp's is at first , there can be a hell of a lot of firey love . as an estp , to me this is just nonsense and i ... monemi well that's what i was doing but i guess me googling 3 women in a bath didn't quite work out for me . monemi where do you find these gifs and relevant photos * angry envious sad-face * and still the op is nowhere to be seen , a thread made and completely forgotten about . all of our hardwork gone to waste . * sob * & is 3 a crowd ? http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-pYoQ_-0INBM/TpjcDRXDd0I/AAALI/2kWtTdPgkgs/s1600/threesome_feet-400x300.jpg dammit christie : sad : ugh , this this this ... 1000 times : blushed : ! thank you are you by chance curious about girls ? : crazy : yes very good ... but at the end of the day this will not make a healthy relationship for the estp . to guarantee a healthy relationship the number one thing people forget to do is look after ... i'm actually a graphic designer and i've been drawing since i can remember . i love art , creativity , design and painting etc etc etc ! ( hence my avatar , it's by one of my favourite living artists of ... hahaa , explains a lot . he's blatantly type 3 too ! monemi stop changing your avatar it's confusing the ballsacks out of me : bored : everything in my posts is my opinion , that's kind of obvious . i am just stating what i feel everytime i see your posts . you even had to ask me what the main differences between fi and ti are , which ... and yet again , every other single type that reads this thread will see the estp as being 2 - dimensional and selfish . the difference is , we're just open minded and don't want to analyze on a ... omg . just stop encouraging him to do anything . stop right now . it's rediculous . i understand this totally . this is in essence the make up of an infj . it is also exactly why a relationship with an estp will not work . there is no end to the analysis and eventually this drives ... certainly not , but i've never typed as an esfp and it seems weird that the test has typed you with so much fi if you were not to use it ? just do some reading about functions , google fi an ti ... well if you look in your signature you would see that you type esfp quite a fair way off ti . well sounds like you've made good observations and i commend you on that . generally i love infj's , but they can be so destructive in relationships with us estp's especially . i think people forget ... if so , it's on a sub-concious level without real intent that is properly malicious , if you're to be trusted anyway . if we don ; t like you , sure then things have meaning . but i guess what i meant was , ... omg i am having a lot of fun reading these ! ! ! who knew how entertaining this would be . i find it fascinating watching types interact . okay my turn . i am an estp and my man-friend is entp .  ... 10/10 would bang . don't believe everything you watch on tv ! edit : sorry for double posting , i keep doing this and i know it's spam . will remember better next time . i question this . have you considered that you might be an esfp ? how odd , my entp man-friend is possibly the biggest furball of caring i have ever interacted with . i quite often call him pussy whipped to get him to man up again now and then ( there's only so much ... consider an estp ;) agree with this on the whole . leadership sounds like something desirable then i remember how stressed it would make me because i'd be so determined to do the right and best thing for everyone and it ... '