' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oYWklAV_cwQ ok what i say you're wrong . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GqeAsmNLja0 i might've gone a bit over the top myself , but i was trying to make a point , because i know how difficult and confusing it can get once you start comparing somewhat arbitrary things like interests ... i still don't quite get that whole separation thing between being interested in ( i . e . ' focused ' on ) people vs . things . many - if not most - entps are somehow interested in science , technology etc .  ... i , uh , wasn't , uhm ... hi . : kitteh : hate it when that one > 93 % match constantly goes on about how important their fruit fetish is to them . www.youtube.com/watch?v=jlmrxjol4jm goo of awesome mom : enfp brother : enfp sister : don't know for sure , might be enfj or enfp ( i'm aware of the different functions , she's just a bit complicated ) dad : entj we're definitely the craziest / most ... stuff you should know / how stuff works is pretty awesome . also the nerdist , though i guess it depends on the guests . this american life has some great episodes but i feel like it varies a bit ... ... oh , don't get me wrong ; i'd never flat out say universal morality doesn't exist . in fact , i pretty much hate the notion of speaking in absolutes ( with very few exceptions , that is ) . or were you ... totally not stolen from a popular online dating website . hope this question hasn't been asked here a thousand times already since i really only was too lazy to search the forum . so what do you ... only know 3 possible entps other than me , for at least one of which i'm pretty sure to actually be one . none of them's been tested though . the one i'm rather sure about is my best friend ( i guess ) ... scarrdragon you've basically just described me to a t . sidenote to tuning out in social surrroundings : sometimes i unitentionally tend to do what appears to others like me zoning out completely , ... fair enough . still there's a big difference between needing to find a passion and simply wishing to find one . and from what i've read nobody on this thread said they needed to find a passion . but ... maybe it does work well for you so far , but calling it straight out utter bullshit seems a bit harsh , doesn't it ? having fleeting obsessions has pretty much been my life as concerning hobbies ... wait a sec ... you're complaining about having to take meds that make you even more awesome ? something's amiss here . and scientifically speaking , entps are enfps on amphetamines ? explains the ... a somewhat green , hilly land , maybe with a few snowy mountains here and there , deep forests and lakes in between and some wide , open ranges . i don't mind the cold , actually i'd take it over heat ... complicated . ( from an outside view , that is , and not necessarily in a negative way ) www.youtube.com/watch?v=WhOEtF4jHLA&hd=1 mr . cafebot greeted him twice ? this must be the long promised prophet ( prophet or not , hi and welcome :) ) cool , danke für den link :D word dispenser i'm gonna go ahead and say exactly as you did : this . very much this . all of it . what you said , what malkovich said , partly what meowww said . i can get somewhat sentimental at ... 86305 t'was halloween and being the part-time insomniac that i am i figured i might as well pick something fitting . and yes , i'll admit to loving fight club . dearly . just a few minutes ago i posted this to about a dozen friends . they're complaining already . and it feels goood . orange . and blue . and red . and black , if that counts as color . and green . damn it why must people always ask for a single one ? saw gravity earlier today . holy shit , that stuff was absolutely amazing on so many levels . definitely recommend seeing it on 3d and imax if possible ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LUCLgVds7UM&hd=1 the last two minutes are probably the most geniously wired simplistic wonderfulness my mortal senses were ever granted to feast on . 5 ' 11 , a bit over 155lb . can't really say i fit the stereotype . :/ congrats buddy . hope i'll meet you there one day , though at this point i can't really see it . pronoun . thank you , powershell . you just made my brain explode . i'm with cindy on this one , entp sure seems like a good fit . might possibly be intp though . do you sometimes experience symptoms of scatterbrainedness ? for example , being scatterbrained . fight club , for the bazillionth time . i came . welcome ! nothing new to say really but you're not alone struggling through that kind of situation . hope you'll find some further insight here , at least there's lots of thought-provoking stuff to ... unbelievable . well yeah , but you're still you so that doesn't count ... i've never had any problems visualizing things in my head . actually i think i'm quite good at it , especially when it comes to more complex things . creating movie scenes in my head , for example - take ... jagten . damn that shit was intense . makes you think about how stupid and ignorant people can be when it comes to seeing what they want to see , all the while making you think yeah , this could be ... this exactly . life extension ? i'd do almost anything for that . better yet : full immunity to desease and aging , soft immortality basically . sometimes i get genuinely sad when thinking about how ... make yourself go out and meet new people , last time i checked there were plenty just waiting . and if not , there's always wikipedia . trust me , i'm right . - [ random objection about how i can't always be right - i know , but trust me , i'm actually right . i looked it up . ( no matter if true or not ) never cheated on anyone , though i wouldn't say any of my past relationships were deep and / or intimate enough to say that anything i could've done would've been serious cheating . i don't think i'd ... nt for sure from what i see every day , though i do know loads of nfs who love puns too ... so i'd even go as far and say xnxx . wouldn't say that sensors generally don't like or use them as much but ... hey sweetie , want some cake ? how's the weather ? :p roud : ever thought about depression ? cause that can turn even the most upbeat and confident people into whiny wimps . naked gun 1 and 2 1/2 , funniest shit ever . i love how i can watch those a million times , still laugh my ass off and still discover little details i never noticed before ... and that sex scene in part ... damn these stuffed olives and peppers are good . i bet it's got something to do with the cheese . thanks for the welcome :) currently i'm kind of in between jobs . i'm definitely going to start working again once semester break is over , but i can't really say yet what i'm going to do . probably ... this . and by now i somehow doubt it will ever go away completely :( anyway , welcome to the forum ! if you want to get an overall better insight in how the whole type thing works i highly recommend ... '