hi , dupin . i'm 19 and from new hampshire :) thank you so much for responding to this ! i only just saw your reply . i really appreciate you taking the time to give me advice . all the best ! :) alright , so i've been trying this new thing where i go outside of my house ... haha okay not really but i do have a therapy appointment once a month just to check in with my counselor and make sure ... thank you for all of your responses ! you've really lifted my spirits ; i don't feel like such a freak anymore :) awkwarddork oh my goodness , i don't know if you looked at my profile but i'm a 4w3 ... i try to use the word ' awkward ' sparingly in my life but as i get older , i just seem to get more ... awkward . i'll admit that i've sort of withdrawn from society - i have about 3 friends at the moment ... i love entp's because they're typically just as hyperactive as i am but they're a lot less anxious so they mellow me out :) tissue box throwing mixed with a high pitched scream . i'm the same way ! what i do is pencil in something around the shape or face to adjust it . like , a part of the grain of the wood of my closet door looked like a the profile of a skeleton and it always ... there's no doubt in my mind that i'm an enfp but i was wondering if this was common to the enfp archetype . i'm always getting ahead of myself - so much so that i'll actually end up having terrible ... lately ix92ve been in an introspective , thinking sort of mood and ix92ve realized that ix92ve always struggled with change . i remember when i was a little kid ix92d cry every night about not wanting to grow ... thank you so much for your advice ! i was honestly starting to worry that i wasn't an enfp anymore just because of how negative i've become but you've given me hope . it's so nice to know that someone ... generally , i'm a very warm , friendly person . in fact , people tell me that i'm too nice . but i think that it's because of my enfpness that i don't like people very much - i find that no one can really ... i love your avatar ! :) unknowingly haha :) most of the time , i just talk to people like i know all of their secrets . this causes a lot of problems ... a lot of girlfriends don't like me . they don't realize i'm harmless :p https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LTnq268y2ms lol but seriously : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9wFX0ewuWBc this one is like flying unicorns farting glitter xd i've always found comfort in fellow enxp's . my best friend is an enfp and most of the guys i like end up being entp's . i've actually realized that i can type an entp just by looking at them - if ... my ' status ' changed a lot through high school . sometimes i was the class clown , other times a social butterfly , and , towards the end when i was feeling a bit like et , i was a lone wolf :) i was wondering if this was just me or if it's a trait that enfp's share . i feel smothered incredibly easily . if a guy is pursuing me and he says all the right things ( eg . your hair looks pretty , ... when i was younger , i was really optimistic , open , friendly , and sweet . now i'm seventeen and , though i'm still all of these things , i'm more guarded than i've ever been . my therapist says it's ... i'm very much a dreamer and an idealist . that i know for sure . but everything i want to do with my life is probably very unrealistic ( i'm sixteen ) . my version of a plan is that i'll keep working on ... i'm very much a dreamer and an idealist . that i know for sure . but everything i want to do with my life is probably very unrealistic ( i'm sixteen ) . my version of a plan is that i'll keep working on ... i'm definitely an enfp ... maybe i just have really bad nerves ? are anxiety problems common in enfps ? thank you for the in depth answer by the way :) when i was younger i always thought there was something wrong with me because whenever anything slightly out of the ordinary happened , i'd start shaking , my teeth would start chattering , and my heart ... i don't mind that i don't fit in . that's always been a major part of my life and i'm actually kind of relieved that it is . what bothers me is that people treat me like i don't exist , like i'm not ... before i begin , i have to say that i'm definitely an enfp . i fit the whole profile and was really excited ( yet kind of disappointed ) to find that there are millions of people like me in the world ... i've never heard of it . what is it ? thank you for all of your replies ! i didn't expect to get this many ! :) when i said ' friends ' , i just meant people i talk to to get through the school day . everyone is like that at my school and ... i don't know if it's just me or if it's a trait of enfp's , but i feel like i'm a little too honest sometimes . for instance , when my friends are talking about someone who's not there , i'll stand up ... i understand that the post came off as very negative to you and i can see why . however , i did list the traits that i love about guy entp's . i'm not going to describe how he was an asshole , like other ... this is almost exactly what has happened to me . i moved to a new school about a year ago and really hit it off with everyone at first . i made friends quickly and had such a fun time . but after 2 ... if i could get a tattoo , i'd probably have one too :) i don't know if it's an enfp thing or if it's just a me thing , but i've always felt like i was born at the wrong time . i belong in the 60 ' s haha ... how did you know this ? sorry to keep pestering you but i think this whole personality thing is really interesting :) wow , that sounds curious :) and me too ! haha people most often refer to me as a hippy , so i made my avatar a girl who reminds me of a hippy :) we're both 4s ! ! haha i just realized that . oh yeah ! that sounds about right . i have no idea what else it might be . are some of the characters from the first season in the second , or did they drop ... haha :p yeah , i noticed that too but i felt like we had a deeper connection than he did with other people ( after all , i was the person he always came back to ) . and i think the whole of our enfpness ... oddly enough , it was the same for me . he knew exactly how to talk to me , how to act around me , and he was so sweet when he wanted to be . so sweet . he was really flirty , too , so that was fun :) and ... it really stinks too , because their womanizing ways lead them into being heartbreakers ! i think entp's are the hardest to get over . right ? ! i love how quirky it is . i haven't seen the second season ... same haha . and yeah , it's one of my favorite shows ! tate is my favorite character :) this past week was spirit week at my school so people were dressed in odd fashions and i was skipping math and ... one of my friends is obsessed with japan and korea . really . she believes that her soulmate is a k-pop singer and she writes him letters about her life and always brings him up in conversation . if ... yay ! thank you :) wow ! okay , here we go :) ( and you're not a drag at all ! ) ix92m 16 . i was born with a disorder known as x93ehlers - danlos syndromex 94 . to summarize it , eds is characterized by thin , stretchy , ... oh yay ! here goes :) type 2w3 ( the helper , i relate to this because i kind of feel useless if i'm not helping someone and i feel great if i am . a lot of people know that if they need advice or a ... i've been taking enneagram tests and looking through the descriptions of each enneagram , and it seems like i fit at least 4 of them , if not all of them . is this a common finding ? i'm glad someone gets it haha . this might sound a little weird , but did he brag about the size of his ' endowment ' or his sexual conquests ? because that's what this guy did ... all the time . it got ... wow . thank you so much . the guy i'm mainly talking about when i say ' entp ' ( the one i have the most experience with ) was all of these things and all of the good things i mentioned in the first ... thanks for replying ; it's kind of cool how you can just state something about your ' people ' haha . and i didn't mean to stereotype - i tend to avoid generalizing anything - but , honestly , every entp guy ... then maybe he wasn't an entp ? because he flirted a lot then ( and so did every guy i labeled as an entp ... ) . even when he was in a serious relationship , he flirted with me and never even talked about ... so i always love entp guys . it really stinks , too , because all of them ( or at least the ones who i've met ) have been kind of douchey . they're really fun and exciting and laid back and i love being ... hahaha just checkin ' : tongue : i wouldn't say that i'm not charming ... :) just not charming enough . i'm typically more direct and idealistic - i'm too focused on my goals to pay attention to how i might seem when i speak or move ...