' thanks for the link ! i appreciated that article a lot . this is something i've not quite had the lucidity to say ( lol ): it is important to keep in mind , as you are observing and tracking eye ... antipode well , at first ( 3 years ago or however long it has been ) it was necessary to already know the person's type because , well , you have to start somewhere . i was aware that this would cause a a ... this kind of thing has always fascinated me , though i haven't learned about the exact sections of the brain as i'd have liked to . and i'm glad you mentioned this because this is one of the things ... there's not a lot of eye movement to work with here , so i don't feel i can give an answer with any certainty . however i would agree that intp is more likely . that's pretty much just an opinion ... moonrube so this is your pattern - - at least from this video . assuming that there were no extenuating factors in the video , this closely resembles an enfp pattern . this is yours ... 267450and ... it's all good , and thank you ! ^ _ ^ sorry i responded so late o . o i'll have the results from your video soon . :) i'm trying to take extra precautions for accuracy's sake , so it may take a little bit . but soon ! much to my chagrin , there is no website or program . this is done by hand on a jpeg or notepad . i usually take multiple samples from different videos for accuracy , but a single video of you directly ... hey guys . i know it's been a long time since i've been active on here . needed to continue this work in the seclusion of my batcave for a while . i hope to be on a little bit more in coming weeks . i ... okay . this wasn't quite enough time to gather any particularly informative eye movements . however , i did not see anything to disagree with your being esfp ( i . e . no fe inflections or expressions , ... this work is still ongoing , the main issue is that this takes a lot of time so i must alot and hour or two in my day to get everything done - - so the work is slow . right now we are trying to solve ... here's a request that was sent in from to track her eye movements ! the results are ... infj ! ! ! yaaayyy ! 75254 compared with amy lee vvv 75253 the drawing on the left is typical of entps , and so is the one on the right - - though less so than the one on the left . however , what this does show is lead ne due to the heavy lateral movements . ... high 5 , bobdaduck ! okay . we'll be waiting ! i'm not entirley sure that the video was the best to judge off of ( not really your fault , just that he kept looking at the camera like it was a centepede and you told him to be nice to it . lol . ) but ... i understand your skepticism . however , if she is not esfp , then she is an estj like bob believes . her being an intuitive is all but off the table . the only thing i can afford you is that a ... sorry for the tripple post , but i need to separate these thoughts . vanishing point . i do not recall saying that kate bush was istj . : 0 we need more data on the lead sensors anyway before coming ... i would say that the ni / se and fi elements are the most visable in the intj data . the ni and fi responsible for the reflective / detached portions , and the se for the sheer amount of movement ( se ... i can see that there is a lot to talk about . : o so let's get started . this is a thread devoted to eye tracking . that being said , i try not to use other typing methods while doing the eye tracking ... vanishingpoint this is what amos showed : 72106 this seems to indicate that she is a sensor because of prolonged staring and the fact that she only really hits 3 points on the map constantly ... ahh . a believer ! lol . i agree . functions are the most important thing to look at . period . all else is the sum of the functions . the factors motivating the behavior of ( for instance ) sjs opposed ... i was mainly sad that i wasn't suprised ; that this is the world our children will be born into.though i'm from seattle , i've always liked boston and it is awful that something like that happened or ... we greatly appreciate the offer ! we will think about it . we are very cautious about such things and think about it before saying yes or no ( as good judgers are . ;) ) . we will keep you posted ... thank you for the conscientiousness of your video ; it met all requirements . you are an infj : 68225 there were a few more fi arcs than are normal , but you were being prety epic about something at ... i have to agree with here . my vote is estp . 67425 now , on first glance , one might think : well this looks like an intuitive type ! o_o but there's a very big difference here . notice ... here's a refresher on intjs . i had some more , but i want to do more confirmation before i released them . here's a new ones on chris cornell , trent reznor , and an older one of lance armstrong . ... we are waiting until we have 100 % of the information until we release a full list ( to hammer out any unseen mistakes before release ) . we will keep you posted on the intp data . hayley is an infj ( 95 % ) . i will post that data soon . it is interesting that people think she's enfp because it's a confusion of this : extrovert with fi ? or introvert with fe ? her style is rather ... i concur with bob . :) actually there are no great videos that match up with the requirements for the eye tracking . but from what was there and what i saw , i have to ( respectfully ) disagree with bobdaduck in this one . ... here's an update : i have identified the following : lindsey stirling ( violin + dubstep artist ): enfp <3 63315 tim mcilrath ( rise against ): enfj 63316 what separates this from an entj is that ... true , actors complicate the body language issue . i've noticed that xnfp and entj actors will give off false fe signals . but there are ways you can still tell . xnfps in particular will do this ... a good rule is 1/2 your age plus 7 . what matters is whether you can be there for eachother . can a 25 year old relate to and help a 20 year old ? yes . but what about a 40 year old ? if the age ... i'm right handed and i slant right , but i'm almost vertical . passepartout i will need to collaberate with bobdaduck a little further because i have virtually no data on isfjs and esfps . though , these people do seem to fit the mark for some one those two ... i believe these will be easier than most to type . your videos are very good samples , thank you ! i will get right on these . not estj . they stare way longer . streep didn't stare at all . i still want something more concrete on infps . the fi arcs are a big tell , but i also want a more defined pattern . okay , my computer is fixed ! this is what i have on streep : 6037260373 these are two interviews ( i'm trying to add more confirmation to the data , so i'm trying to do two or three at a time ) ... i like the idea and me and bob will talk about it . the issues that comes to mind are the following . a . people can't know what the experiment is about or they'll be thinking about it . b . they ... oops , sorry , i forgot to notify everyone that my computer is currently broken . ( i'm using my phone at the moment ) i will be able to put up more data once i either fix it or jury rig it . i'm ... oh yeah . i can talk to enfps for hours on end . i have a enxp sense of humor . also , they are our shadow function counterpart . make that 5 people . :) however , i fear that it is too late . not to mention the political issues that are causing his imprisonment are the same issues preventing the u . s . from taking the initiative ... while political correctness is going to be a problem with this thread , i will make a list anyway . lol . i will rather list the top 10 and leave the rest unspecified . 1 . infj 2 . entp 3 . intj 4 ... honestly , i do this thing i call playing dead . lol . it's where i'm perfectly civil - - but i go super introverted . then , when soneone ( good friend ) walks in i suddenly come alive and engage that ... in many ways i actually prefer introverted girls . but i think the biggest thing is how much someone opens up . guys react to i think she likes me ! very strongly . extroverted girls will send ... die and let my sibling live . would you rather save mlk or gandhi ? no snowflake in an avalanche feels responsible ... - voltaire every man is guilty of all the good he didn't do ... - voltaire never give up on what you want to do ... the person with ... i happen to think he was off his rocker . but se / fi for sure . and he was not xntj . that realty , really , really points at isfp . superunknownvortex , thank you so much for making this thread ! i was wondering about this ! i took it about a month ago , and it was freaky accurate . 1 . input 2 . strategic 3 . individualization ... because i'm impatient and did not read the instructions i only chose one ; easily swayed . had i been lucid i would have also selected materialistic and short term . '