' i'm dating a guy that i'm about 95 % sure is an infj , and the mushy stuff doesn't bother me . mostly because his mushy comes in the form of physical affection vs sonnets or pet names . however , once ... now this makes me laugh ! i recently have come to terms with the fact that i might possibly have sex appeal and i'm not sure how comfortable i am with that . when guys i think are super hot tell me ... i feel like some people don't always see the potential in a particular relationship that i can see . i'm big on possibilities . i think that probably also has played a part in the on again , off again ... i tend to be all over the place . i do the bohemian thing most of the time , but sometimes for work i'll go preppy in khakis , blouses , and cardigans . i rarely wear skirts or dresses unless they're over ... i didn't see any recent threads about this , so i thought i'd start a new one . i have noticed that i struggle with dating . i'm 31 now and feel like i may be getting a handle on the way it all ... i'm a terrible driver . i get distracted easily and when i get to thinking about something i'll totally miss turns . i'm usually late so i'm in a hurry all the time . and i have no sense of ... i dated an infp for 2 years . when he was happy or felt secure in the relationship , he was extremely loving and i enjoyed being with him . but if i hurt his feelings in some way , he'd do exactly what ... i've been in love with almost every guy i've dated longer than two months . and i've dated all types of guys . of course it wasn't real love--it was loving the person that i could be with each guy if ... i went ahead and initiated contact . we'd already not been talking , so what did i have to lose ? however , he was extremely apologetic and only didn't respond because he'd handled things so poorly and ... i forgot to ask if you'd be receptive to contact in my situation ? if so , how can i reach out without making it look like i'm playing games ? i can't speak for all entps , but i know i'm pretty confusing . it takes me a while to figure out what it is i'm feeling and i have doubts like everyone else , but instead of pulling back to sort it ... i totally think it could work . we did have a lot of fun and got along really well in a lot of ways , but we both had also come out of previous situations we needed more time to recover from . had we ... . he said the issue wasnx 92t that he didnx 92t like me , but that he just wanted to slow things down . if his behavior hadnx 92t changed and we were just seeing one another less , i wouldx 92ve been ok . it ... i dated an entj and the relationship went like this : the night we met , i approached him . we talked , and at the end of the night i laid one on him . but the night ended badly and it was my fault ... i'm an entp female , and i'm pretty sure the guy i just dated is an enfp . i still really like him as a person , but i think we were at two different places in our lives ( i'm older , and he was still ... is it wrong that i can't stop kiising you ? i was watching your eyes and could totally tell the exact moment you quit listening to my story ... i find you very easy to talk to . you're ... as you get older , it will get easier . i went through an akward phase when i was a bit younger , but now that i'm in my 30 ' s i don't have such a hard time . yes , there will always be people who don't ... my friends all say they thought i was a bitch the first time we met . i grew on them though and now they're in love . interesting . i had a blow out with an isfp i'd dated . well , he actually blew , i just stood there in shock . there was a lot of name calling and blaming and i couldnt figure out if he really thought i ... i think he tried to do the quick escape thing by telling me he was going to put me in a hotel . he said there wasn't really anything else to say . i asked him why he asked me to come if he never ... i thought he was worth it which is why i went 2300 miles away to see him . however , now i'm torn . if i use my head and look at the facts i should be super pissed and hurt and take what he said at ... wait a minute . after reading through some of the posts by isfps about anxiety and relationships it seems to me that they do a good job of making others feel they're special , when really that's kind ... bassclef , the only reason i thought the friendship thing would work is because nothing really bad happened between us--we just weren't dating anymore . of course that was before my trip at this ... i would really appreciate some advice . i recently visited an isfp guy that ix92d dated for a few months . we stopped talking when he moved . i was willing to try the long-distance thing , he wasnx 92t . ... so , i think what you're saying is that he invited me impulsively and then realized he didn't like me as much as he thought once i got there . then he felt trapped in his own space and sort of lashed ... [ quote = wmdistraction ; 686249 ] i think there should be a warning with most entps , especially when around enfps : caution : only handle in small doses [ / quote why is that ? i'm adding an additional emotion question since you guys are all so fascinating to me : laughing :: do you often feel anxious around certain people ? if so , why ? yeah , the last blow out i had with my ex went beyond where anybody else i'd known had taken things--like he just wanted to ruin me . it's hard to describe . luckily the nt part of me knew that what ... i wonder if it the gender of each type makes a difference . what do you feel like after you've had one of these episodes ? have you ever gone past the point of no return with someone while angry ? this is really interesting . i asked the same question in the enfp forum and it seems with them there's a lot of outward expression of feelings that they don't always understand , while entps don't ... that's interesting . i dated and enfp guy who would kind of snap at me out of nowhere ( at least it seemed like nowhere to me ) and i figured out it was because i'd hurt his feelings in some way . when ... how do you act when you're angry ? defensive ? hurt ? how do you act when you're angry ? defensive ? hurt ? yes , the communication differences seem to be a big issue . but it's only in romantic relationships--my enfp friends think my abrasiveness , or borderline bitchiness as they put it , is hilarious . i have a great ability to forgive . i tend to not take a lot personally , and my feelings don't get really bruised because someone acts like a jerk to me . i don't put up with a lot of crap , and will ... i'm always drawn to enfp men . we have so much fun together . but it seems like in the end , those relationships are the ones that end in total disaster . any ideas why this is ? do i have to give up ... i did leave the situation alone . we were just randomly catching up after a few months of not talking . i asked him if he was ever coming back home to visit and then he suggested i come out there . ... hi all . i'm an enfp who went to visit an istp guy i had dated briefly before he moved across the country . he initally told me he didn't see a point in my visiting , but a few months later he invited ... i'm and entp female , and i do feel like i'm a romantic . i think relationships are about connecting and i have no problem jumping into things if i think there's potential , but only if i'm positive ... what do you think it is about your personality that is attracted to , or attracts them ? yeah , i don't see him being like that . he's had a fair amount of long term relationships and it sounds like he stayed longer than he should have in all of them . he also said he's used to psycho ... thanks so much for the feedback ! i'm going to go for it . at least i'll know there aren't any lingering questions before we go our separate ways , and i'll be able to move on without regrets . no arioche , we haven't had a really good conversation about this at all . i'll admit i've been confusing as well , so i'm sure that hasn't helped . i've never come out and said what i want either . ... i'm sorry if this is posted twice , but i can't tell if i deleted the first one . so , when he made the comment i think it would be mean to spend time together if we're not going to be in a ... so when he made the comment it would be mean for us to spend time together if we're not going to have a relationship am i supposed to take that as i don't want to be in a relationship with you and ... hi all . i'm and entp that failed at having a relationship with an enfp . i think it was mostly because i didn't understand where he was coming from , which seems odd because we're technically cousins ... '