' http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GDDaS4o-UR4 i support deleting the trash section . that trash has been sitting out on the curb for months , it's obvious it's not going to be picked up , and at this point it's starting to stink . once was enough for me to never want to experience it again sensible response . alcoholism is a serious issue in our society . but we act like it only matters when it involves the operation of ... the case of the florida moderator election rigging here a couple weeks ago , and its aftermath . i would like to take this opportunity to formally renounce my username and any claims to it as a ... in the real world they do have vote recounts . but don't mind what i say , i am a spy for fidel castro those are beers ? i was a bit thrown , because my first impression was that they were coke , because coke ads with polar bears are so imbedded in my thick little trollish cranium , and then i noticed ... there is no penguins at the north pole wow , good catch ! if it hadn't been for your shrewd attention to detail i would have readily believed this photo was genuine and not photo-shopped . thanks ... with that approach you could just call it the curb and have separate subsections for plastic , glass , metal , and yard waste . kicked to the curb would take on new meaning here . you're both wrong . it's not a waste of money , because you can probably save the $ 5 worth of food ( what can you buy for $ 5 anymore , can't even buy a sandwich for that most places ? ) and eat it later ... i think there should be just one subsection of threads that do not appear on the main page , those with potentially offensive titles , mostly because of swear words . i would like to be able to ... i'd thank lance too , but he's already confused , and possibly drunk for all i know , and i don't want to piss him off . cause he's that guy . lance is to personality cafe what simon is to britain's ... you suckers have all been thanked . if you have any babies to kiss bring them here , and shake my outstretched grubby hand while you're at it . ah , democracry at work ! the greatest system of ... i just thanked you to obligate you to vote for me . also to annoy you with that flashing reputation thingy i will second that nomination on condition that it is fully understood that i will do everything in my power to stuff the ballots and rig the elections , all in the interest of creating a little ... because you've just hit the core of the whole problem . africans were brought to this country as slaves because the european-americans considered them non-humans , physically resembling humans but ... there's plenty of fluff in all categories . it would be hypocritical to pretend that forum fluff was confined to the spam section . i estimate 96 % of all posts in the whole forum could be classified as ... there's nothing wrong with mixed-rice . white rice , thrown in with brown rice , wild rice , lentils , barley , wheatberries ( my favorite ) , lima beans , soybeans , chick peas , even bulgar and couscous too ... in the slim jim ads the jerky beefhead says eat me ! ! do you do that ? african-american was an offensive term created by politically correct hypocrites who were all about social appearances to cover their lack of empathy . duke ellington said many decades ago that it ... are we allowed to call kettles black again ? or are we still expected to call them aphrikin-amerikin . ok cool thanks ___ live life to the fullest how do i host a troll on here ? let's see if a verified imbecile can attempt to translate for other lowbrows : welcome welcome welcome new members to personality cafe , home of the myers-briggs test in a coffeehouse setting ! ... this forum is for all you trolls , flamers , or anyone for that matter to let your inner spam out ! i think calling me an imecile is less trolling than it is flaming . likewise , you sir are a ... it is wonderful that you have all discovered the zodiac . swonderful , ' smarvelous . whatever this signifies to you . perhaps it means that you have obtained an insight into your own astrological ... what do you call them . barney ? belly jeans http://dl8.glitter-graphics.net/pub/88/88718b3wxzpl8uq.jpg click user cp from top click edit options click default thread subscription mode deselect notifications it looks like the red wrestler is planning to grab the troll babes , and they seem flattered by it . it also looks like the red wrestler and the wooden tree troll are deciding whether they want to ... as bs cs ds es fs gs hs is js ks ls ms ns os ps qs rs ts us vs ws xs ys zs these could be confused with as , is , us , united states , mississippi , bullshit or bachelor of science , kansas , muscular ... manifesto : take it off . take it all off . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B_pWTlN15bc nyx java_monkey alanna daylightsun nightriser ambiance snail hotgirlinfl zaria minority http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kWo4YodR9Jo http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SeONnMIZrng a couple of the most-troll-like people left something must be lacking there you can't prove that's me . looks more like a gnome . i'm here as a fellow community member to ask something very simple ; help me . help me , and each other , remember why we're here--and what we hope to accomplish . what we hope to learn , about ourselves ... if you are what you eat , kevin is definitely a pig . you , on the other hand , are pond scum . i'm not sure it was a blasphemy , but if it was a blast for you that's good enough . if there's no algae on your hamlet your post is off-topic . madness ! be careful it doesn't go down the wrong pipe algae juice for breakfast may not be madness but it is a bit surreal not just for breakfast anymore as far as i understood the auction it was bidding for a virtual date . unless it was specified as cybersex i don't think it counts as prostitution . it still recalls oklahoma to me , where the men ... if this is in reference to the man auction thread it should be recognized that ( i believe ) that auction was not intended as virtual slavery but as a bid-on-date akin to the lunch basket auction in ... either your appearance resembles a goat too much , or what you imagine to be trolls are in fact something else . in either case you should avoid walking under bridges . may 17 is international troll day http://dl.glitter-graphics.net/pub/2068/2068531k9fkplq5fr.gif ... you're unlikely to find a menorah shop open on saturday nor a post office at this hour . better just drink some sweet wine for your initiation . it might be simpler to just convert to judaism , then it would be a sin to work on saturday . as if anybody cares '