' i've always been attracted to introverted guys . i had one e bf and either we were always competing or i turned inward . he was not one who could seem to turn inward at all , he derived all sense of ... i agree with all that kerry wrote and wanted to add that it obviously depends on who we give our love to . some folks can accept our enfp love and reciprocate , others can not and that's when it hurts ... in my case , it was thoroughly sub-conscious . i would never consciously change myself just to please another , in fact i can't respect people pleasers , unless they are trying to fight that need and are ... i definitely think this is my responsibility and while i have mixed feelings about the guy i wrote about , it's imperative that i learn how to not lose myself with anyone . the steps you outlined have ... yes , i've been wondering where you were ! i saw what was at least infatuation with my intx and it certainly seemed to have him distracted from everything else . is there ever a good reason for ... i'm not sure how this turned into a thread on one night stands . this guy and i were friends for a year before we even kissed . it hurts tremendously to lose a friend in this way . he's too ... welcome ! and i second closet's query about your travels ... i prefer robin williams as an example of an enfp male . will smith strikes me as superficial and that type of person ( but i'll admit , especially the men ) irritate me to no end . williams has the depth ... i'm encouraged by these statements because i feel similarly . i've found that certain groups of friends see me one way and another will perceive me in the almost an opposite way . yes , that moment was sad albeit illuminating . i realized he'd always revert to his way of self-preservation ( which i find destructive ) despite everything we went through together . thanks and i ... just to clarify : we had been friends for about a year before it became physical . i've considered this but i don't know how i would feel about it . before it became such an issue , i really enjoyed the physical intimacy but now it certainly is an issue . not sure where to go from ... a few nights ago i said i thought we needed to take a break . unfortunately , it did come up when he was already irritated with me but i felt i had to say it that night because i was either going to ... ha , when i was a teen i think my rage ( and it was rage ) over being broken up with was so intense i probably had a psychotic break : shocked :: dry : and unfortunately , i did get a rep for being kinda ... ( oops , i just saw this ! ) out of curiosity , what did you read that swayed you ? what are the benefits of an enfp to you ? i can see why an intp would like an enfp but i'm not so sure what the female enfp would get out of it except some thoughtful conversation . while i really ... flirting can be friendliness , and even i have a hard time explaining this . while it seems absurd to most other types , i've never really known the difference between being friendly and flirting - - ... welcome ! i'm most likely an enfp but relate strongly to the j-side too so i'll be interested to see how your experience here develops . this would not have readily occurred to me but upon reflection i think you have a point about us . i know that if someone accuses me of being insensitive , and it's early in the relationship , i do get ... while i'm sure she does like you , make sure not to misread her friendliness for more at this time . without wanting to some enfps ( especially female , i think ) give others the impression that they are ... welcome fellow enfp ! i just joined and have found the folks her have a lot of info and insight to share - - have fun learning : happy : as far as biographies go , one of the best i've read is of american poet anne sexton by diane middlebrook dwm.com | books | anne sexton : a biography another good book about sexton is anne ... can somebody elaborate on these differences for me ? yes , this is exactly what is happening . there is an unconscious drain . i've found that many people in my life become attracted to me because i have an energy to me , which others , especially the ... i'm an enfp who has been dating an intx . some of you may have read my post about how to handle the relationship on infj forum . i spent some time with him this weekend but kept it brief ( just one ... i like bluntness , albeit with some good nf : laughing : padding . yes , i agree that i'm being hypervigilant and therefore it's hard to fully be in the moment . he may also be thinking about the ... ( edited to be less wordy and hopefully a bit more pg . ) a few days ago my sex partner couldn't ciimax and became very cold and distant very fast . soon after that i was dumb and seeked an apology ... i had an eye opening experience with him within the past 24 hours . i'll elaborate in another post when i have more time but in all honesty , i don't think he'll interpret what i do , however i chose to ... thank you for the link . on the few tests i've taken i always score as a 3 or 6 . ahh , feels good in my balanced enfp skin ; ) huh , i read about enfj and also my stand-by enfp and that site's description of an enfp is me in these respects : - i have been told i have this uncanny ... explain ? will check it out ... i just read that profile and while i'm sure i'm not , i can see why you'd think that based on what i've posted . it is important to me that i explain i care for this intx . while i have no idea how ... strangely , it's our time together , if private ( because he's extremely tense in pubic places ) , that is almost painfully sincere . i don't mean sex , but all of our time . it's the disagreements that have ... i quoted more than what i'd wanted . specifically , this is what resonated with me : interesting that you mentioned j because i have suspected he could be that too . he is all about the details and ... he got irritated with me when i asked what it had become and shut down . since i'm quite unsure about what i can handle , i'm refraining from labeling it . i don't want to lobby for girlfriend status if ... we are probably too early in the physical relationship to define it as more . i'd probably refer to it as dating . we don't talk about the future . it's very much in the present , which i like .  ... thanks for these links . they explain a lot . so far , i know i'm fe ... note : i posted this on the intp forum but many there suggested my friend may indeed be an intj . based on what i've read of each type , he certainly does seem to have more j traits such as being a ... some saw my intro thread so i'll try to elaborate a bit : i identify with e but need a lot of time alone . i'm good with people when i'm not too nervous and have been dealing with that with what i ... andrea : it hadn't occurred to me to identify with a type i'd never scored as but i'm actually encouraged , not confused by your information , so thanks . ( of course , the fact that you're an intp makes ... ah , thank you . very informative and an insightful explanation . so , what i may refer to as enthusiasm or charisma may strike some types as manipulative ? ( i realize that may be oversimplifying but ... thanks starry ! from the brief time i've spent studying mbti i agree with you about not spending so much time finding my exact type but more about learning how to identify and utilize my ... while reading about enfjs , i came upon a lot about manipulative enfjs . what behavior leads to this stereotype ? are others misunderstanding the enfj's motives ? well , i know a lot depends upon the situation : i may be naturally outgoing but certain types of social interaction stress me out so much i'll do most anything to avoid them , or while i'm passionate ... thanks to everybody for all the replies and the socionics links were interesting . ( now to figure out the difference between socionics and mbti ... ) i do think i am fairly well balanced because i've ... thanks ! of course , based on my most recent mbti test , i'm far more p than j . is there any info on how trauma may affect one's mbti result ? i think i'm naturally a j but sometimes fear or anxiety put ... i've taken mbti tests on similar minds and just now on mypersonality . i have tested as enfp , infp , entp , and entj . how can i find more specific questions to find my type ? i know that enfj fits me ... '