' how the passion is dying because of my financial problems creating distracting stress . yeah , there are many things that call to us and ultimately they will fade away , along with you . you have to get lost in the world for it to consume you . you can't just stay on top of it . half the fun is losing i'm feeling violent today accept wisdom when you're lost , not when you're curious . i was traumatized at age 3 and yes , stress is the primary ingredient in willpower . you have excess will power due to excess stress so by thinking about the existential responsibility you are simply ... sometimes it feels like my mind is going to explode because i'm so aware of everything . i greatly prize my get-away zone . unfortunately it makes me more of a tease to her , and there comes unrequited ... the honeymoon phase . it's like stepping into a portal of pure sex . fuck . love . its not as blind as they say it is . it sees everything . we're the ones who are blind , for not understanding how it is always right . existence and non-existence should co-exist . me too i love it . im feeling things again that i haven't felt in a long time . i'm genuinely interested in others but i wouldn't call myself a person . * shrugs * 714346 the movie it .. that one character with the long hair and bulky glasses was so me at that age . oh man was i good at making inappropriate jokes and just overall having way more ambition , fearlessness , ... sissy pimp ? lol illidaddy would be displeased they think of serendipity as earned , of work as bestowed , of success as deserved and reserved to the deserving . - sam vaknin after the rain i took the scenic route in life ... the 2020s . it is going to be the best decade ever . :) ) ) i've been called inspirational . i try to help people who are going through difficult struggles more than the average person who just wants some success . i'm trying to become a physical personal ... guys i'm really far into the future i'm thinking about how all this crazy weather is caused by human emotion which was caused by a long period of apathy coming to an end . america has much to learn still about how this world works . to know she's okay . i haven't felt this way since ... her . lol it's 11:11 as i'm writing this . there has been so many signs too overwhelming to dismiss that this is not only fated , but it is special and important to our ... i like the way you think lightning i think that's how we all go . unless we are murdered . ( not necessarily by man ) i watched what the health . i found it ironic / hypocritical that it itself is propaganda and using propaganda techniques of filtering gruesome imagery combined with emotional reactions to influence the ... call this correlation instead of causation , but there is peculiarity in the fact that nk launches missiles into the ocean and hurricanes come out of the ocean straight toward cuba . hmmm nk ... squirt https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zUQiUFZ5RDw no we need him still https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0HgW0FBHrNc also its voodoo stuff not jew stuff death people are in love with losing . many months ago i had visions of the future in great detail , horror-filled and tragic . a lot of what's been happening feels like it's going to climax within the month . expect the unexpected . the ... they saw someone else do it ? my feelings may not be as strong as i think they are , but i react to my feelings profoundly . for example , if i feel sick there is a good chance i'll feel like dying . if i feel in love there is a good ... donald trump is somebody i type as 2w3 , and if you look at his behavior you can see how the w3 manifests not as deceit but as insincerity / sincerity ( it's a spectrum ) . also just want to quickly jive in that yes deceit is attached to 3s as their vice , but i think what their true vice is is rather insincerity - they can be rather wishy washy , unopinionated , and ... so what's your type if you sell seashells by the seashore ? been trying to type this sally bitch for some time now . cool another giant atlantic hurricane ... irma . we will see where it wants to hit next week . apocalypses are fun i guess . :( that would be satan sir . actually some of the more academic professions have a problem with bullying culture at the tops of their ranks . a lot of doctors for example can't make it as doctors unless they can survive in bully ... cool i love personal attacks and typism , it shows so much strength of character and lack of cowardice . i love being private messaged and asked to partake in someone's drama started by their emotional ... your posts portray no happy-go-luckiness , but only thorny aggression . i think ... we were the happy go lucky ones actually . what is unnecessary is using a post that should be about me and making it about her . you swooped in like an opportunist , using the leverage gained from me using your name in my post to further your ... no idea why one sentence isn't enough to clarify some change and a few paragraphs of complaining about something irrelevant to the clarification itself is excused under the guise of using said post ... ponpiri despotic wants me to post quote his message so you see it . can you instead remove him off your ignore list , read it , then freely put him back on your ignore list so i don't have to get ... got season 8 predictions : 710330 ... so you have much to choose from . :D messy thoughts can get angry ... shut up no one asked you im hungry '