' my best friend is an intj , i love him dearly . it was a weird and rocky start but hes like a brother to me . at one point we wanted to date each other but then we realized it was best that we left it ... my sister is an estj , i'm thankful shes in my life , im also thankful we don't live in the same state . i love her dearly i do and god forbid someone gets the both of us mad at the same time , together ... i hope they haven't infiltrated the infp forum ... > . > when the pain of staying the same hurts worse than the pain of changing , its time to change ~ az don't try helping your friend pull toothpick out of his eye if you have a redwood growing out of ... i must be a terrible infp because i find pranks hilarious , for example one time the stove door broke , i fixed it so the next person to open it the whole stove door fell off without causing injury , i ... paleontologist , i liked the thought of digging up cool stuff people forgot about . what i was aiming for was more archeology but i ran around telling everyone i was going to be a paleontologist ... don't underestimate the epicness of a pake ... because why have sammiches when you can have cookies and booze ? what says love more than freshly baked cookies and a bottle of good booze ? this also happens to be my plan for world infp domination ... you are loved <3 no i will not make you a sammich . i wish everyone would exercise the golden rule treat others the way you want others to treat you grats meepers ! i think your so awesome much love for you too this made my day :D bless you . ~ az it makes me think of being free and being able to go wherever i want ( birds ) ... also theres not enough birds to make a perfect v ... this bothers me ~ az usually when my lame brother in law says this to my sister its due to his own guilt because hes been doing the cheating and feels guilty how this makes him accuse her of doing it i don't understand ... jesus , alexander the great , ghandi , mother theresa , patton on a side note id have liked to party with genghis khan , leonidas , socrates and aristotle ... at the same party :) i feel so much better that made my day , its nice to know im appreciated . ~ az because sometimes i like playing the part of little red riding hood , we aren't sheep , im glad the disguise fools you tho ;) ~ az can i have one of your awesome hugs too ? i hug back and i promise everything will work out , theres always a silver lining to every cloud . sometimes silly crap in life that sucks is just a blessing in ... has anyone told you that your amazing today ;) just thought id let you know . ~ az j squirrel oooh , can i cuddle with you and we can watch together ? i'll nibble on you just a little , i promise wont bite unless you ask ;) ~ az yay for intj's on the infp forum :) bumped an awesome thread and gave a compliment ... its because im made of pixie dust and win . ~ az dear istj , you really hurt me , then you lied , then you ignored me for 2 days which hurt me more , why do you drive me so insane because you know tomorrow when you arranged a time to talk ill ... we do * swoon * facebook has become even more horrible than before with timelines . i filled mine out and added pictures on a day i was being fun ... on non fun days where i like to be a hermit i consider deleting my ... no ... my intj's go away :P all your intj's are belong to me . you guys are all so fun ~ <3 az http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KU5o6M7S5nQ she might just be playing hard to get , ever think that ? something worth chasing is something worth keeping , plus its more fun that way :) i was a loner who would sometimes choose what crowd she wanted to mingle with that week and i could fade back into obscurity starting the loner thing again , had boyfriends but never was serious with ... i just sought the advice of my 12 year old daughter tonight ... she told me to follow my heart , i totally am on board for this plan . while some adults might see this as ridiculous and childish i see ... ive been crazy over someone much younger than i am for a long time . i confessed this to them today . im scared what the resulting outcome will be . i think he likes me back too . this will tarnish my ... i do this all the time , i have to cut people loose because sometimes they become more stumbling blocks that hold me back . i had one girl who was my closest friend for many years . she was a hot mess ... i am lawful evil , because landsharks in pvp battlegrounds are hilarious if you use halo right after as an s-priest :) now group up alli scum so i can mind sear the melee . no teabagging tho its not ... http://youtu.be/G-XuW2oEWFs i don't know about you guys but i feel glorious today , it could also be the joy i get from listening to amazing show tunes all night long ... happiness is infectious , so pass it on ! ~ az then ill make your heart flutter ... lol if you can catch the wind and hold onto fire . good luck :P my best friend is an intj and we are an evil think tank when put in the same room together with booze . i cant imagine my life without him in it , at first we thought we would end up together , however ... http://youtu.be/LroABeeh99E i had one in high school my sister and i had fun at her expense later and got to distribute karma for how she treated us . ms.hedden , told me i could never be a forensic anthropologist in front of the ... http://youtu.be/gPDcwjJ8pLg ... http://youtu.be/C6MOKXm8x50 id be close to 90 , with failing memory eyesight and bad hearing , id just eat a few bottles of rx drugs and chase it with a handle of black rum for good measure . leave a note for my family that says ... this sounds like an evil think tank of fun ... however by the nights end we just might get arrested or worse . this song just makes me feel awesome http://youtu.be/mnYrzeKDp-A life is about ebb and flow of things , happiness included . my mom used to tell me the rain falls on the just and the unjust alike sometimes a day is just not my day and that's it , i mess up im a ... i'd feel bad after i got over the high of playing god but my kid is my life . in my opinion this whole big green earth exists just so she could exist and fill the world with her amazing awesomeness ... im glad all my cats admire me back ! :) sorry 2 billion people kiss your ass goodbye ! i love my family too much . i wouldn't even blink an eye when i said it either i will fight for them to the death . they have always been there for me and ... it depends on the day and how others have been treating me and how image conscious i am at that moment , sometimes i see myself as an amazing woman im smart , funny and gorgeous . im interesting and fun ... im sending you ehugs right now girl . don't sweat the small stuff with me , it will blow over . ~ az i was like this ... so shameful . people , don't treat kids bad or look down your nose on them . they know what's up just because they don't have the words for it doesn't mean they are unaware of all the ... '