' has anyone read this book / seen the movie ? i hope so ! it's very good . i'm reading the book and i'm more than halfway done . i've seen the movie , too , but that was a long time ago so i forgot most of ... i have to keep on taking baby steps ... if i look to far ahead of myself , of course it'll seem too hard and i'll just want to give up ... instead i just need to focus on taking that next step , then the ... - enfps ... * swoons * edit : actually . i also love intuitive introverts a lot ... maybe more ? infjs , infps , and intps are lovely . i might be scared of intjs though . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=38gGx-_mb5M hiding in trees are there other worlds that are not our own ? the children can hear the adults ' complaints they daydream too much a child will trade i can relate , though i'm not an infp ( i think ... ) , my apologies for infiltrating your board ... it's weird , actually , how much i see myself in just that one post . just curious , where did you find ... i am always more than obliged to listen to my friend's problems and frustrations , but sometimes i wish there would be someone who would listen to me . rather , i wish i had the same courage to open up ... cautious optimism ? i like the sound of that ... i've been calling myself a hopeful pessimist . anyway , i find the information on this thread really insightful . in theory , winter . it feels very cozy , and i like hot chocolate , coffee , fireplaces and dressing warm . unfortunately , though , i'm oversensitive to the cold . it only gets as low as around 20 ° f and it ... sorry , this post is kind of useless ... i don't have any advice . i just wanted to say that i'm in the same boat as you at the moment , and you aren't in this alone . i love to learn , so it isn't the ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pfcViRTh4TY ok , i'm joking , i just happened to be listening to the song while i stumbled upon this thread ... thank you so much ! the nature ones are perfect , i followed them all . i followed you back as well . :) i understand what you are saying , and i think you might be right . there is so much negativity around me , but this post was very reassuring and i'll try my best to let more positive songs in ... infj , 5w6 - 1w2 - 4w5 ( or so i believe ) . and miles to go before i sleep i reblog nature / art / movies i like , anything that has meaning to me really . i'm willing to possibly follow back similar ... hi ! i'd like it if someone could try to help me type myself , as i still am unsure about my type . in the thread i'm about to link , i said that i have no se but after reading up more on the functions ... welcome to perc ! ha , it seems like you joined for pretty much the same reason i did . i hope you'll end up enjoying yourself as much as i have . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ZTm-iYUpm4 this entire movie is infj porn . i'd recommend watching it to anyone if you have not seen it yet . i've been thinking about how different i used to be on the inside . to keep this short and to the point , i wanted to do everything and anything , i wished that i could live forever . everything had ... i think we're prone to feeling weird , maybe , in comparison to the people around us ... not necessarily appearing weird to others ( though of course , there will be some who do ) . at least , that's how i ... hey everyone . i'm very sorry to bump this but i just want another opinion since i heard infj's are the rarest type , and i really don't want to mistype myself . i feel like i sound really stupid , but i ... i : don't think i have to explain that , he definitely doesn't seem like an extrovert . n : actually , nevermind he's probably an s edit : actually i don't know ? ? he could be either one , it is hard to ... elsa : i think she was an infj who tried to be an ixtj until let it go . anna : exfp ? probably n kristoff : very intp olaf : very esfp hans : entj social 1 ) generally , i positively associate with the idea of being a part of something larger than myself . though i may find it either overwhelming , because of my astute awareness of what lies ... mom : isfj dad : estp brother : intp they don't know their mbti , but that's what i think based off of my observations / interactions with them . sometimes the things that may or may not be true are the things a man needs to believe in the most . that people are basically good ; that honor , courage , and virtue mean everything ; that power and ... estp ? e because you said you aren't introverted , so i took your word for it . s because you said you like working hands on t because you said you aren't feeling-y at all p because you seem to ... yeah , i think i'm on the same boat as you . thank you ! thanks . i'll just keep wearing the infj label from now on until someone tells me i'm wrong . : tongue : you know , i'll proudly go with that , if no one else has any input ! thanks for answering ! yeah , i'm fairly certain that i'm not a sensor , not that there's anything wrong with being one , but i have no se whatsoever , i got a little more si than se but it's still pretty ... haha , thanks . are you making fun of me ? : laughing : i just took the test ( again , for the 1,000 , 000th time ) and i got infj . but as you can see , there isn't much of a contrast between my thinking and ... it probably doesn't mean much since i obviously don't know you too well , but you definitely don't sound like an idiot . i know it's been said before but even though school is important to me , i don't ... ohh ... yeah . i can see that . i think most of the humans in this movie are really flawed ... especially the scientist who made david . pretty awful . kudos to you for picking up on that as a kid , though , ... really ? ! that makes me happy , since out of all the types i admire infjs the most , but more often than not , i test as intp . : rolleyes : i'll be honest , i want to be an infj , but i just can't decide ... yeah , the flesh fair is what did it for me back then ... very disturbing indeed . of course now it didn't bother me as much . i want to say intp ... haha ! ! is it really creepy ? ! i never thought of them as creepy ... i like this movie , i think it's rather cute . ... actually , now that i think of it , i can kind of see what you're getting at . the first ... hmm ... there's definitely something very wrong happening on this forum ... i wonder if i'm in the right place after all . : unsure : hi , everyone . i'm bea , as you can see by my username , and i've been lurking personality cafe without an account ( ah , was kind of shy and i still am a little bit ) for a while but i've decided to join ... i did a second questionnaire , thought it might help . this definitely isn't an effort to bump my thread , surely not . 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for ... 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? i couldn't tell if i am a thinker or a feeler . i know that sounds wrong since supposedly thinkers and feelers are two very different ... '