' in a state of limbo . sent from my sm-g 360v using tapatalk some assurance that everything will turn out right ! sent from my sm-g 360v using tapatalk not too healthy , starting out today . i am in england right now , and they have easy , bite sized cakes at the store that i bought . i ate some for breakfast . not to proud of that , but they are so ... honestly , parts of it i relate to , but a lot of it falls flat . i don't really rely on decriptions for isfp anymore , since they usually treat us as more ... shallow infps ... does that make sense ? it ... scribble , drive , bacon sent from my sm-g 360v using tapatalk leictreon happy bursday ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WCYzk67y_wc it is weird to think about dogs with bellybuttons . or cats with bellybuttons . hopefully i won't wake up tomorrow in a world where dogs and cats have bellybuttons . i would have to get used to a ... cozy corn nuts ! ( or is corn nuts one word ? ) sent from my sm-g 360v using tapatalk when i was little i always felt bad for the kids during the summer ! nobody knew about their birthdays ! no recognition ! i also didn't like my birthday , because it started right when school started , ... lol , i thought this was a thread asking when you would want your ideal birthday to be on ! derp . anyway , sticking to what i thought this thread was about , i was born in september . but i always ... i am full of so many dancing emotions ! my sleep schedule for the next 2 weeks is going to suck ! xd sent from my sm-g 360v using tapatalk i am so excited and happy ! i am going to england see my boyfriend on the 3rd of may ! i am even excited for the trip ! 19 hours of airports and flying , then the subway and a trainride to his house ! i ... actually , no . i am really lucky to have such accepting people in my life . my parents are introverted , and often go off to do their own things , while my sister is more extroverted and works in the ... i am just sitting here , chilling , without pants on . i'm free ! sent from my sm-g 360v using tapatalk computer is broken ! sent from my sm-g 360v using tapatalk i have always wanted to go on a date to a petting zoo ! sent from my sm-g 360v using tapatalk i actually don't find it hard to say i love you . maybe it was the way i was raised , but i have always felt comfortable expressing it . it wasn't something that was always expressed , but it never ... feeling a bit frustrated . i am trying to look up flights to see my boyfriend , and the prices are outrageous ! what's worse is that they seem to go up in price the farther out the date ! i guess this ... i am really thankful right now . i have been trying my hardest to stay positive and it has really worked ! i remember in the fall i had a really hard time leaving my boyfriend to come back to the ... woah , is that a chocolate covered strawberry on a bed of white chocolate ? i am so jealous ! maybe i will go to the store later to get strawberries ... i have been craving them forever ! sent from ... i feel happy and giddy and strangely energized ! i just had a video call with my boyfriend , and instead of feeling drained like i usually do with any interaction , i felt like rolling down a hill ! ... awww , but i am right here ! i just haven't had anything to say lately is all ! :) sent from my sm-g 360v using tapatalk i feel proud of myself . i started going to the gym , and so far i am sticking to it , even though i find it hard and boring . compared to a year ago , i am really doing positive things . i have grown so ... going to go visit my boyfriend in may , 2 months earlier than originally planned ! i feel like doing an irish jig ! sent from my sm-g 360v using tapatalk cute fuzzy memories ! sent from my sm-g 360v using tapatalk this so much . a little over half the time i test infp , even though i know for sure i am an isfp . sent from my sm-g 360v using tapatalk i actually considered myself asexual for the longest time . i never found myself attracted to anyone , male or female . i did get crushes on personalities though . i am now in a relationship with my ... i used to get migraines all the time . i am talking about one big migraine for weeks or even months at a time . it was debilitating , and i couldn't do anything when i had them . i decided to talk to my ... a good volunteer job ! sent from my sm-g 360v using tapatalk you basically said everything i wanted to say but didn't know how to say . infps should really read this ! sent from my sm-g 360v using tapatalk basically what i was going to say ! i get along very well with infps . i feel very comfortable with them in ways i don't experience with other types . sent from my sm-g 360v using tapatalk i feel cuddly and loving ! sent from my sm-g 360v using tapatalk i can see that . i see a lot of me in him at my worst . definitely a sensor . how would you type spongebob and patrick though ? sent from my sm-g 360v using tapatalk wow , you have really long hair . how long did it take you to grow it out that long ? do you do anything special to keep it from getting split ends ? sent from my sm-g 360v using tapatalk i came to the infp subforum because i typed as one , and i wanted people to connest with . even though i came to the conclusion that i am an isfp , i feel like this place has become my home on perc . ... oh my ! i even feel sorry for the other kids in the class ! it sounds like they were exasperated with the other kids too ! it is unfair to them the the others are so disruptive . sent from my ... meh . kids . people would think i would be good with kids . my mother is a foster parent , so i grew up with lots of them . all the women in my family seem to gravitate towards them . but i just don't ... no , i don't think i have ever been an intimacy slut . i am far to private to ever be that way . it takes a long time to get to know me . i do find people often like to divulge private things or their ... i am always a little nervous before flights . but i am actually not afraid of flying . it is like a plane flies so high in the air , the height from the ground loses it's meaning . i am afraid of heights ... i like stuff . i like a nice distance every now and then . but as for planets and stars ? eh , they are okay . i mean , i would be very distressed if they suddenly disappeared one day , but i can easily ... awww , that is nice of you to say ! i don't particularly feel weird though , just pretty basic ... or baseline . now infjs , they are weird ! : 3 sent from my sm-g 360v using tapatalk dangit ! you beat me to it ! i keep this in my phone ! sent from my sm-g 360v using tapatalk https://uploads.tapatalk-cdn.com/20170310/0d0f810388e4211ad42318336652d4e2.jpg sent from my sm-g 360v using tapatalk i am feeling a little disheartened . i wish i could be with my boyfriend more , but the current situation makes it so i can see him only a few times a year . sent from my sm-g 360v using tapatalk to be with my boyfriend . sent from my sm-g 360v using tapatalk as in he has borderline personality disorder . sent from my sm-g 360v using tapatalk oh my , i am still terrified of storms ! being from california ( as you know ) i never really got used to thunder storns , and hearing scary stories about them when i was younder didn't help . i do ... i love froggies ! i am a fan of all.animals really ... ( oh shot , it begons ) dangit ! as for my earliest memorie , it isnvt a happy one . i remember it was thundering one noght when o was a baby , and ... i feel a sense of longing and loneliness . it will be awhile before i can see my boyfriend again . sent from my sm-g 360v using tapatalk u . k . residency ! sent from my sm-g 360v using tapatalk '