' i'm curious . vitruvia eq at work : 3 . pay more attention to your feelings all types have what carl jung called an inferior function or shadow side to their personalities . your inferior function is the ... friends , video games with friends , movies . generally that order . no ! it was actually bait ! that's more interesting , right ? i wanted to be a firetruck . i choose continue something , because i think it's very difficult . though the others are difficult too . jwdurand no one has yet mentioned the cognitive functions ... i don't know if you're familiar with the cognitive functions , but simply put they are an additional four pairs of letters that ... as an entj , i have ni , and i think i sometimes do the piercing gaze when i'm thinking about something . generally i have two modes : te-heavy , where i'm more about the flash of insight ( from the aux ... dashing toaster + microwave ? efficient . iamreason yes . ryo joker ! runforcover 07 pyschology would fit with your desire to help people , however i have a feeling that it might be stressful . there might be a temptation to feel responsible when people don't get ... i'm going to regret this , aren't i :P i use fire tongs . 1 . how is your te and fi axis used ? examples help . i don't think it's called an axis . i'm going to answer this question as if you asked how do they work together . this i would answer by saying ... okay i am thinking s for sure right now and potentially istj hello ... i'm really confused about this one , primarily from a cognitive perspective . i know that she has ti ( it's very strong ) as well as fe . other than that , i don't really know--but the thing ... a word on the forum . a forum is a magical place where people cling to stereotypes because they don't want people to go hey ! you're not the type you identify with ! and , presto , stereotypical ... adrian knows what's up . it's funny we kinda wrote an almost identical reply : b anesthesia i was really into house of cards but now it's a matter of waiting . also sherlock . film , let's see . i haven't watched anything that really got me lately . haha ... an isfj ... venturing into the entj forum . my gut reaction to the question is this : i don't think that best type is a good question , because all types are needed to work together ! that ... stiletto do you have a gif for everything ? ( i'm just asking for it now , aren't i ? ) @ op i love cuddlinggg it's great . i'd be a puppy . you know , soft and happy but can also go all aggressive wolf instinct thing . dheepan i didn't see anything about ne specifically in your list ... what makes you think you have ne ? you certainly sound way more j than p , based on being on top of things . bionic hindsight is 20/20 . i probably never would have made this thread , even though i still think it's an interesting question . i was wondering about the responses to this thread . thanks . i think that on the internet people play up their type so that no one can accuse them of not being the type they identify with . aizar this makes a lot of sense . i have this problem where i expect people to tell me if something is wrong , probably because i'm quick to tell other people when something is wrong ! asking would ... daniel_james_maher the stereotype entj is supposedly aggressive and the entj forum seems to bear out the stereotype . okay , so . i have a lot to say about this . i'm not sure how the entj ... daniel_james_maher i know several istjs , the others are not bossy . in fact , i like the others quite a bit ! you really think i should ? : bored : that makes me nervous because it sounds like ... she gets stressed out by pretty much everything . she loves people but they tire her out , so : friends . college . she feels like she doesn't have enough time to accomplish things . she has a specific ... hello , so there's this istj . first , we were both studying abroad and we went on a trip together . i found it quite awkward , primarily because he didn't appreciate me being bubbly and whatnot . later ... so like the title says , my infj friend is easily stressed out . sometimes , i feel like i accidentally contribute to that stress . i have trouble seeing the signs of whether she's stressed or not and ... another good question would be how the feedback from others in regards to perceived niceness / emotions affects you , ie , your reaction . the question is whether you consider yourself to be nice to other people . if you think this question has been asked before , then fine . i don't think it has , because i'm not someone trying to ... well ? are you ? i was waiting for this :P what's your exercise routine ? did i call nt ? yes i did . 1 ) do you like exercise ? 2 ) if you exercise , what is your system ? ( sidenote ... i hope i don't post too much in these here parts ) . i only read the tl ;d r . does he think out loud ? if so i'd lean towards entj . if not , more likely intj . so , you sound to me like an introvert and a thinker . the way you write sounds thinker to me because you appear to emphasize reason over emotion . if you were that , intp , your functions would be ... first state your mbti type : entj 1 . ) going to bed knowing you can sleep for as long as you want or a compliment from a stranger . sleep . 2 . ) the smell of freshly-baked bread or a full fridge ... team fortress 2 . i'm currently playing and have been playing for years . like others have said , better to see mbti as a preference . in other words , as an entj my preference is to be extroverted , intuitive , thinking , and organized . but sometimes i'm introvert , sensing , ... merisho esfp because it sounds fun , extroverted , in touch with the sensory world ... you avoid offending people like the plague . anything nts say basically riles you up . you really want to please people / want to be liked . my major experience with an isfj was a drama due to miscommunication ... entp + isfj makes perfect sense , i know a pair and they work really well together . elistra i've been known to have the trench coat look without thinking about it quite often . i'm sorry you had that experience ! however , i bet if those kids got to know you it would be an entirely ... i don't know of many entjs in film or television , but i do know that i relate really , really strongly to intjs on screen ( ex bbc sherlock ) . hmm , personally i don't think that looking to leadership is an automatic disqualifier for being an entj or an automatic point towards s . also , i think that op is definitely a j . : crazy : i've typed my family as : dad : esfj mom : istp ( yes , they make sense for each other ) me , eldest child : entj younger sis : isfp 1 . could you explain your situation ? i'm a full time student taking 6 classes with two jobs and an internship . i also do a weekly radio show for the school station , random video projects for friends ... '