' lol i've never done any kind of drug . it's been a life-long thing . i will tidy up before i do , or you might be like : shocked : i know most people do it but for me it's all the time and non-stop . it's annoying because i get scared : confused : i always find weird faces and animal kind of things in everything ( like in the creases of clothes in the piles on the floor of my room or just other random things like my hairdryer ) . i have to cover ... to be honest , after thinking about it for a while , i don't like her anymore . i don't want to be friends with her . i won't ever invest anything into the friendship again . i won't ever forgive her for ... enfp / infp http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uIFJbOt2pFQ any intuitive http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XGK84Poeynk we made up . to be honest , i was over her . first i did miss her immensely and i felt like something was missing from my life but i quickly forgot those feelings . today she texted me and she was ... i made a big mistake with an istj , what should i do ? i have ( or had D: ) a friend who i think is either an istj or an isfj . she would make fun of me sometimes and it used to upset me quite a bit ... i don ’ t know if i understand your question . if you ’ re asking exactly why i wrote this , it ’ s because i had to lol ( it was coursework ) and i put in quite a bit of effort because i really wanted to ... ok , i posted this in the esfj section but i'm probably not going to get any replies until next year from that one . i just wanna see what cool things you guys have . i'm not showing off what i have , ... i just wanna see what cool things you guys have . i'm not showing off what i have , i promise . a lamp ( no genie inside unfortunately ) and bottle of love . :D 86761 86762 wow ok . so i read the esfj description and some bits actually fit really well lol . i do focus a lot of my attention on pleasing others and i am prone to being insecure . i ’ m almost always over ... lol i ’ m super confused now . i never even considered estj . till you suggested estj , i was pretty sure i ’ m an nf . i don ’ t know any in real life but i relate to a lot of things nf ’ s say on here . it was ... i usually score as an infp but when i did the the cognitive functions test , my ne , ni and fi were really close . i looked into enfp and infj and just got really confused lol . the first time i took the ... thanks in advance :D . and sorry for writing so much in the first few questions . when i got to question 4 , i realised how much i was typing for each question and i tried to make my answers shorter ... i loved this and it made me cry buckets of happy tears so i thought i'd share . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0N8axp9nHNU i prefer to meet sf's because i feel like they calm me down a bit . well this is exactly what would go through my head : oh my gosh , they hugged me ! why did they hug me ? do they like me ? they probably don ’ t like me . why would anyone like me ? did they even like the ... uhh , yeah i really hate it . what i hate more is when people don't reply on whatsapp because on whatsapp you can actually see the last time the person was online so you can see if they're ignoring ... entp or entj or estp . life would be sooo easy as an entj ! and if i was an entp i'd be legen-wait for it-dary like barney stinson : o . o . o i'm a student and i commute so most of my friends are other people on my course . i study pharmacy . a good pharmacist pays a lot of attention to detail ( very very important ) , knows how to interact ... aww i ’ m happy i made your day , or at least the first four hours of it lol :D and in reply to your question , i respond quite badly to being called weird or being thought of as weird which is why i ... and start dancing around whilst thinking about it . usually i'm laughing about it too . is this an intuitive thing or is it just me ? omg , you enfps are so cute lol do enfps care more about what others think of them than infps ? if they do , does it upset you ? do you ever get funny looks that make you feel like you're an alien ? how would you behave towards a person after they called you that ? i get told all the time that i think way too much . it really upsets me because i feel like they're telling me i'm weak . i don't respond most of the time but when my mother says it to me , i'll respond ... people ? it could be something interesting you've learnt about the world , a new interest / hobby or something about yourself . when your sensor friend knows exactly what you wore yesterday including the style and colour of your outfit but you have completely no idea yourself . i haven ’ t known this girl for very long . i became friends with her near the end of last year but we were in a big group then and i didn ’ t know her very well to be honest . unfortunately we both ended ... and do other infp's hate confrontation as much as me ? when the amount of thanks you have given is five times the amount of thanks you received . you eat the worst sweet first because otherwise it would feel left out . you think anyone who doesn't ... when you pos when you get soo excited about something that you're literally jumping off your chair and 10 minutes later you find it boring . when you read the first couple of pages of this thread and the last ... i have a friend who loves drawing anime , she writes songs and poetry a lot . she's a real day dreamer . she has a lot of unusual interest and the weirder something is , the more she likes it . she keeps ... curry i know it's a popular one but i really like : you gain strength , courage and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face . you are able to say to yourself , ' i have ... each person contributes one line . there is one rule : every sentence ( apart from the first one ) has to begin with either unfortunately , fortunately or however . i don't want to begin . snog aetheral ! because snogging is fun . : tongue : : tongue : just fun ! : happy : what is your desktop background ? i think i might be an intp : unsure :: unsure :: unsure : well i'm not completely sure i'm an infp . maybe you are right . i will do some more research . i live in a freezer in an ice-cream van owned by a bald pervert ice-cream man . it's parked outside a park in england . it's pretty cold here so i can go outside without melting . i like it . the only ... labrinth - let the sun shine the black ghosts - full moon i'm an infp lol lol i have no idea what ne is yet . i'm new to the mbti but i will read up on it later . also , i'm not trying to be seen as anything ! lolololol hi ! ! ! i'm new here lol ! ! i don't know what else to say ! have a happy life ! :) : laughing :: laughing :: laughing :: laughing : guess ! : laughing :: happy : '