' 2005 toyota rav 4 - not my ride of choice , but it's the only thing i can use at the moment . alien covenant - good movie , but it was hard to enjoy with popcorn hello , i'm not sure how to make a good intro post ( or if it really matters ) , but this will have to do . i'm an infp who's interested in astronomy / physics , environmental science , science in general , ... while i think some gun control is needed and better screening for mental health is an important step to reducing gun violence , poverty is an issue we must address to decline gun violence . swedish german norwegian , and danish i had a fallout-ish dream . i guess , as a new member , introduce myself . as you've already guessed i think the aurora borealis is one of the most beautiful phenomenons to see . i'm also interested in computer science as well as ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AXj3DenRsOg that should settle things . i didn't read this whole thread so forgive me if these points have already been covered , but to keep this debate going i'm going to add some points for the men . please note that these are not my ... provide statistical data and sources . ( then you win the debate , simple as that ) sure , lets ban certain forms of freedom of speech and press . that's the american way . ( and he insults liberals ) on the point of liberals hating the us , i don't really hate america . we have a really ... thought so i could say egalitarian is the better side . more important does not equal equality ... thunderf 00t actual makes an argument , while yea the amazing atheist just fucks around . if you want an intellectual based argument then go with thunderf 00t , funny shit to laugh at is the amazing ... if such harassment is seconds long and only a whistle , shout or a short sentence then i would call if freedom of speech . the slapping part is sexual assault , so yea . may i remind you that feminism had it's place back then but i have yet to see why it's good now . slut shaming - it seems this is committed by women more often then misogynist men cat calling - ... good thing i'm a storm chaser >:D i just pissed that you disregard all of them and not point out which ones are bullshit and why . now this is a legitimate question , what rights to men have ... nice job on disregarding a lot of statistics . also feminism isn't about the furtherment of both genders , only women , and that has become very apparent . '