' shroud shifter dude if i want to know the second half as well out of curiosity , is that also an ne vibe thing ? meaning np and not entp necessarily 630914 it wasn't a deliberate thing . i clicked a random type . it might as well have been infp or istj for that matter . lmao it's just some random type i chose , it's not what i think of myself i considered ti and ni dom for a long time for myself because of the 5ness . it's too inward and private . i am that way . should i add that my instinctual variant is sx / sp and my so is pretty weak ? i would consider intj if only to humor it , because if i'm going to consider entp as plausible despite not obvious or stereotypical , then intj as a type deserves equal treatment , doesn't it ? even then ... i would be to an infj what an orderly person would be to an entp . very uncommon . i tend to mess with others and i often get annoyed if someone brings up their issues to me and wants to open up , which ... coldnobility sticking with # 1 coldnobility they kind of said the same with minor differences . if i have to pick one however i'll go with # 1 but i see both in me . coldnobility gonna post what i related with . don't trust everything you read although i do trust sources that are official . i tend to question the authority of sources that are more obscure . ... coldnobility 2 1 and 4 not even close . 2 and 3 are a close match and i can't really tell which one fits more . well then how about you bother research what jung said about the functions instead of those other sources ? n is the same while it's working and an ni dom can easily get ne thoughts and viceversa , ... rexmaximus you should rename yourself to stereotypus rex - implying a confident and playful introvert can't come off as extraverted lol - saying that an ni dom has no ne and an ne dom has no ni both ... i'd wager it's more laughable that you talk with confidence about this even when you show how little you understand it , you ... intj snorts lul jesus ... i'm gonna number them . 1 and 2 - when i think of sensations i don't think of how they feel to me but rather the sensations themselves . i tend to ignore how i feel physically . about ni , you ... coldnobility i dig my avatar's hazy look . about what you said , i can't ignore the idea of myself being in a loop as ni-ti either ... so far infj and entp are the ones i suspect most . i would have to agree . i only wonder if that's the only case to examine . can an infj's aux fe also be repressed like that ? i relate with high ne and ni and low se and si a lot . also that avatar ... added some things before you responded . as for my avatar , it's my personal reminder to myself to finish the visual novel cause i find the ideas behind it fascinating . coldnobility one more thing fe as mobilizing function ( sle , ile ) the individual longs for situations where people are having fun , laughing and joking , and feel emotionally free and ... yeeeaaahhh i related with that shit 100 % , confessedly . maybe intj or ili ? i considered that type for a long time . i know for certain that si dom is absolutely the opposite of relatable to ... well it does bother me having to stay politically correct or doing things in an acceptable way . maybe that's not fe polr . good conversation . i pointed out small talk as one of the deenergizers . only a little bit . i do relate with se as a polr as well to an extent , but fe as well . if i go by that , then i'd have to consider inxp and ixtj . if there's one function i'll never understand , that's fi . i don't even know what fi users are talking about when they describe what fi does or feels like . are my feels dead ? entps are cool tho btw i love the yoshitaka amano artwork picture . death to nomura , death ! i'm one of those intp nerds ? y you mean cute lil maaya * i think i already know my type but this looks so much fun . first one by spades ( thanks yo ) 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , ... i think huhman was only talking about sharing copies of drawings , not using reference in general as a dubious practice https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5aZiRrW9KAE angelo yeahhh you may just be right is it the gif posting or the weeb trashlordness ? lol the importance of the word yet is something that i don't see enough people being aware of ... narci why hello , unknown friendly https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/0e/ce/80/0ece80cb70db661ade81157161d6ecff.gif this place looked like a decent hangout so hello there , kindred spirits https://m.popkey.co/7327f7/64lbZ.gif '