' fashion , definitely . makeup only a little bit . i like hair styling and hair care . i am experimenting with making my own skincare products . for the most part , i just enjoy research it but lately , i ... i used to . i loved it . now i can't consume that much sugar anymore . it hurts my head . nor can i consume milk anymore . it hurts my ... alien friends . i'm an introverted 3w4 and social first , so i understand and appreciate where you're coming from ( public perception that introversion = lower status ) . but i don't relate . public perception is ... 10-15 years ago , my entp grandmother used to say , you don't have to travel anymore . they show you everything on tv . you can learn all about the places , see the views from all angles , and don't have ... their inner conqueror . the infps realized they could not only conquer their infp forum but the spam forum as well . it is a territory no one else can successfully take over now that the invasion is ... you're very witty there's a thread in entp subforum called ruin a date in 5 words . memorize at least 20 of the responses . then sporadically start chanting them in the middle of a conversation . people will run away ... general thoughts : i notice the connotations of people's usernames and / or avatars . then i keep an eye on their posts to see if their personality matches it . some people have absurd / goofy usernames but ... wild generalizations are on today's breakfast menu , hmm ? te wants external logical order . ti wants internal logical order . society needs both . as long as both types understand that and respect ... isn't he married to mrs cafebot ? well i volunteer to be the sexy robot's side action . can i eat all the cream from the oreos at the wedding ? given that you're a food item and this is a cafe , you're far more likely to be legendary than any of us . remember that . i am the second dot . totally my style . what about bandaids ? my name : bubba https://images.duckduckgo.com/iu/?u=http%3A%2F%2Fwallpapercave.com%2Fwp%2Fp7HRiw3.jpg&f=1 why i am special : it is listed as vulnerable on the iucn red list of threatened ... it is where excess ne is spent . i would make her soup . especially attitudes : bwink : if you want to scare yourself and you're on a low budget , just put on creepy music on yt , dim the lights , dance all over the room so your shadow dances and then remind yourself of your worst fears . ... i will throw the after-party . i am qualified to do it . a ) i know a few words in french . b ) i watched season 1 of some show about 1500s ottoman empire . i think it was called magnificent century ... if you want to join a gang , you can't do it when you're in your 30s or beyond . there's an age limit . the best time to fall in with the wrong crowd is in your early to mid-teens . congratulations ! you have avoided the phase where a majority of people don't like to commit : biggrin : while it's true that you're behind the curve , you'll catch up easily in a year if you put in ... invest in : ( 1 ) fake plants . they will last for a decade easily . everyone will think you're a responsible person who takes great care of your plants . if you're really serious about it , buy a fake ... sj - mindsets stj - minders sfj - mindful sp - mindfulness if you microwave food too long and it explodes inside the microwave , leave it for someone else to clean up . so that's what cars with tattoos and piercings look like . hmm . we all did this when we were babies . and we will pee in front of nurses when we're 90 . trust guaranteed . if you have trust issues , don't worry . just make it to a nursing home before you die . idon'tthinkso is your entp . but the problem there is every time you ask him , are you my entp ? what's your name ? he's going to respond i'm not sure . i don't think so . so you'll never know that ... what would you do with your modgod status ? you'll have to make an appointment with my assistant to schedule that meeting . how many cats do you own and what are their names ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dZLfasMPOU4 is this level of wisdom permitted in spam ? they lied to me when they said i-ain't-effing-pee types were tortured souls . i see the truth now . stereotype : mostly melancholy reality : mostly comical stereotype : live in misery reality : ... i will be your bae . you must be so happy to have a new family member . like any loving parent , of course you want her to heal and thrive . i'm really glad you're starting therapy soon for her . i think you should go to ... unfortunately , zombie preschool didn't accept me . so i didn't have a reason to at the time . maybe if zombie senior citizen community accepts me , i'll do it in my 70s or 80s . at age 4 , i had 3 ... it is never too early to start commanding others using covert tactics . you can start by saying , but i have to pee right this minute ! if you don't take me , i'll go right here on the floor . database error is writing a tell all called spamlandia . cover your asses , spamistas , or twitter will spank you . wild times . ever since samsung , k-pop and korean fashion became popular . hasn't it been doing this for a long time ? i deactivated my profile so it won't recommend me to my stalkers . again . have you ever entered a beauty pageant or is your answer dom-in-i-can't ? you're also capable of using others . do it well . : crazy : the committee of evil is counting on you , spam babies . you're either sj or ocd . please do my accounting . here are a few things i did to get straight as . pay attention on the day your prof discusses the syllabus . that's the day the professor hands over his or her secrets . 95 % of the class tunes ... absolutely . it depends on the person's skills and interests . if the istp has a specific expertise and creates a framework + a vision for how they would deliver it , they'll work hard to ensure that ... what are obamaphones ? are they bigger or smaller than megaphones ? cucumbers . you don't have to cook them or chop them . wash it and insert it in your ... thoughts . good plot for a spam story . '