' i think it is absolutely fascinating that almost all infj's have sanpaku . check it out the eyes have it : the sanpaku eye superstition | tofugu isfj = mama bear i understand what it feels like . i always felt like i was living in a doll house and everyone and everything around me was playing a part that i couldn't agree with . just know that meeting an infj ... http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/134377-myer-briggs-animal-representations.html i did one , but i chose fox for entp . although , foxes can seem estpish too . it's harder then it looks ... you have tangled as your profile pic and your user name is an aquatic creature + a confectionery treat . maybe you just dazzle everyone with your apparent harmlessness and then wham * ( with a frying ... i would say castle is usually an entp and kate an infj . although , i would have to argue that the show can be inconsistent with behaviors . castle seems to flip between entp and enfp . kate seems to do ... feeling others happiness . i have been struggling with this topic for a while . i am trying to get to the root of my paranoia and my bad habit of jumping to the wrong conclusions . my main problems are that i usually ... hazel greens and yellow with brownish red in the middle . haha hunch habits seems like the perfect way to describe it ! i'm never quite sure if my intuitions are right and people just deny their accuracy when i point things out ... or if i'm paranoid . do other infj's have this problem ? how do you get through it ? haha ... oh my god . that is both disturbing and hilarious . well , parrots are intelligent creatures that can manipulate their surroundings to get what they want . i'm glad you agree with the esfj description . i think they make great friends ! i haven't dated one so i can't speak about a romantic relationship . truly though , different stages of maturity effect that answer with any type . it depends on how ... entp , infp , isfp , enfp i can usually get along well with anyone but i typically gravitate towards intuitives . as far as sensors go , healthy esfj's make me feel warm and snuggly . i don't mind being ... i am also an empath , at first i didn't believe it but it has become extremely strong and now i'm convinced . last week there was a high level of stress and anxiety in my work environment . i personally ... this happened to me when i was developing my ti . my fe got short-circuited temporarily and i started to lose my connection to others . it doesn't last forever , but it's something you will have to work ... questions for infjs . how easily do you trust people ? was there any event ( assuming you are weary of people ) that made you cautious ? - i rarely trust anyone completely . it takes a very long ... i feel like i switch back and forth , which is determined by my environment . as a child i was very much the fe subtype but now that i am in college it is more useful to be ni subtype . i think all ... ^ i relate to this so much <3 i did one of these based off of something i saw online . comments on accuracy ? 61437 i wrote this out and i don't know if it's accurate for everyone . i would love input . thanks ! - - - type descriptions : infj pt . 1 - common ... thank you this helps a lot . it makes sense . i feel like my intuition needs to go through a de-clouding process . care to explain further ? true . that does seem more te than ti . i've noticed that i have to sort through and analyze the situation objectively to come to an accurate evaluation of what caused emotional distress . which is ... i also have the question of when to trust your gut or not . i think if you are in a confident state of mind and get the feeling that someone is talking crap then you can trust it . i am always wrong ... i think i have been accurately reading others emotions but i draw connections that aren't there . for example , i will walk into a room where people will be gossiping and i feel the vibe and believe ... i think we do all tend to have a certain brightness to our eyes . this picture is a couple years old but oh well ... eyes don't change much sorry ... my functions got turned around , i need to start ' checking my work ' . sometimes i forget which ones have si dominant function . my question remains . i have a difficult time understanding isfj ... what does individuation look like between the personality types ? i am especially interested in how sensing dominant types view the world after listening to their inner voice and following their own ... i can't imagine an entp 6 , but i think that the enneagram is the nurture portion of personality . anything is possible ... i'm an infj ... and a 6w5 ( a bit of a rabbit-heart ) n . b . d . that's how i meant it . there is something special about entp's . for being so extroverted , it's like they keep their core protected and ... that's okay , it's understandable . funny , i usually like to leave entp's breadcrumbs to keep their minds engaged . this happens to be an exception . :P my heart stopped bc i thought that i violated some ... google images . idk . ? ? ? entp's are teddy bears on the inside but because there personality is pretty much like this ... write what you write . poetry isn't about conformity masquerade you wear your mask . i ’ ll wear mine . the room spins , as we get nowhere . - black and hollow eyes of a mask , leave the soul https://sphotos-b.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-snc6/181328_10151193404797335_496067463_n.jpg https://sphotos-a.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-prn1/557191_10151080661112335_592479762_n.jpg ... merlin is infj ! you sound a bit like an isfj ... i'm an fe user ( infj ) . i am wondering how fi works in isfp ? fi is one of the most difficult processes for me to grasp . i'm very insecure but i am also extremely direct . see , i was just direct right there . <--- infj being direct . developing my ti has helped balance out my over emotional bullshit . i used to be ... infj's don't push in line . entp's will observe and investigate their options . they are straightforward about what they find value in . infj's love to be valued , especially when they know other options ... ! ! ! we're winning ! :D what about us nf's with highly developed ti's ? ... i think ravenclaw is the place . maybe nf's that scales tip much more feeling = hufflepuff or even gryffindor for the extroverts . infj-ravenclaw intj's function on another plane of understanding . that much is definitely true . it's okay i feel stupid at times too . i think your destiny is now . there's no need to fear dying before your finished . i don't think it's possible . take a baby that dies during childbirth , it still ... i seek to understand myself . i seek to live with intelligence , affection and honesty . i want to find a way to care about others without caring what they think about me . i want to be free from anxiety ... '