' do i know any female istjs ? i don't know . its doubtful . most of my friends are guys . chicks often get on my nerves with few exseptions . i think you are confusing a lack of communication with a lack of expression i can talk about how i feel . what i'm refering to is how he observes me . some people assume if you are not ... and where were you when my typing thread turned to mass chaos ? .. lol we've been married 3 years now but thanks if this kind of behaviorial explination plays no roll then why have people answer those how would you respond to ... x questionares . i myself feel very deeply when my husband has a problem and points it towards me . i have to understand why and i have to fix it immediately . that's what's happening on the inside . outwardly ... if i can get him to do any of that it'll probably be awhile because he works often . but to start i'll explain why i thought / think he's istp first he is of course introverted . he's also very ... the first one i got i was probably 19 or so . i gave it a lot of thought considering . it was part of a trade i worked out with my roomate . who happened to work in a tattoo shop . the second one was ... it means there an idiot . unless you asked them how you should be . what was the context ? i have a couple . both are personally significant . i don't think i'd have them removed but as i get older i tend to think it wasn't the smartest idea to get them . how do you know they consider it minor ? and no , nagging wont work . unless they love you . in which case nagging may work to a point . and that point will probably be around the same time they ... this . this is key . if they haven't taken a feeling and selected a box to organize it in there will be little or no accessibility to it . if they care enough to try and box it up for you they'll ... arkigos arkigos first - i think putting together a list of good resources is a fantastic idea . i for one know it would be helpful to me . and for those with the interest / willingness to learn , ... yes i can imagine why you hate her so much . although her function explinations , although breif , did fall in line with what i've read about them . like i said perviously her understanding is ... she's a woman ? gosh i didn't put her much beyond her teens ... lol yes i get you but i still like how the video gets to the point . ok so when i first started all this my gut instinct was to type my husband an istp . it seemed the most fitting . after my own typing was determined i began refernecing the compatiability and found ... omg - i use to love eddie izzard . i still use in common conversation cake or death ? ... cake please lol nobody gets it but ... right now i'm still trying to get woke up and functional ... is or has anyone here been in a relationship with an istp ? how'd it go ? what do you think the strong and weak points where ? i'm fairly sure my husband is an istp so i was curious how unique ... nevermind i'll just copy and paste . besides the over all descriptions are depressing anyway . big five test results extroversion 44 % orderliness | 62 % emotional ... i just want to say i think this idea is brilliant ... i scored everything the opposit of how i would have answered and got . esfp extravert (8 9 % ) * * sensing ( 38 % ) * * feeling ( 62 % ) * * ... how do i convert html to this ? i wanted to post my sloan test results but i cant figure out how little passive agressive ? can be . a little agressive agressive ? can be that too , when the mood strikes do i belive right will win in the end ? absolutly . on this topic and pretty much everywhere ... for me i took a look at all the functions and narrowed down those i most identified with . i then took those functions and used them to narrow down my options . from that point i then considered the ... i would also like to add that my husband has joked with me for years about having aspergers . upon further consideration and after studying both aspergers and now the cognitive finctions i'm more ... this is only conjecture but i would imagine he wants to confirm because of his aspergers . to expand on what i said about te . when i said i use the te to understand my ni rationally i'm not sure that was the correct useage of the word rational . i work outwardly to pin down my intuition in ... by her explination , in order of how she explains them , i identify more with fi than fe , te more than ti , se more than si and ni more than ne . to expound on this from my own understandings i would ... i agree with you about not seeing se as animalistic . i get the feeling he couldn't find the correct word so he was just searching for a way to explain . what i liked first was the water drop ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XJTMAKh2zgw&feature=youtube_gdata_player if you have the time to watch it i love this guys explination well personality isn't just about what you say . if you and i where to meet on the street nothing would probably be said . at least not much by me and most certianly not enough to gage personality . ... ok . i've given a bit of thought to the videos i did . i really felt posting more candid clips would be most revealing and comparitive to other videos more original . that being said perhaps it ... oh just to clarify the what more do you want ? wasn't rhetorical .   ... thank you for the compliment - btw not revealing ? i personally thought this would be most revealing . i have seen videos all over youtube of people talking about what they are . this is pretty raw . what more do you want ? drink water ; move on . seriously . i don't know the sorted in and outs of it but don't be like that . you made a desision its done . worst comes to worse ask yourself why do i want to be with ... ok . here goes nothing ... http://youtu.be/bijz1uUkdqY http://youtu.be/WQ3dVtHiWU4 i like the table its very neat and organized . when i have some time to thoroghly . set down and study each one i will . and i'll most certianly get back with a responce on it . i am debating with ... to answer your first question - i use the ellipses as a pause for thought . if by ellipses you do in fact mean my . . . when i'm typing i tend to try and follow my train of thought fairly ... up until this very moment i have grasped everything you said . a lot of the above felt like i was largely being left out of some inside joke ... lol part of me says i should go meditate on it and ... i won't discount that age does play a role . it plays a roll where all types are concerned . in regards to how i relate to each i'll explain it this way when i first started looking into this my ... also , at least from what i've read in the isfp forum , i really don't identify with them . ok . so you gathered fi and se but what about the ti vs te and ni vs ne ? i had been fairly convenced with intj vs isfp based upon the assumption of ni and te in conjuncture with fi and se .. what ... i have an idea . everyone seems focused on arguing the fi and se . rather than argue the way things have been proceeding could each of you define your interpertation of each function ? it would ... i appreciate and respect this responce . i want to also be 100 % clear that i am in no way being condesending or any way ireverent in that . a lot of people have commented here that my tone ... actually i never tested as an intj ... intp , infp , isfp ... i did a comprehensive test and found that my scores where comming out 50/50 a lot by percent . i decided to look at the whole process from ... really ? you're going to take that personally ? i could have got miffy about you constantly trying to say my points where dodgey and irrelivent . just because you don't understand something doesn't ... as i read threw this i feel the thread has taken a life of its own and over all deverted from the point . @ arkigos - i feel you've in many regards stayed mature and on point . i also don't think ... the take my ball and go home you just threw out makes me think intp for you but threwout this discussion i've often wondered if you wernt undernieth it all an istp . but then i accounted for your ... i think you misunderstood what i said here and kind of ran with it . i know sometimes my explinations seen clear to me but upon later examination others miss what i'm saying . when i said ...  ... ok welll as i understand this you have all the functions to some degree . and additional at my age i would be more roundly developed than say someone in thier 20 ' s so if you take the functions ni , ... ok i did a little looking at this simply from the order of functions correct me if i'm wrong but your argument is you feel my se is less developed than my fi ... wouldn't that supoort the notion ... ok well tell me then what kind of e you think i might be ? i feel pretty comfortable now with the intj assesment but my expertise in this area is virginal at best . '