' i think this is one reason the energy has gone from our communication . there are so many ideas of mutual interest i'd like to share with her . however , expressing this by email won't be the same as ... thank you for you input ... but , if this is the case , why bother giving me her email address ? by continuing minimal contact is she trying to protect my pride ? i've subtly let her know how serious my ... just thought ... maybe she is freaked out because i identified her type so quickly ? ... mybe scared that i can read her better than she can me . would this be a problem for you guys ? i've been trying ... 1 . most of my friends who i've asked to test have been infj's :) maybe because i'm more socially outgoing i stand a better chance of finding you . as an enfp i meet a lot of people but i am ... i just posted this issue on an enfp thread but thought i'd start a new thread here ... i have met an infj on a dating site but i have no idea how to read her . i'm used to taking my time with ... i've asked most of my close friends to do mbti tests and all but one is an infj ! we are clearly drawn to each other in the real world , although i've never met an infj girl as far as i know :( i ... i've been thinking about this recently and started a thread in another forum about it . mum : esfj dad : istj me : enfp i would agree with the ' filling the void ' theory . my dad wasn't very ... i do come across people who don't like me and they seem to fall into two categories : - i've been living in a small rural town for two years and seem to have a reputation , with some people , as being ... no you're not alone ... but the problem is that i'm only attracted to girls who i can put on a pedestal ( a very rare encounter ) she asked to speak to me last night and we ended up chatting for two and a half hours . for the first time we talked openly about dating and love . what got the subject going was a documentary about ... thanks for your best wishes .. maybe that combination of parents make an * nfp . how many sibling do you have ? what order are you ? i've got three younger sisters . maybe we could pm and get to know ... would a year of of being patient cut it ? ( i know it can't be as definitive as ' a year ' but a looong time of romantic tension ... ) no pressure , just being there for you and caring when you needed ... of course not silly ! ! ! it's cool ( as long as it's ironic ) ! ! ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1sxZ4tsp8gc lmao ! ! ! what's wrong with these people ? ... seriously ? spatially unaware people should be shot ! twice ! ! ! clumsy isn't so much the problem but rather loud and inconsiderate people i'm not sure if this is the right sub-forum to ask this question but i suspect this might be a ' highly sensitive person ' ... after trawling through the infp forum and seeing the early results of this poll it's clear you guys have a reluctancy to take risks in love . as an enfp i can relate to the fear of rejection but i ... thanks owfin and niss my plan is to get my own place asap and am currently looking for any part-time job . i was hoping to get some teaching work ( supply / cover ) so i could stay in the profession ... hey , don't worry about it ! i didn't think it was personal at all :) in terms of committing to something long term i don't think that would scare me . especially if i had taken a long ( infp ) time to ... ultimately , what i would like to establish is ... is is normal behaviour for infp , females be romantically suggestive with close platonic friends ( who are very likely to have feelings for them ) ? ... after a long time trying to understand and build a relationship with my dad i think i've identified him as an istj my polar opposite . in some ways it doesn't surprise me because we've never seen eye ... i think i just read it and panicked and maybe i'm over reacting but at least this does highlight something that does worry me about her . maybe after all i've been looking for signs and hanging on ... after all this great advice and feeling really positive about the whole situation i've just had a massive stake put through my heart ! she has more or less spelt out that she's serious about two ... what is the thread title ? can the responses be nothing else but opinion ? not only prejudiced then ? ... i can't speak for other enfps but personally that's all i've ever been looking for . i've only had a few one night stands but they were all consensual and i always feel like crap for ages .  ... your point being ? that you are prejudiced ? be the change you want to see in the world http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WibmcsEGLKo that doesn't mean we should remove them from the gene pool ! we are all equal and have the right to life . 1-6 % are deaf or blind ... they'd be next ! how about people with mental disabilities ? autistic ... i'm an enfp but i hope you guys don't mind me interjecting . i feel it is my duty to share my opinions after reading the op and following posts . with the greatest respect i am utterly appalled that ... she does doubt herself as a ' partner ' and recently i've maybe overdoing it in terms of compliment and being a bit gushing . but for the most part i let her make the first move in communication . if ... problem is she lives 400 miles away and not the easiest place to get to either we can im and chat on the phone forever . but friends have said that she's got me ' on tap ' and it's safe for like ... you should research highly sensitive persons hsps ... they have infp written all over themselves . although i'm enfp i test as borderline and when i feel strong emotions it generally springs from ... fairy dust tell me about it ! that's why i really needed to start my own thread over this . i've been ping-ponging all over the place and all these comments have really helped . it's mainly been ... this is the basis of some evolutionary theory that makes us social animals . we are ' nice ' because it is in our self interest to maintain a position in social hierarchy . see dawkin's ' the selfish ... don't worry i understand where you're coming from and i didn't expect so many responses to be as positive . i do need to prepare myself for the possibility of a platonic future with her ( in fact i ... i hope that's why she won't agree on a date to meet , because she's waiting until she's ready to progress things . it also explains why she wasn't in the right place when we first met . after all she ... me too :) hopefully that means i don't have to think of clever ways to give her clues . i suppose painting her flowers is a pretty obvious sign in itself ... and also explains why she doesn't need to ... i can tell when she isn't being honest with me . it's not that she lies but she can skate around the truth ... ooh , speak of the devil ! she's just made an appearance on my wall within 24 hours of ... fairy dust crazyeddie the ' let them stew ' strategy doesn't feel natural at all for me and i have to really resist the temptation to dash in there . right from the beginning i've been holding back ... the way you describe the hesitation makes a lot of sense and i can see it in her . i do have a lot of patience but i am concerned that i won't get the pace and tone right and either scare her off or ... i've spent the last year wondering what she wants and i'm very up and down . when i'm positive i feel like i've got an f16 jet taking off inside my chest . sometimes i feel like she's going out of ... i've already posted aspects of my dilemma with my infp ' friend ' in various threads and received some kind advice . please don't be offended if i repeat some of the story . it would be helpful for me ... sorry if my post went into too much superficial detail :( it was recognised almost a century ago by a.s.neil , the founder of summer hill . the link may not have worked earlier as youtube ... i admit to not watching the videos and only skimming through the thread . my comments are based on my experiences as a ' learner ' and observations as a high school teacher ( uk ) . this is obviously a ... : blushed : originally posted by siliconbuddha if i am in love you won't know what's hit you ! ! ! love letters , drawings , hand made presents but most importantly spontaneous acts . like humour , romance ... it depends how the romance manifests itself . i'm sure infps have the most romantic inner fantasy world but that isn't much use if it can't be made real . i sense that infps are tormented by this ... can you explain ? is it due to fear of rejection ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KMQyZKS8yAI woah ... sounds familiar ! i'm in a similar situation with an infp ' friend ' who i love . she told me over six months ago that ' she wasn't ready for a relationship ' which i interpreted as ' i'm not ... i've always had massive respect for my esfj mum and love her to bits . i've only seen her angry a dozen or so times and she'll try to see the best in anyone . since i've become more interested in ... ready for this ? i may have missed out a few ! - illustrator - labourer - production line in a cake factory - bartender - usher in cinema - multimedia developer - graphic designer - bowling ... i've only known two infp females as far as i know . the first was a friend's gf and it was embarrassing how well we got on ( much better than with my friend ) we could talk for hours and hours and ... '