' tbh all depends on maturity . enfp's and mine ti and fi can clash hard if it's something we stand on opposite sides from , but in a mature version like one of my best friends my ti complements her te ... eh , i know an unhealthy intj and this is very familiar it was good , for the most part the nt part resonates very strongly with me , though very glad that you made remark except extraverts , because entp female , being dom ne and tert fe can .. manage better ... i think you're onto something there :-) i'm going to reply in a more extensive fashion but just this in the meantime , ne does not mean people focused.it can but ne is way more into whether those people have intriguing things to say or ... hello .. welcome :) and both sites you mention are more related to gaming than anything else :) just fyi steam = gaming distribution platform and owned by valve -> devs from halflife and portal ... had the exact same thing couple of weeks ago . but with an intp as best friend you just have to deal , we'll always need more contact than them , even if we are the idc one in other relations married to one in may , been together for over 10yrs . he has his issues , i have mine.he leaves me be a lot , which i need and like.the only thing that drives me crazy is his passive-agressive ... ugh you infp's , watch this manga it'll change your life is your answer to everything . [ emoji 6 ] entp here -> use your ne :-) it sounds too simple but it just is.wallow a while if you must and then go on and try to find the silver lining.its hardly ever that there isn't one writing shorthand makes you sound like a moron . get drinks , not wasted just comfy , and talk in the dark whilst looking at nothing , or sitting outside , and just lay your cards on the table . ehh netherlands or belgium ? op : i speak dutch ( native ) , english ( c1 ) , french ( b2 ) and understand german partially but cannot speak it . but tbh here in belgium you don't have a lot of choice if you ... standing in front of your mirror , staring , with your toothbrush for over a minute , before you realise what's missing . toothpaste no jk , i find this incredibly romantic i once sent one back , it was on a diskette , a word document . i corrected it , it was full of spelling mistakes . attraction = over : s i was mean , and also , i was told that he only did that to have a ... make it stop.please make it stop . * shudder * who hurt you ! ? when you set out to make a definitive statement but it winds up in you ending with a question mark ( even irl ) or sticking a 99.2 % certainty on something.gnaa ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jwW3o-cRCKc https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=vermaelen%27s+projects https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VGeEmIDPOFo thank you for your extensive post and engagement in the discussion . although i do not agree with the idea that type changes over the years ( mature hence develop - yes , change - no ) , i can't help but ... your styled look - meh but that second pic , that one could put my slippers under his bed 😉 ( if i weren't happily married and shit ) je te croix . la mienne c'est tout à fait ok mais ce n'est pas sans ces fautes de nederlandse vrouwen zullen blij zijn dat te horen :-) ik ben belgisch vlaams ;-) crazy accurate , against these people i sort of bullshit superhard with theories and terminology that or not exist or are at that point only bound together by my intuition and logic ( which i often ... dammit it's my autocorrect apt.extravert thus nono i meant extrovert.sorry , late post , typo ah . i always thought it was just an american thing . so now i've gone and investigated . http://www.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/english/extrovert and jung whose work we are speaking about also ... doesn't sound weird at all o . o :) het is een artificiëel kuiltje trouwens . aangeschaft op mijn 16 jaar . have been known to ask that . or , hmm , how old am i actually again ( 29 ) that stinks . sorry i was thinking more of the consultants that go work their for 2yrs with high pay checks , which is very shortsighted of me . my woolhope oh my , that seems like an awful place to live as an entp.the fact that i'm a woman doesn't help my opinion . could be a lucrative place though , no ? inderdaad.op alles . ik ging dat ook allemaal posten maar te veel werk.dus danku :-) nu moet ik het niet meer dien en kan ik gewoon lezen https://uploads.tapatalk-cdn.com/20160111/70c16c0a67cb04c88ba763f95e47804f.jpg so monday oh .. ooh .. black books check black books now :) parting from the limited info i have here , i don't really see a lot of fe in your father.which would mean very fucked up entp because at his age he must have developed some , although trying to push ... true.hey first poster , why do you think your father is a sociopath ? what indications do you have ? this could be your acceptance speech when you win the imsofabulous award ! you're right , not very clear.sorry that happens when posting so late - . - so questions : 1 ) were you bullied / a bully . 2 ) if bullied , did you forgive your bullies , or lost the perseverance to stay ... nederlands is een germaanse taal , net zoals het duits . dus het is veel herkenbaarder . hmm , neen.geen speciale karakters zoals ß ü enzo . on true entp there was a post about whether you forgive your bullies if you were bullied . my answer to that i will copy underneath because i'm resource-efficient that way :) but one of the ... ik denk eerder dat dat frans is , maar ik kan me vergissen . irritated ischias nerve like receiving electroshocks every 20secs during 1hr.or ruptured cyste on my ovaries . oh and giving birth octodad ? http://images.tapatalk-cdn.com/15/12/16/4207025fd2251ccd336be93ce20645f7.jpg i swear to you , one day i will be able to take a picture without that weird crooked grinsmirk [ emoji 32 ] cats aren't supposed to listen , you broke it oh we dont use that smiley as blushing . more as mihihi . but i do blush so terribly awful , stupid fe . and due to my fair skin i get tomato red the moment i feel slightly embarrassed '