' if you do not care for evidence do not question the factual points i have made , i have nothing against you holding your own beliefs , but please do not attempt to argue with me when you have nothing ... mathematics does not prove anything , physics is the science by which we understand the universe , mathematics is just the method we use to make sense of it . god is eternal - empirical evidence ... and my point still remains , you have not disproven anything , i am still waiting ... are you talking to me ? would you like to quote me using a stereotype or are you stereotyping me ? who's to say people don't use it to make sense of there own personal phycology , who said it was about being special , superior or putting other people down , why can it not simply be a method by which ... i have been arguing creationists for a long time so here's my best argument to put forward : you believe that an all knowing all powerful being existed without reason and created everything from ... i have them all the time , i think it's due to the fact i think most people are stupid ( even the ones most people call clever ) , like when someone makes a quick judgement call , my initial reaction is , ... people believe in god to give reason for there existence , so what is gods reason for existence ? your reading you know your an intp when then hear the sound of heavy rain outside your window , then go over and take a look outside to see how it is changing the environment and just so you can ... i only have 1 chair that i use , and its uncomfortable to sit on with clothes on it , so i usually save another step and leave them on the floor xd ! apparently there are 2 ways to sing from the chest and from the head , so i actually think most intps would make alright singers , since we are logical enough to recognise the tone of our voice and ... ok listen , you claim to be a science major yet you talk about micro evolution and macro evolution when there is no such thing , ask a biologist , the only difference is time , its like saying i could ... your opinion that it take a leap of faith for life to evolve by random chance sounds very creationist of you , my opinion of what you have just said is to pigeon hole you with the flat earth society , ... really hit the nail on the head with this i think , i don't really cuddle strangers , although i feel fine with some people , almost like certain people just want to share there love with everyone they ... ok so i work for a reasonably large company as a general operative , i've been here just over a year and i'm only just above minimum wage , now the company itself is struggling financially and has been ... i don't get this either , you imply that someone created the universe is a hypothesis , in order for me to accept that a someone rather than a something created it , i must first ask the questions , ... i don't get this at all , the first commandment says thou shalt have no other gods before me , what exactly about the words i am the way , the truth , and the life and no one comes to the father ... believing something without evidence seems counter intuitive , i get people needing some sort of fulfilment from there being something greater than us , i just don't get that an intp in particular ... i don't believe anyone who identifies themselves with any religion is completely clear-headed , i don't understand how anyone on this planet could accept something written before the invention of ... i love cuddles , i guess it just makes me feel all warm inside , i don't like expressing my emotions verbally , and i think cuddles are a way for me to get emotional fulfilment without me having to say ... a cd rack in the shape of a saxophone , making music has never really interested me , and a sax just makes me think of jazz , which i would rather stick pins into my eyes than listen too ... would you know i'm british , turns out i'm not as bad as i'm being made out to be :p roud : they don't actually annoy me that much if i'm honest , so long as i can read what is being said without having to go back and work out what the other person is trying to say it doesn't bother me , ... when you get into an intellectual debate with someone then get furious when you come to the realisation that there opinion isn't based on actual evidence , and then they resort to statements like , ... to clarify what i'm really saying is that through thousands of years of evolution the male has been the hunter / protector for the family , while the female has been to one to care for the children , the ... i think it may just be the natural maternal instinct of females in general , which makes them slightly more receptive to there environment , this might not be true of all female intps , though the need ... i think its due to our inability to understand our emotions , when my grandma died i never cried , up until the point at her funeral when the speaker said she leaves behind 2 children and 5 ... love driving , i even go to car shows and festivals , i think it stems from being logical since driving is a very logical skill , and the fact that i can appreciate engineering and technology , i guess ... well i cannot argue with different words and translations , i would hardly call me a liar , you are talking about a piece of literature that was written before the invention of paper , then trying to ... the problem with all this is that its all rubbish , let me give you a lesson on statistical probability ... so let say you go on holiday to miami , while your there you go for a walk on the beach , ... hahahahahahaha , that really made me laugh , it happens to me all the time , all my friends are extroverts > . < double post > . < because its polite ? that's very intp of you , please work on your charisma , i know you weren't born with any , neither was i , but its nice to be nice just for the sake of being nice : happy : welcome , you sound like i felt when i first discovered i was an intp , i'm not a religious man but i believe i became enlightened that day :p roud : i'm not sure what you mean by si ( don't spend a whole lot of time on these forums ) , but i do believe weed makes me more myself , more absent minded , more thoughtful , i guess i can analyse things ... when you get apprehensive before getting a haircut because it means looking at yourself in the mirror for 10 minutes , while talking about the meaningless everyday lives of your friends and the ... castrated people are automatically sterile , because the testes ( for males ) and ovaries ( for females ) produce sex cells needed for sexual reproduction . once removed the subject is infertile . the voice ... as edmund burke once said , all that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing , i do not believe that as a society placing people in prison for commiting multiple violent ... i see what you are saying here but i disagree , allowing someone who has caused hurt , pain , torment , mental distress , and / or long term physical scars , does not deserve another chance , no matter what ... i had also considered this , although lightning doesn't strike twice , violent individuals are usually arrested consistantly for similar offences , it wouldn't be that hard to create legislation that ... ok so i was thinking the other day about people who commit violent attacks on others , specifically spontanious ones , by that i mean attacking someone not to get back at someone for some previous ... bloke at work : so did you know that if the earth was just 1 foot closer to the sun we would all burn me : no we wouldn't bloke at work : yes its true ! me : no its not , the earth has an ... anyone who said no just hasn't met enough bad people , some people don't have the ability to see the concequences of there actions , they don't consider how others may be feeling , they think treating ... i can't really remember a specific time when i was talking to a feeler , although during a normal day i find i am very contented with how the world passes me by day by day , then occasionally i will ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_IVqMXPFYwI&list=FLKgaRwofEjz4WHJsXd-sk7w http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m6ugFcwsgpE its funny i actually see this from a different perspective , to me this represents the ability of mankind to understand nuclear fission / fusion , fully enough to reproduce the atomic reactions at the ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dhRUe-gz690 such an excellent answer , i very much agree , fellow intp ... wow , who would have thought i was capable of being poetic : laughing : carl sagan http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_JVOHgCFd-Q carl sagans wife http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x7Inz2cZnXs other famous pot smokers include : for me the best way to get a clear understanding of my type is by looking in the you know your an intp / intj when threads , when you find people who share your personality you will know about it , ... '