' i'm always starting new books , so i actually very rarely finish any these days . i read a lot of fanfiction , but not many books , because i can't focus well enough to read the kind of books i'd like to ... i'm not as into buying second-hand as i would like to be . it very much depends , but clothes and furniture i have a difficult time with if i don't know where's from and who's selling it . i don't mind ... i hate being naked as i'm extremely insecure about my body , and feel very uncomfortable about it . i always wear as many clothes as i can , and rarely less than long trousers and and a t-shirt . i ... well no , but you know , i might if there was anything to take pride it . i'm definitely endomorph , and i'm not happy about my body at all . well i don't have much actual experience , i've only dated one person who was my own age , and it wasn't a particular success . but generally speaking , i'm definitely more attracted to people older than ... your scores : auditory : 5 % visual : 75 % tactile : 20 % interesting , i always find these tests difficult , because i can never really decide on what suits be best , but in this test it was mostly ... mad to be normal , and i loved it ! ( it was the weekend before last ... i should really watch more movies ) i'm very soon 28 , and i'm also still quite unhealthy , although i'm in a much better place right now than i have been . what's helped me is getting a dog again ( which means i have to do something , ... i'm so behind on which movies are coming out this year , so basically , right now i'm just looking forward to mad to be normal :) i love theatre ! unfortunately , because of school , i lost my love for it during the important teenage years , so i never got into going for a theatrical education . and i've never gotten around to try ... usually , i talk myself out of it way before i even get close enough for the small dumb stuff to ruin it . but while i was staying in london last year i did go for some meetups , which were quite ... writing with modern and an ancient version of greek letters - well , that's a lie , because i can't do it anymore , but when i was like 16 i used it to write notes i didn't want people to easily read . i ... i also mostly test as an infp , but have also a few times tested as intp , isfp or infj . i do love movies , and my life has revolved quite a lot around movies and tv series ( and the like ) since i was like 11 . but that being said , i don't actually watch all that much of either anymore . i ... i was never naturally good with any language ! i had a hard time learning to read and write my native language , never mind learning english and german ! it took ages without much improvement , until it ... gosh , i love colours , but if i had to pick a favourite i think it'd be orange . and then hot pink and / or blue . but really , i'm such a sucker for all colours ! i was never really into make-up , and therefore i never really learned how to apply it - now i would probably use it way more if i actually knew how to do it properly , but as it is i only use a ... definitely never sold nor done drugs ... and even though they claim all young people know where to get drugs , i wouldn't even have the first clue as to how to get any ! north : kangerlussuaq , greenland east : nuuk , greenland south : barcelona , spain west : norrköping , sweden rationality you like clarity and intelligent simplicity and you get frustrated at messy thinking . this can make you seem unreasonably pushy to some , but it is actually a virtue : you are motivated ... back in my younger schools days , yes , absolutely ! i was always the one hit by the ball , we certainly joked that if i was the goal we'd have done really well ! so in happened if i participated in ... i'm finding it a bit difficult to give an accurate vote , because it all varies so much ! 1 . i am easily overwhelmed by strong sensory input.don ' t think so 2 . i seem to be aware of subtleties in ... 1 ) what kind of life do you want to live ? i'd like to live in the uk , working in theatre , particularly at rsc or such , and spend my free time outdoor going to all the beautiful places , take lots ... used to love writing ... but now i've got a complete writer's block ... on any kind of writing :( oh forgot about the butterfly - - don't know whether it's already been mentioned , but in danish it's called : sommerfugl = summer bird well i was a girl scout for + 10 years , even went to a school that had it as it's theme i love being outdoor ! sadly i don't do it as much as i'd like to , but i sure do dream of doing a lot of ... danish - native english - got top grades at a-level german - got second highest grade at c level ( umm yeah don't know what that's the equivalent of ) i had half a year of french ... i can say my ... uf ... well i didn't know all the words and couldn't really be bothered to look them up just now ... so might have removed some that would describe me ... adventurous ( well , more like wannabe ) ... night owl ... it's a rare day that my brain works properly before 9 pm-ish ... and therefore i hate going to sleep at a reasonable time because i've just finally reached my peak , and if i go to sleep ... i've always associated weekdays with colours monday is red ( like stop-sign red ) tuesday is orange wednesday is brown thursday is pink friday is white saturday ( for some reason this one is a ... i only dance when i'm drunk and the music is so good i can't stand still . which happens very rarely . incidentally it happened just this weekend at my brother's wedding - and i haven't danced in the ... officially i'm a protestant christian and was baptised as such . but my parents aren't the religious sort of people , it's all more been a case of that's just what one does ... and mostly i've only ... intrapersonal naturalistic kinaesthetic linguistic visual / spatial interpersonal logical musical normally i get highest in intrapersonal , linguistic and visual ... but as already pointed out , ... i don't have a drug or alcohol addiction , and don't think i'm likely to get one . i am , however , also very much all or nothing and simply can't do moderation - so if i do go out on a night out i'll ... i'm laid-back with some things , and anything but with others . i think with education and work i'm a horrible mixture - i get very stressed-out about it when i'm in it , but totally laid-back by ... i love travel , but i'm not particularly adventurous or daring about it . but going somewhere new , or somewhere not home is when i feel most alive , and the times i remember best . i've not really ... i certainly had a hard time in school . i always felt really stupid compared to everyone else , and way behind on everything . i hated school pretty much from the first years , and it just got worse .  ... some of the stuff i've loved the most through the years ( at the top of my head anyway ) doctor who ( season 1-4 ½ ) being human ( season 1-2 ) robin hood ( bbc version ) pushing daisies x-files ... well , i don't actually watch that many movies anymore ... unfortunately ... but i just can't concentrate unless it's something i really wanna watch . so bascially all the last stuff i've watched and ... ah , good question ... i suppose i sleep too much most days these days , or at least lie in my bed way too long . but it's rarely during the night , or at least only half of it ... i pretty much never go ... ah , i'd say i have a bit of all those three subtypes ... for some reason i always test sanguine , and i honestly don't know why because it certainly don't fit me . i'm not happy-go-lucky or ... aww , such cute photos ! i adore animals , but i am admittedly mostly a dog-person , especially if fluffy dogs are involved ! we've had a dog during more years of my life than not , but we had an almost ... well , it seems like i mostly have all the less desirable infp traits - i'm not good at reading people ( not knowingly anyway ) , not really all that loving and caring , not very creative nor good at ... hmmm ... 6-7 , clawing and anxious is probably mostly me , but without the gothic tendencies . life is definitely boring , i'm stuck and unmotivated , i cannot do anything creative nor write - i'm ... well i don't think anyone has ever actually told me so . i suppose people are just too polite to right out tell me that . but i think everyone who knows me could readily agree on that . it's heavily ... well i don't really do anything for a living , which is kinda of a big problem . but i'm pretty messed up and don't feel like there's anything i could do , so there's that . but i'd love to make a ... i don't really like alcohol as such , in that i don't enjoy the taste . and i don't drink very often , probably between 1-5 times a year , and i didn't really drink until i was about 20 because i didn't ... narcissism 0 machiavellianism 1.6 psychopathy 0.6 your score was 46 of 100 . well , dunno ... i always find it a bit difficult to answer stuff like this : s but i did try my best and i ... sounds like a wonderful idea . my only problem with doing this in reality is that i really prefer to be somewhere with toilet facilities , and that usually means other people as well ... ah , well . but i ... i care more than i express since i have given up on looking good anyway , so well , whatever - i agree with the sentiment of just doing enough to avoid embarrassment . so i look like i don't care much ... '