' hi ... so i'm an infp i'm like so working towards changing my p to a j .. what do i need to do yo diet around company that i start to get settled with my face becomes relaxed . when i step out of the house to get to somewhere , i have an instant lack of facial expression . it's better to have a more ... factors like environment and life events have a toll on how i think marijuana is to be consumed . i know hiphop-based artists consume it quite often and it blends in with their brand , therefore it's ... you know her more than all of us , but .. is she emotionally unstable ? if so , then look into it ! i try to stir away from personality types as much as possible if i know mental health is involved . independence ( which begins now ) atamagasuita i know :( i realised this as soon as i had to take my own issues into account . the feeling of losing someone can be like a challenge because of how unreal everything seems . however , ... this might require you to search deeper into how you are thinking . also finding another counsellor who can really give you the insight you need ( not saying be dependent on professionals , but they ... be in the moment and discover what it's like , to take all your burdens and feel no need to fight . see it as it is and don't think ahead , and don't ever forget to embrace everything that's said ... my friend has just shown all signs of someone who is unhealthy . the sudden switch from becoming this passive narcissistic , manipulative person who's ( sub ) consciously feeding themselves mentally and ... i hope so to ! i know therapy can really help in these situations , even for those who are potential victims . i think my friend is investing her time into therapy as well , but i'm not too sure .. the ... i once photoshopped their face and showed it , and they liked it . that's about it . unbiased ( figures ) but lean more towards pro-life : i feel like most situations when a baby can be delivered and then either adopted or actually taken care of then why abort ? i also understand that ... sadly on point :( it feels like a years worth of friendship and connection has just gone because of the state my friend is in . she continues to pull and push me and was never like this before ... i give criticism on behaviours and skill sets which can come across as judging , however i only do it for professional and emotional reasons . however personally , i'm really open minded :) it's recently happened to myself but i've also done it before however mine was more about jealousy and envy that caused me to react awfully . however i'm too interested in finding out motives , ... one of those situations where you have to just apply forward thinking : let's say he has confirmed his feelings for you but obviously not said it in words but through signs and shit ( might be his ... i always thought fi and ti were moral and value based but used different methods : rational ( ti ) and irrational ( fi ) . what's so nice about infp and entj is how their dominant and inferior functions ... i'll add you on skype then ! ( no video chats lol ) t's do care , they just prefer logical / rational motives . i'd also say me but choose atamagasuita anyone can flirt ! i think some infps ( well myself anyway ) tend to use humour and childish behaviour when mentioning innuendos . i've never found the normal flirting to be of much interest to me , but ... i'm a type 4 and i do have some biased views that i stick by but i am quite unbiased towards people's motives and reasons . when you see the good in everyone because having an opinion sucks . quite understandable ! that sense of independency is desirable and when you grow up around family and friends who have a certain way of living and their values don't fit with yours , you'll want to ... she has a fear of trust and attachment . probably from her childhood ( father ) and / or past relationship experiences . she idealises love and connection , and when she finds it in the practical she's ... dimmsdale still believing there's hope with connections because of how vivid the past experiences were . is it wrong ? do you only find it to be non-reciprocated according to your own values and beliefs ? of course if someone does not embrace you the way you want them to , then it's one sided . i just wonder if an on ... try investing your time into studying mindset by carol dweck . an understanding of the dichotomy between a fixed and growth mindset :) amen . i feel a strange connection to someone when they are suffering , but it's not the suffering itself that makes me feel close . i think it's the raw , dry , helpless form they represent that ... beauty is a quality that i find has a sense of duality - passive and bold . we embrace beauty when things are vivid , yet we embrace beauty when things are cloudy . its connotation is so mutual that its ... i understand the feeling of alienation when receiving negative reception , it cocoons you into feeling you are not ready to embrace the world and that one day you will emerge as this unique , special ... it plays its toll in bringing values into how i understand things , but when my te needs to help me embrace more pragmatic concerns then that's a biggie . it would be very nice to see a world where everyone uses physical interactions and not rely on the internet to stimulate them . however , for some even having physical interactions is a form of ... sorry :D i feel that infps values based on their fi come into play much more with how they express love , compared to infj who's values based on their ti may not ? i don't really know how the value ... i think with the fe and fi comparison , fe feels the need to make love and affection harmonious for its own sake ? it's why i can imagine infj's to be good counsellors - helping those but not letting ... mihael willman yes it can . depending on if your values are self indulged then what you logically work out will only benefit your ways further . te in way is like an auxiliary when you need ... something i'll always notice with infps , and is what makes me grateful with the way infjs can control this , is how our empathy and compassion can sometimes deny a form of love which disturbs , ... i can consider different factors that contribute to your cycle of negative memories , some that are more cognitive based . here is a cheesy scenario of each function : fiona the fi walks into a ... omg read wittgenstein ’ s beetle analogy ! not so similar but it involves a box and relates to my topic ! self-realization can become distorted because you limit yourself to seeing the potential of certain adopted skills and potential skills to be adopted . our te is a function for a reason you know ! it's ... bruce lee's analogy of water is less poetic than margaret's ! it's perf for this thread , along with your description . if we really want to express our unique and special ways then like i said in ... work within the system not with the system . be in the world not of the world . ^ ^ ^ good examples of uniqueness when used positively and progressively . we only make it depressing when it confirms ... uniquely unique .. i like that . i came from a point of trying to explain that sometimes our cognitive thinking causes us to label ourselves as totally different from other people , which can be true in ... i get judgemental and judgement confused sometimes hehe - we make judgements to conclude certain situations , whereas we are judgemental when firing shots to attack or a poor attempt of self defence ... arwen 7 lakigigar i must've not made my thread that clear ( or i did but people skim read it ) :D i like your passion btw lakigigar because i am also like that when i see such injustice and the ... entj infj enfp infp the first always stays at the top because of the logical / emotional dynamics that go on ! they rest are all of an importance but if events take place then it's hard to ... we tend to judge badly based on what we don't know , what we haven't experienced or what we have been taught . there needs to be a balance ! too much listening would mean you become a listener ( duh ) ... it's like a defence mechanism that we are or aren't aware of - no harm in protecting yourself but there's a difference between that and shutting out . i also like to read up on enneagrams when it ... '