aw this sucks . i am in arizona . have fun guys :) thank you ! :) legend aw thank you : ) ) 87365 this is a really great description . good job on explaining it :) this is exactly me . it sucks :( i am the same way too . and i have no idea what it means . maybe it because of sensitivity to energies where it causing a lot of imbalance ? i am really soft spoken but i tend to talk really fast > . < i am not a fan of arguing . i will walk away from it . to me , it not worth pursuing . for debating , it depend on the topic but as long as both parties are open minded regarding it , then i am okay ... i am not much of a physical experience person . the most physical experience i would get is walking . aw thank you hun :) i don't feel like i fit into these infjs threads anymore . maybe it because i might not be an infj or is there a lot of mistypes ? hmm ... people tell me personal things all the time . i also attract wounded hearts as well . maybe it have to do something with how we perceive the energy of ourselves , like we have this type of aura where ... when you can go through the entire weekend without talking to another living soul that's how i am taking my class too lol :) love when i am out and about , i usually don't want to be bothered . to have someone approach me out of nowhere would freak me out and i would question why this person is approaching me . sorry , but that ... i am the same exact way when it comes to new territories . i am also a 6w5 as well . what i do is i just stay in the situation and don't leave . it will make things worse if i just walk away because to ... oh wow . how weird is that ? http://youtu.be/Cvnk_DSUq3E :D thank you so much . that make me feel really good i just want my acne scars to go away . they make me feel ugly :( i am not scared of death . if it my time to go , then it time to go . i do believe in reincarnation and believe we have many lives before this one . : ) 84 % infj 4 % intj 3 % enfj 3 % infp 3 % isfj i am always at the infj and intj borderline when i take these tests ... ah lol . i remember when i took a personality test at work , i scored high in ... you are taking a free social psychology class because you just want to know why , why , why about people and why they do the things they do haha > . < my whole life i was different . i was the black sheep and always did my own thing . i value my a lone time though so i never really cared how many friends i have , it just a part of me . oh yes i was ... i was born with a hearing loss in both my ears and for a long time i had people telling me that i would not make it because of my disability . people automatically think that if you have a hearing ... thank you :D i believe in everything . vampires , unicorns , faeries , and so on . : ) i suck at it :( in order go get pull back onto reality well something need to happen like an event to bring me back otherwise i live in my own little world . still learning . i have no idea . once you find out , let me know lol i am moving back to california ( moreno valley ) soon but i made my mark : ) 79079 i always have a hard time saying what is on my mind . it like the words are clear in my mind , but when i try to get it out it like i'm speaking a foreign language , lol . it just doesn't come out the ... this . usually with my dad otherwise i keep it to myself . i am the suffer in silence type :/ also , i would go on perc to vent some things too . when i was younger , yes . but as i have gotten older , not really . i became a little cold and distant . it due with me being hurt a lot and being taken advantage of . so now , i am being really ... by accident , i pick none . i only know one infj other then myself and that is a distance family member . ( my ex stepdad's niece ) we still keep in contact over facebook but we are not super close though . i would try to look for a program in your country that can help you out . plus , if you honestly just can't find a job because of your condition , is there a program that can help people out who are on ... i don't hold grudges at all . even if i did , it wouldn't last that long anyways . i just keep my distance from people after they mistreated me . i dreamed of an old friend cheating on her husband . random , right ? and i have not talk to her in a long time . hi may i have my name change to dreamingsoul ? thank you : ) hi . first off , i want to say so sorry about this . i suffer from ptsd and get panic attack all the time . do you know what trigger the anxiety right now ? what i mean is , do you feel like the stress ... i am so sorry for your loss and as well to everyone here on the forum who lost someone . my ex boyfriend passed a few months ago . it was the first time someone that was close to me ( or was ) ... her and i sat right next to each other at work . we didn't talk for a month and then she randomly ask what is my story . i just told her i needed a job which is why i am here and that it . of ... after working at my job for a year now , i will never ever work with the public like i do now . i am graceful i have a job and the fact that i am helping people , but this job change my view on society ... i think my mom is an esfp but we do butt heads a lot . she is a good person but she does not realize or even is aware that most of the things she tell me are hurtful . in her eyes , she think she is ... urgh ... i don't understand why you get upset at me when you want to hang out last minute ? ? if you want to hang out , please let me know in advanced so i can plan better because , i am sorry , my ... who i am : i am 23 ( going to be 24 less then a month ) and an infj with type 6w5 . what i am looking for : honestly , really anyone that i can learn from . : )