' and i think that the only people who might belong in prison are those who break the law . if you can't understand why prison should be exclusive to law-breakers then let me borrow your own quote : ... trump is a billionaire with an ivy league education and you don't think he has the critical thinking basics to distinguish rhetoric from policy ? what measures are you basing this assertion off of ? ... of course not i didn't mean to in any way suggest to the contrary . though it's true that not everything has to be spelled out by the dictionary , it's still confusing when you openly abandon commonly ... so you want to advocate castration for true culprits of a specific crime without using the legal definition of that crime and without trying to define the crime yourself ? yeah , forgive us if we're ... did you just quote a question of mine and then claim that it was inaccurate ? no need to answer because the question was rhetorical and meant to express derision ; i asked about voter id laws and ... i'm glad someone brought this up i was kind of annoyed that this wasn't already a feature ! a bit of a pain to always have to check the tab periodically to see if anyone replied . as a person who cites shopping with children as a litmus test for moral character i can only imagine what your litmus test would be for being a successful businessman . because apparently for ... no i meant exactly what i said ; that signing a bipartisan bill is hardly a sign of narcissism . i had loosely defined bipartisan as a bill that would have received a majority house and senate ... except that you did respond and you openly accused me of truth twisting without citing any specific comment of mine that you thought was inaccurate . i even tried digging deeper into what you meant ... do you think that apologizing when you barely even know me ( i . e . acting out of prejudice ) will put a strain on our future relationship ? also , do you think it's a bit sexist that your apology is ... i just cleared my cache / cookies for my browser and didn't see any change . still missing some ~ 100ish posts and many thanks . maybe i needed to wait longer ? maybe , but you've yet to cite a single example of a public talk where trump has defended hate groups . if trump ever legitimately said something racist or defended a hate group we'd never hear the end ... i know they're quite abundant ... just look at all the people who are so desperate for criticism that they openly conflate legitimate political strategy with a symptom of mental illness . what ... it's difficult to say because my post count has decreased on several occasions but i reckon i should have around ~ 125 posts and ~ 50 thanks received . and when you're a star they let you do it . ~ trump as a person who considers shopping with your kid on mothers day to be a legitimate litmus test for moral character i know you'll find this ... yeah that's kind of the whole point that you're missing here . if bail or other constitutional liberties are being denied to those who harbor polarized political beliefs then freedom of speech is no ... not able to answer my question , huh ? still , last i check freedom of speech is also sort of in the constitution ( a liberty that protects hate speech according to the supreme court ) and yet this ... lol when did society decide this ? we leave religious beliefs alone so long as no crime is being committed but we don't leave political beliefs alone even when no crime has been committed ? liberal ... i'm sure all the gainfully employed citizens with down syndrome would beg to differ . i always thought the gay marriage debate had it backwards . it shouldn't be whether or not gays can get married ( gays have always been able to get married , even in australia ) but whether government ... yeah this doesn't make any sense . employers can't refuse to hire people with down syndrome just because they were born with extra chromosomes but they can discriminate against religious converts ... not only does my post count keep getting removed by my profile settings keep getting reset as well ... i swear this is like the 5th time i've had to click to turn off avatars and signatures . yep you got it right . i realize i could be a number of things ... and to help sort it all out i want to learn the best way to find out if i'm gay . yes but what makes you say this ? sorry but this is really confusing for me because i say that i want our friendship to be 100 % platonic and yet for some odd reason you're still presuming my sexuality . well this new notion shifts drastically from the notion you stated earlier about discrimination being wrong if it's something you are born into . still , i don't see how many political beliefs ( i . e ... what are you talking about ? i'm not defending racism i'm just going off what you said . according to you discrimination is bad if it's because of something you're born into , and just like a person can ... so recently i've been bro crushing pretty hard on a forum member and it's gotten to the point where i really want us to be friends . the problem is that some of the comments he makes sometimes comes ... and again , there's no luck involved with making the distinction if they volunteer that information for you . still , if you think that political discrimination is wrong because we can't distinguish who ... they could always tell me ... would it be okay to discriminate then ? and either way i must digress ... how do you know who was born into a political community and who joined after reaching adulthood ? distinction for what ? if it's only bad to discriminate when it has to do with factors that a person is born into then by definition that would exclude religious converts . great . so according to this it would be okay to discriminate against religious converts ... after all it was their choice to convert and their choice to accept those beliefs . true , but surely this alone wouldn't be a good enough reason to get rid of political parties altogether , especially when they exist in virtually every country where citizens can vote . if the ... you don't think that sadism and lacking remorse might be indicators of a mental illness ? regardless , you keep changing the parameters of your proposal . first you make a distinction between a ... yeah that would be a fair argument if people couldn't choose their religious beliefs . being forced to favor a political or religious belief just because you're afraid of losing your job or paypal ... you say that as if going shopping with your son is suppose to be some sort of litmus test for moral character . do you know that trump didn't take his son shopping the night before in preparation for ... historically many groups throughout the world have received unfair or preferential treatment from schools , businesses , employers , governments or other such institutions , typically based on a wide ... yep same here . i tried so hard to make it to 15 posts and now i'm down to 5 again .. can't join chat , pm , report posts or publicly complain about my oppression in the appropriate venue . sorry for taking claims of castration seriously enough to question people's meaning ; god forbid i don't want to tag along with those who openly condemn and pass judgement on people who haven't ... where do guys live where pedophilia is illegal ? i know that in america pedophilia is certainly not a crime . pe 路 do 路 phil 路 i 路 a noun sexual feelings directed toward children . ever feel like ... well that escalated quickly . first we just wanted to castrate violent criminals but now we want to castrate people who haven't committed any crime at all . so the death penalty is too severe due to the chance that they might be wrongfully convicted but you still think castration is okay ? if the life of the victims can be equally destroyed then is ... i know this might be a shocker for some people but subjecting people to abuse is not an effective method to prevent that person from committing abuse . furthermore , what ever happened to all those ... even if guilt could be magically guaranteed and if rape could be magically redefined to omit gray areas then i still say no . it's been said several times now that the penal system should focus on ... first of all , i'd be curious as to what specific part of my post you'd consider to be truth bending - - because everything i said about voter id laws and trump's political opponents advocating for ... for the most part , yes , although to be fair a distinction might be made between making up a story and incorporating the use of non-falsifiable speculation . no , this is a false equivalency ; ... and we have a winner . trump critics are so distressed by twitter feeds that they can't even wait for obama's fiscal year to end before passing judgement on trump's performance . because ... how on ... yes and at the time i thought it was a brilliant strategy , which is yet another reason why i like trump . in case the context was missed , this most sensational tweet that you're quick to list as a ... if it isn't a legitimate example of trump defending racism then yes . every instance i've ever read which alleges that trump defended racism has always required redefining the term . for a recent ... nah . if we're to continue all this talk about genital mutilation then the closest to the female equivalent of castration would be female circumcision . if some women can't control themselves around ... well that escalated quickly . no longer can a person cite constitutional freedoms without being accused of defending the rapists . again , all evidence suggests that the policies that people like ... '