' masculine ? me ? not necessarily . i walk with purpose ( the transit march ) , and i prefer to wear jeans , a pair of trainers and a fitted tee . but i can be coerced into a dress if the occasion ... no . no he does not . 1 . he can't be bothered , especially where you're getting clingy . 2 . the effort . if he hasn't spoken to his family about you , that's an alarm klaxon ringing out right there . 3 ... we can get dangerously stubborn when contemplating , or thinking , and we hate distractions or other people butting in . so let him think things through . let him know that you're there if he wants to ... this makes me a banther . i'm silent but not a risk taker . i'll laugh when getting told off , then let my potty mouth go nuts . i don't think before i act . i avoid conflict but if it's thrust upon ... at home watching netflix , probably a documentary on our subject of choice for the month . basically , we won't be on any dating site . and if we do venture outside just look for the woman with a ... 1 . it's more of a concentration face that the rest of the world mistakes for a i'm going to straight up murder you and bury your body in eighteen different locations . although even when i'm not ... probably because you get the job done . just not to the company's specific guidelines . people who stick to the rules hate istp's because our logic sees a lot of rules as a waste of time and ... my username says it all ! anything where i can sneak about , and slit my enemies throats . the unseen silent shadow killer ! that's me . and if there's a full on melee , i sling a couple of fireballs ... give her a chance . it might be that she regrets the way she acted towards you and wants to apologise . go for a coffee and hear her out . if you miss her , then i'm assuming ( correct me if ... 501762 suggestions and help greatly appreciated and taken on board . thanks to all . you have no idea ! i have very little diplomacy skills , so your advice on tact will come in handy . thank you . fitting enough . i might end up printing this and posting it over the house . i'm posting it here hoping to get some help . so recently , my mum took the meyers-briggs and came up estp ( to my istp ) . she's always the life and soul of the party , gets along with everyone , ... i mainly get frustrated with my work colleagues who all have a penchant to suddenly disappear when there's actual work to be done . when that happens i get even more quiet than my usual quiet . the ... life is not what people tell you it should be . question everything . if it makes you laugh , laugh loud . diet is the word die with a t on the end . i am no exception either . i grew up in an undesirable area of london . attended a very bitchy all-girl's school where the people who i thought were my friends turned out to be very two faced . by the ... this is a bit of a grey area . what if the marriage is an forced , arranged marriage and neither of us are happy ? would it still count if i said no , i wouldn't cheat ? what if the long term ... i've just started the the skull throne by peter v brett , after finishing a song of dragons trilogy by daniel arenson . i'm a big fantasy reader , and the grittier the storyline the more i'm pulled ... i have an unhealthy obsession with puns and playing with words . and don't get me started on getting ready for such an event ! if the dress code says casual i'm chucking on my jeans , a t-shirt and a pair of comfy trainers . but if i have to dress up . ... nah , ... cat's obviously attempting to communicate with you . the message is clear . do not go to work . stay here and hunt stuff with me . i am exactly the same . same age bracket . no offspring to bear my name into the future . and only two relationships i can call relationships ( the last one was a personal record for me of 3 years ... this is me all the way . i'm normally the one in the corner getting drunk , and observing the people around me running a nature documentary style narration in my head . i'm hopeless at small talk ... yup . i said it . i know , i know . there's another one . : rolleyes : i've only just recently found out that i'm an istp , even though i come from a family of judges and only a couple of perceivers ... '