' i can relate to this . enfjs are great , but they can be a little too ... rigid ? i eventually start to feel like i'm walking on eggshells . like i can't be myself . but enfps seem to magically put me at ... hi ! i'm new here , and just discovered mbti about a year ago . i can say with certainty that i am an infp ... i know that mbti says our natural parters are either enfj or esfj , and i used to believe ... i've been friends with this particular enfj for around 8 years now . we used to be best friends , but lately , we've been drifting . having a real conversation with her feels like pulling teeth , and it's ... i've spent the longest time believing that i am isfp , but the more i think about it , i'm really not sure . i am certain that i am ixfp , but the s and n difference is confusing me . how do you tell ... i personally love infps ! they're so chill . that's what i love the most about them . absolutely no drama ! the great thing about sharing the fi-dom is that we both try to make the relationship as ... i can really relate to this , especially the magnetic thing . esfjs just seem to understand me like no other type , except for other isfps . i really wish it was easier to find an esfj guy ! i can find something good with almost anyone , but for the most part , i seem to be attracted mainly to other sf types . esfj , in particular . communication just flows so easily . but lately , i've had ... i have an esfj friend who cannot and will not stop asking me for my opinion . she just moved into a new house , and she's constantly asking me what color she should paint the walls , which furniture she ... i've never dated one . it's kinda hard to find an esfj male , and the ones that i do know are already taken . :d ry : i've been friends with a lot of them , and they're great . of course , the immature ... that's another thing i love about infps . no drama . obviously , there are going to be disagreements , but i've found that with the fi dom in common , we both want to keep things as peaceful and happy as ... i've been thinking a lot about this particular type . i'm finding that i get along pretty well with infp guys ... they're so laid back and easy to talk to . i really like them a lot . :) i always thought ... i agree completely . i really don't see a lot of introversion in her . she's so open and expressive with her emotions , and that's not a trait that a typical introvert would have , especially isfps . i ... ha , i also thought about esfp . i've been thinking about this a lot , and i've come to the conclusion that she is an esfj . loves to perform , has said before that she never gets tired of being around people , always has to talk to ... i have several close friendships with esfjs . they are my favorite of all the types . however , they are absolutely terrible at picking up on hints . there are days when i'm exhausted from work or life ... i don't know very many infjs , but one of them is a co worker of mine ... most of the time , i feel like i'm typically pretty good at concealing my true emotions . i was going through something terrible ... or psychic . or both . sometimes i feel like i can't friggin hide anything from you guys . it's like you're inside of my head . :d ry : it's funny you should mention that . i have also considered teaching english as a second language ! well , thanks . you mentioned a lot of things i never thought of before . i never thought of it , but our creativity and intuition really would help with the older ones . thanks for the encouragement . :D i'm a sophomore in college and i am seriously considering becoming an english teacher . i would really love teaching the middle school or high school levels , but everyone i've met seems to think that ... i personally love esfps . i don't think i could ever be in a relationship with one , but they are awesome as friends ! the types that have always attracted me the most have been the sf types . i just feel so completely understood and at ease when i'm with them . gosh , thanks for making me tear up . all of that sounds like my mom ... i honestly think anyone with an esfj mother or just parent in general is incredibly lucky . and you should totally start that ... my mom is also an esfj and that sounds exactly like something she would do . i agree , esfj moms are the best ... or just esfjs in general . :) i agree entirely . esfjs and isfps usually don't have an in between . the thing about esfjs though is that they make it all worth it ! at least that's how i've experienced it . see , i've tried . i don't usually like being blunt with people , but it seems like the only way to get through to her . and when i do , she just shrugs it off and makes up some excuse about being too ... i'm sure that i've met more than one istj in my life , but i can only confirm one , and she is one of my closest friends . however , there are times when i just want to shake her because she frustrates ... yes , there is a personal reason attached . but i will deny that i don't really struggle with a lot of the things i listed . i don't manipulate people ( at least , not intentionally ) , and when i do , i ... okay ... i admit , i was being a little harsh . : unsure : apologies if i hurt anyone's feelings . enfps are the one n type that i can actually talk to without wanting to ram my head into a wall . they're a lot of fun ! :) oh , i could go on for hours about this . my experience with the enfj clan has been less than pleasant . 1 . they always think that everyone loves them and they are genuinely shocked when someone ... i hate that it takes me so long to open up to people , and i hate that i'm the biggest procrastinator of all time . - _ - people always seem to think i'm in a bad mood . it's usually because i don't always have a fake smile plastered to my face . i'm not a natural smiler , i guess . it's very frustrating . this happens ... some of my favorite people are esfjs . i genuinely don't understand why they have such a bad reputation . i've never met one that i didn't like . mind you , i've only been around esfjs who were raised in ... i tend to be very touchy-feely with the people that i care about . i like giving them hugs and stuff like that . another big thing is just spending quality time with them . if i love someone , i usually ... someone who lets me be myself 110 % ... i don't know what else to say . someone who is just completely and totally okay with who i am and someone who i can talk to without judgment . honesty and ... i do have a very good enfj friend ! :) we hang out all the time , and yes , when i am with her , i do tend to smile a lot more and act a little more extraverted . yeah , that's happened to me , too . i've had one of my best friends admit that she thought i hated her at first . she didn't like me either , until she found out i was just shy . i think this is the ... apparently , it's a stereotype , and it makes no sense to me . i understand how different personality types have different strengths and weaknesses , but how can you blame a person's level of ... this has happened to me more times than i can count . it's hard for me to be myself with someone right away . i guess i'm kind of shy and awkward until you get to know me . a few months ago , i ... i kind of go into list-making mode . this happens when i've accidentally bitten off more than i can chew , which happens way too often . i procrastinate a lot . like you , i try to organize everything and ... i love esfps . i dated one in high school , and he was extremely outgoing and lots of fun to be around . he knew how to have a good time , that's for sure . :) i've seen this happen too ! one of my best friends is enfj , and there have been several times when she's been in a relationship , and after it's over , she admitted to knowing from the beginning that ... i agree completely . nfj types are great as friends and usually give awesome advice . they're loyal and typically pretty good at getting things done ... but as far as a romantic relationship ? i would run ... does trust really have to do with what type you are ? any one of the 16 types can have difficulties with trust . i'm an sf type and i can count on one hand the number of people i truly feel comfortable ... can we be best friends ? that was so perfect . fe doms are hard to trust because you never know what they're truly thinking or feeling . i actually find it funny that mbti says that enfjs and isfps are ... yes , exactly ! they do feel and they are empathetic , but instead of trying to work out the issue at hand , it's like they sidestep it and cover it up with optimism . one of them i suspect might be an isfj , but i can't be sure . and i don't mean that they aren't compassionate . i just mean that , from what i've seen , they tend to brush their problems under the rug ... this is just something i've noticed . my mom , my older brother , my best friend , and all of the other esfjs i know can't seem to handle negativity at all . sometimes i will really need to talk about ... yes , i've noticed this about fe dominants as well . they tend to conceal their own suffering because they believe someone else is suffering more than they are . and there's nothing wrong with that , but ... '