' still think he's a logical response to the disfunctional state of party politics in the usa . i like how he doesn't give a shit even about the reputation of politicians from his own party . i think he ... https://imgur.com/gallery/Wxzblhttps://imgur.com/gallery/Wxzblhttps://imgur.com/gallery/WxzblI never came across this gem before . can't stop laughing . https://i.imgur.com/QE3Geso.jpg ... currently playing deus ex : revision on realistic . all i can say is i'm happy for the magical power of quick save / load . heard arragghhggghh more than i can count by now . if you don't know where ... carl rogers identified that we tend to have an ideal self and an actual self ( our current self-image ) . if there's a discrepancy between what we are and what we think we should be , and it's not ... shopping groceries and cooking is very relaxing / fun to me , so i'm also the one taking care of the food most days . by accident mostly , spices and condiments . never can quite remember what i still have in the house - i might still buy soy sauce even if i already have like 3-4 bottles in the house cause i'm not ... depends , if it's a small-talk situation , anything to get them talking about something : so , what's your story ? how do you know x ? do you have any family ? what do you do for a living ? do ... people being there at my actual point of death is not that important , but i hope i won't be truly alone at any point in my life though . i like me-time and i can spend quite some time by myself quite ... my eyebrows are pretty expressive . https://img.buzzfeed.com/buzzfeed-static/static/2017-02/6/15/asset/buzzfeed-prod-fastlane-01/sub-buzz-4896-1486413976-1.png?resize=625:458 x_x stepping out of a roller-coaster half-way though . super contra - you have to get into like a zen-like trance to finish this game . not on hard though . then you have to be a deity . ikaruga - i love how this game looks , but ikaruga is pretty damn ... tradition can be a good way to save time and free up brainspace for more important things . also it can create some rhythm in otherwise pretty unpredictable life . it's nice if there's a few things we ... usually something i really don't want to do , is due in a short time and instead of doing it i have been wasting time . generally yes . but i think more about whether i like hanging out with people than the other way around . if you don't have patience for the slow intro , skip to ~ 1:00 . masterpiece . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cufX_dH_MeA i think i generally don't really care about my image to others . to the point where i really actively have to think about it so it doesn't become a problem . more influential on me is my ... i was that kid in class who's hand almost broke the sound barrier going up every time the teacher asked does anyone know ... that is pretty accurate . on work days , fitting quality blue or grey jeans + belt + slim-fit shirt or a polo . shirts are almost always white or blue . and a leather jacket . if i'm on holiday ... it's a bonus . though what i notice is that when i first meet someone i really take note of their physical appearance a lot , but after meeting them a few times it becomes less and less noticeable ... no . 1 . what wakes you up most mornings ( alarm , pets , kids , etc . ) ? biological clock ? most mornings i wake up 3 minutes before the alarm goes off , somehow . 2 . which historical figure not named adolf ... they're exhausting . on very rare occasions , when i'm having a lot of excess energy , i have enjoyed myself in festivals / clubs . and since my partner likes to get a chance to dance i sometimes just suck ... series : - westworld - game of thrones - breaking bad - the crown - suits ( although i didn't really like season 5 ) . - the first 13 episodes of prison break - the first season of heroes - ... i treat them mostly like just general politeness / trying to be pleasant . so i say thanks , i appreciate it and don't think much else of it . exceptions : - it is a compliment from someone who i ... i have thought about this as well . i think spite is often an unhealthy way of dealing with being hurt , feeling insecure , or having suffered some negative feeling because of another person . people ... i just quit my job ( because i'm moving to a different city and found a new job there ) . i never quit a job before , worked almost 10 years here . feels really weird . pretty much spot on . basically parading around superior morality in any form just make me stop wanting to interact with someone . it feels less like trying to help and more about establishing your own ... i'm picky too , and not my point . i just get annoyed by people with a holier than thou attitude . cheek kissing , as a form of saying hi or congratulating . especially air kisses are weird . makes you wonder why we even pretend in the first place if they're going to be fake anyway . no , i think authenticity is at a different level - it influences whether you respect someone as a person regardless of what they actually do . condoning is about actions . like , you can say i condone ... see , that is exactly what i'm baffled about . to me , being honest and unabashed about doing bad things doesn't make it right . it baffles me how the human mind works in this way . if you are a bad ... i've noticed lately how important authenticity is as a trait . i used to think that authenticity means mostly being honest . what i've noticed though is that being honest is not enough to come across ... i am a great explainer as long as i just talk to people who understand what i'm saying . i remember faces , names is the problem . there was a study that showed forgetfulness can be a sign of an efficient brain : https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2007/06/070608143123.htm https://media0dk-a.akamaihd.net/20/78/dd8e33a8525607e283f26e8f2f09612d.jpg https://media0dk-a.akamaihd.net/61/74/56b72f050ac8b8d267f778029e9e2791.jpg i am also almost worried at a daily basis that i might screw up my career ( or that i've already done it ) . choosing a career is hard but i'll say one thing - most big organizations ( including ... what is it that you are currently the most worried / scared about ? ( unless you have no worries at all ) . win wars instead of battles . one , you'll never be quite ready with your career . once you have a stable job , you'll want to work hard to make a promotion . once you manage to get to a high-paying stable job , it might not be in the ... that is great advice ! and i will definitely try it out . check your assumptions before acting . stress : physically , maybe breath in and out slowly a couple of times , once in a while . sometimes i go running or cycling , i find after a while of exercise you kind of naturally drift away from what ... good advice and nice breakdown , thanks . i have the same main insecurity . i like the point about awareness . i think it helps to realize the problem is mostly in your own head . often it's meetings with clients or sr . management . i don't usually have that strong of a relation with the meeting leader . and when the meeting leader gives me a chance to talk it's usually out of ... currently loving suits . mostly because harvey is a boss . somewhere close to end of season 3 . i often get the remark that i come across as calm , analytical , strong on content but people doubt whether i can actually get my ideas across in meetings because they worry i can't assert myself - ... do you have insecurities ? if yes , how do you keep them in check , how do you make sure they don't affect your relations ? well , i just made the hardest iq test i've made in my life , for an assessment . i've never had problems with them in the past but this one really has me nervous about how i did : sad : also : i don't ... '