' i can completely identify with not feeling the need to make people agree with my values . however i do feel the need to talk about them , because i appreciate external criticism as well as because ... why should we want to continue to advance as a society ? and if we ( whoever that is ) decide that we want to , what should we do with the people who don't ? any examples of such objective moral ... i don't feel connected to people when they are not in a physical proximity . frequent phone / text communication burdens me . in other words , yes - i'm cool with little or no contact . i will only ... i'd be willing to try your suggestion one more time , but you have to present arguments against my faith that is based on reformed theology . the argument you presented the first time was not against ... my game being me trying to have a rational conversation ? then why do you bother raising objections to me ? you can simply say i'm right , you're wrong , it's up to you to prove me wrong . your position amounts to that anyway . i'd only replace expectations with beliefs here and now we've come a full circle and we're back to making assertions about evidence and where it leads . i didn't see any of my objections ... you don't have any burden of proof indeed . however if you simply imply that you are being rational and accuse your opponents of being irrational , without any proof for either , then i have to wonder ... i can't find fault with your logic and the only way that you can truly answer the question what do i live for is by answering the more general question what's the purpose of life . this exact ... from a subjective point of view : i'm driven to self-improvement by my faith . because of my faith , i know that i'm not a good person and that i need to be . it's important to do it , because it's ... i don't have enough experience with mbti to be able to answer this question . as far as enneagram goes , i can't even begin to make sense of it . your answer to the question in what way , if at all , would this movement be less legitimate than the feminist movement ? is because it's immature and stupid . for this answer to be valid , ... you even provide your own counter argument . the reasons that words like hypothesis and theory exist , is because there are degrees of faith , but there really is no argument on which side of the ... whatever faith you have , you have not demonstrated it's reasonable , rational side . if i had to describe my default social approach i really wouldn't change a word in what you wrote . i guess one doesn't have to be an intj to be ( tongue-in-cheeck ) antisocial . they do , but my intention wasn't to bring attention to this fact . in this particular case , for this particular word i believe that the normal usage has damaged the word and robbed it of it's true ... i'm surprised that nobody has attempted to answer this question yet . it looks like it's difficult for people to be rational when gender questions are involved . i personally don't see how such ... i relate to that . i don't like when people thank me . you don't need to say thank you to me . what you need to do is help me when i ask for your help . all the thank yous in the world amount to ... i think your analysis of the situation is spot on and your fears are very well founded . i think in this situation the best approach is to make a trade - give him a project that he wants and in return ... you should ask yourself what do you want and weather that is good or bad for you . do you want to get back together with him ? is this going to be good for you ? i mean that without god and a true purpose , you are free to pursue happiness in any way you like and you are only limited by your own abilities . if you for example desire to become the emperor of the ... these are the statements of faith that i can identify in your argument : you support this with a philosophical argument , not scientific , i . e . it's simply something you believe . opinion ... your faulty logic is that you are making an argument from ignorance . you are arguing against my god , without knowing him . i point out that you don't know him and your objection is i'm not an ... you agree with me that most people choose what to believe based upon the way they want reality to be ? ! i'm surprised . do you do that too ? that's a great argument ! i now agree that jesus wasn't giving a definition of the truth in this context . however i'm still not sure that i agree with your definition - a correct statement about ... with god's help . then , they would learn both in parallel and will start to gradually distinguish between them as they acquire critical thinking skills and spiritual growth under the guidance of the ... yes , it does . and the question how do we know what we know is a philosophical question , not a scientific one . science cannot answer the question nor can it answer any moral questions . there are ... i feel that time has come to sum up our interaction . in your original post you raise two objections that can be generalised as follows : atheists don't believe in god , so they they aren't denying ... sarcasm is not a counter argument and i don't need your testimony in order to believe what the bible says about god deniers . your own words testify against you when you say you don't believe god ... i would advise them to join a good church , start studying the bible and praying . i would warn them that the road they are taking is going to be as a hard one ( matthew 7:14 and mark 10:17- 22 ) and i ... yes , we have . we might not reach an agreement , but i think i have a decent understanding of your position and i'm trying to get you to consider the hypocrisy of this position . you believe that you ... no , it really isn't . it's just your wilful ignorance that makes it seem that way to you . you certainly don't perform your own clinical trials nor do you replicate or critically evaluate any of the research that has gone into the treatment you're given . therefore your research simply ... you on the other hand are talking about a period long before there was a roman catholic church and a pope . the canon was not established by any church - not by the one that existed back then , and not ... no , jesus doesn't always explain his metaphors . in john 4 , he says to the samaritan woman jesus answered and said to her , whoever drinks of this water will thirst again , but whoever drinks of the ... if you lack faith in things you don't know , you must lack faith in science , unless you really know it . you must also lack faith in doctors , because you don't know all the science behind the therapy ... it looks like the only difference between you and religious people is the object of your faith . i think that for people who claim to not believe in god's existence atheists seem to talk an awful lot about god . including you . that aside , an all powerful and all knowing god sure knew that his ... you seem to be trying to find a contradiction in what i'm saying . the conversation you quote had different purpose and my choice of words there was intended to point out that the truth is a person ... i'm sure he had a reason to thing you are angry with him . given that you do have inferior fe , it's quite possible that you actually were angry with him without noticing it . i know that's how inferior ... well done ! :) i agree with your observations and your objection , however they are related to how do you approach truth rather than what truth is . these are good points . i amend my statement to ot and the teachings of jesus in the historical context of verse 17 and to the whole bible in today's context . you can argue that john 14:6 ... i think he's talking about the scriptures here ( the ot at the time ) . now in john 1 , jesus is identified as the word , so the word of god is another way of defining the truth , yet in the context of ... i can provide some personal thoughts about it . you seem to think that truth is a statement about reality and this cannot be harmonised with the bible's definition . the reason is that truth is a ... my guess is that your istp is detecting your negative feelings and refusing to engage in a potential emotional outburst until you've calmed down . i'm frequently doing the same thing - sometimes ( well ... you seem confused and trying to analyse a definition . there's nothing to be analysed about a definition - it is either to be accepted or rejected . other posters provided different definitions of ... jesus is the truth , jesus is one = > there is one truth . i don't know what you mean by the road through jesus . it follows directly from john 14:6 . jesus answered , i am the way and the truth and the life . no one comes to the father except through me . ( john 14:6 ) it means that it comes from god - the source of all truth . in that sense the ... '