' this is a final post . it is for the record . i don't need to do this , it's easier not to . but for anyone seriously interested in jungian psychology perhaps it will be useful . but writing this out ... coming to terms ? i love it ! c . s . lewis , j . r . r . tolkein , soren kierkegaard , albert camus , franz kafka , st . augustine , among others ! and , a rich and a beautiful lens by which to view reality as we ... i call bullsh * t . logic is essential to my value system . it's also telling that he says these people . sounds like a pejorative . my whole value system is nearly all internally logical and it's ... figured out i must be infp just by understanding the functions in a new way . i hope it also proves that infp are not necessarily stupid or irrational by any means . relevant thread : ... heck , i just figured out i'm fi dominant thanks to pondering this issue . and i hope that it proves that infp are not stupid just because we're fi dominant . we just cogitate on values endlessly . i get that emotions are not cognitive functions . what i'm saying is that emotions are like an epiphenomenon , except of value based reasoning due to a valuer being required to make a value based ... i would argue that te or ti judgements have an impact emotionally only when value is attached to them . for example , let's say i envison a new type of helecopter design by te or ti . i could feel ... yes , but wouldn't values based judgements have more emotional impact than non-value based judgements ? especially as concerns people-based values ? fi and fe are rational but about value judgements ... if emotions are not in the realm of cognitive functions then why are f types more emotional by stereotype ? actually , i regret posting this at all . deleted content , but question posed by replier is still relevant interesting . this would put me in the infp camp . but here's the problem : i can logically justify my system of universal morality . at least in a ti fashion ( once the foundational truths are accepted ... thanks , i'll reply in more detail when i have the time but that is helpful . i have some issues with jungian typology myself but i can give rational and objective reasons for them . i still see ... i'm pretty sure that 99.999 % of this site didn't read it either but i didn't read 99.999 % of this site either , lol . that's how forums like this work . and that's ok because many of the ... wow , this is really great and makes sense to me . i would think that one's inferior would wreak havoc , but as one got older perhaps they could really grow into it . so dwelling in emotions to intp is ... wow , this resonates so much . i think that i must be infp , especially upon reflection of what i wrote recently . the hardest thing for me is having beliefs that cut me off from most of humanity ... i feel this for random people at the grocery store i met 5 seconds ago after framing their probable reality in my head and it will be over and over again just in one visit depending on who i ... interesting ... the first reply makes me think i could be intp ( doesn't rule it out by any means ) . ( thank you for the detail , i will reflect on it further . ) the second reply makes me think it may ... just saw this yesterday . beautiful film . i want to project , but i think ( with why first ): 1 . introvert and pliant mbti type : his entire home is his wifes stuff , so is his entire life and ... you have hit the nail right on the head . interesting to hear the other side from a woman's perspective too . i stand behind this sentiment . amen . i had a lengthy and potentially entertaining reply including quoting from both of you but it was lost . so , i'll only state that i agree with many points . i just personally don't want to be viewed ... still trying to narrow down type . am nearly 100 % sure ne dominant or auxiliary . focus is now on fi or fe and suspecting possible intp because of a few factors , but i specifically have a question ... glad you liked it . :-) more comes to mind : 5 . a manly infp fuels the furnace of his passion with knowledge . nothing stokes the fires of passion in a more manly way than knowledge . learn the great ... this will probably get me in trouble , but since i'm trying to determine my type i'm going to do it anyway . i'm over 35 and very confused about my actual mbti type and in general for that matter ... i also suspect some difficulty in that i had an identical twin brother ( i swear i'm not making this up ) so i didn't need anyone other than him growing up ( free best friend , yay ) so i didn't have to ... very funny , yes , laughing at someone's excruciating existential anguish . ;-) regardless , at this point i am operating on the assumption that my type is entp and will see how it wears for a bit ... just thinking out loud ( the narcissism being at least plausibly justifiable by assisting someone else down the road or providing amusement in this carnival we call life ) , but i think se is related to ... took the functional test again with the following results ( trying to be as honest as possible vs what i * want * ): cognitive processlevel of development ( preference , skill and frequency of use ) ... definitely possible . i can't relate to * any * infp on youtube . i have a best friend infp but i am not really like him , but he is precious to me nonetheless . imho myjazz seems to classify ... good enfp profiles : https://youtu.be/1wQXkIjdAJk https://youtu.be/J7EHubtwH44 also look at the functional stack for enfp and there's videos on that youtube channel that break down the functions ... i agree with a lot of what you said electra 2 . there is so much that points to more . the problem of belief isn't one of knowledge but of the will . one's will carries out one's desires . ... possible interpretations : 1 . he feels so deeply that he has to back off to handle the next few weeks alone . 2 . he may also second guess your feelings and doesn't want to scare you away . 3 ... why is christmas so magic to me ? because god looked down and saw that there would be none to save his beloved , but himself . so he put on his own armor , fastened a sword about his waist and came down , ... infp and infj are radically different due to their cognitive functions so you can't fall between them . but that is a common confusion that i personally have dealt with . one thing that might help ... i dunno about a total reinvent nor leaving everyone behind , but i did something like that 10 years ago . first , got a job thousands of miles away . then i gave away or sold everything i could or ... amen . happily married to istj but that's just how it worked out . also agree that mbti is useful and can be used for good but with care . but clearly , people are waaay more than their mbti type ... just thought i'd post about my experience in an infp + istj relationship since i find it kind of interesting as a pair and since i have experience with it being married to one for about 5 years . ... thanks , i am going to figure out her type for sure ( hopefully ) next . just need a bit of a break . understanding is definitely good for us all . i need to learn more about s types especially . i dabbled ... i'm in awe after reading your post and reasoning , etc . seriously , i love you . : laughing : i'm etching a monument to istj and you at this very moment . :-) there remains no doubt . i have access to a ... yay , you're absolutely correct . realized it last night after writing out the last bit ( which was summarized heavily b / c i was on phone and not at pc as i am no . i haven't read your post yet , but i ... thanks , i am grateful for the fact that you care by asking for so much detail . sadly i've come to expect nothing , but that is in no way intended to be manipulative . it's a statement of fact if you ... here's something interesting that i remember now . back in college there was a female friend who started dating an older guy who was into this pyramid scheme style business . anyway , this has ... yes , thank you , i got results that suggested ne as strongest . suggested type is entp followed by intp . but many functions very close to each other ( ti and fe very close ) cognitive processlevel of ... * that's what it was . :-D but i think i see your point . it's about cognition and the theory being applied , not numbers or behavioral questions . * reply also * inline * , above . will try to keep content in other thread , heh , but will answer : i know what the interviewer wants and then i craft a persona to match . includes both attitude and how i respond to things and how i ... repress emotional side and my beliefs concerning matters of importance . my life is harder than it otherwise might be because my focus is on these matters rather than day to day things . too strong , ... now this is hilarious . i am leaning more and more towards intp due to inferior . so the funny part is i think my wife is esfj ( jury out on estj ) , which means i married my shadow type . also she ... last time ( few years ago ) i spent a long time trying to figure out enneatype . came up with 9w1 . that said , at one point i thought 4w5 or 5w4 but ultimately believed 9 . now i often seem very very 6 ... trying to determine type by process of elimination ( in part ) . 1 . first , is it possible to be disorganized unplanning and stereotypically p in behavior like j type ? if not , i must be p . 2 . is it ... at this point thinking that i am intp based on strong p behaviors and other continued searching and testing . sound plausible to anyone over the rest ? '