' 1 . gravity 2 . inertia 3 . entropy 4 . i like high heels 5 . electro-weak force 6 . random things happen 7 . purple looks good on me 8 . kids run me ragged 9 . i forget things 10 . seatbelts save ... we won't let you off the hook that easy . ask a stupid question and you have to endure all the stupid answers . lol i'm sure someone already pointed out that a person can be hot in so many different ways to so many different people that this is a meaningless question , particularly when it is coupled with a value ... i've never grown used to liking large groups , even less so the small talk . if someone dragged me to a party with a bunch of strangers , dumped me in the middle of them , took off , and started having a ... live my life to its fullest every day . many interests : graphic design , cabinet making , photography , and fashion . i've helped the world as much as i can already , now it's my turn . 1 . go to hallmark and find a card , maybe whimsical . 2 . sit down and write a letter ( use a word processor so you can say exactly what you mean ) . include a line that says something like : i know you ... i play civilization iii . it's a lucky person indeed who finds paid work that they love doing every day of the year . sometimes it just has to pay the bills . sometimes you run into a project that's riveting . it doesn't have to ... no ! no ! no ! no ! yes . well , i'm not sure . i have friends who are officers in la legion etrangere . they are professional and have enormous concern for their legionnaires . i understand your feeling of wanting to meet the challenge of what you ... i'm thinking the actual survey here is to see how many infps show up to discover what the cryptic op is about . well , you got me . haha i'm thinking intp , but check out the different descriptions at www.typelogic.com . this should help you zero in on him . the question to ask is , does he seem like the most brillant guy in the world and ... the thing that made my suicidal thoughts go away was when i stopped believing in an afterlife . one size does not fit all . if you just want to get laid , then jerk away . two people in a relationship should groove together , unless you are sp then let's go ! no tats , but i'm going to get my nipples pierced . i love to travel , been all over europe , egypt , balkans , saudi arabia , iraq , kuwait , korea . the best feeling is to be in a place when you don't have to worry about catching a plane / train / autocar ... you got the artists . frank lloyd wright architect ursula leguin author laurie anderson musician / actor meryl streep actor intj : like a moth to a flame , and i always get burned . isfj : fits hand in glove , had this experience more than once enfp : judging from these forums , i'd love to meet one in person , but i'm already ... now you've met two on this thread . i will have it tattooed on my forehead to alert other infps swimming in the sp / sj ocean . you have to kind of sneak up on them or they get skittish . : wink : i imagine i could be ok at sports , but i don't really have the fascination to commit the time and energy . fog surrounds a soul shutting out an entire world my flowers bloom full yes , i'm 51 and still trying to figure it out . too many choices , honeyb got that . kewl nick honeyb . yes to all . the medication helps . what a question . for me it depends on the other person and how i relate to him / her . there are people out there who would not trust me as far as they could throw me . there are also people out there ... i like suits because i look good in them . there are other pieces of clothing that i like because of the way they feel . like a moth to a flame . i've stopped practicing superstition in all of its forms whether religious , astrology , crystals , tin foil hats , or hale bopp comets . this is what has brought idealism and transcendence to my life ... didn't finish reading the thread after i came upon this , because i'm willing to bet this is what happens . it happened to me and our relationship never recovered . what he needs to feel is ... most people are fooled by the estj suit i put on for work every day . i don't look feminine so people see what they want to see . growing up i suffered all the bnllsh ! t gender roles they shoved down my ... i molt about every two years . right now i am in a big , big molt which comes about twice a lifetime . funny that you should use this metaphor , because someone else suggested the exact same thing to me ... no issue there . just pointing out that if god has a plan then god has to take responsibility for the deaths of a lot of people . killing someone intentfully is murder ( one can quibble about ... too bad , too . infps have so much to offer in a relationship . maybe dating is one of those cultural xstj constructs into which we do not fit , just like everything else . so what are your thoughts ... oh , sorry , i must have been praying to the wrong god . which one is it anyway yhwh , jesus , zeus , odin , maeve , ama-no-minaka-nushi , keoahikamakaua , belobog , zhongtan yuanshuai , the invisible pink ... previous posters indicated that you are not alone . that's really important to remember , because it is very easy to start feeling isolated as an infp . i've posted this quote before , but will pass ... a . well , jesus says more than once in the new testament : in mark 11:24 jesus promises that , whatever you ask for in prayer , believe that you have received it , and it will be yours . in john 14:14 ... whywontgodhealamputees.com patrick , if you are interested in an opposite point of view , you could check out the above web site . good luck . belief in supernatural beings , spirits , crystals , tin foil hats , and comets all strike me as the equivalent to dumbo's feather . they give to an exterior object ones own capabilities . when dumbo ... i retired from the army , so i feel the cookie cutter pain . patrick , truer words were never spoken when you said people fall in love with you for what you pretended to be . i am suffering through a ... solitude is not just desirable , it is essential . putting on the estj suit is as draining as guinevere said . i have to find my own little corner , even in a crowd , to rest my spirit . you know what , one ... sizzorz , that's exactly right . the god-people are the ones making the extraordinary claims , but they have not provided even one extraordinary piece of evidence ( i'd say not even ordinary ... sizzorz , if you haven't read carl sagan's the demon haunted world or schick and vaughn's how to think about weird things i would recommend them both . they both lay out method's for looking at the ... sizzorhandz , the most liberating day in my life was when i finally gave up the god delusion . now you needn't concern yourself with invisible , undetectable , incomprehensible , capricious entities ... same trouble , makes relationships difficult . however , there are some people that i just talk freely with , but hard to force it otherwise . on the other hand , what's wrong with sorting it out with ... i'm in the exact same situation . you could put some lipstick on him that matches his rouge , but he would still be a pig . sorry , couldn't help myself . i'm with calysco , but you might want to find him a girl friend . he'll be so ... i worked with a female infp for some time . she was gay so that won't help the op . however , she was a pleasure to work with thanks to her enthusiasm for doing a good job . like all infps she could be ... a sharp infp with some j coping skills could pass as intj , at least superficially . me too . not just about other people , but situations too . i remind myself that fantasies never , ever turn out that way in real life . real is always better than fake , so when real comes around it is a ... no such thing as too many enfp girls . welcome ! great zeus ! we're saved . thank the gods . welcome ! '