of the last 4 women i dated and actually bothered giving an mbti test to all 4 were entp . 3 out of 4 said , they got bored ended up cheating with intjs . i only know this because they got so into the ... valentine's day is over though and i survived ! ha ! jokes on you ! you're not gonna try to eat me are you ... ? i'm scaroused now ... here's how i flirt , pop culture reference that flies over her head . followed by genuine compliment that puts her way the fuck off . show genuine interest in the things she's talking about if i care ... nooo ! most of the entps i've dated have been drama hungry trainwrecks ! back back i say ! * waives torch * depends on what you mean by intelligent . i have an iq of 163 but i'm a goofball and don't care about mastering a subject . i like to learn a bit about everything , i'm often referred to as the guy who ... my experience with entps are mainly with females . i attract them the most and they are all psychotic , the males are equally as such . be prepared to be put on an emotional roller coaster and be ... in my experience intp / intj women don't give a shit what you think . if you think this is sexy then it works . generally intj women are more fashion conscious in my experience . but if you're looking for ... i got a dog , dog is logical . dog appreciates what i do and provide for him . does not judge me on my looks , clothing or ability to bullshit people i can't stand . 163 the last time i was tested . which was due to my teachers thinking i was learning disabled when i was just bored out of my mind . not that iq matters , technically i'm a genius but i hate everyone ... themselves and their emotions . i don't get shit from shit . sometimes it'll tell me one of you weirdos inboxed me or for some unknown reason wanted to be my virtual friend . i own my own home in the burbs . i used to have a place in chicago , it sucked . oh , lol . i meant i'll get along with a girl and they'll hook up with my man whore friends . my girlfriends would never cheat on me with my friends . dying alone without having found true love or having children cause fuck all that noise . so much generalizing here on intp males . communication is the key to any relationship be it intp / infp or a pair of dogs . if you've been in the relationship for years you should know how to approach ... why do you care so much what he says ? do you like him romantically ? if so get used to it , nt personality types aren't known for their empathy . if he responds with who cares there's a good chance ... totally understandable but the chances of him making a move are limited , you're young . you'll form other friendships , if its the right relationship might as well try . if he's any friend at all and he ... if you're interested and he's young just be direct . i know of more than one intp story where the girl just told the guy she liked him and it worked out . intp males are pretty easy to get on with . or ... 636250 my 2 babies , love them both in different ways . - be awful at flirting - be awkwardly dressed - show 0 interest in people trying to get your attention - have resting bitch face how long has yours lasted ? curious . i'm 32 and still putting around with my dog . i really would like to meet an introvert but it never seems to mesh . like we get on super well but then they hook up ... the metal , everyone tries to kill the metal . i would if she could replace my income . however finding a relationship to last long enough is another issue entirely . i seem to be a short term relationship partner for a lot of women . had to get my thoughts in order , guess tis the season . lost my job , girlfriend left me , i got a new job , gym membership and a dog . life is good so i'm back . also dark souls 3 came out ... so i was ... i have returned for another tenure here . a bit of a hiatus , despite my social nature and those who questioned my intpness . i got sidelined by depression after losing my job and regressed a bit . but ... intps seem to appreciate other intps forwardness in my experience . i'm sure she knows you like her if you kissed her . i would just go with something like . i don't want to overstep the boundaries of ... i love ability draft , none of my friends like to play it though . turns out i'm the worst player in our 5 stack but i have the highest versatility . when we do ability draft or all random i shine . they ... ah , yeah i have a ps4 as well , but 4k gaming pc , so i chose the graphics whore route . overwatch was quite good fun , but not 60 $ worth of fun along with in game purchases . blizzard lost their damn ... dlc is in development , its not out yet . if you play on steam you can add me if you want help , i wouldn't mind another play through . i thought dark souls 3 had a great story especially with the dlc , the downfall of man was his own darkest fears coming in the form of their queens . a little misogynistic but overall creative in ... dark souls 3 is out now . it's like a religious experience full of pain , praise , guilt and contradiction ... * sigh * i'm in love . i'm surprised at the amount of all too specific physical descriptions . i feel like once you make up an ideal in your mind you open yourself up to disappointment . you also limit yourself to ... you don't seem to be aware so i'm answering , but just so you know … good luck trying to troll intps . intps are perfectly able to answer trolls without getting trolled . not just from their ... i had to look that up , for a second i thought they were just random words . i can and cannot believe that's a video game . clearly you failed if you wasted time trolling intps in their own thread ... but enfps aren't known for their intelligence ... thanks luck . i actually just ended it quietly a little bit ago . no last words or final contact . deleted and blocked her facebook and did the same with her phone number . it'll take her a while to ... that seems to be the only option . i don't like to walk away from important people in my life . but i feel like this relationship is toxic , i'm even willing to admit in both directions . i thank you ... well what i found odd is that's what she said she would do when we first met if i developed feelings for her . she established her boundary and i said , okay , well let's avoid that by you not crossing ... i'm taking the leaving her alone route , cause i need to be left alone . this has all been very painful for me and she doesn't seem to understand that . throwing it up to me being the brunt of the ... a sense edit ; --> however , i would not ' ' rationalize ' ' this away as ' ' innately ' ' something to do deal with ; should a consistency of mistreatment ( via ) friendship ( s ) occur ( via ) your complete ... unfortunately ; she is a ' ' bad ' ' situation ( i . e . , hurting ) - she will recklessly indulge to mask this ; i can relate to her quite well . i will engage in repetitive + harm pleasure ( s ) & not know when to ... she is resorting to se , physical pleasures to distract from fi . that is quite normal for intjs . she is reacting to your efforts to control and curtail her behaviour , she is seeing you as ... thanks . yeah , i agree . i just requested specific boundaries and they were always crossed . just felt very emotionally damaging to be thrown out once my time ran out . it was unexpected ... i've spent ... so i recently as of today actually lost my best friend intj . i have other intj friends but all of them male so maybe a female perspective . overall opinions are welcome . i set boundaries in our ... i look better with my glasses so i've been told . i can't see as well with them though , so i save them for dates lol . nope , that's probably why my best relationship was with another intp . we both made sacrifices and were both super amazed by how balanced and even toned the relationship was . but intps be rare . lead singer of the distillers - her music is awesome , her energy is awesome , she just seems like fun . also she's an artist . i also have a thing for light eyes with raccoon eye make up . olivia ... what's weirder taking control of your emotions and hashing them out so they don't destroy you or being one of those emotionally unstable people blaming the other person for not reflecting your ... i was never angry , lol . that is what annoy ( s ) me . i was merely talking / expressing my point + supporting my point . perhaps , they are just too soft for me , then . i just advise individual ( s ) not to ...