' yeah dude . you can try headspace.com or just follow your breathing bra . another ux designer omg . hey wasup hello ? where'd you get the hci degree ? god it's refreshing to be chatting with an infj . i just came from bodybuilding.com . bunch of entjs , intjs , and jerks ( istp / estj ) . also the occasional istj and intp . i love my family but i feel like other types are wwwaaayyy more loyal than i am . is this true ? i like you being an infj ferris bueller or like ... charlie from that movie i'm in a coma and i only wake up when i go to sleep , if that makes sense . hey was up hello ! ? i posted this on the infj boards because i used to hang out there , but maybe you guys want to see this too . it's a vid of an entp ( me ) at a sword fight thing . on that just ... been a while , infjs :) here's a vid of an entp sword fighting . the short dude with no shirt is infj / isfj , btw . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_75BJRSNHlA reit isn't putting money in your checking account every month . your investment in a reit will vary with the real estate prices . this is purely income , low risk , earned from rent . so uh ... it's ... yeah , but we're trying to focus on unlimited earning potential from passive income , not creating value using capital . the whole capitalist class thing was a side discussion . really the diff between ... from what i understand , the income goes to appreciate the value of the asset . in this scenario , the income goes directly to people's bank accounts or maintenance . the idea is you make investing very ... yeah , it's a model and it's simple . but i like my models to be simpler than the things i'm describing . . 5 seconds of logic beats all other people's logic yeah dude duh . so we all pool our money and suddenly having a shit ton of money is no longer a requirement to invest in something like real estate . it's a question of if we , as not super rich people , have both ... 1 . you are oppressed by the very nature of capitalism if you're not in charge 2 . no i don't . the rent isn't going to be as variable as the property value , so there's reduced risk . 3 . easy to ... w00t ! yeah , 1 $ a month x 12 months = 12 $ every year . pays for itself in 10 or 11 years . it's like every dollar you spend now , you're giving yourself 2 or 3 over the course of your lifetime . and ... i think the problem , and i wasn't very clear on this in the video , is that creating wealth ( money every month costing 0 time & effort from investments ) is something accessible only to the rich . it ... more like a few hundred , because at that point , everyone will assume it's legit . maybe some sort of legally binding contract included with purchase ? i'm not saying you guys are stupid , but the difference between what value you produce and what you're paid goes to capitalists ( people who own the means of production , oppressing you ) . there's a ... 1000 people * ( 130 $ / person ) * ( 1 apartment complex / 130,000 $ ) = 1 apartment complex 1 apartment complex = 1000 $ / month in rent substitution : 1000 people * ( 130 $ / person ) * ( 1 ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=StyHcWBy5mI i love the human element to this thread . you're immediately getting deep into another person's feels . i like it . also i feel ... disdain . for myself ? i don't know why . maybe because i haven't ... why read about it in a book when you can react via webcam ? message me your skype and i'd be willing to entertain you with antics for a while . free of charge maybe . i mean tips are always ... to understand what i'm saying , you need to assume infj + entp is the perfect pair . just like men with a lot of testosterone pair up with women with a lot of estrogen . they compliment each other . it ... girl : i can't believe you just said that . i ... don't even have a response to that . me : alpha proud girl to friend : this kid just asked me why i read when there's tv and internet ! other girl : ... human computer interaction isn't that the point of the personality descriptions , to reinforce and encourage our best behavior ? and show us areas where we can improve ourselves ? eh i like em esfjs in authority are the best . flirt with them . they'll do a really good job making everyone else work hard . i'm a socio-empath this is tough . but you know the answer ... make it really , really difficult . but don't make it so difficult he has to nail other girls . part of him is always going to want to nail other girls ... chaotic neutral to chaotic evil guys are so stupid . like you wouldn't believe . do you and find someone who makes you feel special . i fucking loved an isfj she loved me idk what's up with this isfj / entp incompatibility . she was a sweet heart who i thoroughly enjoyed boning . would date / 10 yes , our superior intellects are far too intimidating . it's the curse of being this great . my most brutally honest comment : you guys fucking suck at tact https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aSvwsforehU you think just thinking poorly of someone is the equivalent of them experiencing hell ? probably not . plus who's so perfect that they can judge others anyway ? also hell in the christian sense ... what do you do for fun ? what sorts of things interest you ? what are you good at ? imagine you already have every person on earth's approval and admiration . what would you do then ? valentine's day ! i'll be bringing a whip and some rope to the 50 shades of gray showing ... why are there so many of them ? there's this guy at the gym who's awkward as fuck . i joke around with him and try to build his confidence . he's too shy to approach women , so i ask him if he knows ... there's a book your boyfriend could read called the inmates are running the asylum that talks about how stupid software engineers are with people . ( i'm a software engineer ) tell him it's written ... what if her solicitude is a reaction formation against cruelty ? ( no , i probably agree with you ) domesticated leopon ( leopard + lion = leopon ) http://www.bizarbin.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/Leopon1.jpg ( looks like i forgot an e in searches . oops ) http://i.imgur.com/2pY7tzb.png note : i didn't do the math and actually count out 21 days . it takes the 21 most recent days and trims the most recent ... it's a really simple script ! i can set up a githup repo for you , if that's easier . are you familiar with the command line or node.js , brother man ? it's really easy to get started . edit : txwolves i ... day 2 annual return 355.72 % account value ( usd ) $ 251,041 . 00 original account value ( usd ) $ 250,000 total gain : $ 1,106 . 00 ( 0.44 % ) http://www.investopedia.com/simulator/portfolio/?gameid=296243 '