' ( i am only playing along to your exaggerations , i am not saying this seriously lol , sorry if it doesn't sound like it , thats how i play along xd who would call someone a mystical being in an actual ... couldn't agree more xd you live in your dream cloud of imagination , while i stay here on earth . lol from your average human being . legitimate reasons are different . but speeding tickets ... not a legitimate reason . you could of hurt someone . including yourself . legitimate reasons are based on like you said , when a law is out of ... lol as you said , we don't make the rules , just follow them . if we follow them , you should follow . why ? because if you dont , your being disobedient ppl . only criminals are disobedient to laws , so ... https://youtu.be/WqbDRvl59jw from your average human being . first born out of 2 and only one with the t trait in my family x_x . from your average human being . birds of a feather flock together . from your average human being . 😂 lol ( nice one ) only you would go through the trouble of finding a song describing a stereotype . xdd from your average human being . lol take those feels and throw them away , no body likes them any way lol do u mean my grammar ? cause , i dont fix it , simply to annoy all those grammar natzi's . 0 :] from your average human ... you think your soo smaarrtt xd from your average human being . its not like an infj doesn't poop its mother natures course xd from your average human being . i've takes online tests for fun but they arent that accurate , in my opinion . i had gotten a 160 but i used a calculator as , if not i wouldn't of been able to figure out the math questions xd as my ... i have never hear of this but it sounds interesting . o : from your average human being . ohh o : i can agree with the point of not having motivation to do things . i have stuff to do ... but , if i do them i have no excuse to be left alone . like when i can be organizing my room , but if ... lol why thank you :P from your average human being . jamaix i guess as we grow and mature , boredom can affect us differently :) thanks for the comment :D from an istj . _ . yup https://youtu.be/cP4zgb9H3Cg from an istj . _ . more like you just want to . xd from an istj . _ . i think this is sassy enough ... http://www.towelsandhome.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/flamingo-baby-costume.jpg well ima say my true story , its long brace yourself . my mother divorced my father when i was still in her stomach . i dont remember crap . but i do remember her always , till this day , telling me how ... my bed is my happy place . i could be having the worst day of my life ... go to my bed , and forget everything ... zzzz from an istj . _ . as an istj , what makes you bored ? and how do you react when bored out of your mind ? for me as an istj , i get really bored when i have literally nothing to do because i finished way to early . i ... i have a more um , community giving , free lance type of job ... i dont get paid its volunteer work . :) but i have to show empathy and show love and talk to strangers every other day . i have to keep ... as if though an intp doesn't skip over things , like that chore you said you were going to do 3 hours ago . from an istj . _ . thanks for commenting very much appreciated :D from an istj . _ . thank you for your time & comment : 3 from an istj . _ . decisions decisions u-u ~ shakes head ~ hope it turns out well :) from an istj . _ . i haven't had a day where i can just be alone and recharge ( not more than an hour ) for a whole week . i officially am drained and can't even think straight to an extent that i'm drunk off of ... lol @ last answer xd but yea i meant if you dont hear your faults from someone ( to improve ) do you forget your own and get arrogant or too puffed up with pride ? :P you got it : 3 thank you for your ... your welcome i hope the test and the discrption helped and fit you . sence your a turbulent you may not fit absolutely because most is when your asertive ( you can look on there website to find out ... well im not sure about him but i think hes too stressed out . probably letting it out on you and everyone around him . when im overly stressed i can be verry irritable and grumpy . maybe his ... you sort of sound like me lol . i am kind to those i care about . i do give hugs to those i know need them ( like my mother n brother ) i dont say kind things all the time and i like to be alone a lot ... thank you for your comment :D from an istj . _ . for me , my belief in traditions is more like , jesus memorial , sex after marriage , date only for marriage , gatherings , anniversaries and graduation parties . any one who mocks my traditions in my ... i have noticed that sensitivity is viewed as sometimes negative . but at the same time , i think it's a good thing . how cruel would the world be without those who are sensitive , and reminding others ... thank you for your answer : 3 i love hearing everyones different opinions . and responding as if a convo xd also thanks for letting me know your thoughts . so thank you ^ - ^ from an istj . _ . thank you for your answer and time :) and yes i know that :P i cant stapple an infp or any type at that , to a person . we are more than just our type . like i am not like my istj friend but we do ... lol yea i can clearly see that xd but i understand . im sorry if it bothered you quq in any way or form . i was simply curious and wanted to know about your personality with questions ( that i wanted ... thank you for your comment and time :) also i didn't mean to sound antagonistic to you or this type of personality :) if anything i admire alot of em . i dont hate him if anything i like him and ... interesting thanks for your view point :) and its true without pride we wouldn't be confidant but i mean to a degree of being arogant xp from an istj . _ . yup i did :) thank you from an istj . _ . esfj if you wana n have time to run on n on that be fine . im sure i'll learn somethings :) which is y i did this question thing lol :D from an istj . _ . i love mmorpgs . like terra , aion , blade and soul , and i enjoy games like minecraft , sims 3 + 4 , gta 5 , lbp , and smash bros . theres so many lol i could play them the entire day . * - * from an istj . _ . lol > ~ < thanks for answering xd from an istj . _ . i see o : thats interesting but confusing to me lol but i think i get it ... xd also do u even get along with infj's ? xd ( i tend to put family before all els and when i see someone affecting or ... oooh o : okay xd yea my infj bro takes everything he says as if hes super sensitive . i believe you guys tend to hide it but ur not so sensitive you start to cry but it sometimes can hurt . aslo i ... hello ... :) and ... i like video games too xd so does my enfp friend . hope you learn more about your type and about others around you n_n from an istj . _ . i have some questions for infp's ... i know one . i cant judge all based on just 1 . but you can still answer some just for fun xd why do you contradict yourself when you say something to a ... '