' don't give up :) hello world ! haha ! i don't know what to say here , but hello and nice to meet all you throngs of people ! i'm a little intimidated by posting things that so many people can read , but i can't stand ... i love wikipedia : a version of the cosmological argument could be stated as follows : every finite and contingent being has a cause . a causal loop cannot exist . a causal chain cannot be ... a theory is neither blind faith nor scientifically proven , but worth thinking about if it holds any possibility of truth . interesting about pascal's wager . first i have heard of that . i used to be afraid to label myself as a j because i was afraid that j types were controlling and i am definitely not ! my control is mainly turned inward in perfectionism . i remember as a 1st grader ... oh yes . i recently went for like a week of missing breakfast and lunch before i realized what i was doing . lol . i'm always so inside my head that i forget to do simple things . i filter out what ... putting off you know what . i've got a break coming up in a couple weeks . what will i do with the time ? ha ! that's why i'm always late : because i try to time it so close because i hate wasting time too . but life never works that way and something always pops up at the last min . oh thank you so much ! you just described me :) i guess the point is not how punctual or organized one is , but how much they are bothered by not doing such . i have had many frantic moments and ... trying ... to ... focus ... on ... homework ... :d ry : wish i had a study partner to break up the monotony . taking a short break from the chaos . sunday shouldn't be like this ... ok , i'll be back later : wink : finally settling down to do ethics homework . it's quite interesting . it's an overcast day and unusually warm . i would rather be outside right now going for a walk : rolleyes : quotes from einstein : i'm not an atheist and i don't think i can call myself a pantheist . we are in the position of a little child entering a huge library filled with books in many languages ... everything physical points toward an origin , or something that exists on an entirely different level . how else do you explain something like emergence or multiple dimensions in physics ? and ... hard to peel myself away from this forum but i'm going to try to do my homework : sad : i love you guys ! ! ! sorry if i read you wrong . it seemed real negative , but sound's like i misunderstood . physics is just awesome ! when problems get me down i look at the stars think about how amazing and beautiful the universe is . in my opinion : the bible is not a scientific book . and it is flawed because it was written by man who is flawed . it is man's imperfect way of describing a perfect god . if there is some kind of ... are you serious ? to agree to disagree means to respect the fact that people have their own opinions . i'm not going to hell because i respect that each person is autonomous . i think god would agree ... let us all just join hands and agree to disagree ... that would be unexpected : tongue : i'm too much of an introvert for that : blushed : what a beautiful picture ! do you live near the desert ? trying to wind down from hours of homework so i can sleep ... thanks for keeping me company :) visiting once and a while breaks up the solitude . good morning all ! thanks for being gentle : wink : . this thread is a little scary , so much tension here ... you have done some impressive studying on the subject . i have some personal beliefs but i keep them that way unless i am asked about it and they are always evolving . i am just a very curious person ... good night my friends . you are keeping me away from my homework : tongue : yep . that's how i see it . my point is that rational people ponder things beyond explanation and this is a healthy exercise . true , you can't label something as rational without proof , but you can give a reasonable argument for ... sorry i'm new to this . what is annoying you and how can i fix it ? i think it's much more intersting to talk about it :) [ quote = veritechno ; 3166913 ] true , but scientifically speaking , all discovery begins with a theory and that is what keeps us advancing . whether the theories are right or wrong , they gradually move ... i see religion as a very personal issue . it is also a very powerful influence and can be misused ! it is undeniable that many people are curious about their existence , and what metaphysical properties ... wow this is intense . intuition is not rational but still it is filled with knowledge that is sometimes beyond explanation . just because something cannot be explained does not mean that it doesn't ... i try to make decisions this way , by rating the different elements and i always get messed up because i know it's impossible to accurately score something so ambiguous . i'm having trouble determining if i'm a j or a p . i can't live without closure , but i'm also not an organized person and it takes me forever to make a decision , but i can't move on until i do . i do ... bummer ! : crying : feeling poetic before i start my homework : driving rain , bitter cold , blowing leaves of color . this is when i find my center every year , when i feel at home with myself . education in the fall , ... lol . yeah that's already a daily activity . in fact , just lifting groceries , children and laundry has toned up my biceps . tonight i helped my daughter pull out a loose tooth . ewww . now ... thanks everyone for the advice ! : happy : i'm really starting to enjoy the math homework ( which is a delightful surprise ) so who knows where that will take me . i guess i will stay in it for now and ... i love theoretical disciplines . philosophy interests me but it seems too ambiguous . i have thought about social science , or psychology . i just switched my major from psychology because it dealt with ... wouldn't mind it so much if i had a tutor :/ junior high is a great age to work with . i have done some associate work with that age group and just loved it . i do enjoy studying online . it's perfect for a single mom . i am struggling a bit with the math but i eventually figure it out myself . what do you teach ? there are so many ways i would love to get out and exercise , but i never have time away from my sweet darling children :) so for now i will work out at home . warming up a cup of water to make instant coffee . thought i put it in for 3 min . started reading these , then realized 9 min later , wow the microwave has been on for a long time ! i actually set it ... my main concern has been the fact that i have two children to support and no i am not in a relationship so i'm just working at this alone . when i started out in college i was mainly driven by my ... i have thought about technical writing . i just love to learn new things and i think technical writers could dabble in a lot of different fields as they put together their material . i'm torn between ... so do you regret the computer science ? i would love to major in english but worry about getting work . perhaps i should just do what i love . a friend is giving me a tread mill which is awesome ! cancelled my gym membership because i never made it there anyway . when my children are both at school i find myself doing homework :( i heard the ... thanks for the information ! i can see how it could easily be combined with engineering . i'm just taking my first math class since high school and that was like 19 years ago ! it's been rough but ... i feel your pain . i love art and on my mother's side they are all into art . i would have a lot of emotional support from my family if i decided to purse it , but it just scares me , being a single ... '