' skateboarding , music ( whatever instrument ) , taekwondo , kayaking , hiking you're a hoax . if it's the nt type that i wanna be , then entj , for sure . the executive , leader types . my own ambitions are better suited for entjs anyways . but if it's the nt type that i like hanging out or ... i'd rather give up my n . i actually kinda wanna be istp instead of being an intp . being an intp is pretty frustrating at times . intp without a degree here . i dropped outta college ( transferred between two schools and two majors while i was studying ) when i was 20 , i think . or 21 . i don't remember . but anyways , i'm 22 now and ... i mean , i'm vengeful at heart , truthfully . hateful , as well . whenever somebody does me wrong , i think about all the terrible things i wanna do to them . my only problem though is that these ... absolutely terrible . 0/10 , would not recommend . been listening to a lot of 50 cent and dr . dre recently . i've been trying to broaden my musical horizons ; i used to hate hip hop , but now i genuinely like it . doing british accents and bane impersonations . it's quite fun . which helps me get rid of my awful accent whenever i speak english anyways , since english isn't my first language . anywhere in the back where i'm virtually invisible to the teacher . all the fucking time . my headphones are my best friends . it's my favorite kind of humor , actually . along with dark humor . or are they the same thing ? she is definitely a feeler . she's an isfj . what's your mom's type though ? my mom is very pushy . i rarely go out these days ( as in , out of my room ) and she says i need to go out and talk to them more often and also get some sun because i look horrid from the lack of ... - stupidity - narrow-mindedness - being misunderstood - my laziness and lack of motivation - being forced to go out and socialize - cocky people - condescension - lack of privacy - people who ... i wish i was a sociopath . well , i've had enfp , isfj , intp , and entj before . it's usually esfps though , most of the time . well , that was a fun read . just tone the intp down a little bit and i'm kinda like him . 337569 give me the damn elixir of life . batman is badass . ^ yes . hire sjs , balance it out a little bit . ... destined to become one . oh . because we're secretly nerdy hipsters deep down . well yes , holden caulfield is an infp . but i'm not . i apologize for laughing at this thread . i don't have time for puzzles . nor any kind of interest in them . i just find them boring . no supervillains ? dammit . well , i'm gonna go for magneto's electromagnetism anyways . he's always switching between the good side and the bad so i don't think he's necessarily a supervillain ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kMGTNQ6vZA0 i got infp . hm ... i think i'd much prefer entj , entp , or estp though . i chose success . even though i'm probably one of the most unmotivated people you'll ever meet . i'm selfish and a bit of a hedonist , in a way . i just wanna enjoy life . one word : shotgun i'm basically a ticking time bomb . + because i'm not used to it . openly talking about feelings and all that mushy stuff isn't how i was raised . like , me and my siblings don't even say i love you to our parents and vice versa . those ... miss peregrine's home for peculiar children a lot of the characters annoy me , including the main protagonist , and i hate the whole relationship / love story infused in it ( i think i'd have liked the ... * groans * i am obsessed with dogs . i have one myself and i love him dearly . i'd also love to get maybe one or two more - my mom just won't allow me because she says one dog is already hard for our maid to take ... well i've been called a snob before , just because i don't talk much and am withdrawn . i've also come across as scary to some people , but i don't think i am . i just don't know what to do around ... we should all band together to form a group like the suicide squad or something . simply put , yes . the ones who are in complete control of their advantageous traits end up being successful - ceos , lawyers , surgeons ... why not just try it and find out for yourself ? if it doesn't work out , well then , too bad . but you'll learn from the relationship and move on . it's a win-win . i'm positive you're only confusing sociopathy as being asocial , avoidant , or socially inept / awkward . they're all entirely different things . i doubt you're a sociopath . my mind - everything about it . my thoughts , what's going on inside my head , the reasons why i do or not do things , how it works , etc . please stop . you guys are making me hungry . i'm currently craving for this though : 319634 nom . if it was a simple yes or no question , i'd have said yes . but for this poll , i voted only 9 , not a 10 , since there are always exceptions . just get over it . he's moving on , so you should too - that alone should motivate you to do so . why waste time thinking about somebody who isn't in your life anymore , somebody who hurt you ? ... lazy , open-minded , distant , awkward , weird intp existentialism the existentialist is a rare individual , an individual that values freedom and takes responsibility for the consequences that result from the practice of their freedom . an ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5HtUnubXAO4 wide open road to my future now ... it's lookin ' fuckin ' narrow . + music , above all . i listen to it pretty much on my every waking moment . i listen to music a lot , i sing along , and i also play guitar . + a little bit of the adrenaline rush every now and then - ... '