' i agree with them all except 8 & 10 , i cant stand the too fast too furious movies and i dont care much for animals ? not sayin i dont like animals but im no ace venturer . non-theoretical ideas i . e ... its ok , u dont get it . thats fine :) haha of course they do , this is what being ' creative & imaginative ' is all about . thats how i love , a very forceful aggresive act . you'll actually be surprised how well it works ! ! the things i can do with my fingers and tongue would give you an orgasm before im even inside you . . ever been raped ? imagine that , except you'll love it ;) well , i tend to have a knack at accidentally destroying girls who say that so im sorry if that happens :/ funny you mention that , it was actually about an hour ago we broke up : l ( long term not working , i moved from stoke to coventry . im not expecting you to know where these are but basically i moved ... hmm , im not sure . ive always come off as being quite cocky and in the bedroom im very sure of myself :P ( definably an istp thing ) i suppose no ones sure at first though , but i get told im amazing ... i started it coz i wanted to confirm my findings , to see if it was just a myth or whether there was sumthing to it . i also wanted the opinion of other to form a discussion about it ( which has ... the next jena jameson ^ right there . tbf i imagine istp on istp to be quite raw , clearly he was the wrong guy . come england and ill show you how a real istp . . . ;D like all good istp's . did he bang his head recently ? ? thats the istp-enfp connection right there . in theory , you cant resist each other ;) thats where the istp comes in with his / her excellent learning capacity ( ti ) . an istp's mind functions on gathering a vast store of facts and information and deploying their extensive knowledge when ... i swear thats what we've been saying this whole thread :/ u basically made it more complex , im more into the idea of making things simple and keeping things simple , thats what i do , im a system ... in theory its only biased to whoever posts and therefore will be as biased an any survey . and it was to keep a record of this ' evidence ' but the rest you've lost me , im pissed and its 3:30 am - _ - ahh , suppose youd have to of been following it from the start . but basically the purpose of this thread was to find out how many women feel that istp's are good in bed etc , and of course positive ... its ok , we're all drunk here ( btw + 7 / - 2 ) ( for the ' - 2 ' one was istp + istp sex ( obvious missmatch there ) and the other lacked confidence ( no one without confidence has ever had great sex ) and is ... well no-one who lacks confidence ends up being a good lover , but i can almost garuntee that if you find a confident istp , he will rock your world but don't take my word for it . . . look what every ... it is quite wierd how well we pair up with enfp's though ( considering how they do not have the dominant extrovert thinking preference which matches our dominant introvert thinking preference ) yess . you are the best guy ive ever met hahahahaha yh , thats the ' deep realm ' right there , i cant talk about that shit though . . . ;) replace a finger with your penis and your not too far off really ;) * play the one note solo * suppose thats pretty intx ish though ? ? depends on the situation of the level of analysis i . e . stress , on the spot decision . the typical istp mind set is usually straight forward logic ( mines ... gotta find the right key ant u really ;D well , id say more like playing a musical instrument ;) tbf , that threads where its at nowadays , dont even lie ! ;) well yh , as your fucking her you can kind of get a scale of how well your doing and hence what your doing right or wrong , ideally you want her screaming loud and alot and you learn to achieve this as ... at least your not boring ! and a true istp you are then ! haha :P and im in coventry , england studying civil engineering ( i know right , do i live up to the stereotype of an istp engineer or what ? ! ) lol ... if you could do jena jameson standards yh , of course ! haha ;D and you're at uni as well ? ? what you studying ? where you from ? ? what can i say ? other than i like it when people say nice things about me :P also , i made an amazing thread if you're a male istp and managed get sum girls talk dirty :P ... yh , u may aswell be fucking your brother . however the most famous female istp is jena jameson , do you relate to her on any scale ? ? yh , send me this thread ! noo you didnt , just a rumour that ;) also ( + 6 ) with no negative comments from a female yet :) and you my friend are a fucking legend ! haha making out / french kissing / etc : of course i love it , we dont exactly have intimacy issues ( well not severely :P ) and tbh i actually like giving it but just because i know where it gets me in ... like any good ti i do my research before i make any bold statement ;) and why thank you , delightful to be part of the community ( also jus got in from a night out , im a university student and pissed ... yh but being female , its only natural . male istp's tend to be alot more emotionally reserved no , i do this sometimes as well . like your mind goes off on an odd tangent . its ideal for sex though coz it keeps you mind off and you keep a constant rhythm ( ideal for giving girls an orgasm ) ;) you sure you're an istp ? ? yup , we call that the istp experience also , i believe that ones worth 2 points considering its impressiveness however its the same poster from the second point so id stick this on ( + 3 ) ... well taking what dustydrill took into account the dominant ti function can give us the motivation to learn about what makes good sex and allow us to be perfectionists at it . and again the se ... actually , i just realised how arrogent that sounds , however , ive research and evidence supporting it see this thread ... we put so much thought into our responses because we are exactly what we say we are on the tin ( analytical thinkers , cool headed problem solvers ) clearly analysing exactly what it is we want to put , ... from another thread : originally posted by tomroberts well , istp's are the mechanics and are hands on ( kinaesthetic learners ) and are bound to be hands on . also , i dont want to go too personal ... true that . istp's are perfectionists which is pretty killer in the sack . i have found myself looking into what is good sex and then putting it to practise until it is near perfection . you then learn ... scratch that , it is on topic ! strong male and good lover are linked in somewhere ! however discussing it over another guy is starting to get weird . . . ^ these were the results i was looking for , in support of my arguement . . . we have a result ( + 1 ) ^ in response to this i was goin for the ' strong male ' ram it in her ! compliment . do not take ... what a perfect answer . clearly a powerful istp a valid statement , it could be that sex has nothing to do with personalities however that is one of the purposes of this post . furthermore , the se isn't a slave as such as a support to the ... '