' i believe one main reason that humans assign gender to objects is because gender is honestly the only major thing that differentiates our race . hell , even color , our easiest to define characteristic ... hmmm , i actually enjoy technical conversations . i'm intrigued by how everything comes together . it's almost a bloody miracle that cars and computers work at all if you know the exact workings of ... i agree with long windedness and talking at me . i strongly dislike story tellers in general unless it's something actually noteworthy and not inane details on their lives . it's frustrating , and ... i know as entps we are much more prone to want to experience new things in the outside world and within ourselves , but how much more so ? when i took the neo pi-r , i actually scored a straight 1 ... that's basically part of the definition of entp right there :P fuck yeah , i don't give a shit what people think about their silly arbitrary little rules about good and bad in the context of ... so , i'm just wondering : how much do you like obscenities ? i use them all the time , partially because they are fun , because the elicit a reaction but most of all it just seems to work with what i'm ... i hate the act of drinking itself , but i enjoy the feeling in a group setting . i really hate crowds and large groups ( more than like 3 other people ) , so intoxication helps me to not give a shit ... i'm argumentative , unpredictable , fun as shit and a little bit of an asshole but still manage to evade confrontation when i'm not feeling the whole aggro vibe . general stuff doesn't bother me and i'll usually throw something witty back or ignore it . that said , when someone says something that violates the respect of individual liberties and basic human ... so , i know mercutio is as entp as a fictional character from the late 16th century comes and i'm curious on how y'all feel about him . i , myself , loved the character and actually played him twice ... i have the exact same feeling , i want to avoid negativity at the cost of giving up my assertiveness . working in car sales has helped quite a bit , cause if i don't impose and be brash , then i don't ... don't have to be all serious about it , i was joking around . that's why i used a silly emotion . i was wondering if we have any similarities in our writing styles . i know we have the tendency to use emoticons often . my style of writing stays very gender neutral , that's why i have issues ... you have no common sense . you're crazy and should get meds . you're more feminine than i am ! ( in relationships ) god you're annoying . why do you stand so close to me while talking ? it's not that we don't mean what we say , it's that we say a lot of things we mean and don't really sit on one particular item for long . or at least that's how i am ; i really need to stop talking for ... well , at least i still don't have to worry about it haha . i am one of the oddball nfs that don't believe things i can't have proof of . i swear , sometimes i feel like an nt , but then i remember how ... you know what may be a good job for enfps ? wrecking ball operator . it doesn't take as much planning as the dynamite guy , not as much math as chemistry , and we get to go boom ! and help with the ... i used to be agnostic as well for similar reasons . our imaginations and our ne are so badass as to visualize such an abstract concept in a different way than our sj guardian friends conception him as ... holy pineapple batman ! i wasn't sure why my infp love interests started avoiding me when i tried moving out of friend zone . wasn't aware it was creepy to ask y'all out . i just assumed they ignored ... sounds like you got into chemistry to watch stuff go boom ! cmon you can admit it , we're all family here : laughing : this is enthusiasm ! this is screaming ! ! ! see the difference ? : tongue : it's more fun to put those points out there . : tongue : besides , there are individuals that actually believe that , namely universalists , that that will apply to on here anyways . : laughing : i just find that the statement everyone is wrong because everyone is wrong is a little more accurate . : laughing : that's a very dangerous thought . is it right to have slaves ? religions of abraham promote it . do rocks have spirits ? animist believe so . does homosexual intercourse cause earthquakes ? egyptians ... i personally am atheist and don't believe anything supernatural , but i did when i was younger . given our traits , i'd figure the normal feel on the matter would be the adage of i'm spiritual but ... i like my infp friends , my problem is that i'm attracted to them and they end up dating in some crazy patterns that don't really make sense to me , or them . i'll ask em out , they like me , yet they go ... i realized that i couldn't be that math oriented all the time when i tried to go to school for video game programming . i also realized that , although i failed at it as a programmer and i quit , i knew ... enfps probably love new friends more than old ones half the time . : crazy : that's what i was thinking . that and the fact that the preaching was against his values , so it made it even easier to have a reason to be silly , not like he needed a reason : tongue : i wanted to comment that i do make life more exciting by imagination . i pretend i'm in a rpg and i have quests and stats and whatnot . isn't the definition of an enfp - n . fun ! ! person : tongue : i have a feeling that this guy ... youtube.com/watch?v=qwyz0ji1gru ... just may well be an enfp , haha . what's y'all's take ? that sounds like a humorous sight to see lol . i am rational in my core beliefs , irrational in my actions . i am a atheist due to my rationality and careful study on religion , yet i'm still the crazy guy thinking its a great idea to run around ... i hate watching or playing all sports except motorsports , robotics , and poker lol . i know that i always interject random words into conversation like walrus or call people foods like pineapple or marshmellow . i just say the words i find fun to say as pronouns or interjections . i'm ... if people get turned off by my overzealousness , then i guess it's their loss to miss out on someone who'll give them their whole heart . i am all over the people i date . on a platonic level , i'll ... going new places are the best adventures , especially places filled with so much knowledge . more knowledge = more insane conversations , which i strive on . : crazy : i've hugged a klingon before . i can get some of the fiercest warriors in the universe to give me a hug . i guess i'm like a jedi master of happy go lucky . i love being the center of attention . it's why i like 1 on 1 conversation , small groups and performing . it's easy to control the crowd in those cases and be all like hey , look at me only / mostly ... i love how we take normally quiet and solitary activities / locales and make em adventures : crazy : i honestly don't even consider sex and being in a relationship as separate . if i like you enough to show my talents to ya , then i love you . seriously , i fall head over heels immediately after a ... i've been thinking the same , totally appropriate , maybe : crazy : i think that if you choose to enter an area of enfps , i think you should be more afraid of being smothered to death by friendliness than not being welcomed . we're the exact opposite of rejecting new ... i love the feel of a squishy person i'm my arms . i also love lifting not so squishy ones in the air hugging . all sizes of people have their hugging benefits and it's wicked fun ! i don't hug nearly as ... i love how we're the oddball extracts that display inverted tendencies , but if we didn't spend some alone time , how would we come up with our awesome value system and reflect it . at times i ... i'm an enfp and i wish my estj mum could see that everyone has their own way of living and thinking and needless disapproval of everyone is unproductive of everyone getting along . '