' i think i just tend to adapt to the other person's style of flirting . i rarely initiate it but i probably make eye contact with people i am interested in more . i have recently found such an intj . i feel so lucky . : kitteh : thank you for all the advice ! i will try explaining that . i think what triggers me is her repeated lack of faith in me . i have been handling my own affairs for years now . i am almost 25 years old . i ... i gave her the please understand me ii test and she scored estp . krentz , thanks for sharing . you've captured my thoughts on the subject as well . i have a couple of possible insights on this : - that the anger that gets expressed when i talk of feelings is due ... allig , i am going to give talking to her about it one more shot but i'd rather do it in person . i am going to visit soon so i'll do it then . best of luck with your own confrontation ! i know how ... i've tried doing this on different occasions and i am usually met with bewilderment and i don't know what you are talking about . so i obviously failed . that made me smile . thanks . i see your point and i agree with you that another person will not care about your feelings as much as you do . but there are varieties of people . if we think of it as a ... lol . i find it amazing that you posted this exactly as i was writing basically the same thing in response to orangeappled ! thank you for your perspective . i think that's very good advice . i've actually thought about this before : that i should limit conversations with her to practical things only since that's what she's ... this post is about being surrounded by a lack of respect for your emotions and being told that feelings don't matter . what triggered this reflection : i was talking on the phone with my mother ... yes . i am an infp . but i also find it easy to read others . most people are more transparent than they realize . but i don't act on my knowledge because i'd feel too bad afterwards . i've only made a ... when you are trying really hard to be real with someone and they respond mockingly / condescendingly . when you put a lot of effort into conveying your thoughts with clarity and precision , and ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ynd29ETpYqo feels very infp-ish ! yes ! : kitteh : being in hogwarts : unsure : i am in the process of becoming more comfortable with my sexuality : crazy : i doubt it . i think he's just trying to get a rise out of us for laughs or attention . but then , i have met some pretty ignorant people so you never know ... : rolleyes : it's ironic that in one short post , you declare not to be a typist , and then proceed to make sweeping judgments on all infp's . so how many infp do you know in real life who are depressed , ... i know you're right , but it feels so hard ! : frustrating : i want to voice my concern but i freeze up instead , probably because i am afraid they will get defensive and things will become even more ... i can really relate to your entire post . and i have experienced what you are describing above . those people will usually say that i'm a great listener and i really helped them sort out their ... me too ! ! it's not that easy to determine how much social interaction is expected , because it's different for everyone . some people like it if you text them every other day , and others are freaked ... i feel i should be more talkative because so many people have expressed that they wish i would talk more , and some say that they feel like they would like me if they could get to know me better . i ... captainshawnee i really like how you phrased it : slowly easing them into your world :) i do find it easier to talk with my current friends , and hopefully , enough trust has been built , that ... ' why are you being so quiet ? i can't count the number of times i am asked that . i think there's a good chance most infp's have been asked that question in the past . i am never quite sure how to ... recently , my own father referred to me as someone who never forgives and holds a grudge forever . i had to take a moment and think : is that really me ? i don't think so . i think i am pretty quick ... i don't mind working hard if i feel like there is a point to the work : if it interests me , if i am learning through it , or if it is of benefit to someone else . it is actually good for me because i ... i hate it mainly for these reasons : - i find it hard to carry out a conversation without body language to guide me . how can i tell if they are getting bored ? if they agree or they are just ... neither . they ’ re both extremes . i don ’ t know why everything is painted as so back & white . people have at times described me as this pure gentle sweet soul . i ’ m not that gentle . i am soft ... i donx 92t play but i took the test out of curiosity : kitteh : true neutral elf wizard ( 2nd level ) alignment : true neutral - a true neutral character does what seems to be a good idea . he doesn't ... op , i really love hugs and touch in general to express affection but i sometimes feel weird about it because not everyone is like that ( and it sucks when most of your friendships are long distance ) ... 4w3 here . i ’ ve been called gentle and i ’ ve been called cold . it seems my introverted nature is interpreted as either : “ oh look , she doesn ’ t speak much . she must be shy and sweet . ” or swims in starlight , you basically just wrote the op i was thinking of writing a couple of weeks ago . these are things i ’ ve been thinking about a lot . it ’ s very difficult for me to move on . i feel ... nope , i am like that too ! * hugs * cheap ha ! and here i thought it was only me . i am almost always singing in my head . i don ’ t like to sing outloud though ( unless i am alone ) because i am not good at it and don ’ t want to bother anyone with ... ok , thanks ! @ quiver i posted in the entertainment forum today , in the mafia sign-ups / game . that's one of the forums where it's disabled ? i can't remember yesterday . i noticed my post count has remained the same the last couple of days , even though i've posted a few times . does anyone know why that is ? should i tell a moderator about it ? i've noticed from this thread and others that people have different definitions of feminism and have encountered different types of feminists so i never know how declaring i am a feminist will be ... i've never understood why it's considered unusual to go to the movies alone ! you're going to be focusing on the movie anyway , not on your friends ! why do extraverts behave like it's imperative to ... people tend to think i am much more innocent than i am . they also mistake me for younger than i am . so they are shocked if they hear me swear or mention sex ! i've only been treated as dumb by ... loose i don't get bored oh hanging out with friends but there are days where i really want to spend quality time with myself . : kitteh : yes ! i've been called exactly that , though not to my face . someone i used to be friends with told a third party that this was the reason they were avoiding me . it hurt and i didn't understand ... - courage - optimism / faith in life working out - willpower - assertiveness - confidence - resourcefulness - patience - temperance - energy - spontaneity ( which would require less self ... traps i am that lone voter ( so far ) in the asia category . more specifically , i am in the middle east . celts falls '