' i just broke up with an entp yesterday or so ... it might've worked , but there just wasn't enough emotional connection for me , but then again i do have insecure attachment & a history of ... i think so , but not in my case . my family consists of emotionally immature and short-sighted estjs , my father was physically and emotionally abusive to my mother and me for the majority of my life ... thank you . i think i will take you up on that offer once i have the time . holy shit . today is my twentieth birthday and i literally just had a breakdown in the tub for hours . exactly . i can't believe how coincidental this is , but yeah . i have an extremely similar story . i ... i'm actually the strangest infp you can find , one raised by unhealthy estj parents . i'm into money for the same reason i'm into power : to make sure it doesn't fall into the wrong hands . i'm ... i've only read twenty one . better catch up ! * returns to catch - 22 * i always get neutral good . it's quite accurate , although i sometimes think of myself as chaotic good . i really need privacy that i cannot have . i need someone , but they won't let me go on the comp . he just threw away all our shit , and wrecked the food closet . i got punched . i am not allowed to close ... 1.cancer 2 . i have nothing , although i've suspected myself of having depression , schizoid , maybe anxiety disorder ? lol , but never been diagnosed , and it's probably all a mild case . eh , not doing very well in high school . i have a tendency to procrastinate , and i cannot pay attention in class . my teachers either love me or hate me , and the ones who hate me will lash at me , which ... it's usually me at lunch with my two other friends , walking wherever we feel like going . we're all holding books . i see a kitty , and i drop everything to chase after it , and try to feed her / him / they ... i pass ( harder ) english classes very easily , even the ones others get d's on , i get a's . ignoring the fact that i add an apostrophe before every s . > ___ > in art i can express myself , and people ... hmm ... 1.reading 2.daydreaming 3.gaming 4.taking fun classes 5.art 6.violin count ? 7.reading articles 8.internet ! 9.honestly , i can't really focus on any hobby for too long . : mellow : i think everything anyone does is selfish , whether or not they know it . and selfish isn't necessarily a bad thing if moderate . i work towards a better future in my head , but it's selfish because ... my dad broke the printer , and blamed my mom for not running up to fix it fast enough . ohh yeah , i got mad real fast . xd otherwise i'm relatively passive-aggressive . and i don't really feel anger ... i feel like nothing . yet i don't feel nothing . i don't want to think about what i'm feeling , but i must . i have a feeling i will die by my thoughts . this probably doesn't bode well , but hey ! you can fight destiny ! ( lol , idk , but i'm going to think that way anyways . ) nothing bad will actually happen , ... i read calvin & hobbes and the bartimaeus trilogy novel soon . : > ( that made no sense whatsoever , but i'm so excite ) i have a test today ! * instant negative mood * i'll get out of here before i ... liberal too . lol , only one conservative so far . : 0 i am usually moderate though , so i agree with some conservative value . i just hope it meets in the middle , or liberal . > w < need for equality , etc ... poesia ~ mannerism , surrealism , cubism , and zen art . renaissance ... too many to list . i like almost all types , except for some pop art , and jackson pollock . i prefer fantasy scenes , extremely relaxing ... did anyone put postsecret.com yet ? do you suppress emotions ? how ? why ? for how long ? have an accessible example ? yes , because if not i would probably be dead by now . i usually fight one emotion with another , which ends up ... i play the violin , will learn flute , cello , piano , and acoustic guitar eventually . infp = violin / flute enfp = voice / violin infj = cello enfj = saxophone / trumpet intp = i have no idea ... isfp = all ... my friend invited me to her home for fireworks , but i lost track of time playing layton , and watched the fireworks with my mom from the backyard . <3 i feel horrible about the fact that there are so many people in pain , and i can't even help the ones closest to me , much less a general populous . a whole writhing mass of pain ... and i'm probably one ... hmmm . or peace . or lol . they're all good . xd so true . dang , i really love this thread . infj - the counselor you scored 0 i versus e , 40 n versus s , 0 f versus t , and 60 j versus p ! your ideal romantic partner is known as the counselor . this type makes a supportive and ... tl ;D r : friends = family you choose . bio family = no influence on lifestyle , but will take care of , and try to fix what went wrong . friends are the family you choose , so yes . family is very ... does he know how insensitive he is being ? perhaps he shows love in different ways ... my dad used to be very unhealthy , but now he respects me for who i am . ex1 : yesterday he threw a fit at me and ... i don't know how to flirt ... but apparently i do ? i've flirted on accident with a crush of mine , but didn't notice until after the flirt . epic fail , no ? xd i usually keep to myself , even if i sorta ... lol ... i wouldn't quite call them nice per say ... xd they are definitely pleasant company when in the right mood though . :) and my parents seem to feel mainly happiness or anger , and not much in ... i'm one of those people who may judge a baby-rapist , but forgive him as long as he agrees with my values now , and won't do it again . so yeah , i'm pretty judgmental . however , i don't think i show it ... i'm starting to really like estjs now . xd well , of course we have differences . but i've figured out a pattern to their lifestyle , and now my parents will do anything provide that i present my idea ... fuuu - i stayed up all night and didn't see it cuz i overslept later argh .  ... * not intj - slinks away * : mellow : lol , the general ones . weird , i - * * * ing-hate-you ( yes , it's a name ) , stupid , nerd , dork , geek , eh ... idk . : 0 i haven't really kept track , lol . must be more than that . really ? i've always loved weddings . i've only been to 3 , but all of them were extraordinarily beautiful . it was all in harmony , the setting , people , and costume porn . xd i often find myself ... lol , i think there's definitely a link between those 2 . xddd yes , what you just stated resonates soundly for me . sorry about the grammar , i'm trying to learn latin again . > . > anyways , i often need ... i want a hug ... and it has to be a real hug . not one of those half-hug's ... hmm ... * materialistic mode activate * for christmas i want a good filter for my turtles , a bigger turtle tank so they ... i think i had depression from 11-13 , it started numbing down around 14 . life has it's ups and downs , and i came a bit close to suicide a few times , but logic saved my life . now i know better , and ... apparently i have a beautiful mind . i write good stories , and make nice art which seems to surprise and impress people . i can play a violin ... ? i can play piano-ish . not good , but self-taught ? i ... oh , lord , whyyy ! ? thank goodness i'm agnostic . xd else i'd ooh shiny kangaroos ! why does the hw not do itself ? mrs . tsaisoniceohmmeegeee ! ah ! my bad , i forgot to respond . D: that darned edit button , always disappearing after my blunders ! okay , i'm a junior , but thus far i do not like high school very much . the people = no , the ... i have 4 tests this week , and i'm currently procrastinating on my hw . i know how you feel when you think you have adhd , lol . i'll finish this response after i do my hw , thanks for reminding me . lucy from elfen lied reminded me of me at times . hmm ... i really loved erik from phantom of the opera . otherwise , i'm not sure about villain infps . like someone said , we're all villains / heroes ... i've been agnostic atheist since forever . well , fifth grade . so close enough for me . xd really , my fi will never allow ... religion isn't supposed to be that way . i don't know , i just don't believe ... my dad often complained of americans bullying him at work , thus projecting his anger at us . oh , and he didn't like the fact i was female , guys are more valued in some parts of china / taiwan . my ... i actually enjoy school , because it leads me to ideas that wouldn't waste so much time than classes . wrote some stuff , drew some stuff , contacted friends through notes , had resources to make ... a ton of careers ought to be ... actually , i'll research this some more . i'm interested in it too . i'm relatively spontaneous . i try to live by my values , and this includes skipping chemistry class to help my favorite stray kitty . i try to get good grades , but i don't usually put forth enough ... '