' this is well-intentioned , but you are getting push back here because your post implies that women usually are in charge of cooking , and that for a man to do it is somehow an extra special treat . ... this is well-intentioned , but you are getting push back here because your post implies that women usually are in charge of cooking , and that for a man to do it is somehow an extra special treat . ... this is well-intentioned , but you are getting push back here because your post implies that women usually are in charge of cooking , and that for a man to do it is somehow an extra special treat . ... few things in a relationship are worse than doing the dishes while your partner languishes elsewhere . thus i can't agree with the premise . but i accept your domesticated bliss as the symptom of a ... i read so much that i transitioned over to kindle when they first came out . i now have the app on my ipad . i liked the convenience , and still do . however , some books , fiction and non-fiction , almost ... barefoot , white tee shirt , faded jeans . ? the food was fantastic . and i did the dishes . :D i agree with you that it doesn't need to be always the same person cooking , but i prefer it to be the same person cooking a specific meal , at the least one taking the lead and the other following ... haha . true it is . and he does feed himself , but not every guy can cook a really good meal . it was a nice treat to be able to sit back and not be responsible . i actually enjoy picking groceries . cooking is a different thing though . if i do it for another person that i think deserves it , i could make effort to learn to enjoy it . on the other hand , i don't ... just wondering . is there anything better than a man who can grocery shop then cook a delicious meal while you relax and watch ? i don't think so . :D i'm just wondering ... is there anything better than a man who can grocery shop and then cook a delicious meal while you get to relax and watch ? i don't think so . :D mr . intj is very expressive in his eyes / eyebrows . the rest of his body is well-controlled . i think my most expressive body language feature is my mouth / jaw when i'm angry or frustrated . otherwise my ... i was just thinking today that if i don't call someone a ' dumbass ' ( full well knowing they aren't , it's one way for me to be playful ) , then we aren't that close . it's akin to the kind of ease i'd ... i tend to latch onto hobbies where there is almost endless growth potential and many varying avenues of study . i love art photography because i can work for years at improving techniques , styles , ... yeah . it totally comes across from him as flirting in a way . he doesn't really interact with anyone else in this manner , even his siblings . the behavior is something that it appears he reserved for ... ugh ! why is it so hard to display the appropriate amount of compassion for other people's troubles . my mother made a statement the other day . my reply was well , you need to go see the dr about it ... the guy i'm seeing has had some kind of switch thrown or something . i'm seeing a whole other side to him in recent weeks . he has started straight up teasing me like crazy , particularly about my ... so in that instance of realization that you didn't feel as strongly or deeply as you thought you should , did you end the relationship ? was that it ? haha ! too funny . i'm pretty sure that when looking at the concept of c / b analysis from a relationship perspective it wasn't meaning quite that . ? i wonder if this initially is an unconscious ... i read something the other day in a blog post or article on intjs and relationships and it mentioned cost / benefit analysis , but it didn't explain anything about it from an intj perspective . can y'all ... this is an image from the upcoming second expansion ! the airship art looks amazing , and the mechanics for adding them to the game ... awesome ! this is my second favorite tt game ... only behind ... there isn't anything wrong with having a methodology to how you expect a relationship to go . my relative angst is with the idea of toying with someone who might have actually been interested in him ... i am only bothered when it seems like my emotional response to what i am feeling is too extreme or doesn't seem to fit the situation proportionally . then on top of whatever emotion i'm feeling , i ... oh . so your first inclination when this female showed some possible interest in you was to attempt an experiment . that is actually worse than what i originally suspected you of . what sort of ... while this intp partially agrees with your premise in that the avengers as a whole have lessons to be learned and that thanos will be the ultimate challenge to that growth process , i have to object ... it is interesting that you frame it as a proposition . as i was careful to let the information on how i view relationships come out in a philosophical discussion . hence i never said , these are my ... i love cooking most of the time ... if it doesn't feel like an obligation that must be done just so . i like cooking when i want to cook , not just because there needs to be food made . i like trying out ... i personally would turn and walk away with nary a look back if confronted with such a rigid , authoritarian , cold attitude of take it or leave it . i'd leave it . having said that , to me it seems ... how protective are you of your personal spaces ? ( i . e . rooms in your house ) . how important / close would a person need to be to be invited / given the ok to help organize or rearrange say your kitchen or ... outlander game of thrones sherlock broadchurch lord of the rings movies star wars movies the new star trek movies marvel cinematic universe movies same here . children in my classroom are called sugar , babe , darling , etc . now ... for clarification , they are four yrs old too . i wouldn't be talking to older kids this way . this is why i asked the ... [ quote = nicoloco 90 ; 3575323 4 ] i'd probably do it on purpose with an intj for the thrills of it , because i want them to look at me all frustrated or annoyed ... consider the following economic / strategic principle : scarcity is what makes things valuable . [ / quote ] so considering the principle of scarcity , random , infrequent use of these kinds of terms would ... as a individual intj and as a general rule , how do you view / feel about terms of endearment ? are you ok with / accepting of a so using them with you ? how likely are you to use them with sos , ... talking just to fill up the quiet . people who willingly choose to remain ignorant or unlearned . people who change lanes or stop in the middle of a traffic circle . poor grammar , syntax , vocabulary , ... whoa , it turned out really nice ! i think digital art is really cool ( i'm not really capable of it . maybe because it's more difficult with a touchpad only . ) . i use more traditional tools , i guess ... this is why i enjoy playing boardgames with intjs . they go all out as if there's something to lose . they don't just want a victory ; they want a landslide . it makes the game so much more interesting ... it's always lovely seeing an intj lash out on you and then walk out with that suave ' you-are-an-idiot ' expression . bahahaha ! ! i so agree with this . during a recent game with my brother and mr ... yes . i feel a barrage of feelings . but i do not always outwardly express the emotion that may be attached to the feeling . feelings cannot be controlled . expression of emotions can usually be ... biggest deal breaker = falling below my general intelligence threshold . secondary deal breaker = insincerity or fakeness . do intjs as a generalization , especially males , have a must win no matter mindset ? speaking of drawing maps , my brother does pen / ink and digital art , so for my intj guy's b-day i had him do a map of middle earth ! it turned out amazing , and he loved it . has it hanging in his office . right now i'm working through return of the king , a sappy romance , and a book on the intp personality as i'm still in the learning / research process . if you go to ... intp 5w4 . i was not convinced i was intp until i also looked into my enneagram . then i wasn't convinced i was a 5 . i was thinking i was a 9 until i merged the intp with the 5w4 ... then i got a very ... i agree with the majority here . under prolonged stress , i will reach a breaking point and just shut down . i will close myself off and then read or mindlessly watch tv . i don't want to talk to anyone ... i love your research focus ! i did my master's thesis on teaching history using gardner's mi as a framework . i am very interested in any correlations you find between personality type and mi . i'm ... welcome fellow female intp . i love to read as well ... usually have two-three books going at one time . i would love to be able to draw . i'm just not talented in that way . i am an art photographer . that ... well ... arguably three books , but one book according to the author ... lord of the rings by tolkien . * i am intp , though i only recently discovered this . i too am a conservative , evangelical christian . i struggled quite a bit in my early adult life with questioning what in believed . although i do ... '