' this is a status that i posted on facebook the other day that got some love ( true story ): just walked past an old lady and her dog . old lady smiles at me and says , we're pooping . i hope that ... i'm feeling vain , here you go : 32916 i hope this is true ... i'm very worried the more i read ... sadly , i feel like the following article on the link describes me ... malignant self love - narcissism revisited - the essay - chpater 6 does this resonate with other intj's ? it's got me ... be vulnerable , be human . since we like experts , take it from somebody who's spent years studying the subject matter : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X4Qm9cGRub0 every relationship that i'm in , this constantly goes through my head ... honestly , i wish i could just make it stop , but i constantly feel that way . if someone wants to give me a couple of questions that might help bring to light my type , i'll answer them off the cuff when i get home tonight and make another vid . thanks again for helping to ... not 100 % sure ... i think that in high school , i used my wit and humor to make people laugh , which was usually a combo of being sarcastic and aloof . there were times when i took my joking too far ... one thing that comes to mind when i'm trying to figure out my type , is something that was said to me by a classmate when i was a senior in high school ( 12 years ago ! ) . we had hardly talked all the ... thanks for taking the time to sit through and not only watch it twice , but to provide some thoughtful feedback . i don't know if it makes a difference as to how i came off in the video , but that was ... i did the ennegram awhile back and got 1 , 3 , 9 . does that help in figuring it out ? thanks . i've taken the test several times over the years and have gotten infp , intp , intj , and probably infj , but the description of infj seems most apt to me . but i'm at a loss b / c the test always ... having trouble typing myself so i made this vid . do i come off as an infj ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_bmjVw5FH8 this is long overdue and needs to be said : i love enfps . you folks are my favorite of all the personalities out there . in the last couple of years i had some friends and acquaintances take the ... dude ... this doesn't sound healthy at all . anytime you're using words like craziness and repulsive and getting bent out of shape with someone you haven't even met ... maybe you need to find ... do esfj's commonly suffer from codependency issues ? i started dating an esfj recently and she's a self-proclaimed worrier . i think you mistook me and that's my fault for the poorly worded title and somewhat confusing story ( i'm a bit out of it today , very tired ) . anyways , the point i'm hoping to make , is that a feeler ... i've had this sorta intp revelation that i've experienced in the past , but at this mature age can finally feel that i can understand it : i only feel how truly alone i am when i start building a ... i'm 31 and while i don't have this natural great ambition to have children as i find most people do , i have softened up a bit to the idea . in fact , i think having children will be a natural decision ... trance from the early 2000 ' s brought me into edm . i love progressive and good funky house to dance to . driving around and at work i love liquid drum and bass . but dub step i just don't get . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RJNeXmefRuQ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x0G1d2CNaJQ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZeGnjB_7phI i definitely boozed it up like a champ in college and grad school . yet , i hardly drink anymore . i hear what you're saying . i think it's also important not to totally write off somebody who is very attractive or is regarded to have high social value right off the bat ( let me be clear , social ... that's a good question ... maybe it is ego , i'm not sure . trying to reason it out , figure myself out . i do get frustrated by my introverted limitations socially , so when i'm drunk and can break that ... fair enough , i get that critique . it doesn't matter to me personally , but in the objective sense to the rest of the world that isn't intp , it does . i can recognize the most desirable based on my ... i wouldn't describe it as that , b / c of the negative connotations ( frat ) associated with it . it's not an ego thing for me as in the implied frat boy example you aluded to . i like marveling in the ... also redman , can i ask about your bio ? age , relationship status ? i like to know a bit about the person i'm taking advice from . thanks for your well thought out post redman . in response to some of the things you mentioned , my streak of one night stands stems more from my life being unsettled in the last 5 years ( trying to ... 1 . i'm 31 2 . i can drink quite a bit , but not too the tired point of alcohol . i can get drunk in other words . 3 . yes to both . 4 . i feel more talented when i know what my partner expects . i ... did i get your attention ? good . couple of things before beginning this entertaining post : 1 ) i welcome all feedback , but prefer to hear from the experienced / mature members . 2 ) this post on ... i used to love the ' 90s song connected growing up . it stood out as being different than most of the hip hop / dance songs ( think c & c music factory , yuck ) . at the time , i didn't know who sang it , or ... learning . philosophy . indie movies . discovering authentic music . psychology . video games . pinball . i'm also wondering if there is something inherently safe about a an intp ... one thing that i've noticed about myself , which seems much more than the norm or coincidence , is that my closest friendships throughout the years seem to be with people who have suffered a tragedy in ... music is very personal for me . now , i'm sure most people and types will agree with the statement , music is personal to me , but when i say it , i mean it in the way that i'm very guarded about ... negotiator / builder is what i scored . i would also add that he has no business sense and places a low priority on money . for him it's about the problem solving , not the monetary reward . hence the reason his business is always in danger ... anyone else watch this show on fox ? is dr . cal lightman not the poster boy for intp's ? ? to me , he seems totally intp . thoughts ? i discovered just how valuable setting goals can be a few years ago when i started doing sales . honestly , i would encourage anyone who has yet to try it out , or might have done it half heatedly to ... this is funniest line i've read on personality cafe . sounds exactly like something i'd say . thank you . the dude abides to me , being in the zone refers to a time when my actions are effortless . one of the most memorable times when i profoundly experienced this was golfing several years ago . i played the first few ... as much as i like women dressing up like whores , i only celebrate halloween if i come up with a good costume . i submit to you , my vince the shamwow guy : ... hmmm , i've looked into this before and the consensus usually is that he is not an intp . consider this from what ' type ' is your character ? sherlock holmes ( istp ) . content to live a solitary life ... when people look at my driver's license photo , they'll say , why aren't you smiling . to which i reply , b / c i'm at the f * * cking dmv http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JC7uIPBXcf4 i've been a gamer since the atari was all the rage . i'm currently playing a great deal of left 4 dead 2 and nhl 11 ( all for the xbox 360 ) . hit me up if you play those . i find it adorable that you think you may be more evolved . einstein and socrates were just a bunch of slouches ! i kid ... 1 ) i would have felt embarrassed . for me , the embarrassment in your situation would come from the fact that i didn't think things through enough to put up a solid argument , thus in some ways ... this statement rings true for me and i often use it as a personal quote . fortunately , i'm able to see the humor and absurdity that life offers . throughout my life i've enjoyed using that gift to ... '