' it depends .. try affiliating your real life emotions and transform them into the symbols of your dream .. or the opposite . sitting smwhere and dreaming .. =P or with my computer internet , music , movies , reading , writting i also do that , instead of talking . i don't know if that is good or bad at the end . because if they were indeed who we wanted them to be , they would notice us , or at least try to understand what we ... do you see an idea , philosophy , religion from multiple perspectives and form an impression of this idea in your mind based on your own judgment , or do you choose an existing idea and tend to follow ... german ! : wink : i am experiencing the same thing , but maybe we have just low self esteem and at the end we cause it as selffulfilling prophecy ! i feel you ! although it seems that the best solution is to stop any contact .. it feels like hell but when you realize that this friendship and that real love you feel for her and all those ... i don't like to categorize people into infp , istj , entp , dvd , phd or whatever , but i tend to find out that this type we designate as introver intuitive feeler perceiver , infp tends to fall into ... somehow true for me but for the thinking types ! =P i strongly agree ! also if you are into some kind of art , try to externalize your feelings into them ! :) what are you doing with your life now , study , work .. . any dreams fulfilled ? hopes , disappointments , good , bad times what's your future plans . :) that's true ! but what i mean is that when you believe something and you try to achieve it , and you feel this idealism inside , sometimes when you try everything and you can't reach it because of a ... i don't know who said those words but i can relate to them . what do you believe ? hello ! :) there is this infj girl i am friend with for two years now , that i recently have started to have feelings for her ... :( she loves me and i love her but i don't know if she sees me as just a ... have you ever been near to one of your dreams and tryied to crash it before you reach it ? : crazy : chaotically and unpredictably ... : crazy : it's like setting so high standards that is unable to reach ... reality is a delusion itself .. but yes , i have this fear ... : mellow : do u ever experience delusions in the first seconds of awakening .. ? : confused : try doing something you wouldn't normally do ... something like breaking the routine for a little .. and then back again .. beautiful ! : happy : i could have written the exactly same paragraph ( with every comma in it ) for myself ! ! i believe logic is only a way of seeing things ... i think there are more ways beyond logic at explaining life , and if they are not logical they are chaotic .. what i mean is that it is an alternative ... i noticed that some times i might be physically affectionate with some people to the point that they think i am strange , and strangely with some other people ( mostly extroverted ) i am completely cold ... i do that with months ! ! ! : happy : i also have it ! monday green tuesday yello wednesday orange thursday blue friday red saturday orange sunday white plus the fact that for every people i have tried to express my emotions they thought i was weird ! : blushed : but what i hate most is my below zero self confidence which leads to indecisiveness because ... i just arrived in austria to study ( last week ) , and i always loved to be in an other country to study . but when i came i felt that it lost its meaning , that this isn't for me ( because i am a very ... hello ... i have just met this girl , she is probably infp and we are talking for a short time and so .. we went to watch a movie . . while we were saying goodbye to eachother i hugged her impulsively ... that could be exactly what i was about to write begining this thread ! that's exactly me ! what i think differs an infp from the enfp , is that the infp is more familiar with his dark side while the ... i am not sure if i understood correctly , bt i am finally sure that i am introverted type .. :P what i believe finally is that in nf types you cannot clearly distinguish the extrovert person from the ... it could be sometimes a serious illness ! : laughing : i have done the test , and i am definitely related to 4 type .. 4w5 .. hello ! i don't know if it is common for infp type but sometimes , i tend to act like an extrovert in some situations ... for example , there are sometimes that when i feel alone i have a strong need to ... what was the subject again .. ? ? ? : confused : same happened to me last year ... i fell harder that you could imagine for an infp and sudently nothing ... she just got bored of you .. ( that doesnt mean you are boring , but it is common for her to ... deep blue , blood red , black ... infp here :) some of my favs are : edward scissorhands eternal sunshine of the spotless mind dead poets society mirrormask that's what i mean ! that's what attract infps to this themes .. it is the fact that the most types ( mostly the sjs ) perceive mystery and chaos as something evil because it is beyond sjs control ... i use alcohol when i am sad or i canl't handle emotions , but until it makes me feel good .. life is more evil than death because while living , death remains a mystery ! : confused : i wish you the best ! : happy : i wanted to study psychology , but i ended up in graphic design which is almost as interesting to me as psychology ! currently i am studying graphic design but i am thinking to stop already and work as ... i used to believe ... but i have to recover from a serious unrequited love situation that i cannot handle .. ! : mellow : i believed she was ! she was definitelly what i wanted .. and i am an extremely ... yes .. indeed ! i feel alone , even if i am not alone ! it's like speaking a different language , even with my family ! i cannot explain it , its like i am a stranger , an alien or smthing .. so i let it ... helooo ! : blushed : i definitelly adore dark emotions , dark thoughts , sadness , rain and anything arround that ! everyone thinks that i am goth or something but i hate this stereotyping thing because ... a mighty pain to love it is , and ' tis a pain that pain to miss ; but of all pains , the greatest painit is to love , but love in vain.it is happening to me now .. she is the only person on earth i could ... does it have an effect on it ? ? any side effects ? ? i have this problem for over ten years .. ! this is vivid ! ! ! my aunt , who is also infp has the same problem ... hahaha ! no need to be horny to act like that ! infps are strange ! :p roud : maybe he is testing the waters ... or maybe he was just trying to get your attention .. ! also maybe he just has this temporary ... have u ever experienced sleep paralysis ? ? ? like infp but more colorful and less strange .. :P i am a borderline infp / infj but my father is isfp .. i can say that .. isfps are : - very kind - they are generally suspicious towards others , ... being constantly unstable .. : s but i think that is from my infp side ! :P i hate when i have to do something ( like homework etc .. ) and instead i procrastinate because i daydream or because i have ... then , i'm sry , but i have to tell you that u have turned yourself into a retarded too ! i mean its true that girls don't get attracted by the nice guys but does it worth it to turn yourself into an ... '