' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8lX0QtzwynQ speaking as someone with experience being romantically involved with intjs , it always starts out like this . ni recognizes ni . however , if you decide to pursue this long-term , inevitably you're ... i'd start planning . first , i'd invest half of it to make it grow . the other half would be used to allow my parents to live comfortably and my brother , his wife and two sons to live comfortably ; ... this is basically my interaction with my mother as well . the issue is that she has this idea that i get angry over anything and everything , when in reality i get annoyed when her lack of foresight ... if you allow yourself to undergo quantum breakdown , would your drill : a ) seek the heavens . b ) pierce the heavens . c ) create the heavens . 12 acts of service 8 receiving gifts 4 words of affirmation mother : istj father : esfp brother : estp ? esfp ? me : infj the one i'm mostly confused about is my brother , we did get along growing up but we also at times fought like cats and dogs . he went ... i feel like a number of people are underestimating the difficulty of finding people with whom a person can relate to , and who they can build a rapport with . making a friend isn't always as simple as ... i do in some cases , but don't in others . ni is an excellent tool that allows for far-reaching systematic organization beyond sensory experiences , and consequently the forming of an overarching ... i love this thing . anyway , a snippet from the beginning of a conversation that a fi-user and myself engaged in today : fi : [ antique beast ] , where do you think bad people go ? me : well , one ... i've always wanted to larp , but never got around to trying it . i'm not too great at se stuff . : < i'd imagine the entp would be tanking everything while the infj trips and falls . the solution is simple ; don't get involved with an infj until the both of you are roughly 30 or older . both of these types can be very ugly when immature , especially if you are infj's first ... welcome to perc . i hope you enjoy it . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ERFqEKA-F0 350530 webcam pic that's roughly a year old but i can't be assed . this thread made me chuckle . ahh , entps , how charming you are . it's true , though . by what i've read here , she seems to like you , so i'd say simply asking her is a safe bet . to be honest , personality is always the first thing on my list that i examine closely . even if the other person were physically attractive to me , they wouldn't even have a foot in the door if their ... hello , welcome to perc . enjoy your stay . hello there , i hope you enjoy your time here at perc . well , it isn't really that his waist is thinner per se , it's more that due to lateral muscle build-up , it creates the silhouette of a triangle , which i find more aesthetically pleasant than rectangle ... yes . : > this character is inspired by two other characters that are kind of androgynous , and i really like androgynous characters ( both male and female ) . apart from that , he is an original ... this thread reminded me of something i wrote in the intj forum a couple of years ago regarding an intj relationship with an infj . i'll put it here for you to read . here is my personal experience ... let's go skydiving . http://img13.deviantart.net/c621/i/2015/156/3/4/valentinus_by_ode_to_silence-d8vkjn3.png colored . took me around five days to do this completely . http://oi59.tinypic.com/oeddc.jpg i draw stuff . reposting from infj art thread . http://oi59.tinypic.com/oeddc.jpg just finished this one last night . http://oi59.tinypic.com/s6hx8w.jpg just finished sketching this yesterday . missing some lace and piping detail ( and stuff for the pattern on the socks ) , but that will come in the colour job . alright , return to plan a : discipline will be your strongest ally . : > i've been there , though . in these cases , not much can be done except slogging through it and being a champ . i'm not a huge ... it depends on what will be taking up your entire day for a straight month that makes reading 10 pages in a day an unlikelihood . in this case , your main ally will be discipline . but here's what i'd do if i were in this situation : if something should get in the way of achieving the 10 page goal on a single day , read as many ... while that's true in many cases , it isn't always so . if you have a goal in mind and plot a course of action , that means you have a plan a for getting to the end . if foreseeable , you should always ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qK9WkDpMHEU alright , so here it is . infjs , or at least this is how i feel about it , need a lover who is first and foremost a friend . to me it simply sounds like she's going through the motions of seeing ... i'm gonna call enfj on this one , mostly because from personal experience , infjs don't try to control other people because we don't want to be controlled , ourselves . enfjs , on the other hand .. i feel like i could have written this myself , to be honest . i guess that's why they say entps are so great for infjs . a lot of friendships that go down the toilet for me usually have to do with ... i was watching estp / esfp videos today and all the se talk reminded me of a story from when i was a young girl . my parents took my brother and i to the batting cages one day . as a clumsy infj who ... i fed a homeless near my house just the other day , actually . i want to do something that helps them long-term but know i can't do that with the resources i have now , so usually when helping a ... accurate description of how infjs operate with bullshitters . common rant . many people agree with you , most will say these are mistyped infps . therefore no , you are not the only one who has this view . welcome to perc , by the way . as stated in my previous post , i also have issues with people who come to me wanting the hug and the aww it'll be okay response . like you , i feel it solves nothing and does not get the individual ... i personally dislike discussing my emotional issues unless i am enabled via the following reasons : 1 ) the person who i am speaking to is relatively close to me . 2 ) they will offer me advice ... thank you . i'll have to watch this later ; for now , time for bed . at 8: 00 in the morning . agnostic . i do kind of feel like a fish out of water when people refer to infjs as being devout religious folk . we are quite a logical and questioning type , which i feel is not compatible with ... i can't ever seem to get along with any enfj i get to know . not a single one . now , i don't know if they were just unhealthy enfjs , or maybe an enneagram thing , but all of them that i have ... well , when i am in a business or social situation with someone i don't much care for , i tend to remain coolly civil . i say the minimum required and i get to the task at hand . depending on how long ... infjs usually don't carry on much conversationally unless wholly comfortable . now i am 26 years old and i am quite different than i was at age 17 , and my memory of those years is very hazy due to my ... hello there , welcome to perc . i hope that you enjoy your stay here . infj dating bible or : how to date an infj | modalities of existence here is my personal experience with intjs . when i meet them , i never typically have issues with them ; i sometimes think that i attract them like flies due to the ni ( or perhaps the opposite , but ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FglHQWsAOXs '