' having some physical action in my life helps to revitalize me and reconnect me with the tangible world when i have absorbed myself for far too long in my thoughts . i am with the other two guys on ... i don't relate much to this other than that which is highlighted in bold , but here's what i got : ___ martial state ... while i am not sure of being an istp myself , i deal with this frequently . i remember when i was in my 10th grade chemistry class , there were a few classmates that always talked amongst themselves ... when talking to someone can be as equally draining as running a half-marathon . i think possibly an ixfp type . the world would definitely be less exciting . all that se-domination ! you have no idea how stupid this sounds to me and many others right now . how does being a christian relate to telling your children about santa claus ? i agree with children being able to exercise their imagination else wise , but i don't understand your second statement . how do you handle the idea that you will eventually die ? it's inevitable and pointless to fear . just love life , friends , and family . since the possibility exists for you to die in the next second , ... there's nothing wrong with wanting to know why , but you need to not over analyze it . it is simply fun . i personally care very little for watching sports on tv , but if other people enjoy it , then ... if i should interpret it correctly , i believe it to mean that intps are more than likely to drift into becoming negative existentialists since they are constantly analyzing for what life is really ... sounds more like an estj , however the information you provided is very little . i would suggest thinking on how he makes his decisions . are they based on group-consensus ( fe ) or on defined ... i think he summed it up pretty nicely . you may change the environment that human nature acts in , but you will never change human nature itself . or you could say nothing at all since if you care enough about the relationship , you will learn to compromise your impulsive desires with your overall desire for a harmonious relationship . hi panda . i think you need to listen to that saying , if everyone has a problem with bob , then bob is probably the problem . i understand you may be under an intense amount of stress in your life ... well i answered your question . :) to answer your question , i would need to understand what standard you are using to say that extroverts are better than introverts . since you haven't labeled this so clearly , i can only theorize and ... well , this is an interesting thread and i am glad it is here . i have been wrestling with my type for a long time and i hope that anyone who has seen my posts would either confirm me being an infj or ... i can relate . sherlock is a good show . i approve this message . is she yes and then no ? how about in and then out ? up and then down ? care to elaborate on what you mean there ? i believe by emergent you mean a structure being generated from a new source other than an existing structure ? also , i never said s and p were in the same ... true . i do tend to jump to conclusions . more information would be good . absolutely l . you have such a short life to live . enjoy it as much as you can and love who you are - with the exception that if you could be batman . always be batman . lol sounds like you have had ... patience , yago . patience ... i would definitely assert your type as infp and here's why : 1 . introverted feeling : you mention a desire to be sincere , but being afraid to share your own feelings ... usually intjs have very little interest in their physical surroundings just due to the order of their functions . introverted sensing creates a desire in the user to replicate past environments since ... first , before i give you my answer , i would like to indicate that your current condition may actually be concealing your true identity as a person . i am sorry to hear that you have had very little ... i am sorry to hear that she said that to you , but i have to admit the directness is pretty funny . i enjoy some dark humor , so i had to smirk a little at this one . now , for her type : istj all the ... if your pattern of communication remains constant , you definitely have extroverted sensing as at least your auxiliary function . you are very direct and do not try to dress up your words . also , i ... i am kind of confused because here is a man that hates rules and structure whilst hating change ? that's sort of a contradiction in my opinion since rules and structure fall under the umbrella of ... i am going with entp based on the arguments previous posters have made . also , is english your first language ? were you using a phone or other electronic device when typing this post ? i seriously ... this seems rather confusing to me . part of me wants to say that he is an fj type , but i am not sure . just because someone is an introvert does not mean that they can't enjoy social interaction . just ... passive aggressive ? where the hell are you picking that up from ? i don't think anyone is really offended here . lol they are just trying to show you another perspective . but again , you are venting ... you obviously have just started learning about jung and mbti . thinking types are very capable of being influenced by their emotions just as feeling types can be influenced by their logic . we all have ... i'll definitely have to give him a look . thanks for the heads up . no problem . my point about the lengths of posts was not to address that topic itself , but rather the form of argument you took against the notion . on your response to my comments on ti-dominance , ... i think you are an intp and here's why : introverted thinking logic : if people that consider themselves to be intjs can write long posts and intps short posts , then that means your argument is ... i just tried this . holy crap ! get out of my head ! lol this theory does show some credibility and oddly enough some surprise . i like it . i am inclined to agree with drmiller 100 . yeah . i've had a couple of people on these forums type me as an enfj and i most certainly am not an fe-dom , let alone an extrovert . i come off as more of a cold person to plenty of people until they ... almost everyone starting out in something as complicated and abstract as personality typing can be confused . we have all been there . lol looking at your post , you come across as an fe user . let me ... just think of the following : ni - big picture . si - living in the immediate present with very little thoughts on the future ( in terms of changing the outside world in one way or another ) . well , until the logic adds up differently , i am going with infj for the following reasons : 1 . i want my life to be for the betterment of this world . as much as i want to enjoy my life , i want ... i'm sort of along the lines of jbking here , but i am going to explain why much of grade school is useful : 1 . history : while i now have a skepticism about almost everything , much of what we learn ... i apologize . when i was mentioning the anomaly , i was referring to either a more preferred use of ti over fe possibly . anybody at all ? ok . i just wanted to either have a reaffirmation or correction of my type . i had someone help me through pms and he said that i am a possible infj . however , i don't completely agree with that since i ... i'm actually offended by the thought that you are using no standard to measure by that which n's are better than s's . there are skills that will come easier to someone with an intuiting function , ... i don't think i have much of a problem discerning between n's and s's . the difference is usually clear . i'd say as you understand the jungian functions and mbti over time , you will understand the types much more . i know i have and i have been studying this stuff for about 2-3 years now . it is much more ... '