' hello , may i have my name changed to ástartöfraru 200e ? why is there not an obvious answer ? why is it that every other kid at my school has parents that have just the right connections for them to end up where i want to be ? why is it that even though i ... people's beliefs . spiders . snakes . other reptilian things ... have i lost my si ? who needs it anyway ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jRJj5AwTER0 it depends on the situation , but i prefer details over general statements / assumptions . details help put the puzzle together . i prefer it this way . i find it difficult to not attempt to fix or rebuild a system . so yes , it's difficult for me to simply say no . for the past three years i've explored the world of philosophy , and deep thinking . it was truly amazing immersing myself in the deep thoughts of those who were once great thinkers ; and after that ... when you tell a girl that you're only friends with her , because you like her friend.yeah , i wasn't trying to be insensitive ; it just came out that way . i see ... suffering , pain , and loss ; calamities that fail to finish the wicked , but succeeds with killing the innocent . and yet , there remains a seed of hope at the bottom of all . silliness ... i ... it depends . i usually do my best to help others as much as possible , but never to be liked . suffering isn't something that's enjoyable to see or to feel , so it's natural to do something to ease or ... romantically would be helpful . my current situation with an isfp is interesting , but it seems as though dialogue can be extremely boring . whenever i attempt to discuss something philosophically or ... thoughts ? i am interested in reading your opinions to balance out with my own , or to make sense of it anyway . really ? how so ? monologging mentally is really enjoyable ... for some reason i felt partially , if not entirely , responsible for a possible failure of another . teacher : have your packets ready , and if you ... yeah , i'm hot . i'm fond of the mastermind label , but in actuality most of the mastermind things i do are done on the fly . i am , by definition , a scientist , so i don't mind that title . when you ... dream of becoming a connoisseur , but not actually drinking the wine ; but doing it for the scientific study and creation of wine . unrest - nobuo uematsu , final fantasy viii original soundtrack are there any fellow intjs that play sc2 ? i'm annoyed and tired of both my intp , and istj friends . i brag sarcastically . i think that's possible ; right ? why don't people ever listen ? i tell them what's going to happen , and instead they choose not to listen and say no evidence , fuck off ! . of course , i provide them with evidence some time after my ... what most people don't understand is that true love doesn't exist ; it's a science , not a disney movie . i will admit to having met the woman , but that doesn't mean i think she's a true love , or ... conversation is important for exercising thought . at least for my thoughts . sometimes it may appear as though i have a personality disorder when others see and hear me enquiring with myself about ... i don't really care about relationships ... it varies in regards to the artist , but genre-wise i favor jazz , fusion jazz , piano , and violin . particularly , esthero , amy winehouse , beethoven , miles davis , accardo , sarah vaughan , bach , and ... mahvel baby . well , used to be that way . now it's ... spawn more overlords ! starcraft 2 reference ... edit : that is , if you were looking at my magneto profile picture , and not near . if so , ... at first i thought this was me ; seems like something i would post ... i was thinking of creating nanites that can be released in the air , and immediately attach to parts of the brain such as the ... phys . ed is boring in general , and i loathe every minute of it . luckily , it becomes optional after sophomore year , but health and nutrition will still be that one class that takes away an extra ... and here i thought i was different for being a sapiosexual . my plan at this point is to achieve all a's after freshmen year , perfect sat scores , and neuro research . this may not be enough to get into cambridge for undergrad , but i'll give it a shot . if my ... my school is project orientated , but only truly project orientated when there's three weeks of school left . throwing assignments on students at the last minute appears to be a favored thing . preferable the internet , but if i know the person in real life , then i might consider chatting with them , but each condition has to met . those conditions vary between each person , and listing them ... almost always chatting . with any type . : laughing : . this thread is full of troll . at least it should be . it's not that i hate homework , it's just more of not really wanting to complete it . most of the time it's just busy work . usually what might work in getting me to do is the alter ego that pops in and ... i think that's what you do when you're in a romantic relationship ... women that are wittier than me , or at least women that think they are . that type , the second part , are so adorable . i think they , those that find us scary , suck at formulating interesting thread titles . i'm only ever fooled when i don't go with the first immediate thought . the immediate thoughts are always right , but i hate making immediate decisions without time to actually consider what i'm about ... ... when you despise other types putting their crummy paws on an intj only thread .  ... when you imagine all the kids at school being absent for a day . i think i may have figured out to effectively manipulate factors in a dream . yes , a dream . a dream is what we have while our body is unconscious , and while we are still conscious , but only inside of ... women who post their problems on facebook . then they get mad when you try and spice it up a bit . her status : my face is so numb . me : do you wanna battle ? ' cuz my balls are at the ready ! her : ... that only other friend you have who calls every other five minutes asking for help with math . not to mention he already knows the answers , prematurely anyway , but i have to guide him to the answer ... when you find the norm to be weird . people who immediately claim that i'm twisting their words when i contradict what they say . that was my speech through , and through . i forgot quite a few things , and ended up blabbing about the school helping me bring back my faith in humanity . now that i think about it though , i've never ... i'm good looking , and smart . does that make me a narcissist ? recently i was asked to do speeches for my school's open house , and i figured why not ? so , i took the offer up and did my speech for the first open house . the girl who spoke before me did some ... how would i move up to jc ? '