' to be honest i'm not entirely sure i'm an entp either , but i don't really identify with objective thinking . i wasn't present on the forums for a while because analyzing my own type became boring and ... ok - - so i'm not all that emotional . i'm pretty emotionally buoyant in that i rarely swing from one mood to another at all or let my emotions get the better of me . i'm pretty warm even if i do ... there is such a good story in this somewhere i have to write this i don't know what you're talking about . i only date one type all the time ever on purpose to fulfill my jungian destiny . lol yes the sass is turned up to 11 with both of us around . it's like verbal fencing . the worst is when i don't get what he's referencing and i feel dumb . i hate that . but all in all he's ... i agree . that's a lot like how our friendship is . we don't need to see each other all the time but when we do it's like no time has passed . we are both independent spirits like that . there's this ... cesspool her name is julie delpy . she's an actress / director that i admire . i've also been told i look like her . i am in my 20 ' s and boy is this true . i never really thought of it like that . he's modest that way . i suppose if he really likes a girl , he's cryptic about it . and very elusive . i had a crush on him for a while , but he's too closed ... _observer_ oh sorry i should have clarified - - i wasn't talking specifically about you but about people in general . yes i do agree that there is an observable difference . i was talking about less ... some of this is just bias i think . it's easy to be biased once you read all of the literature online about infjs and entps , or enfps and intjs and so on . it can be much harder to give someone a ... seriously . this is a clarion call for all the nt women . we need to form a coalition . i am an entp and i thought for years that i was a feeling type . after all , isn't it so acceptable and ... this is the truth . the * supposed * infj i know has a line of girls out the door . seriously , if there wasn't one girl pining about her love to him , there was another one reading a poem aloud ... if infj men are unicorns , can entp women be the krakens of the sea ? we're pretty rare too : wink : i've apparently met two and one is gay and the other is - - i'm pretty sure - - not actually an infj . ... i agree that she is highly ethical and compassionate . i just think morality is almost a futile discussion in westeros . it sort of went out the window along with bran when jaime pushed him out of ... johnnyyukon the targaryens are moral ? they were known for being incestuous and generally mad as a result . i'm not sure morality had anything to do with it . i've also read a compelling argument ... not necessarily . i just think my dad is a lot like ned . i've thought about sorting mbti into westerosi houses but it's not as easy as a sorting hat . the difference is that the characters in each ... my dad is a lot like ned so i would be a stark child unfortunately . edit : if i can be a worg like bran then this is ok . infj men make me feel ... softer ? i don't know how to explain it really . i just have less of a sardonic edge with them . with two hands this is the reason i think ne doms and ni doms go well together . i am very good at taking my ni friends out of their heads so to speak and allowing them to be themselves . in my experience , ni doms ... a general rule is that if a guy looks at you pretty consistently he's probably interested . flirt and enjoy ! it is simple . observe an fe-dominant in their natural habitat . take notes . my mom is an enfj so this was like a daily lesson . we are also very good at evading your question . it seems like you might come away discovering not much at all . as for myself , i am a student in college and i'm on the verge of total freedom ... i was an i / o psych major for a hot second . it was interesting . i wouldn't recommend it as a major but it would be a cool career with lots of opportunities for advancement . i'm a writer so i can contribute something ... the best part : the possibilities are endless . the stories i generate are very convoluted and fun and unique . for example , right now i'm writing a ... tv shows : 30 rock unbreakable kimmy schmidt basically anything written by tina fey ( she is whip smart and witty ) firefly obv . or anything from joss whedon ( an entp ) orphan black ( so ... me : entp mother : enfj father : istj brother : enfp ? ? he tested as one but idk if i'm convinced . he's got some strong argumentative tendencies but no tact with it and not very convincing , tbh . he ... i think we both agree here . i don't think that's necessarily true . but i see what you mean . i have to agree with maivilo , i think humanity is too complex a subject to be summed up in the life of a psychopath / sociopath . certainly there is a lot to learn ( hopefully from afar ) , but it is ... atla jeebus how many psychopaths have you met ? you must be some kind of psycho-magnet . you might be interested in reading literature by murakami . his main characters usually deal with this sort ... guys . what if she's using bomb-diggity ironically ? clever girl . i know 4 enfjs in real life . one is my mom , and as i've said elsewhere , she's unhealthy and manipulative . another is a good friend of mine , and she's a doll . she's very sweet and honest and ... starbuckskat i'm in college so i'm only around during holidays / summer . but after i graduate in may i'm spending a year at home to save up money . i honestly don't know how i'm going to do it . i ... also , if this helps , she fits all of the symptoms of a codependent personality . my mom is an enfj and we butt heads all the time . mostly , we miscommunicate . i swear i try so hard to communicate clearly . it isn't laziness , it isn't manipulation , it's just that somehow , every ... i always think this is a funny question , and i'd be happy to answer this for you ! yes , we do get turned on . how depends on the girl . what a world ! i have a rule that i get work done early in the morning , chill out in the afternoon , and go out with friends at night . so maybe a third of my day is with people . i know 3 confirmed male enfjs and they all seem painfully insecure / domineering . then again , i'm in college , so they may not have realized their potential yet . intp , enfp , enfp , isfp * , infj , esfj , enfj , infj * ... hmm lots of feelers . i'm barely an enfp though so maybe i balance them out ? * * * these are my educated guesses * * honestly my fi and ti ... i'm imagining them all with lengthy dissertations ... if you know what i mean : wink : i really really like this thread i'm guilty of dragging friends out to go have fun . but they never regret it . it's always fun . and i have fomo ( fear of missing out ) too , but it's lead to some pretty fun adventures . i love my ... that is really interesting and it brings up another point about our identity . social media is another avenue for both expression and manipulation ( they pretty much go hand in hand ) . i think that ... well , that tears it . there's always a past example of how nothing much has really changed . p . s . i love all of the stock photos . here's my contribution 292074 it's situational , and i don't go telling individuals how to live . i don't think i'm better than anyone for it ( my rhetorical question was more of a tongue-and-cheek comment to my parents ) .  ... i totally agree . i feel as though people are becoming more passive in their connection to others . as someone who desires intimacy with my friends , i feel very alienated when they are all on their ... she reminds me of all of the humor in 90 ' s films that i don't relate to at all . i agree that she's pretty generic . i don't think you are being a pussy . i think being alive every day shows immense and unbelievable strength . that's beautiful . i read brutish as british and imagined hugh grant fumbling with that statement and i laughed . '