' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P6U3vRGyE8w have you guys ever seen million dollar baby ? there was a scene in that movie ... that ... would have ... made me cry were i not an inhuman ... monster with no feelings ... i'm not crying ! my tear ... i can't speak for any other intj , but i value loyalty above any other quality regarding interpersonal relationships . if i were married and later cheated , i wouldn't be able to look myself in the ... rereading neuromancer by william gibson . it is one of the major influences of the cyberpunk genre which is one of my favorite genres . mercedene i think it is very normal to question deeply-held beliefs and ideas , religious or otherwise . it can be very beneficial as it makes us evaluate our beliefs . in the end , if we determine a ... well the thing is , regretting letting someone go is not the same as becoming ready for the relationship that caused the split in the first place . i regretted what i did immediately when i determined ... one of the best new bands i've heard in ages in progressive rock . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3zp07sEBhYU i'm actually going through something similar now , with me being the one who let doubts get in the way of commitment . i really didn't think i was ready for a relationship even though i really like the ... nice . i had a class that went like something like that for me . on the midterms i had a c and 2 ds . i had cs on most of the quizzes and a 30 and a 10 on the last 2 . then i got a 96 on the final and ... ^ this thread was started in 2012 . i have very severe depression and anxiety . when i first began experiencing symptoms i had panic attacks seemingly randomly . a few times it was so bad i completely lost consciousness . i haven't had a ... infj here's a little somethin ' for you bustaz : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tsfnuyyjaB0 i've read that istjs and intjs tend to have some similarities that can lead to mutual interest , but also have some barriers that prevent mutual understanding . i have a few istjs in my life and we are ... big data is a very important area that has been becoming increasingly important for all organizations . so yes , working with it is an excellent career option . however , big data is not a career in ... intj : various styles of metal , progressive rock , underground and avant-garde rap , classical , progressive jazz in that order https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wvkHIZg_954 * throws on slightly wrinkled tuxedo t-shirt and douses self in discount gas station cologne * hello ladies ;) almonds , pistachios , cashews , peanuts , and oranges . i typically become very focused on whatever i'm watching , even if i'm not particularly enjoying it . i don't have trouble sitting through a long movie , but if i try to watch hours and hours of series ... i feel bad for the clippers due to their injuries . i agree that san antonio vs . golden state will be pretty epic if it occurs . i thought the san antonio , oklahoma city series would be pretty good but ... i haven't seen a thread about the nba playoffs so i thought i would make one . so ... how bout dem hornets ? actually how bout dem raptors ? i'm a die hard toronto fan . i went into my dad's office with a huge glass of ruby red grapefruit juice and sat it on his desk just over his pc tower . what could go wrong ? here's what went wrong : i knocked it over onto my ... i'm a graduating senior information systems major and the other day my mentor told me there is a 2 % unemployment rate in it for degreed individuals . people may not get the job they want but they can ... i have been meditating off and on for a few years . i have severe clinical depression and i stumbled upon mindfulness and meditation a while ago as a potential solution . i started seeing a new ... gender : undetermined age : 22-32 intelligence : gifted idea adoption : early-adopter mbti personality profile : esfp closest alternative we found : enfp i'm an intj so pretty close . the rest is ... i'm really questioning my academic prowess at the moment . i've been getting crappy grades in accounting ( which i expected because i suck at accounting ) , but i also haven't been performing as well as ... intj - seattle , usa as the most highly educated and most literate city in the united states , seattle offers an ideal fit for the cerebral intj . this type is open-minded yet guarded , curious yet ... i absolutely want to have children . i don't fully understand why myself . this isn't the extent of it but there are several personal psychological reasons why i want children . mainly i want to ... the third-rate mind is only happy when it is thinking with the majority . the second-rate mind is only happy when it is thinking with the minority . the first-rate mind is only happy when it is ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SjtlDq-u8FY i believe i can change your opinion . here is something i wrote that is brilliant . there was space . there was a person in it . no one understood him . but no one needed to understand him because he ... the lord of the rings , jrr tolkien pride and prejudice , jane austen his dark materials , philip pullman the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy , douglas adams harry potter and the goblet of fire , jk ... this video changed my life . thank you so much for sharing it . 1 . does anyone else here code ? i do ! 2 . what languages do you know ? i got advice from one of my professors to be careful about saying you know a language . many students take a course where they ... i remember reading a theory that intjs , being natural problem solvers who strive to improve nearly everything , actively seek problems to engage our need to improve things . this can cause many of us ... 1 . ) do you tend to remember your dreams ? yes . a lot of times the details are sketchy but i usually remember enough to share the story with another person if i choose to . 2 . ) have you ever felt ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QCnOx4lmnbg amadeus . i love this movie . it's a fictionalized account of a rivalry between mozart and one of his contemporaries , antonio salieri . based on everything ... * head explodes * i realize this thread is meant for women but i'll add my opinion anyway . i like online dating sites , but i understand why some would be averse to the idea of finding a date online . in my opinion ... you get in a heated argument with someone and at the end they think you are wrong and an asshole , but you only care that they think you're wrong . homosexuals are insecure people that are too uncool to find a straight boyfriend / girlfriend . i know this because i have an insecurity detector that goes off whenever i'm around gay people .  ... nooo ! ! ! of course not ! we take the well-being of animals seriously here . what have you done ? that button was a release valve to the kitten pen above the nt forum ! the nts will see the cute kittens and lose their edge . i'll fix this by using my death ray to destroy the ... hannibal was my favorite tv series . i was heartbroken when i heard it was canceled . i knew it would happen though and to be honest , i was surprised it was even renewed for a third season considering ... i would write a long post criticizing istps but you would probably get bored halfway through . instead , i'll leave a button here . pressing it will lead to very bad things .   ... color me intrigued ! i am close to college graduation . i have one semester left after this one . i'm putting my schedule together for the spring and there is a conflict . i am majoring in ... your score was 81 of 100 . this puts you in the category of the high machs , people who do not belive in the goodness of the world and that because that it must be manipulated , people who ... friendly acquaintance : hey . i never see you using your phone . do you even have one ? me : of course i have a phone . everyone does . friendly acquaintance : give me your number so we can text each ... is being an enfp as much fun as it seems ? one of my best friends is an enfp and i once said to him that it seems like the world is his playground . he told me it is and that is both a good and a ... guild wars 2 '