' i think i have finally narrowed down my choices for a career to two options . graphic designer : i would have the ability to do something creative and self expressive in a far more independent way ... i struggle with this frequently . i often have to take a step back and evaluate my insecurities from a realistic standpoint . if i don't , i'll focus so hard on my flaws and failures that i'll never ... silently burning great passion within . i was nicknamed jojo by my coworkers , a twist on the first two letters of my name : josh . they would send me on errands around the factory on a daily basis . soon they started calling me jojo the ... in my experience , the average person isn't so bad . it's the ones in power that cause so much heartache . kindness and compassion are beautiful qualities that if embraced would put an end to many ... i'm single , and always have been . some of that is because of my own insecurities . the rest is sadly due to infp men not being the ideal as is commonly portrayed . there have been some that i felt ... i would have reacted the same way . i don't waste time debating about something that trivial . anyone that knows about infps would realize that the harder you push , the more we back away . i often feel lonely , even when surrounded by people . i find that the feeling stems not from the lack of company , but from a lack of intimacy with another human . when i feel this way , often something ... i don't like to lead . i don't like to follow . yet , making my own path is interpreted as a strength to lead . therefore , i find myself leading without ever seeking to . when needed , i will lead , but in ... where am i in my body ? the brain ? maybe . what if we had the technology to clone an entire living human body ? a perfect replica down to every last subatomic particle ? who would be in that body ? ... i share personal details if i am interested in being friends with someone . it's kinda like a test to see how they respond to it . if favorably , i feel it is safe to pursue friendship . if not , i ... orangeappled really did write a book ! a darned accurate one to boot ! i'll just add a few points that are significant to me by comparing my best friend with my most annoying friend . best friend ... i used to be afraid of my grandmother's bathroom because the wood grain on the door looks like a grinning monster with big evil eyes . i go back there and i still think it looks like that . : laughing : * sigh * it would probably be stupid to do either one . i figure i'll just have to beg people to give me rides every day until i get some money . being broke is so humiliating . . . dumb question ... it means you are legal to drive a motorcycle on public streets . funny thing is , i had been riding the scoot for a few weeks before i realized a drivers license wasn't enough . i know this is a strange question to ask on pc , but i don't know who else to ask . i start a new job tomorrow and i just realized that i have two distasteful transportation options . 1 . ride my ... are you kidding ! ? with eyes like yours , who could look away ? :p roud : of course we exist ! you just described the best qualities of us infps ! well , the wise and talkative part may or may not ring true for all of us , hehe ! i'm still getting to know everyone here at pc forums , so i can't call favorites . i don't pay enough attention to public figures to form opinions about them either . i can name my rl nf friends ... that although i need my time alone , i don't want to be left alone . i guess cruelty is universal . they did the exact same thing to me . really hurts to have a whole group of people out to get you for no reason other than their own sick entertainment . yet we survived , ... i would probably be on some serious anti-depressants if i never learned about mbti . or worse . . . i saw only my flaws and was sinking into a pit of self loathing . learning my type diverted me from ... self confidence . i want some . i get called innocent , naive , and goody-goody all the time . i think its a combination of my quietness and personal code of conduct . i drink lightly on occasion , but i hate being drunk . i have ... i'm a virgin and i'll be 25 next month . it really isn't a big deal . i completely believe in saving yourself for the right person . i mean , why give away something you can only give once to some ... these are just two awesome tracks made by pogo . they are made using sounds bits of movies . really cool stuff ! there's a lot more where this came from . mp3s on last.fm ... wouldn't change anything for me . but i come from an ethnically diverse family so maybe it's how i was raised . i've also had friends of just about every ethnicity and besides some cultural ... that is so true , i hated seeing her like that . i was happy that her suffering was over . i never considered that there was an emotional conflict . i'll have to think on that . [ edit ] i still feel ... sometimes i envy how freely others express their emotions . it comes to them so simply . why is it that i can talk in depth about things like this on an internet forum but i can't utter a single ... i have been thinking about this for a while and i still can't understand it . when my grandmother died , i didn't cry . we were very close . i lived with her for most of my childhood . she had brain ... i know ! i know ! don't remind me ! i'm really sensitive to that kind of stuff . : crying : yeah , i get what you are saying . some weaknesses are more self-destructive while others are more damaging to those around . never really thought about it like that , but it does make sense . just like ... that was . . . disturbing . . . i'm gonna be seeing those creepy-ass pictures in my mind for hours . thank you , pianopraze ! : unsure : only three requirements . 1 . quiet 2 . safe 3 . in the arms of love everything else is a bonus . i'm not personally familiar with all the types , so someone else would probably be able to come up with something more fitting for some of these . wow , those are nice ! whenever i see stuff like that i want to be a photographer . i think anyone can get along with any type . it all depends on how well the person has developed their personality . if poorly developed , their personality flaws may take the spotlight . if well ... from the portrait of an enfp their enthusiasm lends them the ability to inspire and motivate others , more so than we see in other types . they have an exceptional ability to intuitively ... if each of the sixteen mbti types had a single super-power , what would it be ? here are my ideas : istj : juggernaut - super strength and endurance , nearly impossible to stop . isfj : telepathy ... i'm only 24 yet i'm having a real hard time with choosing a path to take . how can i find something that i enjoy doing and yet make a living off of it ? i can't shake the feeling that the two are ... authenticity : no faking ! integrity : sticks to her beliefs and morals . contemplative : something needs to be going on beneath the surface . playful : must enjoy life , but not be a total clown ... i love this song . one of few songs that gets me teary eyed . : blushed : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uIAFIpZrfGs i experienced this just today . my problems are not the same problems for my friends and family . i find i can see their perspective and offer comfort and advice , but they never understand my ... i'm not sure where my life is leading me . i get the feeling that infp life is about the journey . i am ever reaching for that shining light , that bright ideal that moves me to action . it is an ... creativity is extremely important to me . problem is , i have so many different passions that i can't decide which one to devote my efforts towards . i'm leaning towards writing , but i have done ... i love nature . i always dreamed of having a little house on a grassy hill with a quiet stream running down below . there would be a big willow tree hanging over a part of the stream . i would sit there ... i've had a few days where my mind is dull and i don't daydream . i am not a nice person those days . my daydreams keep me happy and sane . if i stop . . . woe for the earth . i used to hate myself , big time . during my school years especially . but one day i learned about mbti and realized that i wasn't a freak and i was normal for me . finding out that there are lots ... that's a lot like me . especially this part : i had this problem a lot . people thought i didn't care about anyone or anything . i've been called cold , snobbish , even heartless . truth is i do ... that's awesome ! my brother and i used to do that all the time ! i still remember every character we came up with ! '