swirly & spiffy . good answers . i agree with you completely . first of all , thank you for being kind . : wink : 1 . if my friends starts getting close with their friends that is fine with me . i realize that i have friends too and i get close to them also . it ... it rained ... now it's cold ... and windy but one of those cold that feels like knives cold on your skin . sometimes i wish things did not change ... wish they lasted at the point we wanted it to end i have met different types of people here ... to the point that they scare me ... no offense ! :] i don't know ... i understand ... that happened to me for some times ... i think it still does but i am not bothered by it . to me , whatever people say is their opinion . you should not let that shake you in any sort of ... when everyone is talking but you remain quiet ... when you try to find the words to type in this thread ... what genre of movies do you enjoy the most ? drama , comedy , action , romance 2 . when was the last time you went to a movie theatre ? hmm 2 months ago 3 . what was the movie you last watched ? the ... i am an isfj ... so i am into drama and romance ( or chick flick if you say ! ) ... and mostly comedy , but not like superbad which to me wasn't even funny , maybe pineapple express and hangover ... and ... i am sucker for romance ... titanic ! why ? ! ? ! ? ! omgosh ... that movie hits hard . i cried , mostly at the end , where everyone was there and he was there ... i can't even type about it ... it's an great epic movie . hmmm i rather eat a sub : italian bread with jalapeños ( toasted ) teriyaki chicken bell pepper cheese tomatoes more jalapeños lettuce and love . lol my bible and sherlock holmes yo1 i would consider old when you have wrinkles ... so around 80 or 90 . chocolate cake or monkey bread ... mmm mmm good ! i always wanted to make monkey bread . a pet tiger . peanut butter cookies ... i don't like peanut butter but when you are hungry ... you are willing to eat what you abhor . at the beach watching the sunset , peacefully . i would want my beau to be there . i don't even know my best friend personality type . all i know is that she talks a lot , but we mostly are the same ... and she is also a little motivated than i am . :/ hmm i don't think it's sad that someone doesn't have a best friend ... if you have something or someone that you like being with ... go ahead . everyone has their views of what a best friend is . i have a ... as i was reading this , i was disappointed to not have seen isfj's ... so i guess i am going to be the one to have to put my 2 cents in ... isfj : overall when i have a crush ... i stare at ... nope and glad at this moment . trust is definite , i am always questioning the person about certain things and sometimes it's hard to know whether they are lying or not but i do have some clue to it . i hear that . i find guys with broad shoulder attractive too , it's weird ... i guess it is one of those fit physical traits that i find attractive in a guy sometimes . hmm .. back in 2011 , my goal was to sleep early ... didn't accomplish . : yay , new posts ! ! ! wish i had that idea ! lol ... hmmm ... on this day in 2003 , i had my first best friend . to me it was the best feeling ever . :] actions speaks louder than words ... derrrhh ! lol jk ... but seriously , buying people things but only on special occasion like birthday or maybe something they have wanted . but more likely , i just tend ... i am the considerator . if my friend forgot to buy lunch for herself , i buy it for her . i am half and half . i conserve and spend , depending on what is out there on the market . read a good book . it was hungry . is broken ... uh oh spaghettio ! i usually remember the faces more than the names . if i remembered their names , that means i was interested or liked them . atheism isn't an ideology . it's actually something much more amusing and simplistic than that : the rejection of an ideology . an atheist is one who does not believe in ( have faith in ) the concept of ... i tried to believe in god ... really , i did . i even had a religious experience and had myself convinced of god's existence for just over a year . it's just that there's no evidence , and there are no ... wow all these kind of beliefs ... obviously no one is pretty sure of what to believe in . what do i believe ? i am an atheist . that means that i don't believe in god any more than you believe in zeus , shiva , thor , or shamesh . i believe in universal morality . i believe in right and ... to give purpose to our world . as a species , we've always felt the need to understand the things happening around us . for the longest time , our science wasn't up to the task , so we wrote it all off ... that is awesome ! his works winders . i want to fly and touch the sky . life is short , no matter how you live it ... no way out of death . i am an isfj but i am always wanting to get away from home because i have been cooped up there too much . family are always on back without giving as much privacy that i wanted . i don't know what to ... i think he is also attractive . i guess personality wise with his blunt attitude and that he is straightforward when he wants to . plus he looks good ! :] is good-looking a personality ? lol if you mean by patrick jane , then no because it would not make sense . patrick is more of a charmer and smart , and i know that red john is smart but i could not see jane killing innocent people ... b . reith - lonely hearts club how are you today ? okay what are you thinking of right now ? i need to start on the speech how do you feel right now and why ? tired because i need to sleep need to fly ... sit on the moon and look at the star ... when you think it ended it started again . :]