' okay , one last post here then i'll let the thread die . :) so , i decided that since my main motivation for asking the girl out was thinking she was interested in me , i shouldn't proceed any ... honestly , the way i've learned to deal with similar problems is to train my mind to not expect reward for that kind of activity . i know that may sound kind of like training a dog , but our minds left ... in the dating / hanging out with strangers area , i have low self-confidence for sure . never had a self-esteem problem though . a decade ago i couldn't go anywhere by myself and be socially functional ... don't over think it ! sweet means sweet . like so many intelligent people have said in this thread already ; she thinks you're sweet . that could end up meaning any number of things in the future , but ... whoa , had no idea anyone would ever read this thread again ! wasn't going to post this but since people are still reading ... :) actually , i ended straight up asking her to get coffee . i opted for ... hang in there , brother . funny thing about life is that one of its certainties is that we are incapable of reasonable certainty about its future due to us being humans and all that good stuff . things ... i think a lot of us are single because we don't want to be in a relationship more than we want to feel secure ( which is a shame because security is just a mental state ) . it seems that a lot of us , me ... damn , sir ... you took the words right out of my mouth and fancied them up as well . better than well said . i don't mind waiting around on a girl personally , but if i start to feel like she might not be as interested as she seemed then i back off . usually way off . sad times when they were just hesitating ... i used to do the same thing . i usually didn't let us get all the way into a relationship before i scooted though . it's a horrible mess of feelings afterwards and usually i just never spoke to them ... this year i've actually set about changing my future when it comes to relationships . i've been lost for a while now trying to figure out what it is i want to do with my working life , only to realize ... i can't speak for everyone , but i'm a mixture of both . my feels tell me to go get her , but my mind is very cautious , and the two conflict strongly . it could be like linnyya or erterwert said . he ... edit : better song ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tOaWJu8Wuj0 man , look . i'm not gay . you can keep flirting with me if you want , that's fine . just don't want you to think that i'm being polite because i'm interested . i think you're all full of shit and ... hello infj friends ( and anyone else that might be reading this ) ! i'm going to ask this woman out . i have very good reason to believe that she likes me and will say yes , given i don't ask her ... learning how to die means learning how to live . there is no such thing as emptiness or fullness . so giving is receiving , receiving is losing , and losing is giving unintentionally . the more you ... ethanol you're definitely no sociopath sweetheart , i mean it . and you're not antisocial . most humans don't care for a great circle of other humans with much empathy . it's not how most of us are ... tldr ; i am not out of touch ( oblivious to ? ) with my feelings per se , but i've always kept watch over them . sometimes with great alarm and sometimes with amusement . as to how i feel about things ; yeah ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gEzr2gpXO_w http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rv1o6Em9P7I http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KABO3F9IfEw my favorite cover of usahay ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sszDhkX-dQI http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XERfFKkUdew yes ! my mind doesn't perform on command too well . although it's gotten better with age , i've had to learn a few tricks in order to absorb information more effectively . if i focus too hard trying ... you are a type 6 with a 5 wing : the defender your tritype is 6w5 , 9w1 , 4w5 . in enneagram theory , you have one type for how you relate to the world ( either 8 , 9 , or 1 ) , one type for how you ... i got your sarcasm right here , pal . :P hahaha i love that . so good . thank you . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nFl0nlHaWa4 oh my , yes . i will die a lonely man before i settle on something lesser than . * shoots self in foot * it's not even that i'm that picky . there's just a few things that i find really important that ... not to dash your hopes , and i can't speak for all male infjs , but it sounds like he has some problems with himself that he needs to work out and may not be ripe yet . i only say this because i can't ... if you're not sure you're shy , then you're not ! :) hahaha being truly shy has nothing to do self-consciousness , or self-worth , or any of that junk in my experience . it's just that the chemicals in ... i used to feel this way . i understand you , but i also hope things get better for you . it'd be a shame for a good person to be swept under societies rug over some bullshit . for those of you that use a newish dslr , or anyone else that knows about this sort of thing , what filters do you use most , if any ? i thought getting a polarizing filter would be sweet since i've ... makes perfect sense . i usually accept people's friend requests when they request it . haven't been the initiator here so far , but i wouldn't have accepted them if i didn't want to . :) my two closest friends are enfjs . seems like i have a really interesting dynamic with enfjs in general . any other infjs or enfjs notice that ? hmmm , i'm not sure that charisma is something driven by fe in particular . charisma comes in many different flavors . for example , adolf hitler and dr . martin luther king jr were very charismatic . so ... ahhh , yes . i've lost my faith in humanity a few times during my life . the older i get , the harder it is to keep it lost though . i find myself leaning more towards the optimistic realist side of the ... i like movies , but don't consider myself a film buff . beijing bicycle is an interesting movie though . if you like movies and haven't seen it then you should check it out . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RSQI0wBJ_jE can't remember if i saw this one on here : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aP3gzee1cps http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2mdLVFGBFbE left brain 58 % right brain 42 % pretty interesting . a lot of my more in depth descriptions contradict one another . maybe that's not too far from the truth though and ... it's ok , brother . just focus on putting the rest of the puzzle together until you run across that missing piece . wow , kind of surprised that there aren't more mentions of infj / infj being a good match . i really don't see it working out with anyone else , if anyone at all . can't say for sure of course , but i'm ... man , that jealousy stuff is tricky business isn't it ? i'm a pretty emotional guy on the inside , so i know exactly what you mean . but ... it's really not alright to be jealous of another person is it ? ... nope , but i've noticed that only certain people make me yawn . you ever notice that people will sometimes pick up yawns even when they aren't looking at you ? maybe they hear it ? hmm ... ok , i yawned ... among other things ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fQ7uXX9K7Sk http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GNRuWJLIc8c awesome pics as usual . :) added 5 new pics to my flickr thingy , if anyone wants to see them : flickr : nominonphotons ' photostream efromm - are those their headstones or some others you saw while ... that is some good and deep stuff . thank you . :) man , yes . but ... i think , for me , that the trick has been to not succumb to the implied pressures of your environment . you really have to focus on not letting it bother you when it is bothering ... i have a movie to catch ... otherwise i'd go for sure . yeah ... damn , that doesn't cover the rest of from now on ! :P actually i love the nt forums ! i just never post there . hahaha hrmmm . i think it depends on how well you know the person already , right ? if i were going on a date with someone that i asked out , out of the blue , then i might pick something like a movie ... i try to breath and focus on physical things nearby . just sort of recognize that they exist . takes me out of imagination land which , at least for me , is where anxieties seem to hang out . i don't ... '