' they are wonderful . seriously , this is my second enfj crush in a row . arghhh i was just browsing the entj threads casually , minding my own business , but now i have seen that intp dalton.thompson is actually entj ? ! ? ! i really hope he doesn't think that being quiet and avoidant makes me comfortable ; in fact , it really makes me wonder why i'm the only person in the room he doesn't treat like a normal person ... enfjs because i think they balance intp indifference with how much they care about things ... and not in the way an entj would . enfjs care about feelings a lot and stuff i act pretty introverted in the class i share with him ( i'm guessing ? it's hard for me understand introversion as an adverb because i only know of in its noun / adjective forms ) . my close friends ... i'm not in a romantic relationship , but when i think about the people i really love ( 2 people total ) , i would definitely love to talk to them at almost anytime ( almost b / c introversion ) about almost ... he is so quiet in my presence ! i have read the art of speedreading etc . so i really think he is an enfj , but if i based his type off 1 to 1 interaction i would guess intj . is having someone dent ... the enfj is around the same age . hmm ... that's helpful , but he makes eye contact with other people . do you feel more comfortable looking at those you know well ? i think the one i know regards me as boring : why does the enfj i know avoid eye contact with me ? i am prettyyy sure i have not done anything to get on his bad side . he also tends to end conversation at these times when he breaks eye contact . i ... what are your recommendations ? ( just the ones in your original post ? a friend recommended fat , sick , and nearly dead and i watched the first ~ 2 minutes but the cartoons were too outlandish and it ... i feel the same way . i feel jealous when i see intps on here refer how they can only be friends with nts etc . i don't make friends based on who i relate to , i just meld into an acceptable shape for ... i'm not sure what your definition of person is : do you mean sense of self ? in that case go read antonio damasio me too ! due to being super skeptical of pop science ( after reading a book recently about how easy it is to distort neuroscience ) + disliking the layout / format / content of most magazines , a subscription ... 1 . nope . i'm not sure why , but i have an unusually strong sense of self . i can't really put who i am into words or anything , but it's never worried me . 2 . socialization is such a broad process that ... thank you tangosthenes ... ok before i continue , let me just say that i have taken chemistry so i know about the basic form of an atom ( both lewis & quantum models ) . i understand you were just trying to ... do my fellow intps agree with this ? http://inthecapital.streetwise.co/2013/12/03/the-best-presents-to-give-each-myers-briggs-personality/#s_intp-the-thinker_s honestly , i love art supplies ! they ... haziq mir thank you for your reply . i guess what i meant to ask is this : if this is a property that oppositely charged ions possess , then why are there ionic bonds ? does it just have to do with ... i doubt i'll ever get around to watching the latter but at least doctor who's huge fandom makes more sense to me i heavily skimmed through the op's post , which is a pretty good indicator of my opinion on animal treatment : i'm sure that there are reasons i shouldn't eat meat but i'm too lazy / don't care enough ... hmm ... i think it's cool that us intps naturally possess some of these traits but i sort of feel like it's just some dead guy giving me a pat on the back for meeting his ideal personality traits . i ... on one of sparknotes's chemistry review page things * , it states the following : ... [ oppositely charged ] ions are actually repelled at small distances . to explain this observation , remember that ... i'm not sure how others would rate my public speaking skills , but i have no problem with it . i may dread it , but that's usually because i didn't finish the powerpoint / poster / etc . for the presentation ... thank you for all the responses ! rosodude : it's chilling to hear your experiences because i had no idea that other parents could act so similarly ... it's nice to know that i'm not alone :) ... yes ... from me ... many times ... i'm well aware of how dead this thread is , but it makes me laugh because the enfj i know is soo hilarious and has literally joked about a teacher with terminal cancer duh , home , but also church ( gasp ) and bookstores . reading , drawing every once in a blue moon , imagining inventions , idealizing rationalized societies * deep sigh * i have been approached ... nt the dc , after seeing this post ( along with your post on the flirting thread ) , i have concluded that you are a very awesome person i get very good grades because of family pressure ( lots of sjs , overwhelming focus on success ) adhr 26 : i know ! she can be so ... * deep sigh * ... illogical about things . kurdomintt : thank you , but i would like to not get kicked out of my house and then become ostracized by my overwhelmingly feeler family :) i've been listening to the quiet audiobook recently . merry bookmas to you as well , good sir * tips hat * honestly , i don't get it all because : 1 . terrible special effects 2 . terrible special effects 3 . unappealing plotlines 4 . boring characters ( to me at least ) this is what i have decided to do: 1 . i will ask her to make a list of things she wants me to get done in any given day and ask her to not add to it at any time during the day , because it will be ... children begin by loving their parents ; as they grow older they judge them ; sometimes they forgive them . - the picture of dorian gray oour relationship has been like that ever since around ... i have had so many times when i question her stereotypes of people and she just refuses to change her mind that it's not even funny . i've given up on it because it's really hopeless - i mean she even ... 1 . i have sort of asked her before , and she's basically said that my male siblings really should help out more with cleaning but she never guilt trips them over it ( at least less with them than with ... girlinthedark nope , she is never enthusiastic about things that are important to me . she's made it clear that she sees my introversion / lack of interest in esfj things as a phase that i will soon grow ... this has a complicated answer ... basically , my intp-ness kind of prevents me from seeing what she would want to be done . for me , i may wipe down some counters , take out the trash a few times a week , ... i wouldn't have defended myself because that's so subjective . that's like someone yelling in the middle of times square that the apocalypse is coming - no empirical evidence or logical thought ... i don't correct my parents unless they say things i really can't ignore . i don't correct anyone , really ; i usually keep my thoughts to myself , so i don't quite understand where your potentially intp ... aw das cute well just so you know , i am very cool . i'm pretty easy to get along with , have a lot of interests , and basically live on the computer . i don't snatch attention at all-i'm usually simultaneously ... let's talk about a mathematician's lament you guys : http://www.maa.org/sites/default/files/pdf/devlin/LockhartsLament.pdf for the last couple days : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e09EMTgf3o0 i am glad we have reached a consensus that fj parents can rly suk * ignores all humorous , non-depressing posts on this thread * my enfj husband made me pancakes this morning : o i agree with the sentiment of i don't really care , but i need to care somewhat in order to function in society a little ? my mom has said multiple times that she wants to hold me back from going to college because she thinks i forget things too much / am too lazy to be on my own also i have had to use ... my targets and i stare relentlessly at each other until one of us leaves the room '