you don't want to know what i see . upintheskyonlithium i was once on lithium . for about a month and a half . before that i was given an ssri but that flew me through the roof and i had to stop . without going into detail i didn't hit ... alrighty as i was doing laundry today i was struck by the idea of a post human / higher functioning species world and what that means for reincarnation . like a post nuclear world where only bacteria ... rebecca . m i don't have anything constructive to add , but want to thank you . i had a similar mother experience and you've just articulated the fe thing in a way i hadn't been able to / realized . my mom ... i think i appear warm , easy going and relatable to people . my critical voice tells me i am cold , selfish and self absorbed . i've realized that i absorb and reflect people's energy . if positive , i ... wowee zowee ! i think ald 52onmytonguepleas meant that the : mellow : behavior is on their end , not ours . great question . the topic must have triggered them , and here is a space to anonymously throw their bs around while holding up a ba . i can't believe i have to explain this , but your entire argument is ' listen to other people's opinion on whether it was misogyny or not because you're limited by subjectivity . ' ( because it probably ... if you have a bachelors in sociology then i am sure you are aware of the term gaslighting . robert 2928 and troispoint being open to other people's opinions also involves the both of you being open to others . wellsy was kind enough to provide two pieces of excellent information regarding ... . hey no problem . this thread became a free space for people to engage and challenge each other's ideas . i couldn't have hoped for anything more . are you asking what i would exchange for someone to solve my problems ? if so , being infj is difficult at times , but i wouldn't change . i'm more likely to be wary as to why someone would ask ... your argument , if true , suggests misogyny is purely subjective , and the problem lies in the affected individual , pardoning the offending behavior . simplified , you suggest all women overreact . which ... thank you for breaking it down so eloquently . i'm about three pages in to both essays and look forward to finishing them after work . silastar dragging you back into this conversation . sorry bud ... wellsy put the final nail in subjectivity arguments coffin in above post , and i'm too lazy this early in the morning to reiterate . goodnight : hug : to put it shortly , it's not your place to pass judgement on whether anyones experience is misogyny or not . thank you for sharing shea : hug : false . this is your projection . if you knew me as a person you'd know how baseless this assertion in . also in no way did i ignore him , i spoke to him three times over the trip . not sure where you're ... always ! https://www.theguardian.com/world/video/2014/apr/04/everyday-sexism-turn-tables-women-men-video this video is a great take on when women turn the tables , for your viewing pleasure :) yes , so true . the other day i was walking over a bridge and a guy leaned out of his car and said ' hey gorgeous ' then did a thing with his tounge .. why anyone thinks this is acceptable behavior is ... how is this moral stereotyping ? i see where you're coming from with that . the first thing that popped into my head was doubting ones experience , and for me that is a dangerous path to tread . we can only walk down the road so far ... i think the original post was lost in analysis re : my experience . i know what i experienced . i started this thread out of curiosity regarding other female infj experiences . no offense to men ... nor do i , but unfortunately misogyny / misandry exists . how to respond being the question . i like your take on that . if you're trying to point out the obvious , well done . we've been over the fact .. feel free to start a thread concerning women . i don't understand your grammar .. [ / color ] [ / size ] [ / font ] i like your mantra . i have a similar one , a nick cave quote from the song ' far from me ' ; ' .. in a world where everybody fucks everybody else over .. ' which is quite tongue and ... axoioti i find peace with myself in the belief that everything happens for a reason and as it should . mistakes are opportunities to grow , ask forgiveness , being honest with myself and others , to ... stormgirl many good points . i believe misogyny can range from the extremes you described , to subtle manipulation with the aim to change a woman's behavior to fit their comfort zone . in dating , ... yes , that i may have come across as condescending and offensive is a valid point . he certainly responded as though i were being so , only the confusing thing for me was that i was babbling on happily ... yes , i agree it's an inferiority complex . i also have simply shut my mouth , which has caused reactions in those i'm speaking of , who told me i disappear with a book and am too sensitive . i have ... one recent incident : i was at a wine tasting with three people , one was a man i had been dating and was on the trip with . the woman pouring for us mentioned the vineyard used to have bio dynamic ... thats a convoluted question . i believe in equal say between genders , which is the traditional definition . i don't fight for it - nor do i make it a point when speaking to people - for me it's a given ... yes , it's a double bind . i also avoid them and go on to rant to friends . i'm curious of how other infj women respond in the moment . for me , i take note and continue on like nothing happened , ... that's one way to interpret it , except i don't hate men . observing their reaction to me . hoping this thread isn't a rally to defend the emotionally abusive in the world . of course women do this . i'm speaking in the spirit of unwarranted assholery . and yes , self defense mechanism for perceived intimidation . however i believe communication is the ultimate healer . there ... unfortunately i went on a trip with a person who met nearly all your criteria . he blamed my withdrawal from hurt on my sensitivity and told me that i made everything about me , when i was faced with ... lately i've encounter varying degrees of misogyny moreso than i've noticed before . manifesting itself in blatant shut downs ; insecure men unable to hear a woman with an intelligent opinion , to off ... i have a rocky relationship with the only infp i know . we mirror each other and respond in kind when hurt or confused , with a major difference being i talk about it , he doesn't . i see a beautiful ... greenstone sounds like you've taken great steps toward overcoming depression . a big thing to knock off are drugs . marijuana will mess with your emotional regulation and perception of the world . i'm ... anytime :) i seem to remember playing with imaginary friends a lot , though i never referred to them to my parents , or even thought of them as imaginary . they were a given . and a lot safer than playing with my ... you may find some solace in sam harris , richard dawkins and christopher hitchens . youtube any debate , sit back , crack a craft brew , and find comfort in some pure badassery . feel free to pm me to ... you sure you didn't misread intj ? jokes aside , npd is sadistic . infjs may be somewhat elitist , but our empathic / serving nature gives npd a resounding disqualification . in my humble ( superior ) ... never . if they respond in kind i've found someone worth their salt . otherwise it's better to nip things in the bud , eh ? does anyone know where i can find 30-45 minute spanish lessons online ? most of what i find are ' bite size ' snippets and apps , but that won't lead to the kind of fluency i'd like . i'm familiar with ...