' anti - nightcore sounds goood . back into oil with uco . sold off thursday . should bounce back given that oil is trading under 50 and 50 seems to be the magic number . also , summer = good for oil normally . check out seeking alpha for trade ideas . well . since we're on this theme : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_EVKy35L7MM hmmm . going to check out more of goldfrapp , btw . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y6ljFaKRTrI everyone has a different definition of accuracy . what is accurate or factual to one person is bs to another . you're proving my point , mr . entp . any idea you can think about has a mental position . if you can think about a subject , that means that subject must exist somehow as a process in your brain . up 50-60 % overall over the last 3 years . most of the gains this year . took 2 years before starting to figure some things out . managed to stay alive up to this point . by the way , vxx is too damn ... nope , i'm an intx . i literally switch between the modes . they have conversations with one another . memoirs of a stock operator . about jesse livimore . best damned short in existence . another good book you should read about the markets : vagabond ( manga ) about miyamoto musashi . [ but that ... but what i believe in true and objective and everything that you believe in is subjective and false . 1 . perhaps things can exist without people existing . but if no human was around , there would be no human to talk about it . 2 . regarding the issue of whether objects exist without our ... an idea is objective to a person if they become angry or contemptuous if someone challenges them on it . an idea is subjective to a person if they don't become angry or contemptuous if someone ... i didn't say anything about subjectivity or objectivity . my point is simple : 1 . our thoughts come from our brain ( assumption ) . 2 . if this assumption is true , then everything that you believe ... well , yes , your knowledge of math is your opinion . it's a figment of your imagination that you're very confident about , to the point where you would get angry if someone disagreed with you on it . the problem is that both facts and opinions are technically just figments of your imagination . the logic is simple : any thoughts come from your brain . in order to criticize an idea or to ... yeah . same here . working for yourself is a huge benefit of day trading . also : you could always trade > $ 5 dollar stocks . generally safer and you can get the same gains as a penny stock . a fact is just an opinion that you're really confident in . the evidence behind my argument : arguments that devolve into but my point is proved by fact never go anywhere . debate . heard intjs are unusually well represented in that field . matches their personality types perfectly . trade stocks . you'll find a lot of likeminded people on the message boards for traders . intj is over-represented among day traders . you can also compare how you stack against others . oh yes , and before you correct me , i have read : http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/24022-public-service-announcement-five-common-functional-misconceptions.html quote : so what would ... my theory is that people with short emotional memories are going to have very different personalities than people with long emotional memories . i personally cannot remember any of my earlier ... what ? i told everyone very clearly at the very beginning that i have almost no emotional memories . i warned them about it . i wanted to compare how our personalities are different because of ... the goal of this thread was to try to examine the role of emotional experiences and memory in personality development . in the meantime i also wanted to figure out if i had issues . if you do shut ... see ? more abuse . i thought you said you were done in the previous post . no you haven't . the only thing i remember you saying is that there's no point in discussing with someone who doesn't believe in the field of psychology , or something of that sort . it sounds ... but i've been courteous . they're ones who have been insulting me . i've tried to reason with them . look at what they've said . why should i be blamed for it ? i've been called all sorts of ... but kerik , i'm always like this . at least internally . clearly you don't like my personality very much , in which case i'm sorry . but i was trying to reach out to you . and it appears i have failed . is there a trained psychologist or psychiatrist here ? i'd like to talk to them . there's a book i'd like to write . at the least i can provide some interesting insights . we can both mutually benefit ... of course i'm not . there are many others who are just like me . but we are very much in the minority . given the behavior i'm seeing right now from people like you and fumetsu , it sort of makes ... my theory is people who care about emotions are going to have trouble understanding people who don't care about emotions . and vice versa . appears pretty accurate so far , wouldn't you say ? what ... truth . that is how scientists behave . they like it when people question authority . but it won't stop them from ripping me a new one , intellectually . i have empathy . without it i would not have been able to upset others as much as i have . the issue is whether i can remember empathy . in other words i feel empathy towards someone ... and then 30 ... ok . how much of my theory do you understand ? what do you think it is ? which parts do you not like ? should i explain it again ? ( to be honest it's been evolving too . it was an idea , a theory , and ... the 9 hours is just icing on the cake . my emotions reset even faster than that . you're seeing evidence of this right now . emotionally , nothing matters in the long run , to me . which part of this ... why would any scientist censure my behavior ? if anything they'd applaud my behavior ( for daring to question authority ) and then proceed to rip my theory to shreds . that's how science and scientists ... sigh . more implied insults . look , danse : i told everyone what i am : that emotions have no effect on my long-term personality . i haven't lied about that . i'm just trying to show to you what it's ... kerik , i've told you before : my emotional state resets constantly . which part of this sentence did you not understand ? short term emotions have no effect on my long-term personality . i am ... but i'm not the one trying to insult others . you're seeing something you don't like , and now you want to ban me for it ? freedom of speech . granted that there are rules on this forum . but i ... what is your theory then ? i am curious . first you say i might be a narcissist . then you say i am not . you sound just as confused as me . if you have such faith in modern day psychology , try to use ... exactly . that's how westerners will see this . as i've said before : there's a lot of cultural bias in modern day psychology , popular or otherwise . but i can tell you this : in real life most ... good . you're thinking more rationally now . i'm trolling and i'm being sincere . it's complicated and very much not black and white . what i wanted to do was to explore the psychology of ... when someone tries very hard to insult someone and it doesn't stick emotionally ( at all ) , it makes them very angry . this is what i'm seeing right now . am i wrong ? that's your opinion . i've been courteous to those that have been courteous . the rest of it is just me doing a stream of consciousness . you guys have been insulting me a lot more than me ... for some reason people think science is something that's given by fiat . it's really not . scientific theories are changing all the time . a bunch of scientists have a big f-ing debate over whose is ... kerik , you think my theory is shi - . please explain why . kerik , you're contradicting yourself now . first you said i was just some f-ed up person with issues . now you claim i'm a troll . please make up your mind . @ danse i've said repeatedly i'm ... so much anger , and insults , and ad hominem attacks coming from you , kerik . i'm just laughing . as i've said before : you're just proving my point . oh the anger . i love this . i truly love ... so much anger , and insults , and ad hominem attacks coming from you , kerik . i'm just laughing . as i've said before : you're just proving my point . all of whom were trained in the western method . also , i would like to point out that the modern day science of psychology is very , very recent . it's about 150 years old ( will say it started with ... '