' i wrote two poems today a matter of the mind a flaming glow of repressed metallic dreams mentally undone by strike of lightning . a discontent wrestles within me upon the harvest of longings ... not a painting or sculpture or anything but i do write my own music and this is the latest piece i wrote , might be the best thing i've done so far . the picture being used is also mine , so consider me ... i consider myself a social democrat , which is further to the left than a normal democrat ( in the usa ) , but further to the right than socialists and communists of the marxist / leninist variety . i don't ... i'm a social democrat personally , which is basically taming the beast of crony capitalism in order to best serve the will of the people , not just a handful of super-wealthy elites that corrupt our ... here's where i lean on the scale . i apologize for the small images , i can't enlarge them for some reason . i'm very liberal personally . 362146 3621 54 362162 i'm an infj atheist also , i was raised christian , but now i no longer associate myself with organized religion . i am fascinated by mystical things , though at the same time there are a lot of things ... i'm definitely on the more introverted side , so i guess that makes me the intuitive subtype . i definitely do have a more monotone voice and i support making compromises ahead of stretching conflicts ... i lean more towards ni-infj myself it depends for me , but i typically draw from other mediums such as music , movies , and ancient history , sometimes i'd just make it up all together ( like my username for example ) . 1 . favorite genre ? metal , alternative / indie , prog , classical , trip-hop , avant-garde , electronica , shoegaze , etc . i have a leaning towards the first , though i want to keep my tastes as diverse as ... meditations by marcus aurelius ( the gregory hays translation ) . wonderful and insightful work . :) thank you so much ! sorry for the late reply , i just got around to checking pc again . :) here's mine : paranoid : very high more info | forum schizoid : a tranquil solitude upon leather and black i lie gazing at lit screen before me with peaceful eyes i breathe a sigh overlooking the rest i see a palette of color so pure 1 . making weird retorts to myself at stuff i find cheesy or amusing ( like the no cell phone warning at the movies , telling my self thanks captain planet haha ) 2 . singing and talking to myself 3 ... distorted waves of truth calm the raging storms of inner consciousness a blank sea of darkness shrouds the vast wide open of free thought and expression into fallen ruins that lie atop the ... i literally just broke up with my ( ex ) girlfriend today whom i was dating for 6 months . when i first saw her after a couple of months of not seeing one another ( long distance relationship ) , all the ... the crystal pool and the mists of wonder the breaking of dawn approaches the morning settles yonder still an ever-present beginning looming the tears shatter across the sky like glass rain ... i fel like this much of the time . i usually withdraw into my room ( pretty much until the storm in my mind calms ) . talking with other people is often a big hassle when it comes to solving problems , ... the prolonging of perpetuation on a day such as this left without a goodbye kiss the call of duty awaits for all the truest of mates bedazzled by the essence of perpetuation the workers ... i think people in general just feel insecure about anyone that doesn't exactly fit with the crowd and as a result will ostracize that person and place themselves on a high pedestal where they alone ... even though i'm a gen y'er , i still think that z should have its own forum page as well . :) the apathetic descent a lone soul traveling through time confronted by the ways of the living , expressing through the means of mime to a wall of silence louder than bombs . an expression of ... this road before us the departure of our days brings mixed feelings to the heart , what was left in a daze and what was sown into an art . with many laughs and smilies comes many weepings ... here's a quick one i just made up on the spot :) : the hazy mist deliberation upon a willowed sea of sigh , a black , hazy mist caresses you in shadows high , images shattered to pieces appear , ... reserved here's my default facial expression here . :P 76441 i always like to avoid conflicts , they always leave me ill at ease . as a matter of fact , something just happened right now as i'm typing that proves my point . i left a drinking party ( canada day ) on ... i very rarely if ever drink alcohol . i've only had alcoholic drinks whenever socializing with people , but i would never binge-drink my way through 10 bottles of beer or anything . i've never even ... it happens time and time again for me , though i would not be dumb enough to carry them out , considering they are quite morbid and dark visions that are reserved for those who have especially pissed ... i usually choose not to criticize other people ( roommates for example ) and demand anything from them ( even though i would often feel the need to ) , because i almost often feel like that person will ... i think the same way , although i guess it depends on where the compliment is coming from . if it's someone that i thought didn't really know me or like me , i would feel the exact same way . if it's ... i can get a little messy sometimes , but if i'm living with someone , i will always leave my stuff to my side of the room . i'm not an absolute slob , but i do sometimes just put my stuff down wherever ... i get this a lot too . just today i was just walking through china and i just told an interesting story about something that occurred , and my roommate told me to be careful , and that you should be on ... - irrelevant things or subjects ( going to favorite band's facebook page to check out fan photos , and i see a ton of photos of random mexican family ) . - being called kid or buddy , including while ... i definitely had thoughts about suicide when i was younger but i'm not the one who would really go through with it , since there is still a lot out there in the world to see , and i might as well ... i never like smiling for photos unless i'm being forced to or whatever . i hate the way i smile and i much prefer just a slight grin to at least express my happiness , but not exposing my big dopey ... now that i think about it , i think i'm probably a 6w5 . i'm a creative writing major at chapman university . :) i really like roger waters ' work with pink floyd , however i would definitely vote for morrissey overall . i didn't even know he was an infj , i heard form another source he was an infp , but i'll take ... here's a joke i just came up with on facebook regarding if metallica's albums were all people and what their behaviors were like : the first five albums are all living out of the house , with ... i tend to have a pretty awkward , contradictory , twisted , and dark sense of humor much of the time . i laugh at things that are not supposed to be funny , the sheer stupidity of a failed joke , bad ... im pretty sure im a 6w5 , but i feel like i am highly influenced by 4 as well . it's harder for me to tell than the mbit . im not too sure what i am really , i took a few tests and i've been typed as 5w6 , 6 , and 6w5 . i think i might be the latter , i do tend to have a more dry , deadpan expression than most other people :P . some of the bands i love are : katatonia ( my all-time fave ) opeth tool blind guardian iron maiden genesis seal alan parsons project i never really enjoy receiving excessive amounts of praise for something , because people are putting me in the spotlight , when i don't want to be , and crediting me more even when i believe i don't ... i tend to get stung really bad by criticism , including constructive criticism ( depending on the nature of it ) . if it's blunt , harsh , or searing in anyway , especially from someone i don't know , that ... i got infp , even though i'm really infj . i am personally a big metal fan , though i love other genres such as progressive rock , alternative , and trip-hop . i think you maybe right , he seems like an intp to me . :) '