' in all honesty , it's probably because right now i feel depressed . overthinking and over analysing something that i couldn't have changed and my ultimate decision would have caused a major problem if ... it's probably because i not long ago broke up with a girl i fell in love with ( rather fast , never felt anything like it ) . but i'm starting to go back to normal now . who knew i'd get so emotional ! ? b ) stop worrying about things that don't need to be worried about . be able to read people better , their emotions , their thought patterns and such . i get anxious about events that haven't happened ... 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... leave them free range ? ? as in , let them contact you ? i'm lost : we never actually argued one from what i remember . we had a few very small disagreements but we pretty much both agreed on everything . i mean , we both liked the same flavour gum for crying out loud ! ... dargh ! i'm confused to hell about this one . anybody have any insights ? right now i'm just like , but the personality tests say x and i'ts not working :@ hi there fellow intj . just a word of warning , we're all sarcastic here . rule # 1 . don't get drunk and expect people to not take advantage , not everybody is nice . rule # 2 . if either party are beyond it / drunk to excessive amount .. it doesn't take a genius to know it's ... thanks all . we do indeed have a very strong emotional connection , i love how she's always smiling and i really like her laugh :) i do tell her to calm down , but i let her say what she has to and i ... just as the title says .. any tips ? if i buy something somebody , it's because i value them for who they are . nobody will get anything from me without showing me they deserve it first . genuinely though , where is the dating section ? seems like madness not to have one : o thanks all , i appreciate the honest responses . it's good to know about face-to-face contact as i'm more comfortable with that myself . :D i did date a girl recently that i got on super well with . had that spark straight away which is uber rare for me . however , she's battling a broken heart and she's not ready to date so kinda missed ... hi all you lovely enfp people quick question ; what makes you interested in intj's ? i'm curious as to what it is that we do that you don't see in other types . do you prefer to do this inperson , ... nope , i don't really do just because and religion is like geology is to sheldon cooper , who coincidentally calls them the rock people . :P some good suggestions . religion though ? i'm not religious at all . i'd find that pretty scary if i'm honest . maybe meetup would work ? 1 . tension ? as in having to drive to the other side of the country , girls playing mind games or physical conflict ? one of the strongest has to be breaking up with a girl i went out with for a few ... i wish there were places in my local town but it's pretty small and doesn't have many places that you can relax in . kinda sucks . i need to find a place , i've been thinking about it a lot over the ... perhapse this question was better suited for a feely sub-forum rather than the intj one . i should have expected top-level sarcasm :P i keep the abdullahs in the basement so she can't stay there . why do i suspect you have a degree in psychlogy ? :P hmmm . most i enjoy though don't have females in or are not really local . maybe that's me being introverted idk .. fire away , as long as ... 1 . is more of an ambiguous question , for example , i'm after peoples experience rather than a thought process . i'm open to non-intj answers here too , being one , i'm after outside views . 4 . i'm ... hi all hoping that there are some people out there that can say done that and give me some solid factual advice from their own life . i'll give you a little background first then ask ... i'm just surprised people actually took an interest , usually i talk to myself :) you say : as much as i'm enjoying our talks , i can't help but think this is leading somewhere . are you after friendship or are you after something more ? unless you're really blunt : are you ... curious . intj , cancer .. maybe i should just avoid myself ? i'm pretty good at that . it's actually rather nice to know that people think of you , it just means to get to this level you have to open your eyes and reciprocate when people are attempting to know you . takes no effort ... polyphia : memory very true . imho , i disassociate myself with people that push me to this point , unless there is a long standing relationship of some kind , in which case i'll usually try and smother some words in ... depends how progressed it is really , but generally : never-ending thoughts that spiral out of control and make us even further unhappy . waste hours just staring and being , not doing anything ... he used to have a unique warmness to him .. not many actors have that .. that is very productive ! ayoungwarthog how old are you ? ( i ask because i may offer a better insight ) i've had my fair share of shit from girls .. and guys for that matter .. but girls will always fuck us intj's up more ... thank you olias that was a very insightful and helpful reply ! as it stands at the moment we are still talking to each other via text , even though it's slown down dramatically .. almost overnight we ... ... sundays ( sundaes ) ... :-p if she truly is reading me that way ( and she would have to be very good at reading me as i give nothing away ) then i guess she needs to determine herself if she ' happy with me . i can't change who i ... it's a very long spoon ? i can eat days of the calendar with it :-) no idea . from what you've put though i'd say i'm a water > earth ? i'm available for banter .. be warned i have a spoon ! ! i'm lost .. i haven't heard half of what she is into and she doesn't know anything yet of what i'm into , so ... : - o i love how the type 5w6 have a very similar outlook on it as i do .. although i do have an overly exaggerated fear of getting a girl pregnant ! not exactly confident treating girls as objects , but i'll take a look at pua ! yep . then you look like an idiot .. ironic since they're the ones that didn't get it haha i'm guessing the banter part is important in all relationship areas . generally though i say something too witty and it goes over peoples heads . puzzles me how they just don't get it .. ^ __ ^ haha , very true .. you must enjoy it a lot . well , i think it's more of a symbiotic thing .. i'm after some information and you get a free coffee . ( and possibly a bit of banter ) ;-p ^ insightful information to consider there impavidus looks like you stepped on a pin though ! that wasn't my intention . ^ it's a shame i never put myself in real life situations to do this though ! : - interesting that you just get what i meant .. lots of people i approach are like : whaaattt ? ? ? lol i'm dating an esfj , and she's come to the conclusion that because we don't have much in common , she's not sure if it will work out .. i've known her 2-4 weeks .. why would she think like that i ... '