' beige , colourless grey , and some oranges i wondered if scott may be an esfp . he'd make an awesome friend ! i was puzzled about what gaz might be . if your typing's correct maybe i'm not familiar enough with the ways of the entj why-aye ! ! ! when i drink coffee , it feels like birds are singing in my head ! i love that feeling :D just even the first sip of coffee stimulates me . i can totally see charlotte being enfp too . ooh , that's probably why she's my favourite one on the show , coz she's probs the same type ! :D i could see sophie being a j ambivert ntuitive thinker introvert sensor extrovert mbti introvert thinker hunger games : catching fire . that was on new years eve . now airplane is on :D a total health binge soup : curry powder , cocoa , mixed herbs , vegetable juice , olive oil , chopped banana , diced dates , and bran . type away ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S_OyF4t4lho austin powers ! he's awesome :D i dunt thunk i nudd tuh say wutt muvies huzz frum . my life feels like a blockbuster film aboriginal music http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dFGvNxBqYFI teenage jesus and the jerks - my eyes http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2sXbozZhSMw jefferson airplane http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmswEvWqMjA alice cooper - ballad of dwight fry http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bVPFpvQWbKU run dmc - it's tricky http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l-O5IHVhWj0 come on eileen http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oc-P8oDuS0Q frank zappa - florentine pogen i went through a phase where i played it . i probably wouldn't be able to be bothered playing it anymore though . i beat the computer once :p http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ej1zMxbhOO0 yeah ! down with big corporations ! ( i'm actually being serious here ) lol ! what happened to ya , man ? you devolved ! wassup withat ? ! pokemonz foreverz ! ! ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DtM89QYl8pc well ... uh , lemme sea . they've been several mass murders , the first resulted from a war between the japanese and the americans which lasted 12 split seconds and an extended moment divided by 0.5 , ... thanks for posting everyone ! all of your ip addresses have been collected and you will all be arrested tomorrow morning :) a pear , 110 grams of brie , vegetable juice and a real nice mandarin . yes ! ! ! i live in wellington , new zealuuund . any others that live there , we should hang out ! that would be awesome hee hee fish poem the fish had a tyrannosaurus rex complex it could not be a monstrous beast , a tyrant of the east but as time passed by and the fish grew wiser he was just glad he wasn't an appetizer ... as i walk through the kitchen in the temple beth ( el ! ) i take a look at my cup and realise there's somethin ' left ( el ! ) ' coz i've been sippin ' and steepin ' so long that even my momma thinks that ... what a stupid idea for a thread ! no , i don't live in a fucking tree ! this lovely ass album : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g1klpKy_3hY yeah ! ! ! do you live in a tree ? ahoy , my fellow living things ! sometimes i make music and i thought i'd post a link to it , just because . i like making music that's different from most music that's out there . sometimes it's ... the rhymes that i spit are so legit yo think yo can best me , yo best quit shit ! i'll send yo in a coma make you cry for yo mama why dontcha retire ? i'm the lyrical pimp with blood made of fire ... you should try laughing yoga . i did it before and it was awesome as ! i think i might go again sometime . that will really give you that emotional high . ooh , to go overseas ! 86268 macbeth , the 1997 movie version nope . usually a few years younger , the same age or a year older . there ' ave been exceptions , but they were exceptions . clerk in my opinion , pride is good ! be as proud as you wish to be . also , life's too short for regrets ! it feels so good to move on , not dwelling on anything any further . so much happiness can be gained ... i liked it lots ! i haven't got anything on soundcloud , just last.fm humans are inherently good at holding things in their hands and inherently bad at swimming at the speed of sound . esfp , because i knew a shazza and she was estp . the syllable ' ette ' is totally f , so esfp . i jest , sir , for i post in spaaam ! ! ! as i am its king , the toilet ( porcelainious poopetous ) is my throne . aaaaaa ... p . s . ouch ! ! ! : frustrating :: blushed :: crying :: bored :: confused :: shocked :: frustrating :: blushed :: bored :: crying : you stop it by joining circles of people that worship celebrities , become extremely good friends with them all and then convert as many as possible to jehovah witnesses . problem solved ! we did this one in an enfp group on facebook and i got cali , but idk , i think i'd prefer new york , new york , the city that never sleeps ! those are awesome . i completely forgot to do some , and halloween's over soon in the souther hemisphere , which is where i live . i was just gonna do some jack-o-lanterns ' cause i've never done that ... french . i really really really wanna go there ! i found some info on it from this down here : date palm - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia wait , let me consult the magic frog first . oh magic frog of magic , do your magic crap . dippitty-hoop-bloo . magic froggitty tog-a-pwog , i love you ! yes i do , magic froggy-goo ! the magic magic magic ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMzIBNlXLwc oh no , my horse was too tight for my alligator night ああいや 、 私の馬はきつすぎる私のワニの夜 oh no , my horses at night too tight my crocodile ああいや 、 あまりにもタイトな夜に私の馬私ワニ oh no , too tight at night my horse my ... wow ! my mother has that and she's only one letter off your typing . she's isfj . so weird . '