' 718977 as an infj : romantically or platonically , i fall like a ton of bricks , if i fall at all ; and the intensity is too much for most . but the ones who make it through the initial firestorm are there ... is everything everything , or is every each-thing only itself ? ( actually , i've long since decided this one , but i still think about it ... ) sorry to hear that ! i've had both situations happen to me ... which disappears : the feelings or the persons ? oh , man--i just had a thought . imagine if enfps and infjs had a joint conclave--an entire convention hall filled with nothing but enfps and infjs meeting and greeting ! ! ! the energy produced could ... spirit , sincerity , dedication , sophistication , empathy , courage , light-heartedness , curiosity , ability , humility . the conclave date is determined by a secret committee at the infj grand chancellery , and only distributed to the membership 24 hours before the event . all that stuff about infjs having to have alone ... you beat me to it ! it's a special contact lens which they hand out at our annual infj conclave . it filters out everything but enfps , and facilitates the power of a special internal passion ray that is part of our ... there is something of pressing importance which , to my amazement , i cannot find has ever been properly addressed here at perc . this is a question which , oddly , has not been investigated in ... hmm . maybe we need a graduated set of enfps , from vaguely enfp to supreme ultra enfp , to conduct a test with you . hey , enfps , any volunteers ? when applying , please state your certificated ... what i don't get is : why don't other specific mirroring personality pairs have something analogous ? why the unique magic for infj / enfp ( not that i'm complaining ! ) ? this has come up over at the enfp campground , and the fine observation was made that the infj / enfp relationship is like that of a mouse and cheese in which both parties are both the mouse and the ... yes , i agree , it's good to do this first , especially because if you didn't , you'd always wonder if you would have had an improved outcome ( mega sales ) with the traditionals . the big problem with ... well , i'm just going to bask in this for a while . it should make me completely insufferable by the end of the day . i mean , even more so than usual ... someone told them to dial it up , and they misunderstood . when i'm with an enfp , for sure i loosen the shackles of infjdom to a good degree ; but , perhaps surprisingly , enfp influence on me is even more overwhelming when the enfp is not immediately present : ... well , that just means i have to get busy . ok , who's next ? it's when others realize this about you enfps that any relationship with y'all gets its traction . the ones who think it's all just bubbly time don't get it . but you knew that ! that's very interesting . i hadn't heard that before . people are always saying that i am [ too ] intense . hmmm . . . [ scratches head , pondering the situation ] . . . my place . please do not disturb . when did you have your first relationship ( < 20 , 20-25 , 26-30 , > 30 ) ? < 20 what do you look for in a partner ? passion , comprehension , equity , reciprocation , responsibility is it difficult ... that's very poignant . thank you . yes , that's about how it is . : sad : the only way i can deal with it is to do what i can to make the 2 steps forward extra-giant steps , hoping that the back another 5 steps are baby steps ...   ... luna de miel ( honeymoon ) , 1959 , spain . newlyweds honeymoon in spain , she being a former ballerina . she's tempted to stray by a spanish dancer . beautiful scenic photography , and ( naturally ) lots of ... traditional publishing is best if your material has some assurance of being a good seller . once you've delivered the corrected proofs back , your job is pretty much done ; the publisher takes over to ... great , i'll be right over ! ye gods , that would take a novel for each one ! quick views : no . 1 : musician . alternately tender and tempestuous . joined the service . bye ! no . 2 : high school student body president . ... yayyy ! go team infj go ! ! ! no , actually these were all people whom i knew in person , like physical presences in my life . cruel fate sent ' em all away for various reasons , no fault of any of the parties concerned . : violin : i ... actually , yes , despite what i just posted about the long-distance enfps in my past , y'all do stick like glue emotionally , in my experience . even though fate scattered my sos to the winds , the bond ... well , ma'am , lemme put it this way : my first so was an enfp , and is now 2,541 miles away . my second so was an enfp , and is now 5,642 miles away . my third so was an enfp , and is now 5,346 ... part of it is that life now has so many distractions that few go deep enough into a subject to be able to discuss it intelligently , and discussion on a shallow level leads nowhere . part of it is ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oFWi5lpWbR8 ? greek fire no remedy our siphons burst upon ourselves myself in sea of flame burning burning burning now the masts catching burning askew me only on mine wellness i looked into a well . so far below , in a spot of silver a cameo a miniature looking up looking down which was me the reflection , where ? i'm having an infj recharge day 713802 but while they're setting up the equipment , maybe i can take a stab at this . yes , we do do that sometimes , don't we ? sigh . i think we do it when , in ... well , i wear a t-shirt to the gym with a big infj splashed across it ... i like the looks i get . ;-) and how ! you've hit on something intriguing i never thought about before . i wonder if maybe the bafflement is the most important part ... ? being baffled gives us an opportunity to trust outside ... yeah ! [ heart-drawn sigh at its wonderfulness ] one thing which helped me come to terms with enfp ways was to stop thinking bah , this enfp is just out having fun again and start thinking yay , ... yes , absolutely , everything you're saying . i'm fortunately a pretty quick study and had only blown my very first enfp relationship through infj insecurities when suddenly i realized the above . if ... i'm not defending it , because lots of people really should do lots of shutting up ; but what they're doing without consciously realizing it is that they're establishing an environment of ... when i was little ( pre - age 10 ) , i regularly had an eerie ( but not threatening ) dream which had me going through darker and darker smaller and smaller passageways and cubbyholes until i reached a ... when someone criticizes you in what they think is a diplomatic way , but you immediately intuit the entirety of what they mean and resent it down to the profoundest depths of your profoundly deep infj ... i lose my heart very rarely ; but when i do , it's lost totally and quickly . i like all my cards on the table , and am aching to say the l word--and with sincerity , not as a manipulative tool--very ... he's filling you in about himself and his personal likes , because he wants you to know all about him ; but he doesn't want to be in a posture of commenting or taking a stand about himself by answering ... not so much . i tend to get the arguing for the sake of arguing vibe , which rubs me the wrong way . actually , i can answer that , and more or less seriously . the way i keep balanced mentally / emotionally is not to walk down a middle line but to ping-pong my way back and forth between opposites . ... because the real thing is more exciting ? '