' there's no way i would , i'd feel so friggin guilty if i did ! haha .. that's definitely me ! can't say i've ever played wow . i'm not a gamer at all , i have a mega short attention span and get bored of them really easy . however , my twin cousins i believe love it ! both of them met their ... welcome to perc mate , there's a bunch of internationals on here , i'm from australia :) pretty sure you'll love it here .. best place to procrastinate ! yes ! ! ! awesome thread ! my heart and soul goes out to kids exploited around the world , my major focus is on child soldiering . i've been working with an amazing youth based movement called ... haha ... one of us were sure to start one of these threads , you win ! flippin love lights , ahhh that smile , her voice ! this is probably one of my favourite videos of her . ... i discovered that monster make coffee flavoured energy drinks now ! :D cranked a fair bit of atb and chicane today ... got a bunch of study done ! and then i turned my computer on :/ hoom ... wow i love this ! haha , i love ska ... but definitlely not study / concentration worthy ;) when your room is finally tidy , but your assignments are still sitting there ;) yeah i agree , brian eno's music for airports is definitely the music i listen to when i'm trying to sleep . i dig explosions , but in my opinion this will destroy you are even better :) instrumental ... i'd say it's about a 5 % chance of me handing assignments in on time haha ! thanks so much for all your input guys , really appreciated ! i definitely crank my fair share of trance and post-rock too , i'm not the biggest fan of classical , but it looks like i should give it ... i love the album leaf ! i've definitely studied to his stuff the whole time i've been in uni . new albums still growing on me . i flippin love bob marley ! don't know about you guys but i think michael franti is probably also an enfp too :) hey guys , mate , haven't been on this for aages .. but alas ! it's finals time again and i'm procrastinating something crazy . looking for some sweet study tunes / albums you'd recommend that keeps us ... it's all about the ambience 1 . happiness - jónsi & alex ( their whole album even ! ) 2 . my false - matt corby 3 . timshel - mumford & sons 4 . don't let it go to your head - nikki kummerow ... haha ... well mine are : rocks when i'm surfing ... more scared of them than sharks ! and cutting paper , i can't cut straight , even with a guillotine ... yeah weird i know ! heck yes ! i love snowboarding ! been on slopes in australia , new zealand and the usa . went bungee jumping in mexico last year . paintballing half a dozen times and hope to go skydiving at some stage ... treasure the journey - a dear friend of mine who truly lived by this motto . fear isnx 92t only a guide to keep us safe ; itx 92s also a manipulative emotion that can trick us into living a boring ... the best music to wake up to / drive to in the early morning http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ISnM1Kw1khI gearing up for a night on the town or houseparty http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OCcUXEC5 ... i haven't been on here forever and i miss you guys so here's a couple of videos that made me laugh in the last couple days . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VBGwEcqqWxM bbc news - polar bears ... i sound like an 18 year old australian kid on fast forward haha ! sigur rós , the jezabels , moving mountains , the naked & famous , foals , the holidays , jónsi , atb , mumford & sons , pendulum , fitz & the tantrums , strike anywhere , anti flag , psalters , bob marley , the ... yeah happens to me all the time ! it's either that or hey , you remind me of someone any thing with caffeine .. be it coffee / energy drinks . it's the only way i can function in the morning ! sounds like an awesome idea for a thread ! ok here's a few things that have brought a grin to my face the past month or so ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X3iFhLdWjqc bacon or beercan ! that is pretty gross mate ... but then again i did the same thing when all the toilets at uni were locked the other month ! im just glad i used a 1.5 litre bottle instead of a 600ml bottle ... i laughed so hard about the last two .. that's definitely me ! haha : crazy : pretty self explanatory ... correct me if i'm wrong , but us enfp's are masters at procrastinating . i thought this would be a fun thread where we can all share the weird things we've done to ... you can generally tell when its crunch time for assignments / finals ... my room will be spotless ! ( any excuse to procrastinate ! ) yep , that's me ! i actually do pretty well at school , i give myself a tonne of time to work on assignment but i always waste it days on end until the final few hours when i really knuckle down , ... uhh ... well i am currently reading : the communist manifesto , and chrisi-anarchy at the moment : crazy : i was about to make a hyperbole thread , but glad i found this one ! allie brosh cracks me up , i can see myself in all of her posts haha ! i still have bags and bags of stuff in the back of my car i was supposed to drop off at the thrift store months ago ! http://i55.tinypic.com/m6i3c.jpg yep , my handwriting sucks ! when you set yourself a goal of working on your already overdue assignment that is worth 50 % and already a week overdue by working on it in 2 hour increments , but instead waste your time on perc , ... i hear ya ! i have a pretty low self-esteem and doubt myself frequently . being an idealist i often have thoughts around ideal situations and outcomes and get pretty down when they don't happen . i've ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uw3Y84zXLwg this is one of my all time favourite songs and i just discovered today it has an awesome video clip too ! : laughing : ... they're still thinking ! : tongue : omnipresence ! ... it is always my answer for this question ! how rad would it to be everywhere you want to be all at the same time ! ? absolutely ... probably the # 1 thing that would drive me insane and really really really bug me is if someone was to blatantly ignore me . from what i understand , well for me definitely i forgive ... if you guys are keen to check out new bands , i've been running a music blog for the past coupla months . check it out if you'd like :) hey , have you heard this band ? you should check out ladyhawke and the naked & famous then ... both sweet bands from downunder :) to be honest , i'm not much of a lyrics person . being a drummer i really like percussive sounding stuff , and also anything that builds up and up and up and ends in a massive cresendo . anything that ... 1 ) glosoli - sigur rós 2 ) go do - jónsi 3 ) livin ' on a prayer - bon jovi 4 ) hello , hello - the cat empire 5 ) jump in the pool - the friendly fires 6 ) sweet disposition - the temper trap 7 ) ... this changes all the time .. but here goes ! 1 . sigur rós ( always ! ) 2 . bob marley ( always ! ) 3 . bloc party 4 . moving mountains 5 . mumford & sons totally sounds like me tal ! i have a pretty low self-esteem , i'm always doubting myself . that being said though , i think the biggest enemy in myself as many of my friends , even the head lecturer at my college are really ... '