' hi ! i've heard a lot that isfps and enfjs are often great pairs as friends and as mates . do you think this is true , enfjs ? i can see how it would work but i've also been told that estjs and isfps ... bluechristmas 06 art is life , yo ! what a beautiful explaination ... i'm right with you there . everything harmonizes and if it doesn't , it's hard for me . i do all i can to put the harmony back to ... goodthankyou that makes so much sense now that you explain it . i however ... can't really say that i am not my art . i uh ... i know i'm not my art , but ... so much of me spills out into my pictures that ... that last post was a reply for aniareilean . i'm not sure if i replied correctly with the way this forum works :P well ... i dunno ... maybe ? i think that i would know anyone who draws horses and likes animals . i have always been afraid of people thinking i'm weird ... but i dunno that anyone would really say i have a ... internalrealm yeah , i getcha , i thought about it later after it happened and i was willing to admit that i probably shouldn't do that anymore lol . eeeehhh i just always doodled lol and ... ooo * goes to youtube * lol well it's time for me to sign out . have a great night ! hope to see you more in perc ! dlila wow you're complete opposite as me ... i started with animals and had to teach myself to draw humans . i have no clue why this is lol . it must be kind of like imprinting ... when a baby animal is ... godney haha ! don't worry my best friend is an intj ... trust me ... i know the squishy ... trust me ... ! ! ! oh i heard toradora was good ! ! ! yeah i guess i'm more into the shoujo ( but not all ) , action , adventure , and romance genres . i'm a girl after all haha . i love the feels animes ... the ones that i can really get into . thanks for the ... sure , i'd love to explain it , without fear . it certainly doesn't happen all on it's own , and here is just one area for example . i've learned to think truth ... truth instead of feelings . it says in ... greetings intj ! welcome to this forum ! feel free to bring your coffee and sit in the rain ! :D ooo you're asking me for the list ... lol well so far ... i am a bleach fan ... i've seen most of the popular ones except fairy tail , naruto , pokemon , and one piece . i am a fan of karneval , free ! ... welcome to the forum ! ! ! and thanks for saying sherlock is an intp ... everyone calls him an intj but ... those of us should know betterz ! hey godney ! isfp ... anime ... night owl ... ( me ) we can be friends for sure ! ! ! welcome ! i did paint that picture and then digitally enhanced it on my phone . :) thanks ! goodthankyou - aw , an isfp infj couple ! how sweet ! really ... i had my eye on a male infj once but ... when i told him my ... alright ... have to ask it ! answer all or whichever you like ! 1 . what types of people do you find most interesting and why ? 2 . what do you look for in a potential mate ? 3 . what types have you ... please don't attack me for posting about religion ... i call myself a christian , and being a christian is all about growing personally . in my experiences , the bible has all a person needs to advance ... hello isfps it's me again ! :) i don't really have a question this time : it's more like i'm just starting a discussion . one of you mentioned that art is like an extension of an isfp . i believe this ... this thread cracked me up . yes ferroequinoligist you're a very insightful and thoughtful person ! inspiring indeed :) cat fell asleep in my arms ! hes so freaking adorable bucketlist : well it's not quite a bucketlist ... more like a jumbled scramble of things i'd love to do but probably won't happen . 1 . become a good horseback rider and maybe win some shows / rodeo ... sidewinder - pilots license yes ! ! ! thanks everyone for the thoughts . it's so good to hear from people who get it . i know one other isfp and she lives far away ... so it's good to know i'm not the only one . i agree it's the fi .  ... greetings , my fellow isfps ... as an isfp i've always wondered why it's so incredibly hard to receive criticism . i know that constructive criticism is a great thing ... but when it comes from someone ... this is a difficult one . i feel most comfortable with other isfps , infjs , and i really feel most at home with enfjs . my best friends are isfp and intj , surprisingly . the intj was really hard for me ... my biggest peeves are : 1 ) people who are inconsiderate 2 ) people who don't want to grow up 3 ) being lectured ( or judged in any way shape of form ) in public ( ie when there's more than me and the ... thanks so much guys ! it's been a while since my last posts and i have spent a lot of time thinking about things ... i hope this doesn't sound incredibly horrible or disloyal ( we weren't really even ... fairy bread lol this infj was no a * * hole , though . he is still a great friend of mine . it wasn't his fault that i waited for so long . i should have told him sooner . but it's alright , we weren't meant ... thanks for your further thoughts . it's really interesting ... when i first started to have an attraction for this istj , i was thinking literally the same things . over this past year , as an ... the more you guys tell me the more questions i have . i hope you don't mind . so ... istj guy and i hardly know each other at all , despite having gone to the same college and working the same job . right ... selinda aw thanks for the hopeful comments . :) well ... so today i wrote him a short encouraging note ( we work at the same place ) and left it on his desk . it basically just said that his hard work ... what an unfortunate situation . i'm so sorry to hear about that . it sounds like there is a lot of stuff going on in her life that you might not know about ... and she sounds like an extremely immature ... when i first got into the meyers briggs stuff i originally thought i'd never get along with istjs since i have a difficulty with estjs . well ya'll are vastly different from them . i had an online ... bam . wow . i wish i could write something that indepth about myself . it may have answered my questions about compatibility . now to just hope i don't wish too hard for a devoted love like that ... only ... hhhm i've gotten eye contact like that ( it surprised me and is kinda unnerving because it came on pretty suddenly . he used to ignore me ) , and being flirted at has never been anything i'm that ... hello istjs ! i am a female isfp and i admit that i have my eye on an istj guy right now . here are two questions . : shocked : 1 . what does it look like when an istj is interested in someone ? 2 ... my best friend is an intj female . when she first started to open up to me i got really annoyed and even offended because of her bluntness and touchiness , but then once she explained to me that she ... oh hahaha ! gotcha ! tricky one , aren't you ... lol ferroequinologist thanks ! it was a good read , and yeah ... that article describes my dark side rather well ! and i have a question about your user name ... does it possibly have anything to do with ... coburn oh wow , you actually got expelled from preschools ? yikes ! i was almost that bad in kindergarten , but for other reasons , lol . when you mentioned the kinesthetic-oriented schools , it ... brian 1 , not really ... i admit i was trying to type a two year old , but i think that .. even though it sounds stupid to type a 2 year old , i can see that each and every kid is different . i've noticed ... eeeehhh ... well i guess i have really given myself the title of crazy person on this forum , haha . yeah , i did say it , after all , didn't i . this'll be a hard one to live down . ( as an isfp i did ... i feel the same way ! recently my mom's been in the hospital , and my dad is a bum most of the time , and i've had no help around my house ... i'm also starting at a new college next week and having ... call me crazy for trying to type a 2 year old , but ... i'm pretty certain one of the kids i babysit for is an estj . how does one properly discipline and teach this type ? bear with me here , my question ... i don't know many estjs ( i know ... 1 maybe ? ) , but from what i've read , they are very capable of being very romantic , and once they are totally committed to a relationship , they'll do anything to keep ... unbelievably lazy ... if it can wait , why do it now ? and please dont give me reasons , cause they will just stress me out lol interesting ! i'm actually a 4w5 isfp . i wonder if that makes a difference ... the enneagram ... i should look more into that . anyway , when i'm at work ( i work at daycare ) i think i can be an enfj too ... i don't know if it's just me or another part of being an isfp , but sometimes i find my personality morphing into different types , especially when i'm around certain people . and no , i do not have any ... ah , i admit , estjs can be frightening . i don't mean this as an offense . i say it purely as an isfp spoken from my perspective . i've worked with an estj before and yah it was kinda rough at ... '