' 4 , 22 , 31 , 34 , 37 , 42 , 54 , 64 , 72 , 84 17 is the worst number ever and i am crazy http://i172.photobucket.com/albums/w34/bored1492/deskpot-1.png basically , it's these two combined . the infps i have known are articulate , but often carry their subjective opinions with such an air of certainty that it makes them seem stuck in a certain mindset . ... they can be very dumb , but speak as if they're intelligent . do you believe in destiny ? no , not really . do you enjoy flirting for its own sake ? / vomit does analyzing complex things give you pleasure just for the sake of the act of analyzing ? yup . ... what color is intj's socks ? white , always white . how do intj's take a shower ? soap on chest , then back , then legs , then nether regions , then feet . shampoo , get lost in thought , rinse , get lost ... these . the more stressed i become , the more superstitious i become . i tend to start cleaning or doing something mindless , also . i'll also become more distant , usually . hsn is awesome qvc is its inferior and odd counterpart watching those shows is funny for a bit , i get to make fun of the women there . i could stand watching it if they were selling something cool ... what is your hobby or passion ? i'd describe my hobbies as a trinity of sorts : guitar , paintball , videogames . is it something that will benefit the human race ? maybe someone will hear a tune ... i've been conditioned by my hispanic upbringing to be completely fine with hugs and other physical affection . however , when i was younger and just being exposed to it , it was terrible . i'd ... there are multiple men i know who are in the men i would fuck if they were women category . edit : also , * weird . i prefer you guys when you're nice . stay nice . youtube - crudbump : fuck you if you don't like christmas no , but this forum lacks a proper smilie to express what i wanted to point is i also live in florida most of the time anyways , i go to college in alabama exactly this , except add the possibilities of oregon and italy also . sooo ... you live in florida ? : laughing : to be perfectly clear , i was referencing the cheveyo-skycloud debate ( sounds grand ) i can't explain in words what that argument did to me i value the emotions of family and close friends enough to slow me down when making decisions - i often feel that i have to try and balance others ' needs and it can be very stressful ( i prefer being ... reading that debate brought me a few years closer to death i didn't ask if anyone was enthusiastic about being sick . i asked how they felt about it . one can feel any number of ways : apathetic angry confident disappointed tired disoriented the ... how do you guys feel about being sick ? personally , i really abhor being sick . i feel it's probably one of the biggest wastes of my time , as i can almost never do any good work when i'm sick . i ... you sure gave up quickly there . 11 views ain't that much . are you by any chance ... emotionally compromised ? dancing . dancing and bullets . i don't see how it's awful - it's not like they're my girlfriends or anything . i don't have to be all lovey-dovey for them and that's great to me . but yes be careful around intjs anyways we're ... nothing . or more truthfully , when somebody mentions that the situation is awkward . i usually avoid these types of people as much as possible . depending on their level of closeness to me ( family ) , i may express my distaste with their style of thought more often . but when dealing ... * used 20 times : tom * used 19 times : fuck * used 17 times : also * used 16 times : fucking * used 15 times : time * used 12 times : shit * used 10 times : auburn * used ... to be honest , people will very , very rarely make changes from an argument . it's usually a waste of energy to try and say , look at it this way , to somebody . of course , there are certain types of ... two enfp fuckbuddies . it's pretty awesome . they're always asking me questions and it can be fun to answer . they're not particularly smart or anything but they can be pretty random . it's not some ... i tried to eat pistachios also , but they were more expensive , and it was easier to pinch my tongue or lips on them when trying to bust open a particularly difficult one , so i stopped . D: i eat way too god damn much . though i burn calories extremely fast ( i swear i have a higher body temperature because of it ) . i'll often have cravings for certain types of food : fats , sugars , ... jd : infj turk : esfp carla : enfj elliott reid : esfj perry : entp or intj bob kelso : istj now that he's dead , what type do you think he was ? to be honest , i find it very difficult to guess his type . if i had to take a shot in the dark , i'd say enfj . youtube - julian casablancas - tourist with lyrics this . rts games frustrate me due to their pacing , and how you can't really think up creative strategies - you just have to click very quickly . i absolutely love games like advance wars and fire ... pretty much this . all of these combined , or if any one of them really stand out , and i'll love a song . a vocalist can make or break a song for me . lyrics can be nonsensical - i dislike recordings ... this isn't to say that i just blindly believed what the article said . all three typings fit with my observations . to me , obama seems like a very matured enfp , while clinton definitely seems estj ... i trust this article more than a bunch of people on a forum trying to type a person by their tv personalities . they could just as easily be wearing a mask as they could be acting their true ... ^ ^ ^ i believe i just provided proof that he is not enfj . i mean the article can only be so wrong . something that i've seen over the couple of years i've known mbti is that i have had a very high tendency to simply clash with the infjs i have encountered . well , in a certain way . on a ... what psychological personality tests reveal about clinton , obama , and mccain . - by emily yoffe - slate magazine enfp coming back to this 12 years later : extraverted sensing ( se ) * * * ( 25.2 ) average useintroverted sensing ( si ) * * * ( 30.2 ) good ... very rarely am i impressed . if i am , it's almost always by other intuitives , and it's often times another intj . i have met an enfp who never ceased to impress me , however . of the few entps i've met , alot of them seem ... stupid . i have a close entp friend , and while he's not too terrible to be around with , whenever i bring him around my other friends , they comment ... difficult to understand at times . alot of enfps seem to have problems getting what they want to say across clearly , and i end up having to decipher what they're trying to say . it can get very ... jesus christ do you bring that list with you to dates also it's easy enough to ignore people's drivel on fb . i find it entertaining to make jokes on there , and make fun of people - it also keeps me connected to my friends back home . i don't seem to hate it ... irreversible novelty train journey someone care to make sense of that quadruple post wooo 1 . i can run surprisingly fast . 2 . i'm attending school at auburn university as a biochem major . i'm a freshman . 3 . my father is an infj , my mother is an esfp . i have a step father who is istp , and ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PEbb621s_GI '