' yes , infp's are difficult to understand , they seem to have their own emotional and feeling world almost impenetrable to the outside world ... it's that fi , rar ! yeah it'll become obvious because ... i've had a whole heap of people from the office tested via myer briggs , i generally typed accurately apart from a few more e's then i expected , however they only resulted as 1 % in favor of e then i ... hi all , i'm an entp , i have done the myer briggs so many times and often enough ( 99.9 % of the time ) i get the result entp , once i got infp , but the questions were a bit weird and didn't really fit ... yes , i flirt alot , i enjoy more the non-traditional ' making them nervous and confused flirting on more sweeter types , well all types ' . i like to play a fairly androgynous role when i flirt , pulling ... i don't know , i disagree , i'm highly illogical in that often i stop and look at what i'm doing and realizing there's no logic in what i'm doing at all . for example , often in the morning i don't plan ... yeah i suppose , i ponder this and perceive sensing to focus on the process and what's the ' then and there of what's happening at the time ' , meanwhile intuition focuses on the underlining principle or ... maybe sensors just don't believe in principles but morbid over-generalizations ... i don't feel n has anything do with logical , i feel that's probably more an s , t or j trait ... yes , i get it alot from sensors , and only sensor's , generally the lazier they are the more likely they are when the tangent becomes too specific in something they've never about and too proud to ... estj , natural enemy of all i think . lol , but yes enemy of entp due to the black whites of their existence and need to live to a tight standard , roar ! i have a friend whom i suspect is an intp , he's open to new possibilities , can make spontaneous decisions , ' the amount of times i've called him up on his birthday or other special occasions and he's ... i've always been curious at conceptualizing and explaining how intp's and entp's differ in social settings and appearances , in my laziness i've wondered if intp's were just shy entp's but that can't ... how do you find you fair with the preferred sex or sexes ? what benefits or fall backs do you find being an entp presents in your romantic pursuits ? as an entp do you ever wonder if in a paradoxical sense you actually love rules because they give you something to seek to defy and charge against ? : crazy : wow , you're so interesting , i never thought of that oh dear that person seems so sure of themselves surely they know what they're talking about i'd rather a dud root with an intellectual ... i suspect my favorite uncle is an estp , i find him good natured , genuine , open to new possibilities , however , a little blind and unable to see the bigger picture and consequences or the ' how are you ... a barbed net and chloroform . your meant to be studying but busy watching becker repeats and sitting on here . as most entp would know their natural partners are the elusive infj and the infamous intj , but who do you believe are the natural enemies of the entp ? hi , welcome welcome , ha , so infj intimate with an intj , being an entp that's kinda appealing since both are my ' matches ' . yes , i understand the oranges bit , i think of it more as starting off on opposites ends of the topics and slowly and painfully reaching the middle after much arguing about assumptive arguments , ... i agree . what's your take on the functions ? si fe ti ne & ne ti fe si , are technically opposites , i believe it depends on subjective , yet realistic interpretation of opposite , i think entp / istj are ... ... and grasp onto familiarity for deal life ! while i agree with that , and feel everyone is a learning experience and a good opportunity to relate to them as well as myself , however i kinda miss the days when people seems to be ' more on my ... well , my rebuttal is if he was more n , he'd evidently be my perfect match . sometimes i can see that n sparkle , though the n vs s back and forth of misinterpretations is pain like talking french ... oh thank you , he showed me a good time , i really learned from him that being at 20 + you really can still find people interesting . look at me , look at me is probably in his context his sensing feeling , he wants to know those few people he does know and socialize with approve of him and not disapprove of him and there's no ... yes we haven't spoken for a month , i believe we've entered a ' speak off ' to the death i bet he says . weird and eccentric in a less classic sense . yes , i made a post not long ago about my recent dating of an istj , our first date lasted six hours , i was very impressed and i had a lot of fun , he was istj to no surprise of his personality but it ... is this an ej trait ? no , neither ... why ? is it of is # j importance ? i love nietzsche , interesting work , but partly isn't her brilliance in being unfocussed , haphazardous has it's benefits :-) ... oh penises , lol , always a favorite past time . how does she find that ? i bet her mind must wonder on all sorts of things ... yeah , funny you mention it he was always at a friends place swimming in their pool , it was his saturday routine , not sunday as that as a deviation from his routine . lol , that p coming out .. idk about peanut butter , but liked swimming yet hated the beach due to the sand ... : sad : i'm in a four year relationship with an isfj , i'm an entp , i find my isfj to be quite loud , yet not confident , emotional , yet to the point of utmost sensitivity , i experience a unique humanity exists ... it was about three months ago we went on our first date , it lasted six hours and was very fun , more fun then what i've had in ages , i'm an entp , so he got a few shocks . like when i publicly announced ... i've entered . i'm leaving now since i'm bored : wink : sex and love addiction . refer to avatar ... http://personality-testing.info/tests/images/BSRIi.php?M=4.5&F=3.4 is it a coincidence or is looking to be a fairly common entp result ? callisto from xena ? ... yep , i'm a nineties kid . i think how entp's can rabble a little when interesting in something in very intellectual and open way , however , for me it does have it's limits . for me , infp , they're so cute . estp , so fun ... or maybe , just maybe an entp . i'm a gay , entp , most guys find me too ... something . most guys just bore me and i laugh in their faces . you know you're an entp ... you're having the time of your life , and everyone looks at you like you f $ $ $ ed their parents in a goat farm ? poop jokes ... queef jokes , bad haircuts , more e stuff apparently lol oh lay off , it was one of those sunday nights were i was still in sleepy mode from all the saturday night / sunday morning clubbing . i thought it made sense at the time . '