' love is the willingness to always be with someone you can't always necessarily stand being with . it depends on the subject . some things i learn better hands on and others i prefer to read about . man another one lol we'll be sending you on your way to the moon soon , don't worry lol posted via mobile device heh monty hall problem . we discussed that in stat , i didn't like the phrasing that i recieved when given the problem lol posted via mobile device the narcisist award ? posted via mobile device i need to clean my room .. whatever posted via mobile device hello ! on the moon huh ? seems to be a safe place for all them crazy folks .. : laughing : nice name , but really .. 19 digits ? why not 20 ? random .. : angry :: laughing : heh if you want something to laugh at , i'm attempting to teach myself some set theory from a book my math teacher ( who is working on her dissertation ) let me borrow . she said if i understood it then ... i do different things for text , but everything ive made for pc related stuff is glowing . when i get the chance to share some work my various styles will be seen :) posted via mobile device i read the instructional manual for a ti - 84 + calculator at one point ... : shocked : your work is distinctive . everytime you make a new one and i see it i can tell you made it . probably that glow you use for the text or something . or what you choose as the focal point , who knows yes it would . and it is touched on in some statistics classes . but i look forward to discrete math in college ! ive decided on a major in applied mathematics : laughing : my brother , an isfj embodies all these negative qualitites yet none of the positive . is this due to his being a young teen and going through a rough patch in his life or just how he will be forever ? ... interesting .. im sure it will be nice to have you here someone once described me as a blue whale once which i thought was very good . posted via mobile device well most of it is stuff like that that has to do with myself or someone im making stuff for . but im still proud of it . when i get my usb drive back soon ill transfer the pictures ! : laughing : man thats some good work , i might post some of my stuff sometime : laughing : my day has been pretty good . my animation class is going really well ! : laughing : sitting around , waiting : mellow : i love being a math nerd : laughing : heh sorry i was calculating that wrong . 21 consonants . nightriser i was actually taking the cvcvc patter of my name and multiplying it out to narrow it down so someone would have a better chance of ... matt - - - guess the second part and i'll oficially be freaked ! ! only 439,400 possible combinations :) ( i calculated that by taking x consonants times 26 and y vowels times 5 ) big hints ! ! ... i'm a nt but i was bullied lots after i moved into public school . i'm not so much now but i don't really fit into any social groups which leads to me getting made fun of at times posted via mobile ... leaving the lights on hen no one is in the room posted via mobile device i've been like that before as well ... no bueno . personally i think i may have been in love , but idk .. there's no real definition we can stick by to define it so it's hard to say ... it's a sad ... isfj sounds like it to me . ( just cause he reminds me of a isfj i know in real life ) posted via mobile device come to the t side , we have books ! posted via mobile device i'm supposed to have a best friend ? ! ? posted via mobile device im sure you'll be better very soon ! ! just get some time to yourself im studying set theory : laughing : isnt that nerdy ? my stat class thinks so how the hell did my pillow end up on the other side of the room ? or where in gods green earth are my damn covers ? posted via mobile device very good choice , i know she'll do very well and be fair . posted via mobile device anything made by me ! posted via mobile device ordinary threads don't catch fish quite like the live ones do . or is that fishing bait ? oh well posted via mobile device musical instruments ? i wanna guitar ! posted via mobile device well it probably needs to be separate . i havent actually visited the shop (: shocked :) but i imagine it would be easier to run separately . hmm you could sell customized signatures for ridiculous amounts of gold . heck , if anyone wants one ill make one for ridiculous amounts of gold haha so people who vote less than a ten dont like it here ? isnt perfect honesty one of your ideals ? :d ry : theres a problem with your question ... it assumes i notice the picture ! : laughing : hmm i have stories . most of them failures . not so sure i wanna post any of the ones worth telling ... ill give one i guess . actually not . damn indecisiveness : angry : you sure you dont just think your winning the logic game ? ? : tongue : i dont really like algebra honestly , anything beyond it holds my interest well hmm interesting . that seems to be the kind of thing i would miss as well if it were indeed true . but i would be afraid to know if that were true or not in a way because i wouldnt want my ego to get ... def , intp . sounds like me . besides all girls wanting to know me . im a little too quiet for that i think lol : laughing : wrong . i prefer not to . but can if absolutely neccisary . it's happened before posted via mobile device ill join target practice , the little punk stole my name : angry : jk im glad this is a joke ... maybe your feeling side is super underdeveloped ? having no emotion isn't normal . not that i'm judging you or anything , just saying that generally we intps have emotions that we know are there we may ... occam's razor seems to be your theory here correct ? remember everything should be made as simple as possible , but not simpler . - einstein posted via mobile device i do agree with you when debating some things tlaotoni but i think that it's too narrow to be used for all arguments . some people listen to logic more than fact it seems . that where you have to shape ... '