' can this thread be closed ? or deleted ? i miss her too much . is she getting treatment for her depression ? and i find it funny how we have the same name . don't mind me . i'm bipolar myself . so you have . online at least . :p i don't think of depression as a fashionable illness . it's ignorant to say so . people are just receiving more cbt and are getting treated for ... lol , i can't believe i misspelled her name . i'm really tired lol . nope . i don't think there is a correlation . that said , enfps are more likely to develop bipolar or depression because we are nfs florence welsh . regina spektor . enfps mistyped as infp . don't generalize here . i'm pretty sure most nf woman wouldn't care if a man is the stereotypical male or not . most woman just want someone to connect to . sure , the stereotypical male or guys guy ... not really . most people think i don't try enough . oh , oops . 12 . i have katy perry's face shape . boom boompow not an infp , but ... 1 . i'm creative 2 . a writer 3 . bipolar 4 . love cats 5 . the oldest in the family 6 . black hair in real life . 7 . stubborn 8 . strong i want to be a college professor . nay all the way . lateral quadrupod . left handed he lost consciousness , like he was on body of water , his mind floating like scattered pearls . when he awakened , all he felt was pain as his limbs sang in chorus when he attempted to move . the ... i'm not an infp . :D i may pm you my photo in the future . :D beautiful ! <3 <3 <3 <3 :D i don't notice any asymmetry that you speak of . you've got great features , like a catalogue model .  ... here's prose . sometimes , the camellias would come shriveled to me , when the sunlight was pure and bright , when the winds were so gentle , you could almost hear them whisper sweet words to each ... dear depression , you've been knocking on my door , well fuck you . your negativity can suck it ! i'm not committing suicide ever sincerely , latuda and lithium . meltedsorbet please post another photo ! oh rub it in , why don't ya ? ! ? ? :D <3 yeah , i feel that way . it's said that enfps are the most introverted extroverts . so , yeah . i think so . i think we look like infjs , enfjs and infps . we are like chameleons . i can't see what you look like when all these people have . * sniffles * * walks away * aww i wanted to see what you looked like ! :( guys , what does meltedsorbet look like ? ! i'd say that it's because of a lack of fi . there's the stereotype that we are crazy like esfps and are bouncing off the walls . um , no . people think i'm introverted because i appear a bit cold at times . i don't put on masks . but when i was depressed , i would i smile as a way to fight it . i swallow back a lot of pain and don't always express what i think or feel with everyone . love these ! <3 i wish i were a ninja too . <3 like shooting stars for weapons . and star-painted bunkbeds are beautiful <3 spilling stars over . #themanwholivedunderground i would say that because fi is tertiary , emotional abuse would be easier to spot via ni . just my 2 cents . i'm an early bird . when i was manic , i would get little to no sleep however , which definitely sucked . so around 8-9 hours of sleep per night . my tmj joint hurts . no seriously . as for trump … . : laughing : : laughing : poop , made in his own poop factory in poop land astrid's pocketful she has real shiny hair , and the bushes she planted are dagger-green , the oleanders are pure like the light of the three-quarter moon and the compass will always show me ... lolwut : laughing : when the rosenburgs were electrocuted , i saw angel . he said that i was innocent of sin , and that sin covers the heart like black spots or something that you tend to paint it black with . a ... i guess enfps don't really like to write . when the rosenburgs were electrocuted , i saw angel . he said that i was innocent of sin , and that sin covers the heart like black spots or something ... f that bastard . 1 . i'm not sure what i want to gain by being here . probably friends and insight . 2 . a little younger than you probably . :P 3 . i used to do schoolwork . 4 . i live in the west coast . 5 . through ... i'm feeling a bit sad today for no reason . ( i wonder if i should up my dosage ? ) thought i would share , and i hope you could share some stories that have made you feel sad . actually , i think i ... this happens more often than not . i find that it's not unhealthy introverts i attract , just unhealthy / toxic / draining / emotional vampires / people in general . and frankly , it's starting to piss me off ... i'm a writer , so yes . i'm an enfp and i feel like i'm destined to be alone . i've never had a boyfriend and i don't think it's on the horizon for me anytime soon . i love the book and movie . what books are lyrical like w . o ? how the hell do you do that ? just was at the enfp forum , thought i was an enfp ( again ) and took the cg functions test , got infp . um , okay well now how do i accept that i'm an introvert ? jeez . dogshit . pissed . dear j , i'm really sorry i called you fat . no really , i am . but you have to realize you can't just put your life and health at risk by not getting periods or working to get healthy again . yes it's ... from that portrait , i'm going with fi , but again , i'm still not sure because i test as enfp on cognitive functions . how do i know i really am an enfp and not just testing with that result because i ... someone who is authentic and accepting of who i am , the things i love , everything . someone who understands me to an extreme degree . '