quality time with family when i am finally able to forgive someone witnessing someone grow and mature beautifully someone else smiling at me :) i haven't tested this to the fullest extent for myself yet , but i have a feeling recording lectures and listening to them again as you review your notes later helps a lot . because peanut butter and jelly . eat breakfast , honor your body . trust god . trust your past accomplishments , no matter how fake and immature your attitude seemed toward academics back then . cherish the library , find a spot where you ... s / he who treads softly goes far . what is the use of nationalities ? why can't we all just be global citizens ? korean seaweed soup . just wrote an email to myself and that made me feel better . am i crazy ? all the time . i've learned about journal writing , which helps . thanks a lot . i wish you best in your mental health journey as well ! recovery is possible . and i choose to go for it . starting now . oh my goodness thank you for making my day . * hugs * fulfillment , warmth , the ability to love and give selflessly . i feel empty and self-centered . i would be a painter and sculptor . wonini.tumblr.com i am a semi-fitblr . the family is such a fragile societal unit . for breakfast we had a banana apple blueberry yogurt smoothie , pineapple , nuts , coffee , sweet potato and cherry tomatoes . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eXeKoGx9zoM just experienced one last night . didn't enjoy it , but i ended up praying silently and i felt much better . the sides of my face have gone in . the third purposeful weight loss attempt of my life is working . hopefully it stays working and i maintain a healthy weight . it's important to go slow rather than speeding up and burning out . best american short stories 2006 , ed . ann patchett to the sound of the fan , kids shouting outside . i want to turn to books that i've read and thought about and was inspired by whenever i have problems or need to make a choice . this is what i want . define ' better person . ' heck , define ' human . ' it's sad that i cannot define ' human ' but can define ' brain . ' yoyoyoyoyo welcome ! i don't particularly love the fact that i invest so much time in an online forum , but i don't particularly hate it either . american best essays 2006 , ed . slater to the lighthouse , woolf prose - george eliot , tom rachman . poetry - wordsworth . temple grandin ty from the circle it was okay . haven't seen his other films . mulan recently finished : the circle , eggers middlemarch , eliot reading : the imperfectionists , rachman if the book is fiction , what is your usual approach at finishing the book ? do you glance at the end of the chapter or even the end of the book ? do you read it in small chunks throughout the week or ... composers , how do they do it ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rkk0tItcFjs injustice istp , same as me . haha that was anticlimactic . how do you handle the idea that you will eventually die ? - i think it's actually good that we don't live forever . maybe it depends on the kinds of life each of us have been given . but without ... i got into mbti because i wondered whether people really are what they manifest or if their behaviors are actually bad indicators of who they are really . i took many free online tests , and i have ... what is your mbti type ? what is your gender ? what is your age ? what type of environment do you live in ( city / suburbs / rural ) ? where do you live ? - istp , female , 21 , suburbs what is your diet ... for some reason i did well in high school ( when i tested as infp / intp ) and now in college i'm struggling ( testing as istp ) ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5X-Mrc2l1d0 j . k . rowling and cervantes were both in poverty when they wrote their masterpieces . how awesome is that ? not that poverty is awesome , but their fighting spirits . read more books . warning : tunnel vision . may not say hi . you are still acknowledged . to kill a mockingbird ( i could read this over and over and not get tired of it - but have yet to try that haha ) this is such a first-world problem , but i really want something significant to do with my life right now .