' talking about sense powerlessness and invisible pride too strong . so yes , maybe that's a self pity or strong needs to challenge others ' brain to victimize me . if you have something or some solution ... the same , man . gave me the same infj introvert ( 9 % ) intuitive ( 22 % ) feeling ( 12 % ) judging ( 9 % ) you have slight preference of introversion over extraversion ( 9 % ) you have slight preference of ... anyway , thank you for correcting me that way , peter , shows me how you care . thanks again . i had tried the link you gave me already but i'm taking it again all over . you're right i'm rude and harsh , ... for now , i haven't seen . hopefully soon i'm afraid i had to confirm that i have empathy . now you just put all my fears in front of me . yes i'm harsh , i need tragedies and dramas now to validate my plan to rebel . i need to be hurt and ... i'm afraid i had to confirm that i have empathy . now you just put all my fears in front of me . yes i'm harsh , i need tragedies and dramas now to validate my plan to rebel . i need to be hurt and ... i knew what you mean , man . i got none either . but i fucked to much already fuck yes , this is that but you're an infp how did you figure this out ? thanks , happythoughts , i want to write this to someone dear , matthew jwr protomega . i want you to know , regardless the whole circumstances and situations between us , i felt it . since the day ... perfect . if you don't mind , i would suggest ' dem cakes just a little dash of cocoa , aniseed and cinnamon powders . the more exotic , the sexier : exterminate : 560442 what about baked jalapenos with chiz inside : ninja : 560434 yes , hgy . it said this . your results : te ( extroverted thinking ) ( 55 % ) your valuation of / adherence to logic of external systems / hierarchies / methods ti ( introverted thinking ) ( 70 % ) ... thanks , soulsister 11 . our minds ' traffic are tricky indeed . after i discover my needs of purpose i could feel i would become stricter but that's simply because i cut right through the bottom of ... true . i remained the same all along but never did i realize it , even worse i fought the emerging of that true self whatsoever . well here if i had to make a raging line , long time ago behind the ... i pretty much showed him everything . my most vulnerable feelings , miseries , thoughts and ideas , etc . i'm really questioning how and what did made me choosing to masque myself for that long yet hardly ... i pretty much showed him everything . my most vulnerable feelings , miseries , thoughts and ideas , etc . when somebody told you how mystical you are and you think you're probably an infp but you're far too tragic and traumatized to be one . i'm a female , 26 . i did mbti test in 2010 had entp results . i never touched that personality bullshit until i had to use it for my bachelor thesis . 2013 - 2014 i was still and entp . this year , 2016 , ... this may be a good article reference how law of attraction affects the thoughts in your mind | calmdownmind.com balance yourself with the anti-you to keep the conflicts on watch . when things are up these conflicts will put into perspective . even if you are godly you need to see the view of an anti-god and ... there between religion and spirituality where i am . i do practice religious acts ( not entirely ) do some spiritual stuffs but yet i do believe i can make any kind of choices for myself and feel happy ... hello dear entps . i've been lost for almost half decade just to find myself again in the middle of a blackhole . yes entp's . blackhole . it is the place where you find the darkest deepest most hideous ... i think ... science ... deep into it ... is mystical such a shame i quote my own post , haha . i don't care anyway , in reply to previous a entps posts , i have a best friend , a blood-typed , not sure ; she's probably an estp , she has better and ... mystic cross is sign of life wisdom / spiritual consciousness that is purposed by the creator to be exceptionally understood by the mystic cross owners . the learning would be in various form , many ... use a lot of mixture of olive oil ( or grapeseed oil ) + body lotion over your hands and palm . regular treatment in a week should be able to control dryness and maintain the moisture , dear . try to reduce ... 37612 i have like 2 on my left palm , both are between head and heart lines . i'm not infj anyway ... i've been through some circumstances that made me noticing different tendencies of people and i eventually referred to blood type again ... i don't know what about other people i have not met ... ... i'm entp and i have this clearly prominent mystic cross between heart and head lines , below the middle finger . i'm sluei . so covered and coated with all i am imagine all that you want , feel them , enjoy them , before sleeping . do for the next 3 - 4 weeks , and see what's gonna happen ... need to make provocation from my part , though ... lol isfj brothers and sisters , i'm entp and trust me if i didn't try to figure what would it be like to be an isfj , i would have left this guy--who later i found him out to be an isfj ( thought first ... now i'm trying , you know it's resulting in what ... makes me feeling like i'm actually some kind of indigo person hmmm 1 . ) unethical ... i do practice my own way , sometimes it's ethical or unethical , when i just focus in it , i dont care lol until somebody tells me , but even so , i would still care my own lol 2 . ) ... the way you implicitly typed you go to see if the bold is smoking hot to me hotter than enrique iglesias http://fc04.deviantart.net/fs70/f/2011/010/5/e/mr_enrique_by_edgaraf-d36wz7x.jpg the es's and the in's is it just me , or why does it seem to be most of the complainers are entps ? i saw for the very first time this amazing infj boyfriend of mine by september 2010 , i was walking down the parking lot of school , and he walked in , i saw he looked at me ... that was a vivacious ... i never have had any critic about my english , lol but anyway , maybe you're some entx i am a muslim anyway okay fellows , i'm back , these are mix of simplicity , flakiness , modern edges , bold , balance , and free spirits ... http://files.looklet.com/looks/a97f1e08-f92a-4273-9306-bff6ab8daf66.jpg?1 ... love the genuine happiness i can see here :-D our smiles are rrraaahhh . too gorgeous . :p roud : http://sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-ash2/hs618.ash2/157066_10150334845080472_791610471_16065200_5806545_n.jpg show me yours :-P coool indeed freezes me , lol : laughing : i'm back and got y'all some update of newest pic this is me with my esfp pal in a karaoke room ... ah , yeah . sorry i didn't suppose to elaborate that . what i meant was i gain energy with certain type of people , mainly those who would listen to the strange stuffs from my mouth that they never ... that's dangerous , once we meet , the world will bow down w / o excuses hahahaha eh , but we gonna need intj for that earth domination i kinda worry ( or just wondering ) , i'mma hear ... a serial killer get arrested in few years , or maybe if he's too smart , after 10 yrs then motifffs : hating everyone lol '