' haven't been able to achieve them regularly since childhood , but every now and then i'll have one . last week i took some 5 - htp ( as i do off and on to boost my serotonin ) and had the most amazing ... i would love this and really appreciate you even asking . i am generally dying for people in my life to ask me more about my feelings or show that kind of interest in delving a little deeper into how ... thank you both for your kind words . i can't respond in as much detail as i would like to all the advice and support you gave but please know i really appreciate it ! i am feeling a little more ... i have a pretty good savings built up , but now feeling shaky about that with the impending job loss . i live separately from my family so there is some space and peace but i remain connected and ... hi all . i love this forum but haven't been around in a while . i've kind of been in the depths of despair for a while now . i like to think the fact that i'm feeling motivated to reach out today is a ... pickle juice really rough day today . got chewed out at work for doing something i thought was a good thing that showed i was trying to push my boundaries and show more initiative . everything i've done at this job ... nachos , pizza , loaded mashed potatoes ... my favorite cuisines ( other than good old american junk food ) are mexican , italian , japanese , and indian . i'm very into the savory comfort food . not much ... thank you . sorry to hear you're dealing with this too , and good on you for staying strong . do you find it infuriating dealing with everyone telling you to give the person another chance ? i do lol , i ... i have been practicing at it for years and it's still very difficult , although i have improved so i guess it's good to focus on that and just keep at it . another thing that makes it harder is having ... you're sooo right and i know it . logically i do . it's just a matter of persisting , getting past the emotional side of it and sticking out the discomfort enough to really put it into action . the ... i am sick of saying no and having it be viewed as a negotiation . and just having my feelings disregarded in various ways in general . people seem to always think they can get away with it , and i guess ... i wish i could find happiness in any state at all . i'm not happy alone and i'm definitely not happy with other people so i guess i'm just screwed . i can definitely relate to this . i've concluded that growing up in a dysfunctional setting can be particularly damaging for infjs because of our strong fe . dysfunctional situations foster ... people who never shut up or let anyone else get a word in people who bully , manipulate , or take advantage of others people in general , really no biggie ! i can see how it seemed like i was making a blanket statement about every instance of this . but no , i definitely agree that there are some people who are genuinely over the top with the ... i agree that that's annoying and obnoxious behavior , but i feel that's different from what the op was describing . the person she was talking to made an immediate judgment about her simply identifying ... why thank you ! it is kind of funny how there are three of us who posted similar responses at almost the exact same time lol the question i always ask is , why should it bother someone so much if i am confident , and think i'm special ? isn't everyone entitled to self-confidence and recognizing their own strengths ? what ... there may be a god , but i feel confident saying it's most definitely not an old man in the sky watching my every move and tsk , tsking every time i so much as think an improper thought . that's ... i'm very sexual and have been from a young age . sometimes i wonder if i'm addicted , which most people who know me would find preposterous because i've been in a monogamous relationship for years and ... maybe . all i know is a cute , shy guy is basically kryptonite for me . i used to be a bit too focused on the future and too much of a control freak . i'm a natural planner so i still have that fundamental quality to my personality and likely always will--yes , i am the ... nvm thank you all so much for your responses and advice . it truly means a lot , especially knowing so many of you wonderful people can relate . now i have much more to think about and take comfort in the ... and of course , i'm never perfect , so that means i end up feeling like a failure and beating myself up pretty damn often . : cower : for example , i dwell on almost every conversation i have because i ... alexander skarsgard 393410 henry cavill 393418 : hearteyes :: hearteyes :: hearteyes : absolutely ! i've come up with some badass halloween costumes the past few years , but sadly because i'm a bit of a loner and past college now , i don't know many people who still have halloween parties ... ongoing ambivalence over my long-term relationship ... feels like a lose-lose situation and just all around shitty : blue : dbt has been very helpful to me . it combines mindfulness and self-soothing exercises with interpersonal effectiveness and communication strategies . every day i do 10 minutes of deep breathing and ... yup , all the damn time ! it definitely causes resentment . i don't mind helping people but when the tables eventually turn and you realize the person can't be bothered to reciprocate and listen to your ... i have autoimmune and chronic pain problems . i definitely think the mind-body connection is a powerful one and plays a role in these kinds of conditions . a lot of my physical symptoms closely ... thank you for recommending wenzes . i've checked out a few of her videos and really like what she has to say . she really speaks to this exact point in her video about infjs and selfishness . as people ... i think i'm probably just as sensitive as ever but better able to cope with it now . it can feel like a curse and get me down because it makes living life more difficult in a lot of ways , but i also ... nah , believe me i spent most of my life fighting to fit in . it'd be much easier not to be different . but thanks again for the assessment , stranger . if one becomes mired in bitterness over it , it's certainly detrimental . but there's nothing wrong with championing ourselves and recognizing our strengths , like all healthy people do . there's a ... as if 90 % of people around us don't work hard to make us keenly aware of this our entire lives . give me a break . in fact , i see any emphasis some infjs put on their special snowflake status as a ... you're taking selfish here completely out of context . being selfish during the creative process is different from being selfish in your everyday life and relationships with people . it means things ... interesting . i don't know though , as an infj my beliefs are very fluid . getting too tied to my ideals and unwilling to change them actually sounds like the kind of behavior i generally abhor , like ... lots of sweeping generalizations in this post . i tend to really dislike those : kitteh : especially when it comes to philosophizing how others should live . there may be objective truths in life , like ... i wish i did lol . i generally am daydreaming or in my own head about something but still manage to see the person at the very last second which just makes it even more startling and awkward for me ... http://youtu.be/5f2LJXz-l2k this has been causing me some distress lately . over the past few months , i've had several instances of running into friendly acquaintances i haven't seen in a while , ... personally i am very into style and like to dress with a little bit of flash and a lot of color . although , i prefer classic , understated silhouettes , so i am somewhat conservative in that manner . and ... ooh ok , this thread is definitely resonating with me and giving me some new insights . so unhealthy fi is basically extreme selfishness . this makes me feel a certain way and so this is how it's ... sorry if this is obnoxious , but could someone give an example of what fi is and maybe also an example of unhealthy fi behavior ? or just point me to a good resource that explains it ? i'm having a hard ... i go through periods of withdrawal from loved ones . it's something that , to an extent , is healthy and necessary for me . i just need breaks from people or more time to focus on myself and my own ... can absolutely relate to having a hard time getting out of bed . i've always been like that , since my first day of school . i do think depression plays a role but could also just be that my body's ... all the time . and while it definitely bothers me and i feel it's unfair , i'm kind of starting to prefer it . everyone thinking i'm nice doesn't really have any benefit for me , it generally just ... it just recently occurred to me that my mom is likely an enfj . we are very similar in our thinking in a lot of ways except she is more outgoing and , well , extroverted . i have no idea about my dad ... i honestly don't know why . but i can say it is often very difficult and i often wish i wasn't like this . i think it's important to always be as kind as possible ( kind , not nice ) so i'm glad i have ... '