not to derail your thread . but my update is that i misinterpreted his delivery and intention was quick to jump to my own conclusions rather than be responsible and directly ask i am astoundingly less optimistic than my usual self . have a job interview . your supposed to be all ' secret ' and put your ora out there . i have been interviewing for months for a better position . now ... he got the short game . i got the long range . something he holds in particularly high regard and review . pretty sure i will get the last laugh after he calls me begging for pussy after he bones a few ... interestingly enough i actually decided to abandon the entj this evening . for basically everything that article discussed . he actually insulted me past the point of redemption . basically trying to ... enigma yay , i know from your mentions it was fast approaching . thinking of you and sending you warm & well wishes . your always a kind and encouraging internet chum . thanks ! : toast : : hug : . 718402 well that is because one of my biggest strengths is my mobility and skating ability . i would rig them so i could pop them in and out with ease for walking or ground . i could easily be one of ... if i was just going to go off of sex and go pick a friends with benefits out of crowd would grab an ni or si dom or aux . i guess from my experience they just speaking sexually nothing else in account ... although i usually laugh at this question without concealing . i always like engaging enfxs ( they usually ask this : laughing : & some sfp ) . they usually follow up with an assessment so i am always ... hmm that's interesting i don't think i have conversation starters . truth be told sorta suck in this realm . tend to just go blurt out the point of the matter or do not even bother with a ... both have good leadership potential in different ways . generally speaking of course . an enfp could be great at hr & workshop development and leading teams to assess these things ( with a reinforcer ... not sure i agree with this as far as case by case . i can see how maybe if there is a link it's linked more so to introversion . however just because it could be linked in some cases , i wouldn't think ... i could see some truth to this . sometimes i think my mother ( intj ) can be more externally insensitive because she is internally sensitive . i can be more outwardly sensitive yet have a flippant ... i really don't take issue with te at all usually . if it is paired with some asshole fi use than i can take issue . that is circumstantial and case by case . te makes me snicker and get amused ... if i had to guess people with ni use linear , symbols , patterns , coincidences , premonitions , etc etc i would guess lateral would be more so ne . : laughing : different ways my sis is infj 3w2 and she seems more vulnerable to anxiety and ocd behavior . she can almost off the surface come off like an intj until you see her more indepth . usually what you ... i posted it recent in another thread anyways this was me at 4 haha guess which one ( eh it's easy ) 717409 this is me picking a wedgey out of my ass and my mom 717417   7174 25 yes exactly it's weird as you said it's wasting someone's time . i believe this can be said for almost anyone with anything . there are those who will get up when they fall there are those who will just lay there waiting for someone to pick them up there are ... no never . i do not wish to be a robot or a socio path . not that i like the unpleasantness which a feeling of pain can inflict . but i appreciate the gift of being able to feel . i would deem it ... fair and i don't expect someone to stick around forever if i can not fulfill their needs . but from my view it should be a compromise . and anyone who can declare enough affections to want to ... i kinda pissed off or hurt or both , the guy i am dating . he had talked in theory about like potentially other things on table as far as progressive romance things he wasn't saying now he was just ... nothing particularly rare i don't go buy these from the liquor store , it's easier just to have a decent bartender make them . because i don't particularly desire a cocktail enough to buy all the ... i used to think that way a lot when i was a kid if i am sincerely ignoring one person specifically they would have to already be trying to ask a lot of me imo . as far as my time and energy . it really has to be more of someone not taking social ... as long as you're not acting like a cling on i am sure he should be fine . i tend to be receptive to various friends of different kinds as long as i don't feel like the person requires a shit ton ... : laughing : agreed https://youtu.be/-kl4hJ4j48s https://youtu.be/zmZ08V4GFQg https://youtu.be/eEJ2b6IaGWU https://youtu.be/uS4CvCGFyqc i know i can get self righteous and redundant on this platform . but i think the easiest way to find meaning in your own life is by finding meaning in yourself . something that can profoundly put life ... senior year highschool aged 17 3 of us were in the dark room developing photos , it came thru the radio . we hysterically laughed because we sincerely thought it was a dj prank . went to 2nd hour ... estp i will agree with the person you said was estp and state i think it's pretty easy to build a generic profile of people by taking fragments of action , demeanor , choices , display , words , ... 1 . estp % 40 2 . estj % 19 this does not shock me . because the st in me can off surface ways appear stj specifically if i am being more hard nosed and militant . i most certainly plain as day do not ... white , grey , black teal / aqua , purple , peach i don't think they are charming . ( sorry just no ) they are usually in most cases highly intelligent , persuasive , decisive , and direct which i think many can appreciate the value in those ... enfp these are old ones of me back in high school 712834 7128 50 recent ones 712858 7128 42 712866 my sis and i little gee who is the estp & who is the infj 712794 me in an awkward dress at 10 712802 a few of my senior year photos ( taken before was asked to leave ) 712810 7128 18 i don't think she intended to screw them or did . because i did put her on the spot and ask her if she fucked one of them and told her if so i needed to know because we had to go get a morning after ... i don't relate to this stuff kind of annoyed with my eldest daughter . i will get over it but irritated . basically my ' roommate ' is a blessing in disguise if not for the sole reason that when i went to work night shift my ... i pulled a cotton swab out of my ear tonight that had been there two months . yes i know i know your not supposed to stick q tips in your ears . trust me this experience has cured me from ever desiring ... meh depends on the person my best friend can be hit or miss . she tends to usually be more lenient when it's for self serving purposes i . e . excusing bad behavior from romantic interests because she ... i have never appreciated my vehicle as much as i do after having driven a piece of shit all summer , while i waited to get it fixed . oh yay thank you . yay i have things like heat and defrost again ... i got stuck in a rut a few years ago when i had to channel back my dopamine levels . i think i was suffering from shock and depression then . anyways at that time it was very self elected to withdraw ... i think ( excuse me if i am wrong ) . he likes the competitiveness of it . a female who wants to compete aggressively for sport . more so than i got the impression he wants to be sub . wrestling for a ... interestingly my ' roommate ' ( girl letting stay temporary ) said one of them the other day . we were coming up with halloween themes with my daughter for fun , my daughter wants to be penelope from wreck ... yeah you sound fun i would say on average , no . i do not like talking on the phone . but there are a few people who are an exception . my baby sis lives a few states away so i will talk to her quite a while , often . my ... well than , can i pay with chucky cheese card : tongue : honestly i really liked the isfj i dated in theory . him specifically where his head was at and he himself in life did not match up with me . but just the ease in interaction was actually very nice . i ...