' i would agree with both , k ' being an istp and kyo being estp . i just enjoy kyo's bravado and hot bloodedness . glancing through their posts , i would say i believe so . also , nice kof reference . i'm more of a kyo fan . i'm sort of curious as to what hata no kokoro is or sumireko renko , hina , is ? also , yuuka seems firmly istp to me the more i think about her . she seems more likely to enjoy battles than ... true , but unlike my ennegram , which i am more sure of than anything else , my typing seems to be more slippery to me , so i find myself researching it more and more to narrow down as many options as ... i'm going to ask for an elaboration on this one . edit : some kind ti-dom . yes , i pretty much did enough digging and figured this much out a very long time ago . reimu does not use an ounce of fe at all , and is very much so leaning on the fi-te side than fe-ti side . someone ... i understand that as well . you enjoy the aspect of losing because it is exciting to lose just as it is exciting to win , but more than either two you enjoy the struggle to reach either ends more than ... it sounds like you actually want a fight and a defeat . i can share that mentality . controlling can be fun , but dull if there's no battle . this entire conversation is bad for me . > > i would have said foil , but opposites too are synonymous . it's okay , i doubted it too despite my research . i recently had it revealed to me , through this video . as an avid fighting game player , the two that basically fit me the best was the brains and ... this . because he is definitely one of those people , he considers health important enough . he even owns a book that lists facts on what foods are healthy . however , i agree with ti more than te , he's ... i would attribute what some of you say about my typing like a sensor , to my own thoughts on certain intjs whom i notice seem to have this interesting quirk of typing a person based on someone else ... well , that or estp , but i would bet more money on estp .. ^ ^ ; and you still don't agree with esfp ? ^ ^ ; and lol , this makes me laugh , but the more i think about it , it makes sense . that's probably why i don't like it . i am not very emotional now , i was as a child , was still the most calm , rational , and ... hmm , interesting . again , it's one of the two last personalities i considered the least . i can push istj to the side , because inferior ne is a not an issue for me , i don't necessarily bury myself with ... true , but i wouldn't say it is something exceedingly noticeable . i made an argument that i was an enfj , because i was terrible at math or because of my dislike of ti , but that doesn't necessarily ... see , this is the thing . when i type , it comes across in such a way , because my writing is meant to articulate a point . then when i talk to people in my daily life , it's not simply me talking about ... try seeing what socioconics says about me ? sure . retrospectacles questionnaire is up . i forgot you wanted to type me better . well , here is my journey . so i came here to figure it out for a long time period , because when i first tested , i scored infj . i wasn't really sure if that was accurate , because i never really saw ... i see , well that pretty much confirmed that my studying wasn't wrong . also , true on the extrovert to introversion thing . it's the main reason i couldn't consider myself an enfj confidentally . i'm ... my apologies , i was simply looking over your words . i would say i agree with your analysis . it definitely helps put things into perspective for me . i am a bit curious if you were interested in the ... i would have to say i sort of disagree . in some ways , simplification is good , if you can actually find a way to shorten it down effectively enough while still conveying the message clearly , but what ... good on you red spirit ! arin - intp dan - enfp jon-entp - people confuse him for a feeler because of stronger fe , but him and arin argued in the older videos because of battling ti-usage . barry - used to think ... i am aware that is the setup , but my view is that the concept of loops came from the idea that it may be connected to rather if the person is an introvert or an extrovert . an introvert spends more ... another thing i realized in my research , was again how well i use fe . i think i use it pretty well , but i also tend to feel bad whenever i use it to manipulate someone , so i normally try my best to ... well , i said it before , but the main problem with a lot of tests , is that it only works well when the one taking it is very honest and truly knows a lot about themselves . we all have various ... so , a while back , i came here , on my specific continuous search for self discovery , and asked the people who were around here what type they thought i was through a series of tests and questions in ... that or you could just be an esfj in a fe-ne loop , so you skipped usage of your si . as an extrovert , it would make sense that you would have higher usage of your extrovert functions . unless ... mercuriallife i'm certain any ni-dom would have a moment where they didn't know what they wanted to do , but once they managed to find it or see a goal , they would work towards whatever fully ... pretty much , typing every person can't be so easy . someone is bound to prove difficult because of it . so , your approach has to try to compensate to some degree . and actually no . intj is the one ... well , here is my specific take on mbti on discoveries i've made . what i've noticed with each type is that it seems to expect that an introvert would spend more time with their introverted functions , ... if i had to guess from reading this , i got the feeling you were more of an entp over an enfp , though there were a couple of moments where the lines felt quite blurred . there was a point where i ... if it was up to me , i would say either an intp 5w6 or an infj in a ni-ti loop . at least it is the vibe i get from these particular readings . though it's very possible for me to chalk up the fact that ... now to see . edit : fe is my most related , second only to ni . followed by se . ti is my most inferior , and is also a function i dislike a lot , but se sort of fits . according to this , i am an xnfj ... it is a possibility , but i lean more towards infp . the fact that you play with the possibilities , but immediately doubt it , sort of show me you lean more towards infp . most users of se can ... for the record , i believe you're an infp . a few capcom related ones : megaman / rockman classic megaman : ixfp or istj ( i lean more on the former than the latter . ) protoman : istp roll : esfj from reading your post , and skimming over it a bit , i would be inclined to agree with your thought process . i think you're an estp as well . i'll be more honest , i don't think you could be a more obvious isfj if you tried . ^ ^ ; se : 12 si : 7 ne : 11 ni : 7 te : 11 ti :8 fe :8 fi : 12 so if i were to put it in order according to what makes sense , it would be exfp , due to the amount of te i use more than ni . considering how ... to be fair , if she worked with the esfp angle and mentioned she didn't really focus on her feelings , it is likely she was in a se-te loop for long , that later on in life , she became aware of her fi . you are driving along and your car breaks down in the middle of nowhere - you do have phone reception and battery , luckily . what do you do ? keep it brief . : get out the car , and try to see if i ... so with new information present , i was curious as to what anyone would say to my request of saying , reimu could be an infj ? this mostly came from the idea that reimu and marisa are often considered ... i think the way haruhi operates pretty much proves she is no ti-fe user . especially when you consider that she doesn't really research her ideas or investigate on rather if any aliens , time ... still trying to figure out roger van der weide , so far , despite how analytical he seems , i think he's an infp as well over an intp . he often tends to prefer reviewing things based on how he feels , ... i want to say , if you were to ask me , i wouldn't recommend it , because a common problem i notice about it , is that the moment you ask a question you're giving someone a sort of context to work ... '