' thanks for clarifying your question has been answered the lack of mile high club option is disappointing some are interesting , some suck . just like every other type ? i don't see any type more or less interesting on principle . you're right man you're such a meanie that even my crappy fe has me reaching for tissues lol . and i agree with learning stuff even if i get butt hurt . i learned you are a sjw keyboard warrior haha , ... stop being a pussy and just tell them you don't want personal relationships , honestly everyone is so caught up doing their own thing that you saying i don't wanna be fwiends won't has that big an ... there is always a lot of ass hurt on this forum when someone questions them lol , it's not even that serious ? : laughing : http://youtu.be/IX2gVmS9r-E hey , thanks for responding , i was beginning to think you have to run in a little click on here to get a half way decent answer . with that being said , why estp ? short effective scenario questionnaire 2.0 ( self-type ) hello per c , it's been awhile and i sorta need some help with the typing thing . anyways if you work your way through this damn wall of text and ... fuck it i'll chim in . any type can make it work with any other type if the chemistry is there . and honestly why ask a group of random ass people on the internet to give advice on a potential ... yea , so my 2 cents . mixed signals are usually a bad sign , he seems to dodge giving you a straight yes or no answer . could be he's just physically into you as it seems he's ok with cuddling , could be ... double posting because i'm an idiot . if you're not pissing someone off then you're probably not doing anything . i don't think anyone is really meant to be anything , who you are is your choice . i couldn't see istp's letting themselves be chained to one fate in life . i've never really felt like i'd discredit a potential romance on the grounds of mbti , i mean life's so fucking situational and sometimes shit just happens , and besides do any of us really know what ... ^ probably because it's a public forum and he can do that ? lol and on behalf of all s and t types i'm sorry we nearly destroyed the world we'll try working on that . xd i can get very extroverted , my ne is constantly looking for outside stimulation . i love hearing other peoples opinions on things and then analysing whatever it is they say and considering the ... i seriously doubt anyone's mbti type could inhibit them from doing something they are serious at applying themselves to . sure we all have things we have a natural affinity to , but with the right ... i love the rain and find the sound of rolling thunder soothing , when i was young i remember reading a native american legend of the thunderbird . these enormous eagles were so large that when they ... should help some people who are lost why not ? i say yes this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yb-OYmHVchQ and this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5FELdBsixGg&list=PLprF3hToBtOAhYTzTJC88E8W b5l2jfqis have been small but significant steps in finding ... it's what we make of i suppose , on the one hand now we probably can't just be laid back and cool , but we can be inspirational , we can take on causes and sacrifice ourselves in the process , we can be ... my passion is both a plus and a minus , my ne wants to take in all the information possible . so i try and be objective about it like an nt , but it's impossible my fi screams for it's vindication lol ... how could you possibly know that ? was there some enormous survey conducted worldwide on all extroverts that i missed ? we are certainly laid back and tend to be happy , but try being an nf in an sj ... about as much as the other person wants to get to know me , i usually give what i get . istp coworker once said , bro i could juke ( football term ) a lion . me :D one getting 5 or 4 , with the skulls forgot i posted this lol , thanks for reminding me ! what the hell is a ispt ? in my case i read quite alot , i go through a book every two weeks on average . i'm beginning to think im a bibliophile , my books range from quantum mechanics to philosophy . but im a sucker for ... cautious inventor my personaldna report hmm .. i sound like an intj first of all , i agree in terms of the question sparking a debate , secondly , i said i didn't care why you got reported , not that i didn't care about the premises of the thread ( there is a ... i love debating / arguing and ditto about growing up around conflict and being use to it . however i see no reason to argue if i don't give a fuck about what's being discussed . also , you don't seem as ... intp to the fullest , yoda sometime's annoyed me with the way he spoke lol infx , name sounds very ethical / moral driven , interesting . in my experience istp-istp make awesome fuck buddies , not so great relationship wise lol . i'd encourage you to date people different from you , so you can learn and grow from each relationship , i've ... i like the way you think glyphs , all we need now are shirts and mugs with our choices written on them in bold red ^ what he said , wouldn't it be much more simple if you asked these questions directly to him ? we don't have secret istp meet up's were we discuss our genral train of thoughts , and come to a consensus ... dear other personality types , please stop making threads asking for relationship advice for your istp significant other , you would save all parties invlolved so much time if you were just more direct ... interesting , i recently put alot of thought into this question . what i concluded was that when i delve into my mind and examine the past , and the the future in search of happiness , it's never there ... sounds pretty straight forward ? he doesn't feel the same now , he might later , or im sure he would have bailed . real question is can you deal with that ? ok so my opinion will not be very popular but f it ( when has that ever stopped me ? ) , i really dislike threads like this for the fact that a . people think they know what they wan't ( i want xxx type ... disregard this post - _ - i've said that exact last sentence many times . when i get objective i realise that many times both sides of an argument hold merits and setbacks , that said i have a hard time arguing as i can see ... this , it gets old ... fast https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yWabGQBnzKo&hd=1 so i notice in many threads s types get alot of flack but esspecially istj's , dunno why but i felt like sharing my appreciation for your type , in my life i've met 3 istj's that really made a ... meh to many coulds and woulds involved , i honestly couldn't say what i would do , im adaptable so if the situation arrived i'd asses the situation and craft tactics accordingly , my intp friend on the ... dear istj , i enjoy pissing you off , we constantly bicker , and sometimes i want to floor you . but life without you would be boring ( no one to yell at me ) , and you get shit done , though i'll probably ... isn't that what i implied ? without the wall of text ? however i do agree cognitive functions are the way to go . '