' college students who don't use the recycling containers , which are sometimes two feet away from the regular trash container . cars have their own room in most ( usa ) houses . 0.999 ... 99 ≈ 1 , ≠ 1 a clash of kings ( game of thrones book 2 ) if you are not a mathematician , you don't know how to add fractions . i was thinking about this too . i think we should not feel shame or embarrassment for the way we felt for others in the past . it is who we are or were at the time . this is how some of us deal with ... one of my cs classes required to play half life ( 2 ? ) to understand gaming concepts and later modify another smaller game on steam . everyone in class had a semester-long subscription to steam so you ... i really dislike ups , they will hold items until the scheduled delivery date . the items could arrive days earlier to the destination city but they would still keep them stored . the us post office is ... the share , like , and comment buttons on the facebook mobile app are so close that it can lead to embarrassing situations . i was looking at the ( public ) profile picture and its comments of a person of ... game of thrones dexter peaky blinders how i met your mother breaking bad the walking dead i like the big bang theory but haven't watched most of them . house md is also good but never seen it ... it used to be sticky until a few months ago . for some reason someone decided to un-stick some threads . i'm rather angry right now . there is this girl i've liked for a few weeks , this week i decided that perhaps it was time to get a little closer . i have never approached her since i was just observing , ... there is a girl i started liking recently . i probably have seen her around for months but just recently paid her attention . i think she knows that i look at her when she is around . i have a feeling ... i think this thread is vital for many intps , why isn't it back as sticky ? other threads should be back as well . i think antivirus is the software that takes the most cpu time in most computers . isn't it interesting that mcafee ( antivirus company ) is owned by intel ? also , i need to buy more pants , i have ... i have a phone interview for a job within an hour . i really dislike the whole job-hunting process , i hate talking about myself trying to convince people that i'm good for the job . i'm not even sure i ... i brush my teeth at least twice a day but rarely more than three times . i take a cold shower when i get up ( whatever time of the day ) to feel fresh . i love cold showers , i can't stand hot water ... i'm ok with insects , if i feel something crawling on me i stay calm and take a look . if i see a mosquito i'll have to kill i though , i feel sorry after that but i can't stand their bites . i'm not too ... i think breeding is a form of animal abuse . imagine if humans babies were commercialized , one ( slaved ) woman would be impregnated year after year without any choice until she no longer produces ... reminder : wear a shirt when i'm around my brother's boyfriend . wtf ? i just took a shower so i'm not wearing a shirt , just the towel around my neck . my brother's bf comes to my room to ask me if we ... i don't know what to do with my hands . a new semester started today , lots of new faces on campus . it's strange that even though i'm surrounded by lots of people i feel lonely and isolated . sucks . there are in average about a thousand perc members logged in at any time , while there are about nine thousand unregistered users lurking the forums . i wonder which sub forum is the most visited by ... growing up i didn't know i was a little smarter than average until i started comparing my abilities to other kids , around sixth grade . i never really cared much about intelligence but it was ... intjs at facebook use the word stupid a lot . i'm getting tired of spending my weekends without talking to anyone . i've considered calling a friend but i don't think there is much to talk about , besides i don't like calling people since i prefer ... sometimes when i'm surrounded by lots of people , i try to imagine people as just organisms trying to do some preprogrammed function . like looking at a colony of ants , each individual not being aware ... does that mean shyness and introversion are unwanted characteristics ? don't quit just yet ! i have seen many students change their major because of calculus . it sounds scary but it's not as bad as you think . i think the problem might be that you don't have a good ... i had a sweatshirt from the university , but i bought it because that day was unexpectedly very cold and i wasn't wearing a sweater / jacket . so i just walked into the bookstore and got one . i'm thankful that i have coworkers who are also my friends who seem to appreciate me for who i am . sometimes i feel lonely and want to think that people are horrible , that no one gives $ #1t about me , ... a new coworker came asking for some materials and while i was trying to help him , he was telling me how to do my job . then he decides to ignore me and asks my other coworker leaving me talking to ... i've never done drugs . i've always had enough health problems to worry about , i don't need more . i think i can be obsessive sometimes and i was worried i would end up addicted and f * * d up . i'm not ... at work , perc-ing . sort of depressed or numb . i don't really want to think about anything . very little is happening in my head , not even music . i hate this feeling . if by success you mean making money , then : i used to feel guilty but i don't anymore . i still try to avoid explaining people why i still work at a college library when i could be making five ... dear infp , you are the most confusing person i've ever known , i don't understand what you are doing . please tell me . - intp overall i like who i am , not everything is good but some things can be improved a little with some work . i just wish i had learned to be more social , i don't understand a lot things people do and i ... i don't like violence or any other destructive behavior ( punching , kicking , or throwing things ) . i suppose i can be passive-aggressive sometimes , but it's something i'm trying to avoid now . i ... i got blocked at fb by someone i like a lot . : crying : am i not good enough to be a friend ? i'm numb . wat seks life ? there is someone hiding behind that stone . this is interesting , i looked at the user name and it looked very familiar . last night i played some videos and for some reason the name got my attention , i guess the word servo caught my eye ... scientiaomnemest i studied engineering in college so it is something that can be done by intps , we are not perfect but we are pretty smart . i took a walk with the dog and it was sort of relaxing . it was nice to hear the mostly-synchronized sound of crickets , it's possibly the only thing i miss during the winter . you can fall asleep ... don't do the infj door slam and just tell him . if he is not interested then move on . you can ask a million intps why he is acting like that , but only he knows what's in his head . edit : hints don't ... i'm listening to my brother's boyfriend rant . i wonder how long is this going to take . save me ! i belong to ieee computer society . i get a small subset of their library , mostly programming books . the membership is valid for a year but if i read enough books it's worth it . the price of a single ... attached : the new science of adult attachment and how it can help youfind - and keep - loveby amir levine , rachel s . f . heller dear infp , i really miss you . i wonder how long i'll have to wait to hear from you and what you will tell me . i remain optimistic and i trust you will make the right decision . i wish you felt ... '