' hehe , yeah i had some of that as i read my post now . i can't even remember having written half of that . pretty cool . : laughing : i love you ! said by the woman i love , of course ! yet to happen xd just to answer real short . yes , my thougthprocess is random . made it real tough to study , bleh ! well sometimes when i'm really tired it can be kinda like that ... like right now ! i haven't slept for ages ( well in fact i have slept , quite long and well , but not in almost 18 hours , somehow today i ... surprisingly enough , most of them are common swedish words ... ( i'm norwegian . ) used 29 times : på used 28 times : och used 21 times : bored used 19 times : det used 19 times : jag used 17 times : ... without realizing it maybe you just hit the nail right on the head ! thats pretty much what i feel too ( except i hope for the afterlife , a better one ) . thanks for giving a little more enlightening ... i was bullied from ... the start and all up to my 11th year at school . i haven't been as badly bullied as many others have , but it sure was though at times even so . the bullying varied from being beat ... i'd say , let them die in peace ... s'long as they want to themselves . even so , dead they will be sooner or later , if they want to or not . i find it odd that they would want to prolong the often ... my total lack in confidence : mellow : i'm an enfp and i wish my mind would stop jumping around so much . it makes it hard to keep doing something over longer periods of time ... ( like visiting this forum ! ) agreed . the time-travelling was kinda shadowed by all the other stuff despite it being perhaps the most important part of the plot . its a good movie . totally disney-style . as long as you have that ... either at a friends place , my gaming club or chilling at home with a cup of delicious tea and a good book ! recently i've been doing alot of ' different ' stuff with my friends too , like flying kites ... m , leader of the british secret intelligence ! ( you're still puppet to me though . ) the gathering storm by brandon sanderson and robert jordan . i voted a 4 . we get along fine mostly , but she can be a bit nagging and slow at some things . i'd call you puppet . and so i will . : wink : enters ' panic-mode ' for a minute or so , fervently wiping the remaining blood away with the remains of my torn shirt . then sit still and listen for a bit , before starting to crawl to the left , staying ... ouch , those pants looks horrible ! i think i'll skip those and rather sew my own unless i can get loosefitting pants someplace else . the boots looks like a good example though :D ungweliante : yeah , ... now special colours would be hard to dye in the past , sure . but lightly reddish / yellowish and green would be easy . mainly you just boil a lot of leaves in a pot and then put the clothes in it , ... yeah like i said , it would be for live roleplaying . modified for male use . if you can only say i shouldn't wear clothes like that then don't comment , seriously . besides , with a few modifications ... like the thread title says , i'm wondering if any of you * points at you one after the other * knows where i could get my hands on clothes like these , prefferably for males . ... how am i today ... apathic like usual . also sick . what am i thinking on ... heavy sleep , eternal sleep . how do i feel ... dizzy and melancholy . ugh , this sounds like me , except i got a few friends i play games with and watch a movie with from time to time ... other than that life is dull . you have the feeling that you could die any day and ... : shocked : guess i'm not much of an xkcd , as i tend to plot the way of most enjoyment and least human encounters instead of time . how fun ! i accept the kitten as a peace offering . welcome , fellow enfp , companion in the quest for world dominion and ... * takes a moment to read description * eherm ... welcome , fellow enfp , companion in the ... finishing the ' the tawny man ' trilogy by robin hobb ... before , david eddings and robert jordan where my favorites . they have now been surpassed by the wonderful bright mind and quick pen of robin ... well seekjess , that does sound like one of the better reasons , though i doubt it is very efficient ... after all the pain is still there after the brief numbing drugs give ends ... : mellow : i ... i would like the name gareth . it has a nice ring to it , and a nice historymyth around itself , being the name of one of the knights of the round table . :p roud : i'm seriously thinking of changing my ... i am , apart from the intelligence-part , lady k's direct opposite ! :p roud : the times of exasperated sighs from peers have come and gone for me :p roud : oh , we were supposed to brag about the good ... erh , overslept ... again ... and found out now ( just as i'm about to go to bed ) that we have a test tomorrow ... that i completely forgot ... :d ry : nothing much compared to the above stuff , but still ... facebook ( sadly ) forums , music and painting my warmachine-models ( yay ! ) :p roud : i would like to be more concentrated when doing important stuff , and be more responsible ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_i7tqWMbUFU moahahahhaha ! women , answer ! i command thy ! : wink : ( argh , ninja'd ) that would probably be a good idea , misterni ... :p roud : read it 1.5 years ago , loved it , read it 4 times in 3 weeks ... takes about an hour and a half , so ... really loved it ! its such an amazing book , and i don't even like the genre ! : tongue : enfp raised ... erh ... my parents are christian , though not very active in churchgoing or prayers . lucky me :p roud : learned quite a bit about christianity , wondered if i really swallowed all that ... i do believe that they leave the eyes out for effect sometimes ... i guess the range of success differs from artist to artist :p roud : as for the ' backgroundtexture-clothes ' effect ... i admit its ... voiltare . although alot of people might have heard of it , i have yet to meet one irl , or online ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lMsgmPKCEos&feature=related this one many more might know of ... thats a nice band . i rather like ' howl ' too :p roud : you are one crazy dude xd alot , i would say ? like most my friends ... and that guy ... and that guy over there ... certainly that beautiful girl there ... this guy here ... * goes on rambling * after listening to the song you posted kuja i discovered this ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zDd049n59Kw i mean ... whats with the incredible instrumentals ? ! ! : shocked : then we have this ... umm , spending money on useless stuff and despairing as pile of bills get higher ... jupp , thats me . magically surviving ... gee , i do believe that fits me rather nicely . shopping-fool ... umm , unless ... i made new msn chatfriends today ... 2 , soon 3 i hope : tongue : i'm 18 , and surprising as it may be , the ages around 16-19 are rather close to the median . i am reading ... absolutely nothing atm . i find myself , for the first time in ten years , i am not kidding , to have gone over a month without reading anything more complicated than comic-books . i have ... hmm , my ideal career ... maybe a book reviewer . i would have to start reading books from a different genre than fantasy and history , but that would be no biggie i hope :p roud : i could sit in my small , ... i ... am normal . the single normal enfp here , it seems , who does not like to hang around with the weirdos and the nerds ... okay that was an utter lie ! i have ... erh , lets see ... not ... oh dear ... ignus , awesome vid :p roud : like how you mess with your glasses at the beginning , hehe '