' more dead than before . this place used to be more active . hello , am moving and giving too . lol . this place is different than it used to be . we are the most awesome and loving of all the personalities . but do not mess with our values or we will eat you alive . hehehehehe . i got a message saying our passwords had been compromised . just stopping by to make sure all my infp goodness is still mine . lol . so how is everyone on here ? i guess all the oldies that used to be ... i am getting ready to live a life somewhat like that . i would need the internet though . i have my hosue paid off and can live off near nothing so i may be able to pull it off . simple foods and i ... i hope we don't have to wait until 2012 for the end . this world needs a good cleaning right now . and that is what it will be a cleaning of the earth not the end of the earth . instead it will be ... thank you , i needed to hear that . both my parents are now dead and i am healing over the pain they caused . but that healing does not mean i am going to honor them in any way . it does help to know ... ok guys , i don't bite and wont get offended if you answer my questions . this is important that i get these answers . even if someone would just answer me privately i would appreciate any help any ... i have an enfj supervisor and he is not so pleased with me at times . i ask what i can do to please him but he will not open up . i just would like to know what other enfj's would like to see changed ... great topic ! yes , i have experienced it many times over in my life . it leaves a scar just like any other wound but one can heal . one may limp for a long time and one never forgets the pain but one ... to understand why people are so cruel . i watch for content and could care less about number of post or thank count . the number of post or the number of thanks has nothing to do with quality of post in my eyes . i look for new information ... i have my own style of organization . give me a week and a shovel and i can find anything among my belongings . where is the fun in having a special place for everything when everything can be ... gentleness in every way . higher the intelligence the greater the attraction . high spirituality gets to me too . i relate to everything mentioned . right now menopause makes everything bother me . even the sight or sound of some people gets me angry . but that is hormonal and it will pass . i want to know as a child were you more of a follower or leader of conversations ? also , i would like to know if you were allowed the freedom to converse like you wanted too . for example the home i ... warning , infj's are so lovable they can and will steal your heart then run like crazy . then you never see them again . no , i don't suppress emotions . they are to strong and they do come out . i have tried ti supress them but that never works for me . i have a strong belief that one would have to be insane to act sane in an insane would . i act totally insane so i must be sane . or maybe i am just insane and the world is really sane . now i am ... we know but still nice for someone to admit it . that could be but i do voice what is on my mind . sometimes i think he likes doing things that upset me . why he does it is the question . i think i am going to try to make myself believe he is ... these are questions i would like to know too . i have an enfj supervisor and he does manipulate a lot . sometimes i don't think he is manipulating for the good either . i think at times he ... that is ok , i would not take it as sexual . i think i am understanding enfj's better every day . i have one as a supervisor and i think i have him figured out . i do love you guys though . a bunch of enfj's all in one location ? i am not sure the world could handle that much love . that just may create a black hole that will suck in the entire universe . can an infp crash the party ? ... here are the steps i use for people like that . 1 . put on a tough figurative boot . 2 . go to so called friends rear end . 3 . kick so called friends hard in the rear . 4 . turn and walk away . 5 ... yes yes yes yes , i relate to that very much . i have been this way all my life . but life is painful and i have had a lot of bad experences with people . i have them too . intense emotions is normal for me and they do affect everything about me . i would say to find someone to open up to about the emotions . i also have learned to live with the ... i would post a lot about natural treatments . i vote to add it . it would be good to see if there are trends in how the different personality types pursue health issues . my entire life has been a nauseating roller coaster ride going in and out of deep depressions . the modern society is structured in a way that is not suitable for infp's to really have happiness in ... thread ? look at that ! * points in opposite direction , then stuffs white cat under coat and quietly walks away . * i not needz thread . i now have white cat . : cool : hello leroy , i am one of the old infp's . i am 46 and will soon be 47 . just be yourself is the best advice i can give to younger infp's . there are a lot of people what would like to see us change ... i am an infp and i am posting here because i want to know the answer to that one too . actually , if the point of the thread is to derail it , yet we are only discussing derailing it and not derailing it then it is a failure because it has not been derailed just discussed . so its ... everyone , that post in this thread will have to eat one of these . http://www.kumukablog.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/11/cuy.jpg thread derailed ! i have tried that too . since i am a lone female i have to be careful doing that with men . i have had men to even follow me home after getting into a conversation with them . so i try to avoid that ... large butter beans . i love them with just salt , butter and pepper . i am addicted . http://cdn-write.demandstudios.com/upload//4000/000/00/6/384006.jpg has anyone found a way to stop people from giving us weird looks ? child molesters and those that support them . those things are not human . my saturday to-do list 5:00 am : get out of bed 5:01 am : take shower 5:06 am : brush teeth 5:08 am : shave and comb hair 5:10 am : cook breakfast 5:20 am : eat breakfast 5:30 am : wash ... i have always felt that way too . i hate it to no degree and it hurts to the core . but i have noticed that most people look down on each other . that don't make it right and it hurts infp's more ... i keep everyone at a distance on purpose . i don't want close friends nor do i need them . i have overcome problems that others could never to come close to comprehend . if i can overcome these all ... animals are more human than most humans . of course it hurts when we lose one . i lost a cat and it feels like my child died . i know the pain of losing a loved one through death . you have my ... thank you . to be honest i am clueless as how i survived . i can remember thinking if i stood up for my mother then the two of us could stop my dad from being so abusive . instead it turned out that i ... this is a very good thread . i have a lot of defining moments in my childhood that made me the way i am today . the one i am working through right now is my mothers abandonment . my dad was a ... i do find most people are superficial and boring to be around . to be honest i don't know how they feel about me . i don't stick around them long enough to find out . after thinking about the subject ... i can't be found . i hide in a my secret hiding place . i can see you but you can't see me . i am not into this at all but i am aquarian and am pretty odd and strange . i don ’ t even fit in with the strangest infp ’ s . from an older infp . what you young ones can look forward to . for the last 10 years : bought my house fell in love with an infj i learned that job success depends more on ass licking than ... did someone say free hugs ? ? ? i am taking this deal . http://img.vmessages.com/hugs/1.gif now i will run away happy . '