' i think trump is a fabulous gay icon . his taste is gaudy and extravagant , and he's so larger than life . he's also the first ever president to have supported gay marriage upon election . he is ... you sound like a typical intellectual over analyzing their low self esteem . infjs can be great in almost every way others can . it's time to stop your circular defeatist thinking , and begin ... i think this is because as infjs we are extremely accustom to living in our own inner worlds , and can only really express that main part of ourselves when in conversation with one or two close ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IhVOXnB-0KQ there are people who are living incredible lives with the same disorder . you can live the life you want . that's your special challenge in life ! think of all the respect you'll gain from people , especially those who have to deal with hemophilia when you live so wonderfully despite it . see it as a game , ... whether you want to realize it or not you're doing this to yourself . you are in a state of dis empowerment that's clouding your vision with regard to everything . if people becoming great human ... since infjs are such careful , thoughtful people , it makes sense that you're finding yourself easily intimidated . i am no longer easily intimidated , but a few years ago , i very much was . getting ... by your wistfulness for this girl , it sounds like you may love her more than you love yourself . it seems young infj have a habit of indulging in their weaker emotions to the point of their own ... ego : sufficiently fed . i have been through something similar . i think the ideal of fame is very attractive when you lack the feeling of being valued and having purpose . once you start to acquire these things , fame can ... the grass is always greener on the other side . there does however seem to be a breaking point in numbers where people no longer connect . we're just flat sided legos sent back to the factory as ... i'm the same way . i get like no physiological pleasure when i'm alone , unless i'm riding off a phone call i'm having / had with my partner . i feel like the sexual part of me shuts down without ... had double jaw surgery a few months ago , because my jaws / chin were set at a drastically asymmetric angle . slowly getting feeling in my mouth back , and seeing residual swelling reduce . it's pretty ... ever since you can remember , you somehow knew never to take your anger out on other people . * goes out with friends for 2 hours , comes home * man ! friendships really are what life is all about :) * goes out with friends for 6 hours , comes home * i'm exhausted . why do i subject myself to ... a little nose and pantyhose her tiny figure called my desire i'd crane my neck from the kitchen sink to glimpse the girl for hire . long ago , her eager eyes , plucked my wallet thin , her hands ... don't most girls just write a letter to ellen degeneres these days ? we tend to be extremely careful in how we treat others . if we treated another how you treated your friend , we would never be able to forgive ourselves . and thus , i doubt he will ever be able to ... i have always had a pretty absurdist sense of humor . my mind works in very silly , satirical ways , and i am wondering if this is common among other infjs . i realized today that i probably have to ... hello everyone ! i have recently come to realize just how brutal i feel when i do anything that is an affront to my value system . i have always understood how awful i feel when i treat others ... ahah , maybe it's ' time for mass infj unraveling ! <3 lumosaria you're super welcome ! i sometimes say things a bit more drastically than i mean them , in order to encourage thought . i think there is a difference between seeking meaning when in a ... i was going to let you out sooner , but then this wouldn't have made such a great thread . but i digress . anyway , i think there is great value in disrupting people by using a controversial ... ahah ! gotta stir the pot a bit to ruffle up some debate ! :P i wasn't sure how used to a purposefully edgy post perc would be . i had to rekindle my relationship with writing poetry because i ... i am glad that you and your friends are not convoluting yourselves into x-file marathons . however , i do think that this is a common stumbling block many infjs hit at some point in their lives . self ... your are in a vicious cycle of feelings of powerlessness , which deters you from taking the action that is required to overcome these feelings . your lack of belief in your ability to change your ... what habits have you developed that most positively contribute to your wellbeing ? from my own experience being an infj , and interacting with others i have met online , i've come to realize that we have a huge tendency to over complicate our understanding of ourselves . because of ... i was speaking with someone the other day , and at one point they said , really driven people who know what they want in life are super rare . so tell me , how rare do you think these people are in ... hey there zosio ! i know exactly how you're feeling and i think i know exactly the issue . i have felt this way myself to quite a drastic degree , just a short while ago , particularly when walking ... 2 year relationship with a guy that i would very happily spend the rest of my life with . the trouble is he's a military pilot and due to circumstances , this past year we've spent separate will be ... i'm not gonna post a pic in here or anything but i just wanted to say that i rate myself a solid 10/10 you're ultra attractive you're the smartest person i know your charisma is like none other you're more special than all the rest i wish i was you i have never known anyone so great ... hey guys , if anyone could help me make sense of this mental condition of mine i would be very grateful . it has been a source of huge distress for me for quite some time . if you have any advice or ... i'm an infj male and am contemplating joining the canadian forces as either a medical / nursing officer or pilot . a year or two ago i never would have dreamed i would ever be considering this . i ... hi guys so last summer , when i was 20 i met who is now my first boyfriend ( i'm gay ) . he's extremely kind and smart and funny , and all that good stuff . we are very close and we have every intention ... wrote a couple quotes today that really helped me out . hopefully they'll help someone else on the road to defining ourselves every demon , every thorn will snag our side until we realize that the ... throughout my life , whenever i have felt unfulfilled or depressed , i've gone into a very wistful state like most infjs . growing up , i felt like i didn't fit in , so i'd happily tag myself as a sort ... hey guys i haven't been on here for so long but i have an emergency for which i'd really love advice so a couple months ago i met a guy on a dating website ( plentyoffish ) and found him cute and ... ah you said that beautifully . i will remember that thank you so much jacqueline :) admittedly , i'm kind of embarrassed that after a long time not talking , this is what you see of me , aha :/ things have been great though , i just have to deal with ... thank you ! that's actually very good advice . i considered doing it one time , but then decided not to thinking that i was not going to feel this way again soon . i guess i was wrong ... hey everyone i feel very uncomfortable writing and posting this , but i am going to anyway because in my experience , staying quiet about these things has never done me any good . this time of ... hey guys ! thank you for your comments ! it has been awhile since i've been on here and awhile since i've posted this thread . i'm no longer insecure about being tall . woohoo ! aha i find it ... hey guys . for a long time now i have had a very crusty feeling thought process . my mind is stuck in such a rut of thinking about the same old things , such as the monitoring of a couple of my ... dear same old , i'm going to be leaving you alone for a long while now , maybe even the rest of my life . you've made me feel too cozy for too long . i'll still be around you every day , but just know ... wow . sara sounds like a real mess . a better relationship with my mom . i'm going to be working at this for awhile . we've been totally disconnected for such a long time , and i've finally realized the effects of it the best gift that you can give to other people is your best self yes ! ! this is the case for me ! it is almost impossible for me to take a picture that it doesn't look like i'm dying in . i feel so uncomfortable with the idea of looking good for the camera . it ... '