' considering the average score is 58 , assuming the most answered option is always the right one is not really safe . most people got q10 and q20 wrong . http://i.imgur.com/nUzJVCm.png there are more on http://www.reddit.com/r/iamverysmart/ . i found out this subreddit 1 hour ago and tought i have seen things like this on perc ... i haven't been ... cutting . if you could make a 30 second speech to the entire world , what would you say ? i don't think i would have anything to say if you were going to die at midnight , what would you be doing at 11:45 pm ? ... which i expected , that is why i gave the advice of looking at the pictures first . i generally don't read big posts either . wait but why : why procrastinators procrastinate wait but why : how to beat procrastination since the text is long , i suggest scrolling through first , the pictures will get your interest . these ... i think the input is valid because of the master / slave nietszche thing . to a norse warrior killing people was being a good and devoted human . i always wondered what would happen if we taught kids at ... 14 intelligence 11 class and style 8 dark hair 7 kindness 6 conversationalist 6 sense of humor 6 brutal honesty 6 an affinity to put up with my constant babbling > > > totally essential 5 ... i got in the same situation about one year ago . i rejected the girl , even after she told me what she felt clearly . and yes , i loved her . i'm a proud , proud motherfucker . proud and lonely . and ... vsauce - youtube i kept jumping from one video to another for hours . i don't think that there is anyone that doesn't know it but ... ted : ideas worth spreading it's even more time consuming ... 5 ' 9 ' ' 163 lbs . i was 130 at the start of the year , but since i started going to the gym my weight is growing steadily . i have long limbs and fingers and a big hand . broad shoulders . we are slaves to happiness , we will always aim it and only be capable or reaching it for few moments . always aiming to be happy or happier , never satisfied . but well , what would be of humanity if we ... this alpha and beta denomination is stupid and annoys me . i was outgoing until 4th grade . then i stopped caring until the first year of high school . tried to fit in in the second year . managed in ... never fallen in love , but all these changes that happened to you are the normal me . i dream of having children and a lovely wife . from what i can observe , mainly from my sister and friends , ... exquisite caught . now i have to read it out of shame . that is where the difference between istp and intp lies , istps tend to ponder internally a lot too , they are ti doms afterall , but they mostly seek to understand practical , applicabe ideas . istps are ... from your answers and your description : priorizing the way you act and external appearence / your constantly changing , and subjective , opinions about things / the lack of interest in discussion with ... your thread seems plain dumb to me new thread : does sniperpanda have a problem with elitism ? i notice that sniperpanda tends to assume his logic is better than mine . why is that ? what makes ... so , you realize how important and singular you are to him ? if you don't try , from reading what you said about the relationship , i don't think he will ever make the first move , so you will just keep ... seeking you out is very important , if he is an entp that is . see if you can relate : whenever he finds something shiny he comes back to you wagging his tail and the shiny thing in his mouth , ready ... i flirt with basically every girl i talk to , unless i'm romantically interested in the girl ( pure sexual attraction is different ) , in this case i will get more self-conscious . flirting is the ... i never get too much to the social aspect of a person , without it christians and atheists aren't really different . this probably happens because i like my relationships 1x1 , it excludes the social ... when you do well at something and someone comes and say wow , you must work very hard and you get mad because they don't understand you are a genius . against abortion , in favor of the legalization of abortion . i'm against abortion , as you do , i also think that human life begins when the genetic codes are exchanged and that , consequently , ... i go with madam , my technique is not to go back home until i have finished everything i have to do . i study 6 hours a day , classes aside , and go to the gym . not even i can believe how much i'm ... f * ck , this is so pseudo-deep it could be a teenage intp phrases from an enfj girl . your desinterested interest attracts girls you look atheist you are very different from what you look like , but at the same time , you aren't well , i guess i give ... i can relate to you , with the diference that this fi-ish part came up as i got older , not the contrary . i don't care that much about people on a personal level , but i have a drive to understand them ... you seem to have a very philosophical nature , more than entps . i would go with intp . you have a strong ne , but it don't think it dominates your thinking . i'm asking my intp friend questions right ... never anything malicious , all very impersonal . i like analysing people and their behavior , and sometimes i share it with an intp friend , but i don't judge the people i discuss . redcarol said it . if you observe an entp , you will notice that he hardly ever seeks people , if no one comes to him he may even spend the entire day alone . so seeking for your company is a pretty ... 60190 i like it's light and citric scent , and i like the fact that this fragrance is not used or known by many people ( in fact i know no one aside myself ) , i dislike it when everyone is using the ... we are not very emotional people , we excel at social situations , but we lose interest in people after we figure them out . so you might see him get close to someone very fast and some time later ... comparing my brother's ( enfp ) and my childhood i think the girl is enfp . my introvert mother and my brother were almost always at war , he is and was very smart , and very good at understanding ... am i the only one that saw her subliminal message ? on a more serious note , i think that entps can be attracted to absolutely any kind of place , from night clubs to libraries , chess clubs to ... the same thing happened to me , i wanted to play the songs , but not to spend time learning to do it . in fact , more than wanting to play the songs , i wanted to know how to play , so i would be able to ... me , the dr and who else ? we are in need of an extra entp d . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fbkv5xOLvnA watched them live some time ago ... and they sucked , but they are still cool on my cellphone . i dislike the mv , so the lyrics video . i collect money . ( in my cute piggy bank ) aside from that ... nothing right now , but when i was a kid i had many metal toy cars , i played them as if they were people , there was the leader , a very ... ... you remember you forgot . yeah , i'm aware that drugs are as difficult to replace and not use as cellphones and gasoline , and i know that all of them are completely illegal bussiness . i can't compete with your ... then we understand eachother , i understand that in your case you have reasons to believe you are not harming anyone elses life , as i said before , this point isn't directed at you personally , and you ... a webcam snapshot is the most you are going to get . i always run aways from the photos , so i don't have any . ps : are entp girls hot or what ? when you have to keep yourself from writing more inside the parentheses than outside of them . i did a test and got hufflepuff ! haha but from humility , work , patience , loyalty , equalitythe only one this test actually tested was the loyalty bit . i'm not hard working in general , i'm not very ... 1 - ok . 2 - i said it is nothing directed at you . not every drug consumed or sold in europe ( i'm assuming you are european , probably not western or south european ) is made in europe , tough . 3 - ... i don't see using drugs in itself as weakness , you see , i like eating tasty food to feel good , even tough they are not really necessary . my first problem i already stated , i like being myself , and ... i'm with marac and motocrossx 23 , i like having a clear mind . i only drink beer ( only 2 brands i like ) and whisky , otherwise i go with soda or water . i don't smoke anything , and never tried any ... good : smart , shrewd , funny , self-confident , charming , seductive , complex , interesting , critic . bad : complex , seductive , arrogant , jerk ( ladies favorite ) , lazy , spaced-out , cold , argumentative , ... '