' sounds like you're talking to me from four years ago . considering that's the time i dropped out of college . so unfortunately all the doom and gloom you spoke of not happening . happened . wasn't so much when i started college . rather while attending . the staff , the teachers , the rush of the schedule , and so on . the inability to delve deeper into the subjects . i think the turning point ... what happens if your ability to travel the world is inhibited . i have explored other things however though . actually i've dabbled in quite a few things when i was on the medication . none of them ... people often say they are passionate about something ; or more specifically passionate about the work they do . like someone is passionate about writing science fiction books . my passion since i ... yea i have been repairing computers since i was 10 years old . didn't start programming until i was 13 . even with all the knowledge and skills i've acquired doing that . people don't want me . not to ... well for the past 4 years i haven't really done anything with my life . including being jobless . someone suggested to me to try volunteering for example peace corps . i'm not really sure what that ... that's a very interesting site . good timing as well considering i just bought a nice pair of open headphones . i wonder if there's an optimal listening time to a certain frequency . or if these ... that's something i never got money . never motivated to do something solely based on money . which is probably why i'm unemployed . for example if someone says to just go get a job at < insert fast food ... hmm you may be right on the ne thing . a book well requires paying attention to detail . the concept was already explained earlier . so your trying to find connections . the book isn't giving you the ... yea i have tried the whole organization and planning thing . it didn't work so i tried to just keep a mini plan in my head . it doesn't help . so i would set my self a mental deadline . that didn't work ... i'm not sure what to call it but i've experienced it for a long time . let's say i'm reading a book on something particular about digital circuit theory . i pick up where i left off on page 130 ... about a year ago i was at my neurologists office . it was a simple follow up so i didn't see my doctor i seen his pa . she told me even though i'm sleeping doesn't mean i'm getting good sleep . she ... exactly . it used to be this 16 personality types quiz a page with an actual mbti quiz like the enneagram quiz yes i had figured you guys were aware and on top of it . but i got a little too curious . speaking of linking on the front page where on the top right where it has 16 type quiz the site is no ... it's possibly due to malware being distributed through ads . in which case if you have a whitelist of some sorts setup you shouldn't need to worry . or a blacklist extension like adblock plus shouldn't ... i noticed just recently that my profile now shows and on my posts that my socionics type is eie . honestly i had no idea what that was . i know that it automatically fills out your demographic based on ... well i just stumbled across this thread and attempted the variants test . found out i'm more stupid than i thought . some of the questions i don't even understand . i would rather be without a ... well at least we cut past the nonsense and now i'm talking to you . modern astrology has never hurt any one either ; maybe their wallets . it's almost unbelievable how many scams of that are going ... wow it's like you read my mind . i do have a lot of issues . sadly i can't be helped even by the professionals . yes i just recently turned 14 . but you probably already knew that too . spooky ! yes i feel dumber with every word i read from your posts . is that first sentence suppose to be sarcasm ? poking fun of the imperfections of the scientific model ; maybe for the irony factor ? ... i guess the major portion of my reply being astrology didn't come off as a history lesson that can be applied to modern theories . well just didn't register at all . you may just be using it as a ... i was about 13 years old at the time . probably the point in your life when things can start to turn upside down and become confusing . and i think especially being an intp you really are lost as to ... for some reason the past couple weaks i have been trying to understand the mbti better . the more i try to understand it the more i question the accuracy of the result through typing yourself , taking ... funny thing is just because you were once 17 doesn't mean you have a clue what another persons life is like at 17 . i hear that so often well when i was your age . therefore you got nothing to pout ... the very fact i am responding to this thread in an attempt to give you a slightly different perspective . more than likely i will confuse you more than anything . so disregard what i say . in fact don't ... when writing that i realized how psychologically bad that must of been for me . then i read this reply i'm sure i'm pretty fucked up in the head and suffer from delusional thinking . growing up ... i had left college in may 2012 . due to severe depression . as noted in my previous threads on these forums . upon leaving college i knew that my life was pretty much over . when i tried to answer people ... lol yea they are my parents . i'm a terrible cook . even cookies i would end up burning . besides they would have to be some damn good tasting cookies to be memorable . as for the first idea i'm not the ... so i wanted to give something to my parents this year for christmas day to show my appreciation for their support . the only problem is i don't have the money to buy them anything . which is a ... maybe not the same but it goes the same with people misusing through or threw . even though that's a lot harder to mess up . people still mess it up . or incorrectly using affect or effect . or ... i would agree that i am my own worst enemy . as far as creating a false reality of my self . while that's possible how does one really know the reality of one's self ? maybe some people are better at ... thanks every one for the responses . note to self : never write any long ass messages again i wanna respond to this one reply in particular though . how the hell could i fail miserably at ... yea the debt part you are probably right . as far as dropping out of high school . the way i see it is that under education in my resume they will see ged and obviously know i dropped out of high ... so this is a really long message i intend to send to employers along with my resume . i was wondering if it was too much . or too much honesty . or if it's so stupid that employer's will just laugh at ... wow i feel dumb i didn't realize this thread was that old . i just went to go check and it's over lol . i don't really recall ever putting it under . well i would assume there would some bias to gender on that poll . cause a girl ain't gonna go back to ... ah sorry what i was referring to was the technique procedural generation . here is an excerpt from the wiki page it can probably explain it better than i can . source of course since the ... no the average computer today can simulate the universe . it's called procedural generation . just not on a realistic scale that i am talking about . the first game to do this was made in the 1980 ' s ... you know what they say about november babies ? : kitteh : you were a valentines gift from your dad . same . i prefer to think of us as a two headed goat . combing our left side brain with our right side brain we are an unstoppable think tanking machine . a virtual program that simulates the universe . where you can never get hurt , feel pain , die . unless you wanted to . because you could make anything possible by the simple will of your mind . you want ... people are full of flaws which makes them perfect . now try to wrap that logic around your mind . http://i363.photobucket.com/albums/oo79/john_dxx/Spewmilk.jpg gemini . it's funny to see the similarities between gemini and an intp . of course at a younger age i took it a little bit more seriously . it was the only thing that could see who i am , and give me an ... someone said i may have a dissociative disorder though there's not a ton of information i can find on it . for vitamin c i'm taking a supplement called sweet wheat it has a lot of the vitamins in it including vitamin c it has 3.5 mg which i'm not sure is enough . also i tend to drink caffeine drinks a lot ... the day before yesterday the back of my throat started hurting when i went to sleep that night i woke up yesterday morning with what felt like almost a completely closed throat and very painful to ... 1 ) usually the same story sometimes it changes . 2 ) the kind where you lose someone most important to you . so important that it's almost fictional 3 ) funny enough i never kill any one but in some of ... i have . i seem to be doing it more and more often . for over the past year or so i've been doing it . it's never really anything good . i will create a very vivid detailed fictional dreadful event that ... you're attempt at insults are laughable at the most . i bet your level of intelligence is equal to your inept insults . don't even try to respond . cause i won't . i've learned that arguing with an idiot ... '