' no , no , and no . in my opinion . i believe the adage you have to hit your kids sometimes is really just totally wrong . there are plenty of ways to discipline children that do not involve physical ... it does kinda sound like she's using you to an extent . don't do anything for her that you don't want to do . that's not what friendship is about . sounds like she tries to guilt you into doing stuff ... hey , i never said i was making an attempt to be wholly logical in my response . :P as for your comparison , it actually is kind of like that . i'll consider the emotional reactions to all of my possible ... i use logic alot . i consider myself to be a fairly logical person . but i always put emotions first , and then start using logic . i won't be logical if it means hurting someone , ( unless i hate you ) but ... i am a generous thinker . confidence : 2 ( eesh . ) openness : 4 extroversion : 14 empathy : 90 trust in others : 34 agency : 12 masculinity : 2 ( ... well ... ) femininity : 90 ( ... i guess i'm a woman . ) http://img9.imageshack.us/img9/4261/snapshot2011091411.jpg clean shaven face and wild , overgrown head hair . that's me a few minutes ago . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W_PxWw_g_pE ain't no church bells ringing , ain't no flags unfurled . just me , you , and the love we're bringing into the real world .  ... okie dokie . and don't mention it . : 3 oh , and if you don't know how to edit your signature on here , just go to settings at the top of this page and scroll down . on the left side go to my settings > my profile > edit signature . on the mypersonality page go to my account then create a badge . customize it and then click save badge . put code type to forum code / bbcode and then copy / paste that to your sig . should work ... i love your hair . very cute . makes me wish my hair didn't suck . i'm down in lake worth , florida . but i'd be too nervous to meet up . . _ . i eat meat ( shut up ) . no qualms about it . i respect those who don't though . hm . i like math . what i tend to detest most from people is arrogance . and people who are two-faced . and i always hate people who say they're my friends , and then when push comes to shove , they prove ... actually , i am in really bad shape financially . i pay money to my ex-wife as part of our divorce settlement , among other bills ... i just had no choice but to make you pay for lunch the other day ... i get it . where do i turn in my awesome video game knowledge for love ? hm . interesting . > _ > i have pretty big eyes . and not to sound vain , but i think they look pretty . i always stare into my own eyes in the mirror . i wish i could take a good picture of them but my ... heheh , that's good then . i'll be sure to keep it up . : 3 well , i'm definitely nocturnal , so i support your theories . oh no , thank you . i actually just realized that's the second time i've made such a comment to you . now i feel kinda creepy . stop being so pretty and maybe i'll stop complimenting you . i don't know about him , but i bawled . i didn't think the square block was gonna make it ! i like a really wide variety of games . really , i think in most games you're free to let your imagination run to some extent . i'll often try to make a little bit of a story for myself using my ... funnily enough , i was just having a conversation with myself as i saw this topic . ^ pretty trippy . dear god , you're adorable . @_ @ http://www.filmjackets.com/FILM_JACKETS/310toyuma/A310toyuma-008.jpg hm ... did i write this ? jeez . i'm essentially the exact same way . i always make excuses for why i do what i do yet i know deep down it's really my fault . i feel , too , though , that once they get to know ... nice look . just add shoes ! you're a pretty good looking dude , if i can say that without sounding weird . what he said , i think you look really good as is . though nothing wrong with trying ... i'm cool with handshakes . i shake people's hands all the time when meeting them ( or even just greeting them ) . it's just courtesy , imo . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I_CvcTUxz38&feature=related about as moving as it gets . a song that expresses a whole world of emotions without speaking a word . well , to the left it says your gender is female , so i'm going off that . i'm not very sure what snogging is . that said , definitely snog happythoughts . i've noticed this too , and i haven't the faintest idea why it is like that . you'd think there would be a reason that they are separated like that though . maybe someone here knows . i was actually just thinking about this around an hour ago . yes , i do . i try not to think about it most of the time , but when i do some evaluation , i don't see why a woman would really want me once ... i smile alot . in conversation i'm almost always smiling . i don't even have to be happy , i can just give off a warm , genuine smile with no real effort . or so it seems to me . i think it's good to smile ... i thought of joining one once , but it just seems like it wouldn't be worth it to me . i could see myself meeting someone on one , but i surely can't see it as all that likely . too many expectations on ... 22 . i wasn't really too sure on a few of them . particularly the ones about the senses being overwhelmed . so i just said no on most of those ones . i am extremely sensitive . i get told so alot . someone ... meeh . it's alright . when i'm really tired . i've been up till at least 3 am the last several nights playing video games among other things though , so i can't say it's my favorite pasttime . > _ > i've always had trouble sticking to exercise . and i could really use it too , and i don't really mind doing it . i just never really feel like starting up or something . so i'm very scrawny . there are ... heheh ... okay , you got me . i can't help myself . : 3 oh yeah , more favorite musical artists and big influences include bruce springsteen and jackson browne . and the beatles . and more ! i guess i can't narrow this down as well as i thought . those three i ... musically , i separate my biggest influences ( who are also my favorites ) into three categories . as a lyricist , bob dylan . as a pianist , dax johnson . as a singer , my father . my three favorite ... ^ hoho , watch out for this guy . i am super weird . i do much like a few others have said and speak in weird accents and act in odd character . often acting like i'm drugged or something and making up random stories . saying things ... where am i ? i'm in my house . come on over . we'll have pancakes . just stating the facts ~ ugh , i know how you feel . generally , i'd focus on doing the task at hand as well as i can . if you let your mind wander while doing something unappealing , naturally your mind will start thinking of ... i'm easily sidetracked too . it's a hard thing to fight off . but i seem to become better at it if i just try my hardest to stay the course and get what needs to be done , done . at first i can feel ... you're very pretty . just letting you know . > _ > i picked soulmate . though i don't believe in soulmates , but i think you know what i mean . what i want is someone i love ( maybe kids , but that's completely dependent on what the one i end up with ... just write . writing takes time , and writing can be hard . but you get your plot down and ideas and your brainstorming and all that , start writing , rewrite , rewrite again . takes time though . rome ... ooh , found this one of when i was a wee lad . http://img148.imageshack.us/img148/6568/meold.jpg hey , baby , wanna come see my pikachu ? ^ _ ~ '