' heh , i despise clingy women as well . guess that's why i'm still single :) did i act like he attacked my argument ? honestly i despise those men that run around their women like it's their mother , pleasing their every wish like codependent children . being vulnerable ... i heard that many enlisted females get pregnant when it's time to party ... i wouldn't enlist for anything as it is now . you keep your values , i won't fight for them . even though i generally like to ... hey , i'm spreading my love , what's wrong with that ? it's just my love language that's a bit different . sure , i'll grab ' em by the pussy :) come on kitty , you know you want to :) i'm not arguing with you , it was a statement . it wasn't even like that , he tried to explain why it wasn't 50-50 and then tried to come up with a way to make it 50-50 . he even stated let's see people as individuals instead of groups ... a ... he wants to create a legacy and you can't create a legacy from not being both brilliant and competitive . same thing with elon musk . he wants to change the world into something good , it's not like ... love is just a social construct used to get resources from men you know :) well anger is my motivating force and i don't really believe in love ( it's too conditional , especially from women to ... don't let me stop you . yes , all you need is love . there's no biology , no logic , no consequences . it's not like these 2 men were born with exceptionally high iqs and that their testosterone ... entropy is a bitch , but no one sees it until it has taken all there is . but yeah , let them do their thing . i will as well . do you want to build buildings on rocks or ice that might not melt this summer ? being competitive was what made google what it is . now the regressive left wants to turn it into a tea party where ... it's kind of strange , but this thread felt like fi over te in the beginning and then quickly became te over fi . that's the resentment that drives the left . it's not about helping the poor , it's about destroying the rich like they've done in each and every case they got the power . i know why they hate white ... there's twin studies debunking what you just wrote . you can make iq higher for young kids , but that flattens out when they mature , which means that it's not g they measure . so it's not unfair to ... yup and that excellent reputation those very , very few entj women have worked so hard for , that truly kick ass will be destroyed by this when they put esfjs with the right gender in their positions ... something tells me it's hard times being a rational 1 in times like these . i'm not really that positive in that our democracy will survive this . he's a white knight , that googler , actually wanting to create more diversity . it's just that he was too naive to think that ideologues would care about facts on their way to utopia . well one less ... i love it . now the left are eating their own . so can you debunk simon baron-cohens research which he used in his internal paper ? why are there so few female computer programmers in scandinavia ( hint ... petty ? it's truth . wtf are you on about ? sure , it has to.heh , social escapades ... i like that :D yes , it's a challenge because that's what a lot of interactions are anyway . so , what kind of car do you have . but that kind of talk is boring . the will to power ? :) i teach you beyond man ... well i'll try to take a picture next time :) oh , so it's more like you've been in my ni for all along ? damn , that pattern thing is much stronger than i thought . yeah i guess it's like when things ... well i saw a lot of positive emotions and just like you asking a lot of questions and then i kind of got the distance and then impression they got cold feet and opted for something else in a hurry ... well this guy tried to , but failed https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QBV38QlmayU actually the left vs right divide scares me . it's no longer about objective facts and the left won't take any prisoners . when they wake up the less liberal side of the right we'll start moving for ... i guess jung would call it shadow work , but i kind of understood projection innately before i read about it . compatible ... i think it depends on intelligence ( to get a connection ) and a couple ... most lesbians i know have a more masculine trait which makes me think it's nature . same way most gay guys are feminine . it would be interesting to see if there's a genetic component to ... it's not a theory . intelligence is the number one predictor of future outcomes . actually i think i've seen that . 1 intj + 1 infj have a connection and one of them goes blue and both of them light up , and then the second infj is like hey , how about me ? . i kind of saw that , ... the thing with having your cards open is that some people will try to attack those , which tells me what their weak points are and then it's game on . otherwise my games are generally more for laughs ... junkie whiskey stripper ? strip for junk whiskey ? sounds like a plan . stripper ? sure , i think we differ a lot on trait openness . actually i can get pretty pissed at people wanting to close the door but i guess it goes both ways . it went pretty fast from equal rights to becoming a cancer on society . still i'm an empowered man and i don't need a wife , children or a mortage to tell me what to do : laughing : damn you guys are really in your heads . 68 % ? i think those guys are more binary . i think this is more like it , but it takes the genes + a really bad childhood to be like that guy : ... what i'm saying that either you have that natural mentality conscious and act overtly aggressive i . e . set borders . or you label it bad and put it in the unconscious and act passive aggressive . same ... it was kind of meant like a joke and kind of not . i've met single intjs women hitting their 40s and it went fast . i think i understand , but still , playing that game or pattern isn't something i ... all psychological disciplines tries to explain / cure the same biological human beings . this people are the same social construct mess must go . fuck me , the next time i see an intj with baby rabies i'll run even more for cover : shocked : by are you catching the pattern you mean if you're both on the same wavelength ? i'm curios , ... not really . that's more being vulnerable , not dependent . being dependent means releasing authority . good luck getting an 8 to do so to someone other than god . does your mr willy have a personality as well ? : rolleyes : then isn't it strange that there's more male to female transvestites ? should be , extraversion and positive affect are connected . the relationship between extraversion , neuroticism and aspects of trait affect - sciencedirect well high extraversion + low neuroticism . you mean my mr willy has a personality ? well i think so .. yes ! : laughing : that's not truth . intelligence is the number one factor for success and conscientious is the second factor . if you get to decide if you want to be born poor and smart or rich and dumb you'll ... i guess that is connected to extraversion as well ? it takes more work to fix negatives than positives . making uncomfortable things comfortable / acceptable takes time and work . it's not about other people judging you , it's about you not standing up for yourself in real life . good enough ? '