married by 25 and after that have like 6-8 kids , this is not a joke i just like kids . i hope for 3 girls 3 boys . and if the first is a girl , i will name her jasmine . its a vary enchanting name lol ! i would go with brain . why wont the pic show up ? thats my second thing i am wondering here testing the pic enfp thing here i though i was a esfj , others have called me one . but i took the test at mypersonality.info and it said i was a enfp . have you fond the test at the site a consistent one ? and what are the chances its ... thanks that helps a lot ! what happen ? did you make it ? please get back to us and let us know how it went ! in the past on some posts some people had in there signature what seemed to be some sort of a myers briggs badge , or pic , or something . of there type . it would say ( ill just use my type here ) esfj ... oops not a admin , skycloud 86 said there was a members list somewhere and that that was the number i was told that number bye a admin , no i did not count them all lol ! thanks , just to much to do to little time . ya , that happens to me a lot too i'm not just here , i look at the new post lists . its just i don't find much i care to post on tired ... lol i don't get the sleep i need . ask family for help , if they won't ask a best friend and pay him back later . other why's sell blood , semen , and organs ... i'm a esfj guy , i do my best to help others and its nice to get a thank you of some king every once and a while . ill tell you though there are down sides to being a esfj . some times i argue will my ... i have been depressed so depressing things . some times ill play rock songs and sing . i think if you save sex for when your married . it will bring you closer to your wife in the end . maybe you need to get some more friends with your level of morals . try joining a church . i go to the ... we all wanna make perfectly beautiful art . but in order to make that beautiful art you have to make mistakes . no one wants to make a mistake . so a lot of people don't try . my advice . start small ... i like green too ! color of life ! and camo is fun to play with when camping i am a esfj guy . i have a vary hard time dealing with stress . i don't tell anyone . guys make fun of me for feeling as much as girls . and will bite my head off if i cry . and telling girls is a bad ... i play metal or rock mp3s and let it build up over months tell i blow up . sometimes i take it out on others but mostly on my self . not vary healthy i know . but any time i tell someone they take it as ... no . i hear it vary good though . i am a esfj guy . not many of us i know . remember we are not all the same so this would work on me but maybe not on another esfj guy . tell the truth . speak esfj if you want . ( tell your feelings ) and ... i am a esfj guy . truthfully is a good one . speaking esfj is a good one . what i mean by that is . when you talk to us . tell us how you feel . any way you can . i like chatting with everyone i know . i am shy with people i dont know . so give us time and include us tell we feel ok to open up to you . i dont know how to spot them yet sadly .. i blast my mp3 player . if i dont have that i do over the top things to deal with the stress :/ not fun to be around me then . im a esfj guy i try to be looking cool but not be the same as other guys . try speaking esfj for once . tell him how overwhelmed you ( feel ) and how you need help getting things done . and when you need help and dont get any you ( feel ) so alone and tired ect.ect.ect . think of it as seem building . it needs to be let out or we will explode . do all of those listen . propose solutions to the problems . give her a solder to cry on . we run on emotions . so if we are vary pissed we may just have little reasoning and a lot of emotions to let out . i am a esfj guy i like to help everyone i can out . not when i feel bad for them . when i know then need help or just to make others lives easy . i feel good when i help others to . maybe do some ... im a esfj guy . remember we are not all the same . and remember we are extroverted feelers . so if what you did hurt someone else . or us . or your self . with intent . we feel bad for who was hurt . then ... insulting ? no your fine . i am a esfj guy by the way . well a lot of people seem to have had a friend or a gf / bf that they had a bad experience with and judge all esfjs the same . the way esfj is ... wow this is long . sorry . i guess i needed a let out today ... but lots of details for ya :) please make sure you dont take everything i say as exactly what every esfj guy will do . we are all ... i am esfj guy . there seems to be almost no esfj guys on here and not many of those few bother to post ... so ill tell you what ever you ask . ill try to reply to all previous posts . but there's a lot ... i'm a enfj guy . not many of us here so take my little bit as one out of many experiences and approaches to this . do i plan things out ? ya and i plan for the worst and prepare for the worst and am ... apparently there are only 54 esfj guys here out . of how many people ? was it something like 2k ? dang i feel lonely now .. i see lots of questions for esfj guys i cant find and reply to them all . so ... i am new here so hello ! why when i read posts about esfjs that there are no esfj guys ? are we that few ? or at least on this form ? show your numbers by posting here ! girls too if you want . just list ... o and i am open to questions . ask away . my friends are almost never on fb . i was so board before i found this place . so dose this mean i am the only active esfj guy here ? ? why do you want that ? o_o its nice here . i am new here and i like it here as well ! i'm a esfj sometimes shy to new people guy . do your best to understand there point of view . ask what they think and if you disagree try to not to say anything or do it as soft as you can . in truth it ... i'm a esfj guy so no surprise here . i want a wife i can share my virginity with . start a big happy family with . and all my life ! and eternity with ! ! ! ^ _ ^ ya i get away from them fast or i might get in a fight if they punch first . i feel the need to be alone but i hate it at the same time . i try to be alone is when i can't take my family or the need for people is overwhelmed the need to be alone . but i still want to be around ... i am a esfj guy just out of his teen years . i can tell you i'm more emotional then most guys and i did ( and still do sometimes ) get mood swings and depressed . i don't have a mental health level . if ... sweet ! congratulations !