jimmy ooooh i've played a ton of battlefront as well ! ( on pc though ) . completed gta as well , and the sports games , definitely :D other than that , i play pretty much anything ! i'll check out the ... yeah :D and i'd happily slap on another seven , but i kinda got my degree so that ain't working .. for seven years , i've lived in a hall with 8 people . (8 at a time that is , when people graduate , others come in their place ofcourse . ) for the first one or two years it was a bit like the experience ... etudiante just keep an open mind about being either of those two types , since you , the tests , and the people around you don't seem to be in complete agreement . i feel like it's hard to type yourself ... it definitely feels more like enfp to me ... - the quote shows that you have a fiery personality , pun as always intented ! - the fact that you put it in all caps adds to that . it's like your shouting your beliefs and feelings at the people ... that's the most important thing i guess ! ^ ^ and wow , an isfj mother that loves horror movies , that doesn't really sound typical to me ! :D well , people just appreciate different styles of humor and that's definitely the case between an enfp and an isfj . same goes for enthousiasm . you can't get too caught up in that sort of stuff and ... are you having any specific problems recently that you seek help with ? i meant the video gaming-kind , but i actually enjoy tabletop as well ! and wow , to say that you're ' into tabletop ' is an understatement , look at that collection : o some great games on that list ! i ... hmm all three scores were between 50 and 60 ... any expert here to clarify them ? * welcomes you as well but does it by screaming in a loud , in-your-face way , making you highly uncomfortable which makes me laugh but deep down inside i'm actually sorry * seriously though , hello ! i'd take the cord alone for five bucks :D 5 $ ? take that deal , brother ! so yeah , we made this a while back ! https://s9.postimg.org/j43234da7/10382175_10204990553302399_9093824729413746651_n.jpg type 1 danse macabre : 1w2 michaelthemessiah : 1w2 amadis : 1w2 type 2 i dream of a supernova : 2w1 so / sx musicalmeggie : 2w1 - 5w4 - 9w1 ocicat , whatever that may be ! retsu do thisu ! 1 ) where are you from / where do you live ? belgium . you know , that country the size of your block . 2 ) how old are you ? ( ballpark is more than fine ) 24 or 25 demolition memoirs of an era now obsolete a symphony bitter , not a trace of sweet an abundance of pillars carried the torso then you came along and even more so tried to carry the weight of ... positives : she does all that stereotypical isfj stuff . naturally takes care of those things an enfp can't be bothered with . listens to you when needed ( but unfortunately rarely understands you ) ... i want to decorate the house for halloween but i'm too lazy to go buy halloweeny stuff often challenging , as you might expect from this combination . anything specific you'd like to know ? as far as the isfj mother goes , yesss i wonder if there are any celebrities out there , like really famous celebrities , who can't swim and get embarassed because they can't swim and have to avoid any activities near water to avoid the ... no , it's not that one . on the one i'm talking about , you answered approximately five questions and it told you you were male / female , after five more questions it told you something else . the answers ... hello , i remember a website where you got a choice between two pictures everytime , and progressively the site could tell you more and more about your characteristics or personality as you answered ...