' when i was in first grade , i punched a guy for no reason . he got a nosebleed and said it was okay and i cried . all my life aka 17 years . thank you so much ! and i wonder why they don't get you ? dear intps you have no idea how happy you make me every time you say i missed you , or every time you give me a long hug . i adore you so so much , infp - my dad was an activist , and my grandmother ( my mother's mother ) got threats from self-identified cops saying that if we didn't give up my dad , bad things will happen . - when i was in third grade , ... i can burp on command ( i'm still working on burping the alphabet , though ) . i'm in my second year of college as a film major , and i'm still unsure whether i chose the right path or not . i enjoy my classes , and i've made some great friends , but there's still this nagging ... i currently live in a dorm and my room is an eyesore . my trash bin is full , clothes and shoes are everywhere , and my desk is covered with readings and notebooks and water bottles . the only neat part ... dirty dancing . dead . vladimir putin . i'm planning on staying dead . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yNPLK4Nl1hU a reading / video interpretation of elizabeth bishop's one art for an english class . i only wear makeup on special / formal occasions . most of the time , i just leave my face the way it is . i've never been pressured into wearing it regularly . sometimes , though , i feel like wearing ... it depends on the issue . i'm usually very agreeable , but i call people out when there's some form of injustice going on , especially if it involves the people i care about ( be they the perpetrator or ... is the filipina woman you know also an infp ? or is it a filipino thing ? haha i try to be nice to everyone , but there is just one person i cannot stand at all . i try to be at least civil to him , but sometimes i end up being hostile . most of the time i just ignore him . whip out their willie in the wilderness is probably the best thing i've read today . hello , fellow infp ! :D welcome ! i love enfps , the ones i know give great hugs . :) it depends on the gravity of the issue . if it's just a petty disagreement , i'll usually just let it slide . but when it comes to defending a person i care about , or a cause that i support , i argue ... pisces sun , scorpio moon , aries rising . usually when people ask i just say pisces . last night a friend said it matches with me being an infp , so basically i'm a super pisces / infp . my chinese ... you're so cute ! you're my favorite person . thank you for listening . you're so weird , why are we even friends ? ( jokingly ) i don't know why you keep listening to me . are you okay ? ... injustice and exploitation of the 99 % by the 1 % , like : - tuition fee hikes , inaccessible quality education - harassment , land-grabbing , and even killing of indigenous peoples and peasants - media ... intps . heh heh . three of my past crushes have been this type . this happened between me and an entp acquaintance a few weeks ago at a dorm party , on the night when i got drunk for the first time . the scene : i just puked on the floor when the entp guy joins me ... yeah , i participated in some debates in my intro to philosophy class , and i didn't cry ( wow what an achievement lol ) ! but i still stutter , and i often forget what i'm supposed to say . thanks for the ... heeeyyy ~ i didn't really go in-depth , since my thoughts would probably go all over the place ( they already are lol ) , and i would probably need an outline for that .  ... http://36.media.tumblr.com/34b1e5716434ebff877ce49e547f6b28/tumblr_ny0ne6BgAh1qd2jpno1_500.png hi . 1 . got me - she & him 2 . tiptoe - imagine dragons 3 . red light - the strokes 4 . roman holiday - halsey 5 . touch - daft punk 6 . s . i . n . g . - my chemical romance 7 . mama , i'm a big girl now - ... i actually get this a lot--so often that i really don't know if they're being honest or sarcastic anymore . an acquaintance once called me cute , but with a certain kind of angst . she has since moved ... http://41.media.tumblr.com/dacffe27824f2ce87b151553f00b236c/tumblr_mx35mfU5RI1qio8k4o3_500.jpg #lifegoals i wanna be like her , but i couldn't help but stutter when arguing with someone . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bOlpK6Yj5a4 go back to sleep . the way a person's hands look while playing the guitar . i just find it really beautiful . i usually notice the eyes , or if a person has a great smile . i just have a thing for smiles . i honestly do not know how to flirt . when i start liking someone i try to befriend them , get to know them . usually when we become close friends the romantic feelings fade and i end up having an ... yes , many times , until i got too absorbed in solving other people's problems and helping them . i couldn't , especially when those people didn't want to get saved , or weren't willing to save ... last month on valentine's day my mom called me to tell me she loved me ( i'm in college , far from home ) , and i was so overwhelmed with happiness that i cried . still , it's wonderful how a seemingly ... you arex 85 optimistic the things that you saw in the test cards show that you have an optimistic personality , are out-going , happy most of the time and have a healthy and strong mind . when you face a ... you arex 85 optimistic the things that you saw in the test cards show that you have an optimistic personality , are out-going , happy most of the time and have a healthy and strong mind . when you face a ... 1 . what is this feeling - kristin chenoweth , idina menzel , ensemble 2 . turning - les miserable original broadway cast 3 . another brick in the wall - pink floyd 4 . simple as this - jake bugg 5 ... thank you ! so is yours ! : > hello , fellow infp ! i guess most of us are just really really interested in personality types . :) we must have different standards , then . :P hello ! thank you ... yes hello wonderful people of personality cafe ! ! i am not claiming to be hot in any way but i am new and i am an infp . this private message i received when i first signed up suggested that i ... '