' well ... i have no dogs or pictures of dogs . ( or i do if i google but you know .. thats not as fun ! ) i could go take a photo of someone elses dog outside but that would probably seem weird . but ... haha , woo ! : laughing : with your description i am sure we can be friends of some sort atleast ! or just dream and pretend we are but whatever ! welcome to the forums and hope you enjoy it ! : cool : if i should delay college by a year and just travel . i had plans to travel this upcoming summer and go to college after that but i have been thinking if i should delay it one more year and go to ... oooh welcome : happy : and i love the avatar , really cool ! welcome to the forums ! ! : happy : hope you enjoy your stay and have an awesome day ! ooh . swedish ! good choice : cool : and i am totally unbiased in saying that . welcome to the forums ! good for her ! but you frequently visit the hospital for their restaurant ! don't you lie to me ! nah , seriously , why were you in the hospital ! ? : tongue : only on season 2 ? ? ? i envy you so much right now : laughing : oh ... wow .. umm ! kind of a deep question that really makes you think . i love questions like that though ! my personal answer to that would be beautiful things , even though i had a lot of bad stuff ... ah , yeah .. there are some fake people out in the world .. that's true but at the same time there are a lot of genuine and happy people that really makes life so much better ! : happy : haha , that's ... nooo ! : sad : no aliens will take you adorable people from this planet without a fight ! i probably wouldn't put up a good fight but hey ! ! we are not here to question whether i am good at fighting ... yeah , i dont think i believe in it really either it's just a small part of me that wishes it was true ! not trusting people ? sounds annoying : sad : since i have no idea what happend for you to not ... not saying that i have contributed too much to this world as of yet but i am eager to do so and i belive there is a lot of small things we humans can do to make it better , step by step ! : happy : ... arent my eyes good enough ! ? :d ry : well ! ? that sounds scary tho . : shocked : haha woo ! <3 and yeah , in some cases ignorance is bliss is so true but at the same time , it would be kinda egoistic ( ? ) to just not care about the problems in the world . just pretending that ... haha , well .. i don't know who would read if i wrote books about sloths and people who like them : laughing : umm , the author is named nick perumov but the books are translated to swedish but not many ... i am not gonna lie . that makes me totally jealous : laughing : well .. do audio books count ? : frustrating : haha , not but seriously .. i wish i read more books tbh buuut i dont know .. just never happens xd that is the best thing with flights though ! forces me ... haha wooo ! ! :p roud : everyone who likes sloths are very wise in my books , so bonus points for you ! well , uuh .. i am welcoming you here .. so hi ! just kidding , welcome to the forums and enjoy your stay ! ! : happy : heyooo ! ! : happy : any travel plans for the future ? if you are looking for travel ideas , all i can say is interrail around europe ! i haven't done it yet but i will this summer and it sounds so ... welcome to the forums fellow human being ! : cool : hope you enjoy your stay and find some cool peeps to talk too . plenty of those around here ! i actually don't know what i enjoy the most lol . or well , i do .. but it's hard to explain a reason for it xd i enjoy the atmosphere and the happy influence it has on people and for 3-4 days i ... only infps allowed or ? ! meh , whatever im here and you will accept it ! : cool : yeah , i actually signed up for couchsurfing.com a few days ago : happy : that actually seems like a really fun way to travel and get to know places and maybe get the chance to make some international ... i guess i never had any real bad interviews since usually they go pretty well for me .. well atleast in my opinion : tongue : but i had an embarrasing moment in i think my first or my second ever job ... enfp here . : cool : i usually have a really hard time focusing when studying for something , which leads to me reading the same page a bunch of times xd it tends to get better when i am closing to ... i don't know if this is too crazy and if it fits the thread but i have been planning a trip around europe by interrail ! super excited ! : happy : still not sure if i am going alone or with my friend ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TQDLyGpe6xU this video is just great xd sfw for all you paranoid people ! exact same here .. lol it sucks : sad : i wish i could fall asleep easily but nope .. but my ideal sleep is 6-7 hours i guess but it usually ends up being 5 ! how songs from different times in your life can bring up old memories and emotions so well : tongue : just found a few of my older playlists and have been listening to them the whole morning and ... typing in all caps is life ! ! and also you look more energized .. which is always a good thing ! also , you made me realize i never press caps .. even while typing in full caps .. i just use my pinkey on ... also how life would be if instead of cars we had giant pigs as transportation . would we still be eating bacon ? and would the pig-insurance cover the costs if your pig somehow turns into bacon ? how to stop this boredom i am having right now ! ! i have plans later today but right now i am dying of boredom : sad : i think we all miss that man . i can't say i have seen him many other movies except for harry potter but he really nailed that role . get out of my head , sis ! that is exactly how i feel : frustrating : but praise the freedom ! ! haha , no need to explain why .. i have binge watched a lot of shit ! :p roud : thinking about it .. i think i have never watched a show without binging the episodes in as small a period of time as i can ... 753 as in episodes ? : shocked : holy cow .. lol ! i've heard about one piece and one of my old friends was a big fan but cheesus ! i have been in a similiar place like you in the past .. still not 100 % out of it but i can tell you that afterwards .. no matter how weird it may sound i am glad i got to experience it . i never want to ... oooh , nice ! which of the languages did you find the most fun to learn ? i am looking for a 4th language to pick up and was wondering if you have any tips ! : tongue : i guess you will be my last pitstop for my welcoming spree . was going a little overboard .. but fun with more new people here so hope you find your type and looking forward to seeing you around ! ! ... heyooo ! welcome to the forums and hope you enjoy your stay and i am sure we will get a long fine as long as you post some cat pictures . you know .. for science or something important , i promise ... i am no intp buuut that doesn't stop me from welcoming you to these forums .. oh no ! so , welcome and hope you find some fun intps here ! : tongue : i can get behind the loud music part ! drawing on the other hand .. if you like stick figures i can impress you but probably not even then : laughing : welcome to the forums ! ! heyooo ! oh , the struggles of insomnia .. i know them far too well : frustrating : and messy minds are always the most fun or atleast i enjoy mine .. even though it can be annoying at times ! but ... i don't know why but the first thought i get from your picture is to a guy on youtube who reviews fast food in suits : tongue : but other than that .. umm maybe .. straightforward ? if that makes any ... i do not even need to add a comment to this video .. pretty much explains it self ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FiARsQSlzDc&index=144 what is this chest hair you speak of ? and those mythical things called beards ? haven't seen any evidence of me getting any of those anytime soon : laughing : ( also 22 ) '