' are infps emotionally expressive ? so i'm an infp ( hi ! :D ) and one supposedly uncharacteristic trait ( or so i've assumed ) about myself is that i am often very openly emotionally expressive . ( is ... some people never learn that . it's an individual thing . not all of them though . i mean ... well , i am an infp ( ... no , i'm not mistyped ... yes , i am sure ) , and while i am very cautious with what ... this , exactly this . i feel the same way about entjs . usually me . she is sometimes doubtful about her decisions , because i've told her before that she seems self-righteous to me , so she asks what my opinion on a matter at hand is , and then i step in and ... oh my god , that is so intense . i never linked that vibe to the infj type , but i can see now why they are often described that way xd there is something intense yet mesmerising about this guy . he ... the hammer , thanks a lot for your input . it's a lot clearer now :) i've already ruled out isfp . i have a couple of isfp friends , so i've got the basic idea of what that's like . she's not very ... sorry to make a thread like this so soon after the previous .. xd my mom and i are pretty similar in a lot of ways , except that she drives me nuts sometimes . i'm not even sure what it is that ticks ... thanks guys , you helped a lot :) that sounds like my dad . i forgot to mention - he's got a great sense of humour , and the way he tells jokes , he makes it very animated . like , he plays out the ... are there any obvious behavioral differences that could help me realize ? my dad's a conservative mind-oriented kinetic with a friendly , peaceful and very social vibe . he's a car mechanic , but also ... hi there ! :) happy to see you here ! i hope that you won't be disappointed . i smirk at it . obviously this person doesn't know me too well . people find it easier to label kids or colleagues as ' shy ' and just treat them that way instead of trying to understand them deeper ... yeah , i'm usually late for appointments as well . it's even become characteristic ... i feel absolutely no pressure until the very last minute . i'm just certain i'll make it anyway , until it's ... i meant - will there be other karaoke challenges ? what are points ? how does that system work ? is there a general thread on challenges ... ? ' cuz i can't find one ... :/ aww , i just found it and it's already over ? : sad : is there going to be another one ? since it's addressed only to entps ... i know my entp brother who lives on the 7th floor in a condo and has a balcony facing exactly west really appreciates the blazing sunsets there . the whole city ... eek . estp or a really , really angry esfp . actually , any really , really angry fe-type with periodic sociopathic tendencies or on the brink of insanity . ;D tmlt become a psychiatrist ( a doctor ... pests 4/10 i was a loner . hard to approach , and normally too inept at conversation for normal people to understand me . i made a friend on the first day , but lost her soon after , because she was an infj ... esfx ... to love winter , have winter as their favourite season ? i say - listen to the entj , they know what they're saying ... although , what i'd like add to that is - i think you should actually try to figure out what to do from here , as in , see if he has ... i'm feeling something similar , but with less rage ... just a lot of aggression and bursts of energy that i don't know where to put ... i'm just going to make a far-fetched guess here and say that ... maybe he : o ) had other plans o ) forgot an appointment he'd made o ) overslept o ) really had a stomach flu o ) really didn't feel like going because : ---> he realised it sounded like a date , but ... ixfx , + esfj , maybe . if taking tests is popular in their circle . mlt get drunk , do something they were really afraid of , and be happy about it in the morning , no matter how it ended ? entp ? .. to leave society and go live in the wild , in nature ? ixtp , i think .  ... become a psychologist ? entj .. type most likely to have no time for this forum ? i just killed a mosquito . it was one of those buzzy ones , it was really annoying , but i'm not sure if that was a good reason to kill it . i don't regret it , but i kind of feel bad about it now . i ... isfp . tmlt be a talented guitarist ? paver . ( a bored person absently placing the pavement ) tempted to say chedar ... mmm racer cease . feast stead ... pride stork isn't that exhausting for you ? seeing as you're new , i suggest asking around ; from what you've said , you might be a mistyped infp . blah , i couldn't tell who is what , but somebody advised me that tywin is the entj of the show while littlefinger is an intj . albeit , littlefinger and his manoeuvres and manipulations do seem more ... yeeah .. this explains the difference between the intj type that is my friend and the intj type that littlefinger is the patron of . kudos to you for going so in-depth into this . thank you all for your insights so far : happy : this is very interesting . i wouldn't have thought so many people would want to hide what is said to be their strengths . i guess it all just depends on ... i'll just jump to the assumption that most of us have felt uncomfortable in our own skins at least at some point in our lives , be it on a daily basis , for a lengthy period of time ( e . g . during ... when a character i can relate to / have grown attached to does something utterly stupid - something that would embarrass them , put them in a bad situation , if they break a promise or when they don't ... i love the video of that one . i think it sort of explains the meaning of the band's logo :) it doesn't match what the song means to me .. but it shows how unnecessarily judgemental the people around ... one of my favourite bands is poets of the fall . genre : alternative rock . you may or may not know them , i don't know how famous they are at the moment , but i was listening to them and i just thought - ... thanks ! :p roud : thank you ! although .. : redface-new : i wouldn't consider myself an otaku ! i like anime , but i don't spend so much time watching it ... http://myanimelist.net/profile/nightgal339 ho boy , this turned out to be a much longer post than i intended it to be .. i've heard that infp + infp couples are the most satisfied together . personally , i'm not so sure about that , because , ... that was so sweet on so many levels ! xd yes , stereotypes are stereotypes , and i don't like adhering to them a whole lot . : rolleyes : besides , i really look up to my entp brother * cough * nt * cough * , ... namaste ! ( because we've all grown way too used to hellos . ) i'm an 18 - year-old high-school graduate ( as of a week ago ! weee ) from latvia with an aspiring interest in psychology . my enneagram ... very sure . i've just been practicing being an asshole . = w = bluh , i'm way behind on this . i expected the discussion to be a little bit slower . i'm going to go post my intro thread now and then ... i guess the nature of an infp is just naturally supposed to oppose ( hey , that sounds like a rap line ! ) pragmatism . that's more of an nt / sj thing . i believe it's possible to re-wire your brain without physical masochism .. or sadism . with training , you can achieve anything - you can become a really good actor , you can even fool yourself , if ... '