' a stronger constitution . i'm always in pain . low-level and not life debilitating , but it's a drag to have weak knees , snapping wrists , overworked teeth , etc . that's kind of antithetical to an ... do you know this person well ? if you don't , just let some time pass . if you do , then let a lot of time pass . infj's tend to get more hurt by repeat offenses than one-off instances . also , infj's ... dusk at cubist castle ! ! great record , nowhere_man . i grew up in the 80 ' s and my brother and cousins were older , so i absorbed all that stuff . aside from nintendo music , the unsolved mysteries ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cuE13-jAkrE from robert altman's the company . although the song is really heartwrenching when it was used in twin peaks . i would love to move back to socal so much . i grew up in simi valley ( i know , not much there , but still ... a lot of good memories ) . but i have a pretty good job where i'm at , so the risk of moving ... what happens after some crosses the line ? bye-bye . no explanations , no big scenes , just a deliberate cold shoulder forever . wish i wasn't like this , but it is effective . yes , i've always had an old soul . unfortunately , at 28 , i also have old bones , now . seriously , enjoy your flexibility while you still have it , kids . but i was always mature in some ways , but way ... i'm not . or at least , not anymore . but if i like someone , which is most people i'm around , i'll do things for them invisibly . i'm happy when i can make someone else's life just a little bit more ... of course . when i get drunk , i'm livelier , more outgoing , and my typically dry humor becomes more emphatic . getting drunk is actually great for me socially , because though i may seem like i've ... well , here's the slighlty shorter version of the long story i had just written-and-erased ... i was raised christian since birth . went to my denomination's schools until college . and all ... i'm an ergomaniac . seriously , just give me something to believe in and i'll give my 110 % on the clock . but if i don't like the job ... i'll still work hard , but with more curse words . one thing i've noticed about a lot of infj's is frequently placing the song title before the artist when making lists . that has always piqued my curiousity . i recently reset my itunes , thus the ... 3 ) withdrawn , retiring , dreamy , hardheaded , reserved 6 ) stingy , unemotional , overly conventional 2 & 4 are on the trails , but i'm typically non-conforming . thus when i withdraw my ... all genres are good . the majority of artists in every genre , however , are not . to me , the golden age of hip-hop ( 1986-1993 ) was the most fascinating and fastest evolving musical revolution of any ... i only like the early stuff . late talk talk , bark psychosis , and especially disco inferno . i liked that 20 minute kraut rock song tortoise did , too . but for the most part , post-rock is too ... that's a good record . amazing what a portable walkman recorder is capable of when the singer behind it blends with the field recording . i actually do make music . as far as genres go , my approach ... emo : i'm mostly a revolution summer guy . rites of spring , embrace , one last wish , you know ... the bands that all had the same members . but up to indian summer , moss icon , early 90 ' s stuff is good ... daniel johnston - 1990 ( johnston is bipolar ) beach boys - smile ( the record label didn't even release it because it was too bizarre ) phil spector - back to mono compilation ( he would pull guns on ... rowland s . howard circa 1980 is one of my guitar heroes . what he does with the mxr blue box ... wow . - i don't really take care of my old honda accord and dress rather anonymously ( i don't care ... that's the thing with some infj's . if you know them , they'll be touchy-feely . if you don't know them , they may be cold . personally , i'm frigid around strangers . acting callused is kind of like ... yes , i blackout all the time . as long as i stay awake , it's not a problem . because i did fall asleep behind the wheel once . it's funny in retrospect . i was in my car , waiting for the stop ... when i was younger ( and more of an infp ) i suffered from a bad case of asthma . i'd have to go to the hospital and get medicated every few weeks / months . a nervous disposition may have contributed to ... i grew up on video games , but i'm not as devoted as i was as a kid . i still like rpg's , though . they combine two things i like : a long narrative and work . it's like reading a book , but you have to ... i used to be big on making mix tapes and cd's . but everyone has ipod's now , so i don't really do it anymore . also , when i started doing a radio show , it really broadened the vehicle for sharing my ... for sure . at least the natural ones . if they tax the hell out of them , it would help the country's economy . by making stuff legal , it probably wouldn't increase the amount of users too much . ... i make a monthly comic series , but the focus is less on technical skill and more on satirical content . i mean , i use ms paint to make the illustrations . i'm more of a robert smigel than a pablo ... i wrote this song on the airplane yesterday , so it's not really hammered out and still a bit nonsensical . but more and more , i've been writing songs inspired by astrological alignments . surely , ... you are what you love . but if you're not careful , you'll become what you hate . i have the same fear , too . sadly , i often go down those paths . sometimes it's not so bad , though ( more ... yes , i'm a fan of bones . perhaps it's my dominant f , but i enjoy it more for the characters rather than the mystery elements ( but only by a little ) . i haven't seen the first three seasons , though , ... reserve 63 % aggressive , 44 % instrumental , 74 % sophistication and 62 % weird ! reserve was a completely brilliant c86 band which never quite got listened to , probably because none of their stuff ... i used to put this on mix tapes for friends . it just makes me laugh so much . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yoTUXBbaFjE neutral good or chaotic good . i liked whiskeytown and the first few solo albums . especially pneumonia . i love the messages he leaves on people's answering machines . i think about this all the time . what makes art objectively great ? what attributes does it need in order to be canonized ? while not an expert or critic ( critics are friendless a-holes ) , i've ... the industry isn't going to change , which is why the definition of successful has been changing . most of the artists who were huge in the 90 ' s are either a ) bankrupt or b ) in reality shows . they ... witty camping out in absurd-land . and i have to self-censor myself because i can go off on chappelle-like streaks ( as far as making accurate but painful observations about my own race ) . but if ... star control ii ! ! ! radiohead are a gateway drug that can lead to more experimental music . when they burst out with creep , they were destined to be a one-hit wonder . but they kept experimenting and gained a cult ... probably doesn't correlate to my type , but when i was young and playing gold box ad & d games , i preferred fighter-class types , with a slight preference of speed / dexterity > strength . quick strikes . maybe people think you're too cool , and thus , intimidating . excluded because you're perceived as elite ? everyone in my social groups think i'm the coolest of the bunch . but really , i'm just ... twin peaks freaks & geeks arrested development chappelle's show inside the nba using a guitar and germanium fuzz pedal to pick up russian radio stations is way fun ! i love wire . well , at least the first three records . they were one of the first bands i napster'd back in the day . i'm a little more 154 than chairs missing . it's just so moody and mysterious . ... well , i'm only 48 % p / 52 % j , so not sure how that's going to skew my answer . the way i approach sex reflects the way i play basketball . i'm a defensive specialist ( i slow down the game ) , making it ... 2006 : one of the best years of my life ... http://i7.photobucket.com/albums/y274/phillipileto/INFJEyes.jpg 2009 : 2007-2009 were kind of bad ... no it's true . god help the girl just ain't that good . and the byrds really are heavenly . the thing i like about primal scream is that every release is usually radically different ( at least until ... ( 500 ) days of summer . it felt like i've seen that film before ... oh yeah , that's right . it was called my reality circa 2006 . jeez . cool , thanks alice ! ! the only song i still had was velocity girl because i love early byrdsy primal scream . i like tbwtas , but i love b & s best when stuart was the reluctant dictator . ... tigermilk and iyfs are where it's at , son ! ! do you have the c86 cassette comp ? i haven't heard that in years . hmm , well i'm pretty much a recluse these days , so when i do actually go out into the world , i pass as an extrovert because i'm legitimately thrilled to receive a dose of human contact in my life . a ... '