infp's in prison ... these threads seem to make it out that there are no infp's in prison in the first place . i bet theres tons of infp's along with every other personality type floating around in ... who ever said that a book was an only source of reading ? one can read on the internet , too . i didn't like reading when i was your age , neither . i'm a slow reader ; if i try to speed read , i simply don't get the material . i didn't start getting into novels until i was in my mid 30 ' s . this ... i'm 50 ... and i lost it at 24 . if i wasn't in the navy for 5 years , i may still be a virgin . btw : the first time i had it , i really didn't feel good about it . a few times more and 26 years ... you don't change it ; ladies don't change guys who have platonic relationships with romantically-involved women , neither . [ quote = ćerulean ; 96857 ] hi . maybe it's a snapping turtle i'm not sure if i ever met a stranger at a party before . most of the people that i meet have been through rl experiences . i like going to parties where there are people that i know , but i'm alone ... looks like a j compared to the inside of my car darn , i forgot my phone number ; be right back . that's interesting . when i was working for my rich uncle , one of my supervisors thought i was a whiner . i thought about that for a while . when i was happy about things , i really didn't say anything ... you're going to be fine . i've probably been an infp long before i knew of such a thing as infp . at least at 23 , you know yourself better than i did at that age . i know the feeling one gets when ... i have a question : what will be the difference between a t and an f . when i think of this question , i conceive the following scenario : you're date's talking about something that happened at work ... if my senses become too stimulated , i'm ready to crash away the afternoon . as a classroom teacher , i could fully assert myself for so many days before i could no longer completely recover from those ... if you want to teach english in the states , with any personality type , you better be prepared for more pressure put upon you as school administration is pressured to increase scores in both reading ... [ / quote ] you kinda nailed it on the head ; after 118 tries , i read something that comes close . you get pulled over on i90 near big timber , mt , because you were so engrossed with the special theory of relativity that you forgot to notice that you were going 100 mph with a 75 mph speed limit ( he ... i you like living alone , then you're not living alone ; you're living by yourself . i prefer living by myself ; if i need people , i'll find a bar or something like that . i love it all , except : long lines people who try to be be better than someone else at something parents who take high-school sports too seriously , or even seriously at all compulsory education ... i'm 50 , and i'm still looking for my passion . i would like to have a job / position that i enjoy doing and would look forward to doing every day . of course , if we all did what we loved to do , there ... the ability to make people laugh is such an overlooked talent . you people truly make life bearable . thank you i can play drums for a lot of bands out there . during my school days , i would bang on my desk driving teachers and students crazy . i also found myself finding the pocket with songs on the car ... a perfect day : when everything goes right . when i teach / taught , i find myself feeling like a fraud , too ; i get a fear of being exposed and being seen for whatever i am . it wouldn't matter what profession i am in ; as long as i think that ... i recently turned 50 , but i felt like i was 50 for the past three years . i wasn't granted a crystal ball when i turned 50 , but i can think in chunks of 5-10 years , maybe 20 if i expend more energy . ... does that make me grandpa ? 50 living alone would be dreadful ; living by myself is fine . once in a while there are pangs of loneliness , but most of the time i find it suits me well . when i had roommates , i got along with them ... it starts off fine enough : clean table , clean desk , nice to-do list . however , when things get going ( i teach / taught in a high-school setting ) i find myself getting distracted with the day-to-day ... john , your classroom management is superb ! ! ! you're quite the behaviorist ! ! ! i grew up in a world where ontime was late ; as a result , i'm rarely late for anything that's great if you can do it , but i see myself burning out if i try to get in the habit of making schedules like that and actually having to keep them . randroth , i'm sorry if i seemed a bit too negative on that particular post . teaching is what it is , and i just happened to spout off some not-so-desirable things in the profession as i experienced ... you'll find out that grades mean a lot to administrators . they will probably wonder why no one's failing in your class if the students are doing next to nothing . admin will probably want weekly or ... you an intj : keep your wits about you and you'll be fine . if it makes any difference , i'm the type that has to sit and stare for a long period of time before things start clicking in my head . it's like the information from the outside is sucked into a ...