' ... dislike talking about my deeper , actual feelings and weaknesses . i think there are like two or three people who i've ever been willing to share my deepest feelings and fears with . hmmm ... i don't really recognize that happening with myself . when i was younger , though , i had difficulties listening to instructions given by e . g my boss . it wasn't that i didn't care , it's just ... i do that , yes . i usually do it without even noticing if i'm talking to someone i like . but sometimes i've noticed i tend to touch my hair , my bracelets etc . if i'm nervous in an uncomfortable way in ... when people , old or new , will bluntly say you're weird ! . but not in a hurtful , bad way . rather with a crooked smile :D that could be the lesson there : kitten : seriously speaking , though , my personal life has been quite a mess recently . i mean i just got a new job , got my boyfriend , i get to travel quite a lot this ... home . airports . i also love the the sea , sitting by the sea is such a calming experience . i've had such random dreams lately ... i've always had dreams like every night and tend to remember them . for the past 2 weeks ive had tons of different animals in my dreams . i see different ... here's an example of how i'd express the same thing . i may sound like a major softie but anyway , there it is : kitten : the spelling etc is obviously not 100 % correct since i just copy-pasted but you ... how i see is , your e-mail sounds pretty harsh to me . words like immediately etc . added there , imo , is somewhat unnecessary . also , a couple of pleases would make it sound softer . when i write ... not because of that look :D but i got a serious case of resting bitch face so sometimes people ask me if i'm okay because i look so pissed off . which is funny since i often have rainbows and ... thank you for your honesty :) it's always good to have another perspective to things . and i think you have a good point with the lying-part . i think based on these answers i'll just talk to him ... so familiar : kitteh : last night i had my body lotion and soda can on the table and was about to drink the lotion : crazy : i manage to entertain my intj boyfriend quite a lot not really attempting to ... do you think dr . house is an intj ? seen him being typed as one quite a few times . had to try . didn't fit : laughing :: crazy : are you on drugs ? at 1 pm in the middle of the week . na-a just headed to work , actually i don't think you are lol ! i just open a million tabs until the whole browser just crashes and i lose all the tabs hahahah i have this weird habit . if i'm texting someone and someone starts talking to me simultaneously irl , i find it super hard to concentrate . and i will add to my texts emojis related to the actual ... one fun thing i've recently discovered ( being a broke student with no money to travel xd ) is being a tourist in your own city ! so many cool places and things to see / do i knew nothing about . ... care pretty damn lot 99 % of the times when i say i don't care . nope . when i was single and went out on dates , if i didn't feel chemistry then that was it . i remember my friends telling me to keep on dating someone just for fun and not over-thinking it ... trying to fit into the 9-5 normal person-life and dealing with my deep deep feelings when i'm e . g . sad do you other enfps get ( sometimes very ) annoyed by seeing people not utilizing their full potential ? e . g . the other day i was watching a tv show of a person who was obese and had weight-related ... i'm sorry to hear that . i don't think that's an intj issue at all , rather someone acting in a destructive manner . i'm in a relationship with an intj and he has once raised his voice when he was ... thank you for your advice . his messiness has been bothering me , yes . we talked about it and he said that now he doesn't really care how his place looks like but once we move in together he'll ... now that i got started , i'll ask this one , too ! i've been with my intj for 4 months and everything's been great . after our first weeks we've been together everyday and slept over at his / my place ... your advice made me giggle : crazy : i think i'll start by threatening with a fire if his stuff won't be gone by date x : cool : :p roud : good one , haha ! he want's me to move in with him at some point ( though i basically live here already ) but i thought i'll tell him i won't get rid of my own place until he learns to clean ... i like the idea of math . that if you're skilled in it and have that right mind then you don't really have to study it ( by studying i mean reading 1000 pages worth of stuff ) . the idea of getting it ... pros : - social skills , warmth , vision - understanding and openness for other people , phenomena etc . cons : - difficulty to conform ( traditional education system , 9-5 jobs etc . ) - difficulty ... how would you explain to a messy xntj that you really need to have a neat , organized home ? : crazy : i'm a rare enfp who needs everything to be in order , haha . i'm also highly visual and wan't my ... oh and one more point , me and his mom both call him the researcher due to his habit , haha . if he is interested in a topic , a public figure , a phenomenon etc . he can spend literally hours looking up ... i've been wondering if my boyfriend is after all an intj . he had taken the mbti-test at school , scoring as an entj but a rather ambiverted one . we've known each other for 4 months and i don't really ... it sometimes surprises me how deeply something i say offends my xntj boyfriend . it's not the sort of things that would offend me , rather things that sound like i'm questioning his integrity or ... maybe he just wants to take things slow ... : kitten : i'm in a relationship with an xntj . i'm also slow to open up to people on a deeper level and to get that feeling of trust that i need before taking ... i think so , haha . or at least my intj boyfriend says he thinks every person should have at least one enfp in their life : kitten : sometimes if i'm tired i tend to get crazy , laughing and bouncing ... i get addicted super easily ... video games , tv-series , laptop , iphone , different apps , alcohol , cigarettes , you name it . but i've learned to stay away from those things , i stay away from video ... i've always loved intjs ! i've been with my intj since last november . i was pretty traumatized by my earlier relationship and hesitated big time but his persistence really impressed me . he is ... i relate to what you just said . and as for me , i've noticed the te-discover happening haha . it's funny how being around an entj can inspire to actually accomplish something and have some sort of ... i think it depends on a person if they're emotional or not . my boyfriend is an entj . here are some of my remarks : the pros of this combo are definitely the entj being good with money , routines and ... i tend to suffer an identity crisis on regular basis , questioning all my choices , where i'm going with my life , will i be happy , am i doing the right thing and so on ... i think it's an enfp thing :) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S_RzBeC5ZJY i love love love carpool karaoke and sia <3 am very oblivious , especially when tired . i can seriously go to the kitchen 5 times after something , come back realizing i forgot it . not sure if add or just enfp : wink : are you on drugs ? is honestly the most common question to me . and nope , never taken drugs in my life :D funny you should mention that :) i remember reading an intj-conversation on enfps and what they all said , basically , was that they'd love enfps even more if we weren't so keen on traveling . like ... aww , great to hear you found your match , haha : kitteh : i've been really interested in the mbti for the past 3 years and was therefor very surprised when he asked me if i was familiar with mbti and ... great to hear haha : kitteh : i guess it depends on how you define overly emotional haha : crazy : i am very emotional but it's usually only inside my head , i am not too comfortable sharing my feelings with others . especially ... i'm an enfp who's been single for 5 years . i've really had some commitment issues and thought no one will ever be able to really rock my boat again , haha . until recently , i met a special guy . i've ... it's a bit ot but have to share : a while ago i met these two friends ( guys ) . the first one was out-going , funny , paid interest in getting to know me asking me questions and we were just having a ... my ideal partner : cool : these are the things i notice i value : 1 . calm and somewhat assertive / organized to balance me 2 . mature and have their life together ( haha ) 3 . likes to travel and ... '