hey everyone , i recently been going through vine videos , i was just wondering what do you think david lopez's mbti is - a vine comedian . let me know your thoughts ! thanks ! :) i believe the most confident type anyone that is an e or a p . i's are the least confident , unless they are a t or a p maybe a p combined . i pretty much know my type , i've taken a few tests and people tell me the way i am , and i agree with them . the only thing that throws them off is that i seem like an e sometimes , i think i'm just ... i mean , yeah , there not cool , unless you're an n , s's don't usually like board games . s's would rather be dancing , hello ! ! ;) yeah , i can see that happening . are they kind of an old soul ? esfj - are they nerdy ? i know a esfj , and i feel sometimes that person can get pretty nerdy , like play board games with friends . is this normal for a esfj ? i feel this person could be an n .  ... i can see how teachers liked me too , but you're a p , but i would kinda think you would be more out going ? or do you think you are pretty outgoing now , now that you are older ? let me know , just ... right ? you just want to be whole you want to be , and enjoy the people around you . i agree , doesn't matter when you get older for sure . basically i was not that cool , i was more shy , and kinda weird . i think i came out of my shell when i got older because most people think i'm an e now , but i'm not , i still have that i in me for ... isfj 4 that's really hard to answer , i would say it depends on the crowed and the person i'm with . i would say i hang out with one or two people , i usually have inside jokes with them , that's how i bond ... yeah , this doesn't apply i'm not sure if its that common , i mean , we are pretty serious , but not that serious . we or i like laughter the most , i learned to relax more , and take things day by day , some people might think i'm ... omg ! i totally feel the same way https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xGl4MFuGg_U i love this song because its mellow , and it speaks to my heart that concerns me a little , they don't think outside of the box at all ? i'm happy they are always happy though . esfj's are sweet , there caring and understand of other people's needs , but when are they mean ? when do esfj's get bad ? what makes them tick ? i haven't had that experience yet . how do they react ... i think everything comes within time , nothing is over night . i totally agree with your responds . i think you guys should just chill out or get a new teacher with the same subject . i have sometimes the same problem with my own personality type and some other isfj's i know , we still get alone , but ... i think my parents are : dad : esfj mom : isfj i mean , i could be wrong , but that's how i feel . my dad likes adventure and my mom on the other hand is kinda reserved . my dad is more aware of ... omg ! ! ! i can totally relate to this , i think i would hate it ! ! even though people think i'm an extrovert sometimes , i feel internally , i'm a introvert . i think i would like if for a little bit , but ... i know , i hate it when people boss me around , who do they think they are ? just because we are nice , doesn't mean you can take advantage of us . we love doing things / favors for the people , but don't ... oh fuck no , don't turn into a t , please stay am f , do some yoga , relax , drink some tea what makes me mad is that when other people are not sympathetic to other people when they should be in certain situations . or when other judgers are too judgmental , i'm like no more ! aw , i love you ! ! :) i guess not , we are alone :( , and you know how that makes us feel just wondering , are esfj's funny ? or do they like to tease there friends or girlfriends ? yes , they are for sure easy to talk to , but are they funny ? do they have that in them , is what i'm wondering ? have you had that experience before ? let me know , i'm curious . why did you like that person in the first place ? i'm talking to this guy right now and he's a esfj , he is so sweet , but i'm worried about the j part , i don't think i've experienced that yet . we will ... yes , i believe so , but sometimes you stay the same . it depends how you develop , if people tell you that you are outgoing , but you feel that you are not at the time , and people see that you have the ... i think extroverts and p's travel the most . of course , i'm a isfj , and sometimes i feel like i'm a e , maybe a but more of a e . that's what people say when they first meet me , or when i ask them , they ... i would say , the enfp , for being a mathematician , they are good at it , but i don't think they enjoy it as much as being creative . police officer and judge , now that's weird , i would never think they ... its hard to tell , either infp or entp , since he is a song writer i would say e , but , but hes pretty chill , so maybe an i , too hard . 1 ) what is your mbti type ? isfj 2 ) what is your gender ? female 3 ) what type ( s ) do you admire / respect the most ? ( why ? ) esfp , they are so fun and loving , love to have a good time , and care . enfp , ... i'm not annoyed by extroverts at all ! i think they are great ! i love them , unless they are a t or a j , then i don't like them as much because either , they are mean , or too opinionated , which , i'm ... i would say entp , they are the worst alcoholics ever ! they drink like fish , they don't get too wild , but they drink like crazy . esfp , yes , they for sure drink , but they are fun , they get crazy , but ... i think you should take more tests , the in and the es are throwing you off right ? here is a test i found that can be pretty helpful : http://a.pgtb.me/tGD1xP i also they have an app too : ... i would say the most intense would be entp , estp , intp or intj i think they are fine with way , i don't see them annoying when they are drunk . i'm jealous of your siblinghood what do you mean entp and a sf ? i dated a entp , the worst communicator of my life , i don't know how they function . i enjoy esfp personalities way more . omg ! they are married , i would love to see how that works . hmm , for me its kinda opposite , i was more introvert when i was younger , but now more extrovert , of course i still have my introvert ways . i think what you are going through is a change of life ... i have a solution , i found this really fun quiz , check it out ! click on the link : jungl - take quiz https://www.facebook.com/JungLapp , they have an app too ! link : http://a.pgtb.me/3bhrbp yay ! esfp again ! man ! this is awesome ! are you kidding ? i love esfp's , hello ! my username ! don't hate ;) my dad is a very practical man , whenever i need him , he is always there . i'm not really sure what his personality would be , maybe , i'm guessing f for sure , p maybe , he has traveled the world . not ... i'm a isfj , i don't know if i would wear an apron , i usually . i mean , if i had a big house and wanted to look up impressing my boyfriend then most likely yes . i guess i would have my hair in a bun , ... well i don't hate anyone , but from my experience , i dislike , and hard to communicate with are estp or intj's . they just make me feel bad about myself , like i'm doing something wrong , but i know i'm ... reall ? ukraine - ixfx sweden : ixfj