yea true . sometimes it is better because you can concentrate on the music , on what you hear and not on the lyrics . idk if you like rap but you like russian music so depending on your mood , i could ... haha it's a strange one but not bad . so his name is shnur ... why do you answer to my veeerry long what's app questions with like 2 words ? yea same for me . it's a lot different living for yourself and not caring about other peoples bullshit . they don't care about you as much as you would so why for ? same . it's a strange thing . why can't we all stay in our clothes and talk to each other . _ . lawl , that just so reminded me of that good old song https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EtEWXPIHL6E :p roud : thanx ! ! thanks ! i love yours too , they are so symetrical ! i'll try :) colours ! that's a good idea :) 549834 5497 62 549770  5497 78 wooh my stuff is so similar to yours that's so interesting ! really ! i've read that infp's and enfp's always want to escape from conflicts and don't really want to defend themselves but rather try to escape from the situation and calm ... infp , enfp aquarius ? what the fuck ? how are things for you then ? is it very bad for you , can you survive this ? what's going on in venezuela ? ? oh a brit xd i hope you won't exit us as soon ! welcome :) poor you ... i've been in a similar situation , had to spend so much of the wage only for getting there . had to take a bus , then a train at the morning , and 2 trains and 1 bus back ! took me so much ... * hugggsss * back :p roud : you may ! x ) enfp bro's ! question ! are you able to spend a long time without interacting with people like .. friends , family etc . so ... can you be alone for some time without getting depressed , sad or whatever ? secretly i am an enfp ... but don't tell anyone wow ... that's some proper psychology stuff : o you know , some days ago i let my mum took the test , guess the result . isfj ! that's quite random but hey xd that's been very interesting to read ... thanks :D that's the first thing that bugs me , e or i ? both ! x ) what exactly do you mean by development of cognitive functions ? yes seems like i have to read up a lot more about them , but still ... spank all infj's okay well ... i haven't spotted many loanwords yet oh yes well especialy for serbian , it's just random . learning grammar doesn't make sense since everything is ... random . they are a bit hard but awesome :) sound fake ? : o oh yes , languages <3 i learned to slavic languages because i loved their music . took me some years but at the end it's quite useless x ) at least it has been some brain work oh no i really hate those forecasts ! even thinking about them ... i once talked to a russian busdriver , he was very orthodox and read the bible like a dozen times . he said that a lot of what ... whale whale ? ? why am i a whale ? ? D: i mean in this way , there have been very big refugee camps in the middle east some years ago . they were supported by wealthy states so the people got food and stuff . but some time ago those states ... i wonder where they got their information from this chart hahaha xd being infp , i always knew i am just not meant to work i'm more into democrazy but hi , greetings to you ^ ^ i don't want to be a seal ... poor guys :p maybe if you try to write to some girls who seem a bit ... shy on their profiles or sth . idk how it works oh i know this situation ! baaad feeling ! but at least it turned out good ^ ^ 52.5 / 100 masculine points 75.8 / 100 feminine points 67.5 / 100 androgynous points trans mtf female , infp well the refugee situation was planned , that's for sure idk more . it's a bit of a random thought whilst having in the back of my mind that politicans lie about everything spank all istp's brexit is a conspiracy just get yourselves an infp :p we are so much cooler than those intp's or j's well i met a wonderful enfp girl once , but at work . so ... your usual work or school place may be good . maybe look for the person who is chilling alone , always got the headphones up or ... yeah , ... some love <3 hi ! in germany ^ ^ english , german , russian and serbian ^ ^ learned the last two out of curiosity thanks ! :D that's nice i only have experience with one enfp but it was quite interesting and cute actually x ) so , just how things started : i met this enfp girl ( totally enfp ! ) at work . she was sooo like me , being ... remember remember the 5th of november ! hehe :D thanks ! i started at an early age so it has been a looot easier brother <3 greetings to you fellow introvert ^ ^