' it really , really depends who the person i'd be hooking up with is . if she's someone i could possibly have romantic feelings for , i would get too attached to be satisfied with a casual sex ... u200b the feels ! it burns us ! ! ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MRn1pKWBoT8 you know , that's interesting to see a blur between infj and entj ; specifically because i'm convinced my brother is entj , but he tested infj . he had a new girlfriend when he took the test , so his bias ... the others , that 2000 - something show about a group of people with paranormal abilities like remote viewing , communicating with ghosts , extrasensory empathy , sign reading , etc . it had the misfortune ... i can see your logic behind assigning t to orihime , but i think it would be more likely that it's a combination of functions masquerading as t . orihime's character is defined by being so overly ... sure . i think it's normal to listen to only one song over and over for days after you first hear it . it's part of what makes singles marketable . i don't do it often , but i've had my share of song ... i think i just grew another heart . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RWuCmjpvXmE then i suppose the reason i've attributed si to neatness is because si is always coupled with either te or fe . huh . yesterday , i had a dream i was in my house , petting a half-kitten , half-owl animal . somehow , it was actually cuter than a kitten , with a big , round owl head and owl eyes , but a kitten face and body ... 1 . click on this link : flickr : explore ! look at the random photo for about 30 seconds . copy and paste it here , and write about your impression of it . i am instantly attracted to the landscape and ... i've observed this to be a fascinatingly consistent truth . the enfps i've known don't seem bothered by introverted social awkwardness , unlike many other extraverted types . without estjs , there would probably be a greater demand to fill managerial positions , as less people would naturally gravitate in that direction . efficiency in the workplace overall wouldn't be as ... that's only true if you assume xxx isn't a type . i believe the exact difference between mbti and socionics types is simply a semantic reversal of p / j . mbti : xyzp is the exact same temperament as socionics : xyzj isfp-isfp is a huge ... it's easier to be certain of your type when the test results are a landslide . for example , many people have a hard time with that one question that asks something akin to , do you tend to think ... wat . i would die of awesome sharing a room with an isfp and an entp . they're like two of my favorite types . i'm not sure where the idea about infjs possessing inherent tidiness comes from ... once . er ... twice , i guess , technically . i originally tested as infj in high school the first time i took the test . after that , i tested as infp several times while still in my teens / early ... all kinds of people are all kinds of different . age has no literal role in how compatible two people are . if you find love with someone twenty years younger or older than you , holy shit you better ... i don't grow tired of analyzing and such . i do flee when all the topics seem to be wanton type-flinging without any analytical substance . i don't see typing as putting people in boxes . i see it as ... my best guess would be istj , but his personality is weighted by significant past trauma , which could make him seem like a t even if he was an f . the reason i'd go with istj over isfp is because gaara ... dark brown . the same shade as my hair . an entire album of metal covers of ghibli songs is one of those things i never would've imagined existed . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NbpeZm8gGk0 i love everyone . er ... in theory . ok ... i understand how infps can be seen as weak or wimpy , but i'm surprised to see infps self-identifying with those things . a significantly different temperament may tend to misinterpret infp ... i get mistaken for a ti user a lot because i'm quiet / shy around people i don't know well . so intp is probably the most common mistype for me . i'm also interested in a lot of technical subjects , ... hmm ... within the scope of my personal interests , i have no problem being creative . but i don't really try to be creative outside those interests . if there's a problem that needs to be solved and ... there's nothing wrong with shallowness itself . not all the good things in life are deep . it seems to me that ni-fe could make infjs quite attentive to their physical appearance , as fe facilitates ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wnzJBVg5uwQ it's probably a default vbulletin error message . which ... presents the same question . : confused : i've always known i was going to be a video game developer , from the first time i was asked what do you want to be when you grow up ? i never considered any career outside those included in game ... this isn't based on a romantic relationship , but my mother is an infp , and i'm an infj . we test as the same enneatype ( the same tri-type , even ... with the same wings , which i'm sure must signify ... i'm fe aux , and i wouldn't do this . but i'm an introvert and dynamic social circles don't mean much to me , so i don't have to worry about balancing a million delicate interpersonal threads . i'm more ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JEfNoEYR2-8 i was just thinking about this the other day . i trust by default . maximum trust given to everyone , even if they've let me down before , or if it's my first time meeting them . that might sound idiotic , ... i agree with this over typing in theory . everyone can be the stuff of legends , regardless of type . people are people , but their type is part of who they are ; depending on what you want out of a ... that's interesting ; i've never really had a preference . in restaurants , i'll sit anywhere except at the counter because it feels awkward to space out with a direct line of sight to the cooks and ... i'm not entirely sure about my mbti type . major reasons would be that i can't keep a room clean and i'm late a lot . but i need people to give me precise details if they want me to do something new at ... what i find interesting is jun maeda has a degree in psychology . i suspect he deliberately constructed the characters around temperamental archetypes . akio is the quintessential esfp , and his dream ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oYGWyoasHb8 loose change , a shopping list , a napkin , a mcdonald's receipt , part of an aluminum seal from a tylenol bottle , a plastic straw case from 7-11 , a prescription bottle , a wallet , a cellphone , a mailbox ... the anime feels rushed and incohesive . it would've been better as a series , and i suspect that may have been how it was initially intended , because there's too much complexity for a 90 - minute story , ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tehrLcmRMwA awesome . it was awesome . the best time of my life so far by orders of magnitude . i was the shyest , most insecure person in the world , and i loved being around so many vital , dynamic people . i never ... i haven't heard that song in a long time . 8: 37-9 : 08 is candidate for most epic ever . i find that magnificently fascinating . i honestly wish i was naturally compelled to actively engage my emotions with others in an extraverted way . according to jung's cognitive functions ( if used in ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M2JV2RGoD9U the only reason for me is because i'm shy . my shyness is probably largely caused by the difficulty i have communicating at a fast pace , which includes in-person conversations , phone calls , instant ... omnipotence but just for a while . to fix some things about the universe . then i'd come back and live as a normal human again . just ... in a world where the sharpest edges were smoothed down a bit . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y0ihIuCWOYY is there somewhere infjs are referred to as being exceptionally complex as compared to the other temperaments ? like in jung's writings or meyers-briggs ? or is this more of an assumed characteristic ? ... '