' this describes me rather well . believe me , you are far from the only one ! i could have written the same thing you did . that's an excellent way of putting it ! i know i should focus more on the tangible world , but i'm much more interested in what's going on in my head than i am in what's happening in the outside world . i chose a square peg trying to fit into a round hole as my avatar because i have often felt like that at times in my life . i'm not sure if such a feeling suggests a certain possibility type or not . liberal here . stuck in my head today , for some reason ... youtube - disturbed - another way to die official music video it was the same for me ! i was in a gifted program in high school . i think , however , the world has had a slightly different opinion of my giftedness than my high school did ! : laughing : happy birthday ! i'll be 49 on november 20 . i'm with you ! i would definitely go for fall on the basis of the diversity of color in the leaves . you are a musical thinkerhttp :/ / www.bbc.co.uk/science/leonardo/images/thinker_quiz/results/musical.jpg musical thinkers : tend to think in sounds , and may also think in rhythms and melodies are ... yep , it's r . lee ermey from full metal jacket . he was also on a show that aired on the history channel . the name of it escapes me , and i don't know whether or not they're still running it . i usually like geico ads , but not this one . i understand the humor in it is supposed to come from the disconnect that a drill sergeant / instructor would , in fact , make a bad therapist , but i just ... found this last night and thought it was hilarious ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kdOfUcEyWqk nope . i'll try that . thanks for the response ! there is a thread in general chat that asks people to post a video and i wanted to respond to it . however , i've never figured out how uploading a video works on personality cafe . the way i have ... being interrupted is a huge pet peeve of mine . and please , if you need me to repeat myself , please wait until i've finished talking before you ask me to do so . the real personality types made relevant this is very much tongue-in-cheek . take it for what it's worth . not me . i'm episcopalian . i've heard some people say there's not much difference between being catholic and being episcopalian , however . i can see different sides of most issues , even though i may strongly disagree with a particular side . interesting test and , as you said , it appears to be accurate . i scored 7-9- 4 which i think describes me rather well . the two greatest loves of my life have no idea that i loved them because i didn't want to tell them how i felt about them due to fear of rejection . if i could have put my older head on my younger ... nothing terribly complex about my thought process . i chose water because scorpio is my zodiac sign and scorpio is one of the water signs . forgot to mention other things - - rainbows , because of the sheer variety of their colors . the way the air feels after a summer rain . my favorite colors--maroon , emerald green , orange and ... a few of the things i love ... looking at the blossoms on trees in spring . the smell of fall air . reading an interesting book . the way soap smells . maybe you've always been a perceiver who is able to call on judging when a given situation demands it , although you may have a strong inclination toward perceiving and may not prefer judging . i guess infp's will never achieve true happiness as long as there are other less tolerant types in the world . i agree with tolerant . the above quote is my philosophy of life . you're right , it is definitely a burden . i have always wanted approval--perhaps i've wanted it a bit too much . good point . i'd like to think it's the former but in my case , it's probably the latter . what about you ? yes , i think math , for the most part , is very much a sensing thing . hmmm ... that is an interesting thought , and something that hadn't occurred to me before . i am a fellow only child . previously , i had thought that my introversion was due to me wanting to protect ... that's an interesting point you make about giving up being a j due to discouragement by life events . i think , at one time , i was a j--i even tested as an infj at one point in my life--but then i ... could be . i am unable to kill insects as well . i even let houseflies live ! i sometimes get the idea to move things around in my bedroom and then , when i look for a specific thing after doing that , i can't find it because i don't remember where i moved it . i recently took a cognitive functions test online and te turned out to be my fifth strongest of the eight functions . not exactly a function i can easily use . sounds rather like me . i will get the idea to do something , get ready to do it and then forget what it was i was going to do . i've always attributed episodes like this to the fact that i have sleep ... i have a good memory , but i tend to retain information other people would consider trivial while not easily remembering more important matters . to give you an example , i had a set of world book ... wow ! small world ! it's nice to know someone from there ! i have a cousin on facebook and she and her husband do this . they make it seem as if they're the only two people on earth to ever get married . in their defense , they are relative newlyweds--their ... i often find parallels between a given person's avatar and his / her professed personality type . however , it's sometimes harder to guess with some people . i have problems with sj's , although i find esfj's and isfj's slightly less annoying than estj's and istj's . i don't get along terribly well with xstj's . from which county in ireland are you ? my ancestors allegedly came from county kerry . make that two ! i'm from the u . s . , georgia specifically . my ancestry is scot-irish , with a little bit of german thrown in . i plead guilty on both counts ! : wink : my life exactly ! for more years than i can remember , i have felt the same way every day . i dread waking up every morning because i know that , when i do , there are going to be new problems to deal with and , the older ... another disadvantage i have found to facebook that i forgot to mention in my earlier post is that i live in the southeastern united states and most of my longstanding friends are of a very ... '