' whoa alot of hate on trump here ! i thought you all decided he was the best choice for president ! crazy stuff ! anway estp . doesn't appeal to socialist like most nfs . thanks ! i appreciate it ! in college you moron ! i was born in 1995 . the oldest of the generation . i am more successful than you ! you're a socialist ! where were the punctuation problems at ? i like how you nfs just directly avoid my arguments and just say something like that . you guys are just terrible debaters . why just you want admit it . also counterintuitive i am 172 cm tall and i ... estjs : they hate me as i am trying to push them out of the way . they won't back down . though i get along when working as equals . esfjs : okay i guess . though a little pushy on your appearance . ... first 2 replies . you both are wrong . hell one of you are libertarians anyway . don't even know why you are debating me girly . also socalism is evil and political correct . also races and sexes need no ... i think shor people are the bane of society . especially short women . having to deal with them giving birth to kids at a higher rate than normal or tall women . just sick . i don't respect a guy under ... hey guys this is philipthestone . i am sick and tired of people thinking they can argue with us . fools ! i have had so many people try to debate libertarian thoughts and just fall flat on their face ! ... fascism is more estj like . just saying . an estp society is about getting things done at the cost of crush a few people's feelings . america is supporting estps more than ever . though i believe soon ... i know this is trends but please bear with me . i noticed estp people getting alot of publicity lately . peyton manning , donald trump , cam newton , terell owens , jeremy clarkson . these guys are very ... yes ! why ask such a question if i never actually met any of them . they are such contradictory . they act like they are all bad and stuff but they show weakness . they cuss you out by apologize later ... non english speaking nts are almost a oxymoron . well sorry i don't mean all non english speaking nts . i meant the ones from european countries like france , germany , netherlands , and other countries ... an nf attempting to get a stem degree is just a waste of time . no wonder college is expensive . idiots trying to get degrees they know they can't get . well i found out something funny from a site to be honest about mbti and religion . now first off the most religious of all types was the one and only isfj with 58.02 percent of them being religious ... i am an entj 8w7 . is that close enough for ya ? general to specific , specific to general x96 what does it mean ? means what it say what does logical mean ? what is your understanding ? do you think that it correlates with the common view ? how do ... as an entj it will be hard to out dick me . i have going to political rallies with a paper bag over my head writing the opposite of what the rally stands for . so beat that ! so i heard djarendee deleted his youtube channel . any thoughts ? se types make great action movie actors . but other than that i am not really sure . though intjs do have it as their 4th function but if it is anything like my 4th fi then it is horribly developed . i am of the pc masterrace . damn that is insane . 2002 kids are out of grade school ? i remember them being babies and stuff . pro choice entj feminist and fucking liberals ! fuck you guys . just fucking quit . just quit . not like you are ever getting anything done ! 5 percent flat for all ! oh just fuck off with this kind of talk . in a fucking era were everyone is sarcastic . including your child , including your grandmothers , including the people you will always be the bitch too , the ... i am going to love it when obama is gone ! he ran this country into the ground with his socialist views and political correctness and feminazi crap ! goodbye ! vote trump 2016 ! get rid of the pc environment ! i also got canned but non sjws all the time . i got my ass handed to me on tumblr when i called out fucking cam newton after the superbowl ! the sjws claimed that if it was a white guy that he would ... i think it is fucking useless . social justice is among the most cringe worthy shit i have ever fucking seen in my life . holy shit ! it is beyond pathetic ! the offender of this cardinal sin just need ... as an entj i have been known to be hard on myself . i have been told by a lot of people i am hard to come up to and speak to . people think that in the future and i going to just drop them all and leave if they get close to me . i have been told that i ... well this is awkward . i am having trouble with some people at work . there is this group of people that i am not getting along with . 3 girls and 2 guys . long story short . there is an tall istp guy ... thanks for the advice though i have to say that i was completely out of it when i made this thread . not myself :p just forget this ever happened . i am pretty sure i am an intp based on the ... this has been confusing me for awhile . i recently learned about the cognitive functions and i have conclude that i am an intp , after thinking i was an infp . the hardest thing about finding out was ... well to be honest i am not exactly sure but i think , i think well let's see nagisa furukawa from clannad . it really doesn't matter in my opinion . someone said earlier that all types have negative stereotypes . us intps are seen as basically nerds and your huge um computer geeks that sit in their basements ... we would never get anything done basically . though i feel there would be less war in the war . i see us all being eaten by animals and the human race becoming extinct quite early . i never even taken a course of spanish just saying . it was on my limited understand of what it is . nadie mierda en mi desayuno . yo no como el desayuno . the istp spectrum is a very broad spectrum . just because you're an istp doesn't mean you're a genius . nun denn ich denke , es ist an der zeit , ich ihren esel trete . was ich sage , sie sind zu heiß , um ihre . du bist sehr süß . wollen sie bis jetzt mich ? ok then ! you have no extroverted sensing . don't do the bliztkerg again ! i will have to send the little russians , the smart british , and the loud americans after you tall germans again . also what are you like 198 cm tall ? istjs and intjs are basically one in the same . though istjs are loud mouths who think that they need to be better than some low class guy just to say they are the king of all of their people and ... i kind of am sure that i am an infp . i am not as kind as other infps though i guess . i can be an ass at times . i am doing fine . so you from deutschland ? also what does krispie mean , like a cross between a rice krispy treat and some kind of pie ? ok mr goat i agree . so goat how are you ? why are istps so tall ? '