' i'm interested in that sort of functionality . either that or , perhaps we could have a sound for new messages that is opt-in ( so by default people aren't annoyed by beeping ) . sometimes i wander off to ... helllooo ... http://ib84.com/gifs/wink-wink.gif thread temporarily closed pending moderator discussion . hey all , just a friendly reminder to keep it civil , we're here to have a good time . if you have an issue with another member , first please respectfully request they disengage . if you still have an ... alas , i'm not perfect . also my sarcasm muscle has atrophied a bit , so you'll have to excuse my weakness . hopefully you won't revoke my entp card for this horrible transgression ? i didn't realize how ... no worries ! we have some amazing members here who seemed to help you out with steering you away from inappropriate assumptions . our aim is to provide an awesome place for discussion so everyone can ... hey all , this is just a friendly reminder from your local moderator that typism and blanket statements about any group of people are against the rules here at perc . it does appear everybody ... entj maybe ? welcome to perc ! make sure to check out the forum rules , and we hope you have a great time here ! ummm , let's go with egg noodles . glad to be back ! =] ] watching as moderator http://stream1.gifsoup.com/webroot/animatedgifs2/1074561_o.gif schnitzel mit nudeln my thoughts exactly . i love road trips , but i also get sleepy while driving and also like taking pics , two things seriously frowned upon when you're the driver , so i'm on board with automated ... p . s . technically 1 person , a total of 3 times : shocked : they are harder to find now . i got lucky and my mom found my old van city carrying case thingy , which had my favorites still stashed inside . i wanted to start a photo series with them , but need to ... i'm more of a micro machines kinda gal . i wouldn't . first general sexual stuff , including first kiss : 20 ( we tried to have sex but i think i was too nervous and we just couldn't make it happen ) p in the v : 23 ( haha that kinda rhymes ! ) , with my ex ... closed . childhood at its finest ... 5yo me : http://ib84.com/imgs/me/me-bath-fun.jpg that's what i figured : laughing : ooook , it's been a week and we have 4 votes for yes , sticky and no votes for no or other so i'm going to take that as an ok , whatever to sticky the thread . if you are strongly against this ... i think it'd be less of a problem if we had to perform some sort of physical feat before receiving the delicious treat ( edit : rhyme unintended but appreciated ) . i'd be totally into that . think ... i have a suspicion that some female entps might type as enfp when they are younger , likely due to societal norms / expectations ( at least here in the u . s . ) that women are more emotional / empathetic ( and ... saturday in the park , i think it was the 4th of july ... it has been requested that http://personalitycafe.com/istp-forum-mechanics/638274-meme-us-d.html be stickied . i'm opening this thread for discussion and including a poll that will be open for the ... want you to know ... i'm a rainbow , too . : wink : i love this remix https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V3bVK3QDf0g we've all got time enough to cry . sun is shining . weather is sweet . make ya wanna move ... yer dancin ' feet . does anybody really care ? yeah , i would say i prob seem more isfj-like ( unhealthy isfj ) in a depression / funk . my si is in full swing and i'm more in touch with past hurts / lost connections , and i'm usually much more ... hey just your friendly neighborhood moderator stopping by with a reminder to keep things civil . if you're having an issue with a member please feel free to utilize the ignore feature or if you ... * warmly welcomes * : laughing : : wink : hey there ! welcome to perc and i hope you enjoy your time here ! =] lmfao : laughing : so depressing ... : unsure : and no , i'm not : tongue : sometimes i just have to mention it because i like being a special snowflake ... meh it's just lame and i wanna talk ... #lifegoals ... i only need one hand to count how many times i've had sex . =[ [ [ i feel like such a failure in the sex department ... new band name , i call it . sex department . https://media.giphy.com/media/yfndjx7BUoWA/giphy.gif actually i am not much of a fan , so ... hey everybody , just a reminder to please stay on topic , avoid attacking others / name-calling , and , in the future , it's a good idea to try searching the forum before posting a new topic because there ... haha sure . =] i've been hanging around perc for just over 5 years , and i love personality psychology ( and psychology in general ) . i'm a web developer and i spend a lot of time on the computer . oh , ... hey land_fox ! welcome to perc =] i've always thought it would be so cool to be a profiler ... how are you liking your studies ? admittedly , i get caught up in shows like criminal minds , but i'm sure ... i've wondered the same thing about myself and having an infj mother . i score crazy high on ni and fairly high on fe , which isn't particularly common for entp . weee diversity ! =] ] hey everybody , just a friendly reminder from your neighborhood moderator to keep it nice and civil-like . =] ] were we , if angry , you make it would ? let's take it down a notch , this is supposed to be a silly thread to goof around and have fun in ... unless you're robespierre and it's the turn of the 19th century , let's put the guillotine away and ... i hear you . typically we review the threads before merging them , and certain threads would be better off remaining separate as you stated . however , when you get a lot of the same threads recurring ... as the moderator for that sub-forum i can actually help you with this . if you want to pm me a list of threads with their links i can merge ' em up for you ! =] your username is misleading ! you can essentially do that by subscribing to the sub-forums you like , and then using your user cp as your home page . : kitteh : clearly i need to come visit ;D i've been wanting to get some going , but i've been traveling too much , and they require tlc so they don't rot . i'm shooting to start a batch in feb and harvest in ... explains why we're so awesome : kitteh : i'm pretty sure i'm a 5-9- 3 or possibly a 5-9- 2 , and i totes relate ! '