' yes , indeed . bi with hella gay leaning now . oh my . yes , indeed . bi with hella gay leaning now . oh my . that's amazing ! this thread too , wow . :D i'm happy for you both ! i also met my girlfriend online and i'm actually here visiting her for the first time right now ! i'm from california and she is from ... i've been listening to a lot of halsey lately . anyone feel me ? after 3 seasons , i'm pretty sure cosima is an enfp . what makes you think he isn't ? honestly i don't know . he seems to be good at making calls in the moment based on what he sees , good with handling people , but meh . i'm going to watch every episode ... i absolutely love this show as well . i'm not so great at typing , but then it can be difficult with fictional characters anyways . i'll give it a shot . i do think cosima is very much an np type - ... someone type beth ! she's becoming more and more of a main character , as evidenced by episodes like still ( just her and daryl all throughout ) and alone . i'm inclined to think she is infp . sx as an instinct preference doesn't necessarily equal energy or excitement or connection ; it's how much it guides you . you seem to have a lack of energy / excitement in your life . i would highly ... eh , honestly he's tough to type for me . definitely picking up on se-ni / ni-se usage . hmmm . my guess is istp ? lord , i don't know . xd any sp would work for me , i think . he's a tough one . in general , i am actually quite envious of so people . i just feel a hell of a lot dumber than quite a few of them . xd then again , i know some very intelligent , well learned people . i honestly wish ... you and i would be very much alike on this front . i am also closer to the van . xd i'm living in a living room converted into a bedroom . i would love to have a nice comfortable - even luxurious - ... i'm an sp dom and a lot of this applies to me . however , i wouldn't say i'm exactly content with it . i want to be healthier , be more efficient with my money , be more structured in general , but i don't ... one of the bubbliest people i know are so / sp . my mother i think is sp / so and she is not stoic at all . xd or maybe she's so / sp ? instincts are just a matter of where we focus our energy . stoicism isn't ... i have only been personally involved with younger sx / so's ( meaning my age or younger than myself ) and they are a handful , if anything . xd draining as hell , but supremely charming - the ones i've met ... meh , it all depends . sp cares a great deal about what they do with their energy and it's just not worth it to connect in every given situation or with any given person . i have a bit less boundaries ... any person can become obsessed with certain subjects and learning . some people are more prone to it , but it's not sx . it's not any sort of intensity . think merging , bonding , animalistic / impulsive ... sometimes the last instinct isn't all that blind if you've worked on it enough or are just a balanced person . still , i think you're more likely so / sp . people don't like to jump to that one ... the last few posts describe sx from a very id standpoint , though still sx nonetheless . i'm quite glad not to be an sx dom , even if there are moments i almost think i am ... i look at these and think , ... hmmm ... probably 8 . although , even that i relate to a bit . an xstp 8 sx / so . get some sleep . it will help . think about what good you do have in your life . just think of a few positive things . don't shut them out . breathe . inhale and exhale deeply . you seem like someone who ... 85989 please vote for hannibal for favorite horror tv show ! voting ends oct 30 11 pm est and it's unlimited voting so go nuts in support of hannibal ! favorite horror tv show ? | the geekiary you can vote ... 7 probably gets done in by its gluttony more , yes , but sx across the board does seek intensity . it doesn't have to be the intensity of drugs or extreme and dangerous activities . i think the ... i was actually thinking about this the other day . of course , it doesn't matter so much in the world we live in now , but , yes , sx is most likely to have the shortest life expectancy due to its habit ... lol , it is , but some of my best friends throughout my life were of the type . xd the thing is i can be extremely hyper and flail and one of the most enthusiastic people i know sometimes . the thing is ... i stumbled upon his videos and have found them useful for motivational purposes , even though i don't really fit his demographic . ^ ^ ; anyways , you can find him on youtube . pretty cool dude . what do ... i keep up with world news and politics through my sp / so friend . as for scandalous , juicy gossip type stuff , i do not seek it out , but it comes to my attention through news commentary shows that i ... eh , i'm an sp / sx and thought i was so / sx for a little before i knew about the instincts in depth . i'd kill to have more strength in so . the thing is i'm friendly as hell , like having different people ... quite a bit of sx / sp . quite the abundance of sx in general . hmmm ... 3w4 7w8 1w9 sp / sx ? http://i1.wp.com/nerdbastards.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/hannibal-recap.jpg ... i don't think sx / so is necessarily larger-than-life , but a a lot tend to be . anyways , ignore those . there are sx / so's who aren't so charismatic or charming . hell , i'm sp / sx and i'm known for my love ... i agree he is sx dom - i think sx / sp , although his so isn't out of shape at all . he sort of just lives in his own little world and values comfort and self-sufficiency , even though he has a high level ... i am sp / sx , but my best friend is an sp / so and he is also dating an sp / sx . there aren't many problems because of the shared self-pres instinct . where we do differ , he finds it cute and interesting . i ... aren't there two of these threads going on at the same time right now ? : tongue : i used to think he was entp , even when he revealed he was self-identified as an intp . he definitely has * a ton * of ne and ti , and the ne shows in his videos , but there's also the fact that outside of ... 6 http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-cLx76EE29eA/UeLMBjM4kpI/AAADlE/FCqZvWZYWuo/s1600/Grey-Wolf.jpg http://cache.desktopnexus.com/thumbnails/1165487-bigthumbnail.jpg i've known cp6s who were far better children than i was . they are more inclined to talk back , speak their mind . they aren't automatically problem children . there are plenty of problem children and ... i remember always finding myself into some kind of trouble growing up , especially during my teenage years . i wasn't a problem child . i had good grades for the most part , very well behaved throughout ... he's self typed as an intp and i'd have to agree . what the flick ? ! - youtube there's a lot of spiritual terminology and concepts in the enneagram , but for the sake of self-improvement - spiritual person or not - i quite like the self-realization it aims for , mostly because ... i'm glad you like my post . xd i also feel there are many misconceptions about sx-lasters and sp in general , but i think there are just many surrounding all the instincts in general . sx-last does not ... i am currently disqualified from receiving financial aid because of insufficient completed units out of attempted units . my gpa is fine . my community college requires 67 % completion of attempted ... why does it feel wrong ? i don't think it's so much an instinctual variant thing anymore . i'm sure it does contribute , but mutual pleasure is generally an ideal goal during sex within a ... well , okay . your lack of sx would make sense there . i'm just saying there are sx-lasters out there who have intense sex lives . also , your wanting to please her isn't exclusive to type . i understand ... 6 http://tribalinsight.files.wordpress.com/2010/06/i-want-to-believe.jpg i don't think how one is during sex has much to do with their instincts . it just has to do with caring and selflessness and the trait that makes one turned on by someone else's pleasure . an sx / sp , ... any type can be a reporter . if she were an enfp , she'd want to push a cause of some kind . her only cause is to excel in her field . maaaybe a case could be made for entp . she is definitely no ... http://youtu.be/UxxajLWwzqY sx / so '