' i love this thread . attempting to revive it heh you can't get out of your head : sign of the times by styles : laughing : you're drawn to in others : genuine care and interest for others and life ... her ptsd is getting worse . her depression doesn't allow her to eat or shower or smile . it's harming every relationship she has because people just don't get it . it's consuming her time by forcing her ... oh my gosh this thread . brought up so many memories i had forgotten : - when i was growing up i slept on the top part of a bunk bed , every night i would hug the corner of the wall ( basically squish ... we wouldn't learn much from life if we didn't make mistakes , ey ? why ? is this about being your best , about proving yourself ( to someone else ? to yourself ? ) , or ... something else ? just curious . heartshapedbox hey there , care to imagine with me ? what is your absolute most ideal self ? ( in a perfect world , rid of all shitty circumstances and a complete inability to be perfect , how do you ... subjective , of course : hm what truly matters is compatibility . love requires sacrifice from both parties , it's highly unlikely you will meet someone with the * exact * same dreams as you , although i ... few months ( weeks ... who knows . what difference does it make . ) self-harm free . a year or so ago i was a year-free . a year before that i was a year and a half free . does this ever leave ? tbh i have a ... name something that ... you would like to be if you had another life : a hummingbird brings tears to your eyes because of happiness : pure moments where the happiness of those involved cannot ... mostly that i can defuse a situation simply by being calm and reassuring . apparently i'm quite good at just listening , understanding and returning a calculated , calm response . otherwise : you ... * blink ... blink . really ? you .. you mean all that ? i think you allowed me to love myself a little just now . i'm filled with all sorts of warm tinglies i haven't felt in a long time . thank you from the ... flowers . i love the colors . fascinated by the texture of the petals . i want all the flowers in the world to be mine . chocolate ice cream ( by itself , no nuts or brownie whatevers ) . blegh depends so much on who i marry o . o i'll just do one of each sex at around the age of 10 , i'd probably have more if i do have any : 1 . marcos caleb ( only if i marry someone who speaks spanish , ... angrycupcake my dad , always . highly suspect he's infp ... perhaps this is why i'm infp now xd i've always aspired to have the same unwavering worth ethic , genuine care for others , brilliant ... * * disclaimer : i have never been clinically diagnosed with depression , anxiety , or anything else * * hello , my darling :) 100 % agreed with bigstupidgrin , one of the first things to do is get rid of ... how many do you want ? just search proquest or jstor .. https://www.bustle.com/articles/188243-gender-blind-job-applications-result-in-more-women-hired-theyre-one-part-of-the-solution-to ... ... well , you can think that if you want . i don't quite agree with that , but ok xd fighting for fundamental rights of living in america is quite similar to fighting for civil rights , yes . i assume ... welp . this confirms it . trump is isfp 0.0 yogimon ahh , you should read adler's theories on personality . adler talks a lot about if we believe x about ourselves then the only memories we will recall are those that support said x . say that x = ... interesting . they said the same thing about and to mlk : we don't have time for riots / disagreements right now , let's just wait a moment until people settle down , this is unnecessary , everyone is ... writing because i've burnt too many pages which all say the same thing . need to escape but don't know how , where , or who to tell . someone . halp . maxakin theory of everything : biography of stephen hawkings selma : martin luther king's involvement in getting laws passed to allow everyone access to vote sometimes , behind the sun as for this bit , depends a lot on their personality . usually what's expected is that the words and feeling are reciprocated . it conveys that there is a mutual understanding that both individuals are ... infp here , known for our lovey-dovey auras : rolleyes : i would say everything that's in bold exactly as is to your partner . it's a perfectly good reason to not say i love you ... i'm not sure why that ... sad song points : 1000 . super good . never heard that song before : o also , liked lyrics and video of merry fing christmas quite a bit ! hmu with more songs man ! it's my favorite too ! ! still waiting on those songs xp aight . what are yalls power songs ? i'm talking motivation-for-life and soul-empowerment songs . alisha keys is my main woman but recently i've been hooked by : where is the love - black eyed ... just as a precaution , not all infps are super skilled at creating artsy things like drawings / paintings , writings , etc . if that's you , don't be discouraged if it doesn't come out perfect or how you ... waylaid i identify with this post so much . thank you . finding something to be in control of is a natural response to abuse n crap ( things we can't control ) . so people develop unhealthy habits or ... aw , my darling , thank you so much for inviting me . i feel so privileged xd the love around here is suffocating : kitteh : my brother , i'm sorry to say that i'm quite in the ditch with this too . are the people close to you against being hugged ? because there's a difference between being against it , not being into it , and ... want to hug with you oh my xd i need people like you in my life . comere . just go for it . run into the embrace and give the receiver the best damn hug of their life , then they'll want more ... kyn hm , i would sacrifice personal ideas ( personal happiness , personal security , for example ) for the sake of someone else . but then , it would seem that my ideals are always to protect and respect ... ahh i love this . i used to carry an aura of depression , i could literally coax people around me to feel all the worst sorts of feelings without saying a word . a friend of mine said he could tell ... how did this even start ? xd it's k , my imaginary world included my sisters and i being showcased as sex slaves at very high-end banquets . ( that sounds way weirder now that i try to explain ... that got dark fast * - * vtype analyze your circumstances , what exactly is it that makes you unhappy ? is it / are they fixable ? ( don't worry about the ones that aren't , depression is largely a failure of the subconscious ) . ... exhausted from being who other people need me to be ( but i can't / won't give it up ) . don't remember who i am apart from the different mes i've created and when i try to find the me ... me , i don't ... blankreflection i can usually forgive people for the injustices they've committed against me , depending on the severity . it gets more difficult when it's against my family or against a value i ... numbtopain infps are truly psychic by nature : laughing : my subconscious seems pretty ( ok a lot ) caught up in all the lovey-stuff and nudges me about it once in a while . however , i'm not quite at the point where i care enough to actively pursue anything ... don't infps typically have a difficult time being criticized ? let's remember that the original post by plumedoux said : goal in life is to be rich you're disagreeing with something that wasn't even said xd your point can be accurate at the same time as ... welcome ! ^ - ^ secondfirstman this may be completely out there , have you been tested / screened for early onset alzheimer's ? loss of memory , of course , is indicative of it , as well as your seemingly sudden ... perhaps it was insensitive for me to say that this isn't love . forgive me . i was in a similar circumstance for two years , in a relationship with a guy who needed to be loved ( he had neglectful ... starflier greetings , stargirl . i'm sure you'll find this community to be quite helpful and that most everyone here has a personality ! haha somewhat similar story : when i was 7 my sisters told me ... ah , coffee and poems . let me know what you think ! the parts that i have put in bold are what concern me most . this isn't love and it seems like it's adding a lot of unnecessary stress to you ( making your overall circumstance worse ) . the pattern ... hahah i can imagine ! ! as others have said , it's not something i would even talk about with someone i liked , especially if it was just a developing crush . perhaps you once said something that led him ... swakgur i'm an infp and even i don't know how to reply to that kind of poem ... i would guess only with people he trusts ? it's not really a casual topic xd yes , it means he's comfortable . '