' dear anonymous , words can't express how thankful i am for all you've done for me . you've been there my whole life and have seen me at my best and my worst . no one knows me better than you . i can't ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bKt01tTflx0 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fRgWBN8yt_E http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Di16W_std0c http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HS2BUr83O-8 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NZpn0gXlKJo the fruit of righteousness will be peace ; the effect of righteousness will be quietness and confidence forever . - - isaiah 32:17 therefore , since we have been justified through faith , wehave peace ... i love her ... but we can never be more than friends . she won't fall in love with me , and i won't fall in love with her . and yet i want to , even though i know we shouldn't be together . our lives ... i'm not home and i don't know where it is . god's the only stability for my heart . i'm sick of losing all my best friends . i know they're going on to the destinies they're meant for ; as am i . but i ... it's good to see there are other classical lovers on this forum ! i was listening to this while reading this thread : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S-Xm7s9eGxU i get a ton of classical from ... dear anonymous , i love you dearly and i wish the absolute best for you . i hope that once you move down to my town that we'll hang out a lot . i enjoy your company and am looking forward to getting ... congrats on graduating ! didn't know there were fellow lumberjacks on here . :p roud : and yes , you do look like peter pan , though not like mary martin or cathy rigby . i've written this from a perspective of a man who believes the lies that are stated in the poem to be true . i don't believe they are true ; that's why i wrote the disclaimer . i wrote it because i want ... that , while god may be frightfully just and i deserve that justice , because his son took the punishment in my place , and i trust him , we are eternally at peace . it is a peace treaty that will never ... we have some really good poets here in the infj forum . : cool : about the following poem : i've seen this attitude in both my heart and the hearts of other men . may it be driven from our hearts . ... it seems like falling in love is like growing a plant . you prepare for it by tilling the ground . you throw in the seed and water it . yet it grows of its own accord . it's kind of an ... if anyone needs a listening ear--someone to talk to--i'm available . i find it in the places with little to no roads . where things are part of the original design instead of what we've paved over . so more natural areas , such as deserts , forests , etc . that fulfills me ... i'm glad i'm sensitive to the pain of others because it allows me to be compassionate and empathetic . but sometimes it feels like a crushing weight , like someone encased my heart in concrete and it's ... i'd say 3 ) withdrawn , retiring , dreamy , hardheaded , reserved and 5 ) impulsive , hasty , sentimental , fussy , self-dramatizing . this is why i always need to talk to someone when i'm insanely stressed , ... let it go and move on . i can't make anyone love me ; why try ? whatever your heart language is . all languages have the capability . with some you can communicate more in one sentence or one word than other languages , but you can communicate your thoughts clearly ... oh , my friend , i love you , and i hate watching you destroy yourself . you need to wake up and realize that you are your biggest problem . you can spew vitriol and hate at me all you want , but i'll ... you're welcome ! : tongue : and yes , that sapir . the sapir-whorf hypothesis was actually much more whorf than sapir . that's terrible ! it's too bad you can't take one semester of linganth . it's incredibly fascinating . if you're interested in linganth , i'd recommend linguistic anthropology ( 1997 ) by alessandro ... i was an anthro major in college , and my professor explained it to me like this : sociology - - - anthropology - - - i understand what you mean . god is the bringer of joy . : happy : i hope things have changed in the past two months , but if they haven't : if you know that your relationship is suffering because ... creation creation is pouring her paint through my eyes into my brain , vivid laughter and joy splashing into the folds , soaking solid gray with luminous perception and knowledge . she ... crap , i lose a long-time addiction and the problems that i was running away from for 10 years now drop on me all at once . i lose something that was destroying my soul , and now i have to deal with ... does anyone see me as i am ? i'm sure they're out there , i'd just like to know who . appreciate me ! love me for who i am ! see my essence and affirm it . life ain't all about me , certainly , but i ... 1 . love god . i find that when i am acting most loving towards others , it's when i'm close to god . i don't love god at the expense of others ; i love god to the benefit of others . 2 . you must give ... that's good ; it's a result of you exploring what you're trying to run from . i understand seeking numbness to run from pain and things you're afraid of . the only things that ever helped me were ... it's good that you're expressing yourself through art . and that you're looking forward to the future . and i know that you said you aren't afraid because you feel indifferent to everything . yet--and ... as good and pure as it has ever been . but people express it imperfectly like they have for many , many years . sometimes it's an attempt to express it's good and pure form , and it retains some of ... when i'm usually angry and irritated with people , it's because they display the same problems i find within myself . it's usually a better diagnosis of the problems i'm having then the problems ... so you believe these two things would be fuller expressions of your identity ? why is that ? and what else do you feel like doing , i . e . , what do you love to do ? 1 . babylon 5 2 . buffy the vampire slayer 3 . angel 4 . justice league ( i include justice league : unlimited with this ) 5 . batman : the animated series i know what you mean , i've been there for the past year or so and am just now getting out of it . what do you want your life to be ? truly happy . there's a deep , divine current of joy in my soul . the scarlet letter by nathaniel hawthorne . overwritten in places , but it's overall a beautiful book . i'm thinking i'll read language : an introduction to the study of speech by edward sapir next ... i'm finding trouble finding words to describe how i'm feeling , so i'll just use a song . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o7YNbP7nUrk despair burning i can smell the strong fragrance of despair burning soft beauty brushing the insides of my sinuses intoxicating hope flooding my heart bright delight dancing from my ... el corazón del cristo verte belleza maravillosa . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eey_cMshtyA when you get lost in your imagination and it takes some exertion to come back to reality . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FfjZGoXhuzE like btmangan said , it has nothing to do with mbti . this guy doesn't love her , because he selfishly violated her and completely disrespected her wishes . he deserves a prison cell . as for the ... why are you so far from me ? in my arms is where you are to be how long will you make me wait ? i don't know how much more i can take i missed you but i haven't met you oh but i want to how i do ... i wish i could start my master's degree now . i wish i could start doing what i was meant to do , what i was born for . i wish i could meet and grow in a community of like-minded people with similar ... i have . it really hasn't worked out and only causes frustration . allowing myself to receive mercy and grace is the only thing that's helped . high school musical . my friend took my man card a couple years ago as a result and i haven't looked back since . : tongue : linguistics . not that people hate it , but many don't care for it . suffering is inevitable , misery is optional . the only place without the dangers and pains of love , besides heaven , is hell . so love others even though you might and will get hurt . you will ... feeling burnt-out and wanting nothing more than to decompress , and yet still deep analysis keeps springing to mind when i just want it to go away . it's like i can't turn my brain off most of the time . '