52/100 masculine 53/100 feminine 55/100 androgynous isfj female i think the embarrassment comes from the way some descriptions are worded . i mean , when i first got into this pretty much everything i read said things like ' you're a doormat and people take ... i don't hide it if people are interested but i don't advertise it either . i mean , when people are genuinely interested it can be good for discussion , but overall people just don't seem to know ... i like most things , but lately i've mostly been listening to old new zealand music ( eg , 2000-2005- ish time frame , bit of nostalgia there , i think ) and my husband's new favourite , abney park . there's ... haha , i was just going to post something very similar to this . work deadlines i will always always hit . i may procrastinate a bit but i always make sure that whatever is due is done by the due ... this is such a great post . i agree with pretty much everything you've said . this bit was really great , and i agree so much . there is such a stigma to the term ' feminist ' that is based only ... i'm not religious either . i guess i could be called agnostic since i've investigated several religions and found something in a few of them . none of them works for me , though , especially since they ... i think the problem is that if these isfjs are anything like me even just saying we don't want to do something in what you consider to be a wishy washy way is a strongly expressed ' no ' to us . if i ... 1 . how do you all use si day to day ? i just do : tongue : no , seriously , i don't have any idea how to answer this question . it's just natural , it just happens . maybe this relates to si ( let me ... 1 . what do you think about gender roles ? do you prefer to stick to the role that is traditionally assigned to your gender and , if so , do you think others should do the same ? i think gender roles are ... why do you think that ? i'd think fe , trying to make harmony in the world , would be easily swayed towards volunteering for the good of a group . i'm with those who think most types could be ... i'm not sure if it would ever get published because it's very much a ' slice of life ' story , rather than something with a proper plot as such . it's based on the woman and a few of her friends and ... * shudder * twilight isn't a good example of any genre ! i suspect anne elliot in jane austen's persuasion is an isfj . also try a book called the total tragedy of a girl named hamlet by erin dionne . if she's not an isfj she's not too far from how i ... totally agree . i set myself a challenge to write a book where the main character is an isfj with all our flaws but also our strengths . i am about 1/4 of the way through . it's an interesting ... i'm isfj , have loved doctor who since i was a kid . i grew up with it , probably as repeats since i doubt i was old enough to remember pertwee from the first time round , and i know i saw his episodes ... i had a casual-ish outdoor wedding in the garden of an old house , then we went inside to a small-ish reception which was just a buffet so no big deal served meal for us . i did have my dream dress , ... nope not at all in the generally understood ' i like traditional values and think society should never , ever change because liberal nonsense is bad ' sense of the word . in the ' do i like traditions of ... kanerou i identify quite heavily with what you say . i'm 99 % sure i'm an isfj but many of the traits ascribed to isfjs turn me cold . many of them are not what i consider desirable and in a lot of ... in general i agree , but that mother repeatedly did something that was clearly hurtful and upsetting to her child and eventually that child lost her temper . it happens and i doubt she totally ... woah , this is a bit harsh . respect has to be earned and if the mother is telling these embarrassing stories and disrespecting the child then no she certainly doesn't deserve respect . respect isn't ... hmmm , i think you should do it . if you do it and just let it speak for itself you won't have to go up to people . what you'll get is people who are at least curious talking to you about it so you ... i kind of see these as two different things . first , for me to start hanging out with someone i need to find some common ground just like teddy said . i have taken lately to talking with people on ... yeah i was brought up in a left leaning family that always emphasised making our own minds up and freedom of opinion . consequently i'm very left leaning while one of my brothers is right leaning and ... gnudung , reading what you wrote i think you need to watch the less mainstream movies . two of the three you list that you've seen this year are major blockbusters , which by definition pander to the ... yep that's all . it's all i need to do because there are very few times when i don't understand where my emotions are coming from . generally my emotions aren't what i need to figure out in order to ... almost always left . there are probably a few issues where i lean right , but they don't tend to be the ones that are important to me so if it came to ' vote for the left person who covers most of my ... even as a female i do this too . i have been accused of being ' cold ' by people who don't know me because i will never let my emotions out to people who don't deserve them . as to your question , ... i basically floated through my first year of university , got a shock when i failed a couple of papers , then a ) chose second year papers that interested me and b ) learned that i couldn't cruise the ... it depends on the topic . with lighter , more casual , topics i tend to write as i speak and my blog is a bit difficult to follow because of this tendency ; but if it's something deeper , or i want to ... i've been reading this thread with interest since it started and i agree with this . we're seeing an almost textbook example of the types of miscommunication that can occur between these two types . ... yeah , like the others have said : pay rent on time and do your share of the chores even if you hate them . your own room , if it's separate , can be as messy / disgusting as you like , but any shared areas ... doctor who , mostly . that's the only one i really hang out for , but others i also watch are : big bang theory grimm project runway america's next top model ( can't help it with those two ; i just ... my best advice is to take one of those interests and think of a present that relates . for example , with the art , get an art book related to the art she likes to look at or if she likes to create art ... the one intj i know is really good at playing devil's advocate , and i appreciate him for helping me learn to look deeper at all sides of a topic before deciding what my opinion on it is . for me to get into my inner world takes time . i don't share who i am at my deepest with just anyone and even in a relationship it takes a long time to get to know who i really am . my advice if you ... mine is a building in my city that was extensively damaged in a big earthquake 2 years ago . i chose it because i always loved it in there , we are still not allowed back to the building and likely ... i was like you with my kids . i had ' routines ' that i did to signal to them when it was bed time or bath time or feed time or whatever , but they were never rigid nor were they at the same time each ... 1 . if you could anthropomorphize yourself into an animal , would animal would represent you ? i'd like to say a cat but i suspect i'd be some sort of really clingy dog . i hate dogs , though , so maybe ... he was tooo good , too nice , too everything i think . i wanted to slap him . this is possibly a lot to do with it being a long time since i saw his movie and that i hated the avengers . on the other ... i spend a lot of time at home , but if i'm not there i'll be at the local park , a library , a coffee shop , a bookshop , at the movie theatre or sitting around reading at the beach . ugh , really ? i haven't watched in a while but i absolutely loathe movie captain america especially in the avengers . i wonder why - i usually feel quite a happy affinity to characters generally typed ... i've only watched one and a half of the videos but it's really interesting . teddy , you are so adorable ! i really liked the way both of you interacted together and i'm really itching to watch the ... isfjs tend to be the nurses , caregivers etc and are generally in the background . you don't often find them in main character roles . they will sometimes be the ' shoulder to cry on ' sidekick for the ... teddy 564339 i'm sorry if this is hijacking your thread but i've been mulling over what you've said here and i'm a little confused on one point . if you suggest that we need to allow fe to dominate ... i'm married to an enfp and one of my best friends is one . i adore them - they are the only type i ever get a ' feeling ' about before becoming friends . everyone i've been immediately drawn to and ... this part is something you could work at on a weekly basis , teddy . once you've run out of fun things to do you'll have to start getting more creative which will push you a bit out of your comfort ... butting in to say vertigo is one of my favourite hitchcocks ! you should definitely watch it at some point . my other favourite one is north by northwest . hitchcock , to me , is so much more ... it was in the nineties when i was at university and it was shown at the local arthouse cinema , several times over many years actually ( oh the brilliant times i had in that place ! * sigh * ) . the thing ... bob_toeback i love a clockwork orange . i wonder if why i found it better than you did first time around is because i saw it on the big screen - - it's very compelling on the large screen . i've ...