' no and yes . by asking the question , you made me consider the idea : happy : anyway , i haven't bought much in the last half a year or so . my suitcase is full so i have no room for more stuff . no , not really . unlike a lot here , i do ( did ) not find it easy to attract someone , mostly due to self esteem issues . i think i am over that now though . like others have mentioned though , i like have ... absolutely agree with that . i think having a horse cock is just an ego boost ... edit : i might as well add , i think we should all be confident with who we are . whether your tall or short , skinny ... sex questions - i've been to more than enough onsens and bath houses to know that size can vary wildly with no rythme or reason . i seen a big strong man not so well endowed and a little skinny nerdy ... this is what i have done . admittedly i still have a few things to sell off but everything with me now fits within a suitcase . this month , i am going to travel to another country ( at least that's the ... no , but i have parted the red sea . i have the best cock in the world . there has never been , nor will there ever be , a cock so magnificent as mine . it is indeed the pinnacle of evolution standing strong and tall amongst a crowd of ... sword skills are in the male-entp's domain . i'm sorry but i was making a terribly nerdy joke involving smalltalk the programming language . my apologies ... who am i to judge ? if someone wants to use smalltalk , i see no reason for them to transition to another language . are you trolling grammar nazi's now too . is this me ? the other night i went to sleep on the floor and woke up in my bed . later i found out i had a shower in my sleep too . don't tell me i'm sleep perc'ing as well . i first read this as how many of you were involved in geek life in college ? , this made sense to me . then i noticed it was greek life and assumed you made a typo . as you can see , this question ... this year , my income will be low . there's no denying it . i'm kind of like a traveling student at the moment so i accept that things might be a little tight for a year or so . even still , i'm happy ... i curious to know how much money people make through advertising with such sites . with the advent and proliferation of online social networks , it seems everyone wants to post a link to a test . most ... gynecologist orthopaedic surgeon belly dancer i'm surprised no one has said they've considered killing themselves yet . i've never dated myself but i have had a ' friends-with-benefits ' arrangement with myself ever since i was teenager . i'm making my way through real world haskell - real world haskell it's quite enlightening learning haskell . because i can : smile : family visit ... funny you say that , i did consider getting a van and traveling that way . i like being in cities though so i decided against it ( though i think it's an interesting way of living ) . i'm from australia , ... i've probably mentioned this one here already ... but anyway , i sold all my stuff so that i can be mobile . i live in a very small unit ( and share a single bed ! ) but i like it . i was working in one ... i'm a bit confused by this ? maybe others will disagree with me , but i find that some puas actually have a some good information . some of the main points can be summed up as - meet more people , be ... caring less and not treating dating too seriously worked for me . when i got back into the dating game last year , i probably drove a couple of girls away from me by exposing a lot of my insecurities , ... except this doesn't fit with reality . many of the biggest flag-waving atheists have excellent knowledge of the bible and koran and have researched the evolution of religions from per-christian times . i honestly think that we need to let go of these ideas that we have to achieve something and that if we don't , we are worthless . it's not very helpful and i think fear is the wrong motivating factor ... i think it depends a lot on who you live with . i've lived in a house with 7 people and it was fine . i've shared a flat with 2 people and have been driven mad . but anyway , if you don't like being at ... i think meetup.com is a great idea and use it reasonably regularly . i meet my sort of girlfriend at a meetup event and had another where i had a good random night out with some guys i meet . i've been ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JovX5uZHmOk i have had some doubt creep up on me recently related to the process of ' growing up ' . through facebook , i've seen that some of my old friends are doing quite well and me ... well , i'm literally ... honestly , i think cut back to 1 post a day max ( on average ) . there's no way that people are reading every single post of yours so what's the point ? if you really want to record your thoughts , maybe ... yeah , aging sucks . i have no problems with my body though ( i don't want my 23 year old body back ) . sure , it's all down hill from here but we can do things to keep healthy . i've seen people in there ... holy smokes . i'd be hiding your posts pretty damn quickly at that rate . let's see - [ cool ] experience at dc's awesomecon - ok iheartradio pool party live stream - don't care going to a ... i'll be honest , part of me wants to be incredibly hot in the eyes of some guy i don't know on the internet . as observer says though , we all have our preferences . i won't be heart broken and sad if ... yeah , i can't relate to that at all . separate boxes for separate topics , that seems crazy . also , if given the chance , a man's mind returns to a state of thinking about nothing ? sounds a lot like ... good to hear . i suspected that might be the case but i ran blindly into battle anyway to protect my comrade :) surely we aren't still living in the jungle are we ? i know height is a sexual preference / fetish for many women but beyond that , i'd like to think we are moving towards a world where height / sexual ... ... this seems like some esoteric argument . the future doesn't really exist so it's impossible to love the future . as soon as the future is real and tangible , it's the present . therefore , at best ... quite similar to me ... i have a severely autistic older brother . he doesn't speak a word now but when he was younger , he could say a few things . as far as i'm concerned , hating people will actually make you less happy so it makes sense to not think that way . what does annoy me though is violence and repression ; it's kind of difficult to see ... can you blame us ? dorks are just so fun to fuck . this one is from a little while back . really great little trip along the great ocean rd in victoria , australia . 334226 this is something i have thought quite a bit about . i already have a phd so for me , the idea of more formal study doesn't really interest me . the major thing i am teaching myself now is about using ... in that case , i withdraw my comment . bigger organisations are full of bureaucracy which i hate . smaller groups are more responsive . my ideal would be having someone handle all admin stuff and then having a team of five or so people ... i some areas of my life , i'm certainly not considered dominant . i seem to come across as very submissive to a few of my acquaintances . to a degree this is true . for example , what bar do you want to ... i might have missed it but why only once a week ? it seems that you want more so i guess that he is limiting contact . so , a young hormonal male limiting contacting with a girl that will sleep with ... stayed up last night watching videos on functional programming ... wild ! agree and disagree . if i'm getting it , then there's more to life than sex , but if i'm not ... well , i'd be lying if i said i didn't spend an inordinate amount of time thinking about sex . fortunately , ... for me , learning programming has really increased my desire to get better at maths . beforehand , i end up writing out big formulas and chucking in excel to do a few calculations and that's about as ... '