' i just noticed that 2 posts i made yesterday in the s & r forum were deleted this morning ? i'd like to know if this was a glitch or something because the posts were on-topic and didnt had any bannable ... apply highlander's motto to its full extent . i think your mom sounds like the kind of person i'd get along with , no dark implications . i also think you're taking it way too serious , she was trying to be friendly with you , you really cant go ... don't think i fit the description . no , i'm sorry , but thats really not the case . there are several guys who would tell a girl with a nice ass that she has a nice ass . because they think that most women will find the direct approach to ... i like it , but all of the terrible directing decisions just leave a horrible taste in my mouth ( metaphor ) . the zombies have an effectiveness toggle . most of the redshirts deaths happen because the ... this is actually the most critizised aspect of the mbti , the reason why it really doesn't hold any credibility on psychiatry . a lot of people simply answer the test according to their current mood ... people are retarded asses like that . it happens way too often to me , i'm definitely not an expert in any subject , but there are plenty of subjects which i know a lot about , i never claim to be a ... opinions are best judged according to the person who said it and in the context he / she said it . if a random guy over the internet , who has no clue about you , says something that bothered you ( maybe ... you do not owe any loyalty to your race or country , the decision is yours . if you're black and you want to marry a japanese girl and have a family with her , you can do it , you dont have to feel bad ... man i feel so sad about american college students ... education should be free everywhere . harvard university could afford to educate all of its students on tuition fees alone . no need to charge that ... is it better to help people half a world away or people half a mile away ? i understand what you are saying , but i think you are being a bit extremist about it . generally people reject foreign ... well , you're right there : it does have its uses , namely controlling other people and ensuring they dont do anything against whoever is in power . like i said it was something created in times where a ... just curious about whats the opinion of native english speakers about this ... which language out there do you like the most ( besides english ) ? why ? and which do you like the least ? because patriotism is a dumb and useless mindset that is socially instilled in people to prevent them from leaving their country behind . an invent made in older times to stop people from getting out ... yeah , it sucked pretty bad . there is only one lady which i trusted with my hair . the few people on perc who have seen my pictures know how much of a wild hair i got . its any hairdresser nightmare ... 1 - probably since i was 15 . got my licence when i was 18 . currently 20 . 2 - situational awareness , knowledge of one's car ( dimensions , acceleration times , gear ranges if you're driving stick ) and ... as long as you're not bombing people for not sharing your religious views ... oh well . its been a long time since i heard anything about france . thhe germany part is weird for me tho . my friend is german and she told me they never used the pics over there . but if its a ... wait , france uses that europass thing now ? i don't know about your country , but at least in france ( i'm half french ) , germany , spain and italy , your resume should not have a picture , because employers avoid looking at them so that nobody can ... i honestly dont know if there are any good online jobs ... could you tell me what is the description of the job you're interested in ? as far as i know , the only good online job that you could get is ... as they've said , do not put it in a resume . your resume should not have any info about you as a person , it should not have your picture , your interests , hobbies or a small bio , if your employer ... i used to listen to a lot of video game music , my ipod was full of it . i slowly deleted most of the songs though , because it turns out , most people see it as really weird when you're listening to ... yup the music band . i've been curious about what are people's opinions on the band . the only reason why i listen to them is because of flea's style , great bassist , has great lines . but i cant help ... hate math and all of its variations . i prefer the applied concepts . istp christian parents are christian , family is christian , but community is catholic . crafting some improvised explosives and posting on forums . dont worry , i only make the explosives for the sake of making them , most of them dont even got enough kick to harm anyone ( unless they ... if you visit her later in life , chances are she wont see you as her brother , or at least not very important . if you're with her during her young years , when her brain is still not as developed ... geniuses are born . a person with a surprising amount of grey matter and with different brain synapses . that wont change with study . however every person has the chance to be bright , by studying ... i believe it's good since not everyone dislikes the idea of being with someone who thinks like you , i think it could be very beneficial to be honest . if you managed to get a boyfriend , then yes , lots of people have worst luck than you . let me add something i didnt said earlier : you should really be grateful that you're allowed to study engineering and that you qualified for it . engineering is one of the most expensive and hardest ... there are ugly and beautiful people in every single country in the world . so lionel messi and his gf are in bed . the gf says lio , make love to me , messi says ok baby , i'm going to the bathroom first . 5 minutes pass and messi comes out the bathroom with xavi and ... i dont really believe in such things , but hey . nobody ever told me the color of mine or anything like that . i was actually going to ask if anyone had prayed for you . i'll do it . i'd just like to thank god for sorting out a lot of things in my life lately , and i'd like to ask if you could pray for him ... good , just wait for the month to pass and then have somebody change your locks . look for a new roommate . preferibly a female one . yes , most people think it will be easy to do something like that , but when it happens they see it's not . good thing nothing happened to you ! a knife is no game . if you could get a taser , that'd be ... you need psychiatric help . seek counceling , therapies and a psychiatrist . all i can say is that you should abandon that everything always has to be perfect or its shit mindset , it's not gonna help ... ok , i'm gonna give a very important advice nobody here seemed to give you after posting this . i think i'm one of the few people in perc who is somewhat well versed in self-defense . do not take ... yes i've felt the rage , though it was more focused towards those who i think pushed her to do it , there were a lot of abussive figures in her life . i honestly think if any of those guys had shown up ... thank you all guys for your sincere words , i can't really individually quote anyone right now , but i just want to say thanks . things have been like a rollercoaster so far , some days are good , some ... so there's nothing aside going on ? i do feel like there was a valuable lesson to be learned : fix any issues you've got with your friends while you can , cherish your friends . she was one of my ... one of my friends hung herself on saturday . i had not spoken to her for nearly 10 months because we had somewhat of a fight and misunderstanding , i wanted to mend my relationship with her but now i ... this is typical for istps . take it a level further if you're an aspie . the social enviroment , i dislike the person i have to become in order to deal with all the bullshit that happens in college . also most of the stuff you learn there is literally useless . i want to ... the description is only a stereotype , it doesn't have to fit you to a t . i used to write some stuff ... looking to get back into writing , once i find something interesting again . i'm still an istp . oh no don't take it personal , the purpose of this thread is simply to criticize a stereotype , i wasn't referring to what you just said . ( skip a turn ) it is hard to determine which part of what you said was important , since you simply said way too much . '