' hi all i'm interested in finding out about how many intj's find intentions and tone of voice very easy to read . for context , say you are having a conversation with a person one on one , they ... hello all what podcasts do you listen to ? i currently listen to waking up with sam harris philosophize this ! alan watts ( long dead but i often enjoy listening to them again ) intj i of course like a range and when i was a teenage i mostly enjoyed rock music tool system of a down etc now i often enjoy melancholic music as well as quirky / dark music the problem with this that an entj is never going to develop fe to be their dominant function . it just can't work like that , i know a few entj's and they are be very caring people , but they certainly ... photography is one of my passions . i enjoy the process of taking the photo more than outcome of the photo usually . i don't particularly enjoy being in front of the camera though . i'd love to find like minded people who live near me . leave a message if you come from a land down under . interesting ... i see ... that's a very narrow minded perception why will you not answer my questions ? is it because you can tell it's going to make you prove yourself wrong ? intj - never enjoyed learning any of the sciences at school , i was more interested in history and classical studies - i'm not that smart - socially i'm pretty good with people , it's more a lack of ... the strange thing is when you question them they have no idea how fulsome their comments appear . i didn't intend to attack you , i understand you may have been trying to be helpful . i just get tired of some people on forums , particularly in the industry i work in where they think it's a great ... fair points , you have kind of missed the point a little though and i'm well versed in what i need to learn to work better in social situations . i thank you for for your input but i wasn't just ... hello fellow intj's all the people in my life who have fe 1st or 2nd function have a particular trait that really bothers me . over the top caring , taken so far it it becomes unauthentic . an ... your memory is exactly ... exactly like mine .. including the name part . i always forget names . it can be a real problem , i often work in a school where there are around 60 staff . after 3 years of ... i find that details are hard to remember , peoples names , birthdays etc just vanish . what i'm good at remembering is impressions from the details . it can be a bit difficult at times with a memory like ... i was wrong , you are more intelligent than my cat i am in a very similar position in my life . the friends i had in my late teens and early twenties were just friends who loved cars to . other than that we had very little in common and i always felt ... i have a strong passion for boudoir photography and a lot of my passion for that comes from the beauty i find in the female form ti and fi in my experience are the functions that lead to a closed mind , unless linked with ne . figuring that mbti is passed on genetically because your parents are both intuitive is rather short sighted . i think you will find there are a lot of intuitive's who have a sensing mother and father ... while my original question was very general i just wanted to see what responses would be . the reason i asked this question is because with a few people i know ( enfj , infj and isfj ) i find when ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gRwFRMGpTWg based mostly on my own experience i want to ask you all this question . do you find the types that use fi to be more genuine in the ways that they care for others than those with fe ? please ... your memory works just like mine , which i find pretty interesting . but yeah i get the same thing , my memory is always an impression or the gist of things , never the details . when i do remember the ... haha i was just watching this show last night and was thinking he was an intuitive . also seems like a type 6 cute smart has interests beyond scented candles and makeup ( isn't a basic bitch ) has depth of character down to earth confident lady on the street but a freak in the sheets open minded kind ... you make some interesting points here . particularly about people having hard associations with symbols which cause unnecessary negative outcomes or views . i completely , i'm always in disbelief how ... i have to agree with you . but i'm not so sure it is an easy fix . human kind is like a bacteria that feeds on the resources around it multiplying over and over until one day it is killed off by its ... i'd love to but sadly it looks like she is very far away ! : sad : well said lucy , couldn't agree more : tongue : interesting the number of people who's families seem to be filled with intuitives and thinking preference females . that seems to contradict your signature . i think there are plenty of us intj males looking for intj girls , but they are rather hard to meet in real life : happy : to add further to what others have been saying . for me ni is obvious to me particularly when it comes to predicting outcomes , especially with people and their reactions . my mind is aways ... serious is my natural mode . mostly because it takes me a long time to open up to people . there is only really 1 or 2 people in my life that i will be silly , joking and playful with naturally . in ... entj females are hot ! ! i wish i could hug all of you because i value all of your opinions because they all have merit . that's the first illogical thing you have said all day ! would love to see the results funnily enough this made me laugh i'm terrible at remembering peoples names . the moment they introduce themselves hello my name is ... i hear the name , but it just does not register . they walk ... when someone makes a statement about a topic that you don't know much about but you just know what they said isn't right you sometimes ponder if someone close to you died , would you actually feel sad not a poem and i didn't write it but it is brilliant i wrote a cliche for you to cringe on time is precious time is vast we live short lives so make it last ! mirteiwazat depression is going to have a strong affect on someone . when someone is depressed it's rarely going to make them stay acting like what people perceive as an extrovert . under it all ... i like their example they used in the video , if someone throws a ball at you you're going to use your dominant hand instinctively to defend yourself and i don't believe any amount of training of your ... the most sure way is discovery of your first two functions . the differences between intj , istj and istp is are obvious when you think about it this way . you are either going to be ni dom ( intj ) , si ... hi all this has been bothering me for a while now , often i read posts where people claim they used to be a different type to what they are now . in my experience and from what i know about mbti and ... i have had the same thing a few times , you just get the feeling . i can't quite put my finger on which happened first or if i actually remember a real life situation because the memory of dreams is so ... my friend is an infj and he does the exact same things with girls , if they can't play the game with him , i . e they don't have good responses to his mind games / friendly teasing he just loses interest ... temperament i think is the difference . when you just need quiet peaceful time alone who wants a dog which is hyperactive , noisy and relentless in attempts to get attention .. cats are like intj's ... i love you . in a completely non-creepy internet stranger kind of way . : tongue : math , listening to people i think are stupid , not drifting away in my mind when reading , dealing with people dumping emotion on me intj '