' intj - toxicology more than just sometimes , unfortunately . caught me red handed . i was trying to be discreet ( obviously ) . my god no . i worship the ground a certain entp walks on . i really should . thanks (: i'm not an enfj , but i was very close friends with one , and she got excited over every little thing that her crush / boyfriend would do for her . anything that requires a lot of time , thought , and ... not an nf , but i really enjoy their videos . hearing other types talk about their personality is a great reference for me to understanding the mbti in a way that applies to real life . it makes it ... i've always had difficulty sympathizing with others because of my inability to feel their emotions . whenever i try to comfort someone , i end up trying really hard not to look fake more than actually ... philosophy , yesss i only really like certain kinds of math and science ... geometry , trig , chemistry , calculus , and biology . but i detest physics and algebra . i've always loved art , and i wish i was better at ... haha , i'm actually the opposite . i don't have huge scary tantrums at all . i have a short temper and it's only released through venting / ranting . and that's every day . definitely not a 2 . i want to say either a 4 or a 7 . 7 because happiness is extremely important to you , and you seem to be very optimistic . 4 because you seem to really be into expressing ... i stereotype most girls as fe users , too ( or feelers , in general ) . not gonna lie . i also assume that all athletic people are s types . analyzing your speech ? hmm .. i did see a chart about the ... yeah , i sometimes think they can be fake , but they always give good advice . i have a couple of fj friends who i used to be really close to , but even now that we barely talk , i can still count on them ... haha , my sister messes with me all the time just because she knows she'll get a reaction . it may have something to do with neuroticism or ( lack of ) agreeableness , which are definitely traits i ... very true . most people i know have little or no knowledge of myers-briggs , let alone cognitive functions . it's just difficult for me as i am not in touch with who i am to hear others insist that i'm ... that's exactly what annoys me . oh gosh , yes . they usually disagree with me just to be contrary ( and vice versa ) . mmmkay , well i'm an intj . sincerity is extremely important to me and extremely evident in my personality . it's just hard to explain to people that i'm a thinker after they witnessed so many of my ... i'm by myself 90 % of the time but when i'm not , i'm still more in tune to my own emotions . i also studied up a bit more on fi vs fe ... and i think i'm fi ... fi is more focused on my own emotions , right ? i just express mine a lot more than the average intj . that makes sense . i have a friend who is undoubtedly an infj and she mostly just cares about other people . she's not competitive and she generally loves being around people and helping them . not i . nooo come baaack humansss there is no way i'm an isxp . it's hard for people to really tell what kind of person i am over the internet , but i can assure i'm most likely a paranoid ni-dom . after reading this , i really think i'm an intj : most intjs do not give a hoot whether they offend people and upset social harmony . they will not be afraid to tell you that you ’ re a complete ... okay , here goes nothing . ( these aren't in order ) 1 . physical health 2 . knowledge 3 . competence 4 . honesty ( this one's a biggie ! ) 5 . imagination 6 . success 7 . loyalty 8 . humor / happiness 9 ... i was definitely like that when i was younger . i didn't pee in anyone's bag , but i was always wanting revenge . i never assumed that . after getting entj on every myers-briggs test i've taken ( a lot ) , i still think i'm an introvert . an introvert who likes attention , but still an introvert . my current issue is ... the struggle is real , isn't it ? 10 things i value ? ouch . i'd really have to think about that one . i'm not very self-reflective . does that have anything to do with my type ? pretty much everyone has at some point . and i don't really think that anyone loves small talk . but it would seem that because intuitive types are more big picture oriented , they would ... 208418 these are from the test you have in the link . i actually am , according to this , ( slightly ) more extroverted than introverted . and the emotional stability is quite low , unsurprisingly . i ... well i did score in the 99th percentile for neuroticism on the five factor test ... but it doesn't have to do with thinking or feeling at all ? if any of you guys have witnessed my venting on this website , you might have questioned whether or not i'm really an intj . a few people , in fact , have proposed ( without any basis other than the fact ... i said mostly . and , considering the fact that the majority of the us population and the majority of people i know are sensing , that's my observation . i'm just trying to give the little facts from my ... blah , blah , blah you're going way into the details , senser . you know what i mean . it doesn't have to be articulated perfectly for people to get the idea . the awkward outcasts / nerds in high school ( i speak for myself ) 1 . people who wear fake glasses 2 . people who can't wait in line for more than 30 seconds 3 . people who come through the 15 items or less lane with like , 200 items 4 . people who call themselves ... i use it ! and i love it ! there's just one small issue . they don't have tool ! also , welcome entp ! i hope this doesn't sound weird ( it does ) , but i have a fetish for entps ! i h8 small talk . i love deep , philosophical conversations . every time i start talking about abstract topics to my classmates ( mostly sesning people ) or , better yet my mother ( also sensing ) , they ... sexy . them and entps . can't . get . over . it . how . cool . they . are . so are intjs the least special , then , since they're opposites ? clothes and money . i'm shallow . also a much , much higher iq . that could use some work . i'd say just keep getting to know this guy . there's always more to learn about an intj . see what you find about him , his true values and what he regards as important . the more you learn , the more you ... mental disability , in my case . but you can't just assume that all of us are arrogant sociopaths who completely deny having feelings . then what type ( s ) is special , in your opinion ? slay yeah , weird , huh ? my mom does that too ! she doesn't know how to just chill ! ( not that i do , either , in a sense . ) oh my '