' ehm ... to be honest , the first thing i've noticed about my future entp husband was his ability to make fun of literally anything . he was so funny and playful ! i met him 14 years ago so the details ... hey ariz :D ! welcome to the site :] i have been with my infp for almost four years now and i would gladly talk about what i like about our relationship and the things we may consider working ... out of curiosity - what is the english word for a male version of cougar ? endologic i am not sure if i understand your question , could you explain me what you mean ? i don't agree . it lacks eysenck's psychoticism . uhm .. the idea behind keirsey's temperament theory is people sharing certain traits , what you propose is the opposite , and in this sense me ... what's your theory ? please do elaborate :] when i was an intern in a mental hospital [ personality disorders department ] i found it really hard to type people , sometimes i couldn't even tell if ... i used to have doubts about me being extroverted . when i am among people i usually talk a lot . a lot :D ! but i did some research and observation and turned out that i confused introversion with ... headofhudet thanks for this ! i've never thought about it from this perspective , but i have a question - what is in your opinion the reality the chess represent ? the goal of the game is to ... how does the procedure of genetic testing look like ? do they draw your blood or sth ? why did you get tested in a first place ? unfortunately i cannot agree , at least when it comes down to being an atheist in poland :] but i do agree that it probably has little to do with the type . ok my few thoughts , on the fi , and you considering yourself to be intp ( ish ) while you were depressed . i can relate . i have a system of deeply rooted values and i act on them when it's ... i second this . i listen to system of a down when i have to clean my flat :] i love soad , it always lifts my mood , so i am trying classical pavlovian conditioning to make me like tidying up . ... ... and what does she thinks on this subject ? did you have are we a thing relationship talk yet : > ? how long have you known her before you became intimate ? no , never . i cried like baby when president roslin died in the last episode of battlestar galactica though . shite ... i have to stop thinking about it ...  ... and now i am sad . yeah , i've seen that one ! black mirror is awesome . intp mammas ... guys , you are my heroes ! i don't want to have children on my own , i never did . it's not that i don't like them , i work with kids and i do enjoy that experience . but i only do ... go on .. i am intrigued :D o good gods - . - i think you missed the whole idea of what functions are . who said that nts can't get pissed , sad , happy , feel scared or lonely ? preference for thinking and feeling has to do ... psychology is a social science . the results are approximations . on my first day of uni , our social psychology teacher told us that the more we will know , the more frequently we will respond to ... barnum effect i don't believe in horoscopes . i am a sagittarius , ascending scorpio , mc virgo , luna in gemini . my mars , venus and luna form a pretty triangle , and when you add uranus in ... excuse me for posting below my own post . i hate when people do that :D this is almost exactly what jung wrote on ni doms , being the lone voices crying in the wilderness , prophets who are not ... nynaeva ... and i was using the word temperament the way i was taught when i was studying psychology [ temperament - unique kind of a nervous system ] . keirsey's definition imo is to broad and ... i am definitely not a hugging type . i don't plan to change it , and i see no reason why should i . my mom told me that this freaked out her and the rest of our family , because since i was a baby i ... thanks a lot for this suggestion ! i will try to sell it to one of my little patients i am seeing tomorrow :D and did you :D ? skyracerx geee , i am so sorry to hear about your situation ! i deal with this kind of people like this woman on a daily basis unfortunately [ i am child therapist and i try to help their poor ... i wonder if there was actually any research done on the subject , or the editors from 16 personalities came up with this theory because the attraction of opposites seems so ... romantic i guess ? ... when it comes to working with somebody i work best coupled with intjs . when it comes to getting along i get along well with intuitives in general . even if this is true [ protecting the feeble-minded , lol :D ] , i still see no reason why somebody is censoring nipples . is there something wrong with men having an erection : > ? flotore [ intp pep-talk begins :] when i decided to go to technical university i was .. thirty :] i had a degree in philosophy , psychology , but i lost contact with math as a subject at school when ... out of curiosity ( but on the subject ): what do you guys think about breastfeeding in public ? the same nipples , different context . uhhh ... this is gonna be a tough one , because my english vocabulary is lacking when it comes to intricacies of anatomy and temperament , and i read lost of positions about this subject in polish - but ... intentionally vague :D ? it's gonna take me some time to write you a response , don't expect it before monday . i have exams this weekend , and since english is not my first language writing something ... so true , so true ... prefers to spend time alone ... values theory ... so true ... wait ... maybe ... no way ... structure ? organized ? me ? me ? this test is bullshit ! my entp dad :D ! stawker both nietzsche and wittgenstein made it to my short list of philosophers i admire . to be honest with you , i am torn between deciding whom do i love the most and who had ... i feel you ! gettig accustomed to = not meaning equals took me some sweet time . also , i've noticed that each time i am reading a book and i stumble upon ; my sight starts to go backwards , from the ... raconteur i've started writing websites kind of spontaneusly , when i was a teenager , back in 1998 . i wanted to have a gallery on the web so people could see my sailor moon inspired manga :] i ... bitterself can you think about any resons why you would like to be an intp ? i mean why this particular is appealing to you ? i am with dasein - the type description he linked you is imo really ... well said ! right now , in my country the government is planning to ban abortion , even if the featus was concieved due to rape . on the other hand , our delegates are fighting at the european ... an actual scientific article ! with bibliography and everything ! i'm so glad that i decided to join personality cafe , lots of smart folk here :D thank you ! totally makes sense , especially if ... kaboomz unfortunately , i can also came up with similar stories .. what do they have in common is the girl wanted to get pregnant , therefore ... which made me think about yet another explanation ... omg , it's my sentiment exactly ! kaboomz i cannot say for other nts but to me , the older i get , the idea of having children is becoming less and less logical [ they need constant care when little , need regular feeding , cost a lot ... it should be called anti-choice and not pro-life . i am very much pro-life [ salus aegroti suprema lex ] but at the same time i am pro choice . it's a woman's right to choose for herself - her mental ... my theory - it has something to do with genetics , since we are born with certain and unique nervous systems , which make us the way we are . intuitive people may have less children , the genes are not ... oh , you are so , so mean ! i like that :D but seriously now . i wondered some time ago what the famous loops are since lots of people write about them and i found for example this article : ... as far as i know , grant / beebe's model of cognitive functions stack is not supported by any scientific , large scale research [ i've checked on ebsco database ] * . in his personality types jung ... procrastinating . again . i should probably study : < lilibug 1 i'll start with kissing on the cheek / the forehead . my best female friend and i do that every time we meet . we also play with eachother's hair , mostly because we do eachother's roots . so ... nuala one of the reasons i am delaying my motherhood is a fantasy of my children starving to death because i hate cooking so much . all cooking related appliances in my kitchen belong to my sister , ... '