' thank forcthst insight . i can totally understand how you can feel manipulated if you didn't feel like your choices to act were your choice in a relationship , but rather pushed upon you . it does ... i reread the above post and i apologize if it seemed critical . it was more inquisitive . i understand the pros of putting one first , but have difficulty understanding how this would work if both ... thank you for this response . it sounds like you care for your infj : ) . overall it seems like entps need someone to support and / or let them alone to pursue their projects and ideas . it seems entps ... it does seem entps are extremely hard on themselves setting their own internal benchmark . but how does this relate to others close to you in your life , e . g . children , spouse family ? if the focus is ... although narcissism may seem like another explanation for confidence , it appears to be rooted in a self-constructed shell of protection . my question is , if one is always feeding their own ego , isn't ... yes , it has been a few years since his separation , but not really fully separated for awhile since he followed his ex overseas to watch her have another baby with another man and they are about to ... well if someone is seeking that emotional connection with others isn't that an indicator that there is something not quite right in the relationship ? i mean , i can connect with other men and share , ... that actually helps a lot . it seems like you guys need to test that path yourself rather than trust someone / historical knowledge on said exploration ... you are looking to reinvent the wheel at times ... thank you for that . i read that thread . it seems hopeless than for an entp to commit in a long-term sustainable relationship . will they always be bored with one partner ? what / when changes their tun ... a lot of the entps here have suggested they go all in when they know , but have many sustained this for long ? / / i have been dating another entp who wanted to get married , but i wasn't sure , ( he seems ... what book states this theory ? haha ... i think he definitely has some sociopath traits .. laying it out does make my decision easier ... he is crack . i'll just eradicate . the irony is , i think he is the weak one . i'm done analyzing ... how does an ni + fe combo work ? ? * sigh * maybe it is this simple , but he is an excellent manipulator and a tested entp . my holding on came from his line that when he commits he is very loyal . i relate and for a short time , saw this ... history with my entp guy : we met almost 2 years ago . we were both coming out of bad long term breakups with others . we met , hit it off and started to spend a lot of time together . i naturally fell ... interesting . this resonates highly with me . does this ring true with any other infp females ? this guy is non-committal it seems . i know he likes me , but vacillates - seeking reassurance and telling me he refuses to be vulnerable ... he needs someone patient he says ... but i can't sacrifice ... but what is there to read if it is all open book ? does this include discloses your deepest insecurities ? frustrating piece is - - i think the emotional piece * is * there but neither of us will relinquish fully ... he tends to seek reassurance ... and gives off mixed messages ... how do you entp * feel * ... agree with the last bit ;) yeah , we are fairly critical of each other - - but it is part defensiveness and part wanting the other person to get / grow with you .. we do spend time trying to ' understand ' ... been there , done that ... but it's complicated and he doesn't want to commit to anyone ... i have decided to abstain from the deed as i am on another continent right now ... but when i return i still ... how does she communicate this - - - respect for your ideas ? how does she communicate your limitations without seeming critical ? maybe i should create another thread for this , but how does one * reach * an entp emotionally ? what allows you to feel connected to a so ? so you are saying you only purposively avoid hurting others in your life you care / love and don't mind hurting the rest ? what would you do if you found out you did hurt someone you love / care ... hmmm ... based on this i am more like an entp . i can super friendly and chameleon like to those i like or have a semi interest in , but if i really like someone and want to protect my vulnerability , ... single ... and possibly seeking . i suspect that his qualifications around his non-prompted ' like testimonials ' do stem from a form of protectionism . personally , i would never tell someone i like them , if i didn't , even if someone ... originally posted by grayzone : still here ... so all you entp's : how weighty would it be to you to tell someone - - in an arguably vulnerable moment that you like them ? i've been told this at least 3 ... still here ... so all you entp's : how weighty would it be to you to tell someone - - in an arguably vulnerable moment that you like them ? i've been told this at least 3 times by my entp , and even that ... this might be an interesting insight for entps , as pinkrasputin's coping behavior has also been my m . o . in an effort to deal with your type's apparent need for periodic detachment , i have had to get ... aye , well it is a tad different on my end . it us he who stressed he didn't want commitment or a ' relationship ' in the beginning , but again seemed miffed when i brought up dating other guys ... i feel ... i know that entps want their freedom , and they can , apparently shift full throttle into a relationship , but if they have been severely burned in the past , i wager some - - like many people - - would be ... haha . i bet you do :) care to elaborate / provide some insight into my last question ? ;) posted via mobile device note : he actually stated he was holding back . posted via mobile device still here ... thanks everyone for all the fabulous insight . so new question posed : how long do you guys / girls continue ' seeing ' someone without comitting . if you haven't decided either way , why ... * crickets * is this too difficult of a question to answer ? any semblance of a response actually would be interesting . right . is the absence from getting too close , and / or boredom typically ? do you ever pull back if you did open up too much to a girl and feel vulnerable ? well i think this person just got out of a painful relationship , so maybe they need time to heal . however , is it typical for most of you , ( assuming you don't know what you want ) , to continually ' see ' ... [ p ] how do you deal with strong positive feelings ? do you sincerely express them , tend to skate over their intensity ( play them down ) ? i think this entp does care about me , but it may be a couple ... well , i think i am the same in not wanting to invest more into a relationship unless i felt the person actually ' got ' me and i felt comfortable doing so - - otherwise it would be just an act and they ... do you react in a joking manner even if your feelings are actually hurt ? what would you describe as too serious ? could it even mean that you felt confident that the other person liked you as ... do you tend to discuss past relationships with her ? do entp's ( everybody please chime in ) , tend to disappear , push / pull , or periodically pull back from someone they like only to continually ... how do you go about figuring out how others feel about you ? what makes you comfortable enough to ' open up ' ? can you elaborate on this ? when do you finally , and / or realize that you do want ... do you ever feel sex can be an expression of love , rather than just a physical need ? also , in your past relationships how have you dealt with hurt feelings , or did that happen that often , meaning ... part of what you describe sounds like me . i can tease ... to the point of hurting someone's feelings when i really like someone - - but those that i really like would be tough enough to take it and ... please excuse my ignorance - but i am a little confused by the sometimes various conflicting information i receive about the extroverted confidence / unconfidence of entps . i read that they are bold ... well what does it mean to you if you act in an overly goofy mode - like exaggerated sweetness to the point of ridiculousness ? the guy told me he was shy but when i met him after a short period - he ... thanks for the reply treesee . i know this person is very busy but i do not want to be pushy / clingy . you say to be persistent , but i thought most entps abhor this type of behavior as they like to be ... that really depends . but yes , i can usually strike up a coversation with anyone and soon have them telling me about themselves . as to senseless conversations - like dumb random small talk - not so ... '