' title says it all , i suppose . i have a friend ( enfp ) who i've known for about 5 years now , and in the time i've known him it feels as though we haven't gone a day without talking . the two attempts ... hm , i feel like i couldn't handle no space . but i mean , just tell her why you have your no space needs . i'm sure she would understand , but i guess i don't have all the information i need to make ... hm , i've been stuck on 4chan ' s / a / and / v / for years , so i'm not familiar with any of these . but i'll post what i can ... 40414 well , advice , not necessarily help . i don't see how i'm blaming anything that isn't a part of me . hmmm ... could you elaborate a bit more . i don't understand what i'm a manifestation of . i don't know , you're so soothing . you're very good at wording your opinion . but your belief is the point , that's why i believe truth is so relative . and for many that isn't enough . that happens to me ... i don't agree with you entirely . i think we are very significant . but i also like to believe in an afterlife . but you sound so calm . do any of you suffer from insomnia ? it came back for me last week . it suuucks . it makes my mind really chaotic and unpredictable . i was typing this before , and it deleted somehow ? but that's okay ... i was just thinking about this . and i have a hard time looking people in the eye . i hate it about myself . but i'm weak in a lot of ways . :) i'm afraid of people's eyes and i can't tell why . i don't ... yes . i haven't seen her in a few months , but that's beside the point . i haven't felt the immediate urge to kill myself for a little while . but i just don't understand why people always get so ... i've talked to my girlfriend about this . and i am pretty young . i plan to be forgotten , that's the point . and i'm not killing myself for other people to notice me , it's more for people to notice everything . i think everyone just thinks differently than i do . my definition of art is pretty much anything that is emotionally impactful . to think that art has to be sweet is very naive . that would disregard ... why are conceptual things not art to you guys ? i believe 9/11 was a beautiful work of art , and there are a lot of people that do . suicide is on a much smaller scale . i also believe murder , cooperate ... i see what you did there but , anyway , if suicide is not art then no one is affected by or interprets it . you sir , are genius . thank you for sharing my feelings . hm ... i wish i could give advice . but it's nice to know not all of us are alone . gryffindor you scored 12 % slytherin , 16 % ravenclaw , 72 % gryffindor , and 32 % hufflepuff ! infps have a hard time letting go of things ... be careful . i don't support this but seriously , be careful ... when a male estp wants to get with a female infp , he may find the situation to be a bit deeper than he ever imagined ! join these two as the estp pursues satisfaction , while the infp delves in for ... lol an hero . hello / b / tard . > an hero > implying i lost an ipod > implying your opinion is all that matters > implying art isn't subjective 0/10 i don't want to sound ridiculous . i feel like i should be alone , i'm really sorry i posted this . i feel okay now . but i still believe suicide can be beautiful . i'm so sick of feeling alone . but , i've been thinking that maybe i need to die to help people . i don't know . it makes the most sense to me , i'm sure nobody will agree , but i just get this thing in my ... yeah , i consider mine pretty low . but that's in comparison with people i'm around . i suppose it's very relative . hm . i had a girlfriend in high school that ended and i don't know why . but i think ... i'd like that . can you do that on here ? are there any infp's in cowboy bebop ? that's my favorite . :) we do get along great , i just get offended when she makes assumptions and stuff . and she just gets annoyed with that . but that's all pretty insubstantial . we feel great about out relationship . getting hit and thrown around happened quite frequently . it slowed down when i got older . my dad , mom , and step dad were all like that . but my step mom was passive aggressive , and extremely ... i'm so glad there was such an emphasis on luke . i was always him when i was a kid . i'd go off on my bike ( landspeeder ) and think about all the adventures i'd have if i could just get out of the ... i have adhd . it kinda sucks . but i seem pretty normal . i just suck at living . here's a question . how would an intp female feel about dating an infp male . my girlfriend is intp and she gets very frustrated with me sometimes ... yeah , this is cool , it gives me an excuse to be an attention-whore . i would like feedback on who i am . i never get feedback . :( ha . - judge me . > but of course you don't have to . i've never been a fan of a day to remember ... but how could i forget this guy ? ? - sorry , one more . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bW9wULjz0Ng&feature=relmfu i'll just leave a few here . of course there's always more , but i don't feel like anyone cares . :P http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CAZA8Su6vpc http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UoNtIkRm1HE ... maybe this is a dumb idea ... but i want everyone to describe how there mind feels commonly and right now . for example , sometimes my mind feels very spacious and open . sometimes it slides around ; ... i've been picked out for being feminine . i don't really mind . that's exactly my problem or at least it will be when i accually have to pay for water . but i spend 2 minutes washing , and 30-45 minutes zoning out . do you guys love showering as much as i do ? i spend so much time in the shower just sitting staring at the wall ! the water is so relaxing and cozy ! oh , and i would never judge anyone . especially on a matter of substance abuse . i tried to kill myself with imipramine , and spent several weeks in the hospital , and people didn't care , so i don't ... i don't drink because it makes me nauseous , but i like weed . i tried mushrooms , but that was way too chaotic for me , if i'm going to escape to a seperate reality , it will be one that's peaceful . i ... if no one has yet , nick drake is a total infp . :) though he isn't really a celebrity i suppose ... this reminds me of silent hill 2 . :) i love every single one of you . i hate talking about it , and if it weren't for the thin layer of anonymity , i wouldn't now . i just want some input with your thoughts / experiences with it . i have attempted twice . i mean really ... i'm going to do this without any supplements , including caffeine . but , i'm going through with it . '