just curious if any other enfp or other folks ever get this way .. i recently broke up with my ex . i know my sadness is from loneliness not really .. losing him . but i find myself becoming increasingly ... it's weird . i feel most .. alive ? around people , but then i get in these moods where i'm like . i don't want to see a single person because they take so much out of me . i mean it lasts a few hours ... or am i completely killing all of that from posting this and trying to connect with someone :/ haha . but .. i am physically alone ! and that is enough for me . i've been in a sort of ' dating ' mode and have been meeting new people all throughout the week . connecting and searching for a connection with them . i know that's how we get our energy but do any of ... the helping people thing is also a big deal . the job i'm at now i've been at for 5 years and i don't feel like i have any depth there or do anything to make a difference in anyone's life and it is ... i can't find anywhere anyone's suggestion or experience as an enfp being an emt .. i'm just curious as to how i might react in the field because i'm seriously considering this job . it's exciting ... ugh ! ! this is exactly how i feel haha . everything goes great , thennn ... and i also just emotionally withdrawal after they confess their love or something . i do not know why . it's not on purpose . and ... haha . i don't think it deals with me being immature . i'm quite mature for my age . i just think i'm afraid of settling , and once i realize , wow this relationship is getting pretty serious after almost ... i am 22 .. lol . i am starting to realize and think this as well . i think as a younger teenager or whatever , i was so scared of being alone that i was afraid to realize all the possibilities and stay ... haha well this is my like 2nd 2 year straight relationship , and another was off and on for 2 years . ugh . it sucks . i feel like i'll never be stable ! i dunno if it's me or if i just haven't found the ... i feel , as time goes by .. it's harder and harder for me to stay in long term relationships . i'm always wondering , what if , and all this .. if i was with this person , or that person , or what if i was ... i really like what you are saying , i feel that you really understand where i'm at in all this . makes me feel like less of a bad person . lol .. i don't want to settle but , i hate breaking up with ... well not this weekend but last , i went out with my friends . like he told me to do . and when i came home late , he had locked me out of my apartment that i pay for . my phone was dying . it was 40 ... yeah when i talked to him about it he said he knew these things he just didn't know how to change them . but i'm more of an action oriented person . if i don't like something , i will try to change the ... this is pretty much how it is for me .. lol . i've had the same job forever and keep moving up . he's had the same job but doesn't try to go anywhere with it . but ! ! ! update ! i said something to him ... so what'd she do ? tell him to move out and grow up or what ? lol . or were they not living together ? well he's always been that way . i think i was so fascinated with him from the get go because he was so quiet and mysterious . i felt he was so deep and profound , and i love dissecting people and their ... nice quote .. haha . good show ;P i think he's just unintentionally selfish . yesterday , for example , i forgot my lunch at home and had no way to leave . i texted him and he said ' i'm sorry ' .. because ... but i don't know what to do . i know if we start this discussion it won't end well . or he will ' try to change ' but i don't want to change people . i'd rather them want to change themselves . because if ... lol i can't get him to do much . i wanna go out with my friends . we do . when i bring him along , he doesn't talk to anyone , including me . i ask him what's wrong , he says nothing . but then later on ... i've just been supporting and encouraging him from day one to try to get somewhere . he ' applies ' at places , but that's it . it only does so much . and he is so set in his ways . fine with doing the same ... i think he is too , but i do care for him , and he is nice . i mean he does have random asshole moments , like most .. people , i suppose . but overall he's just really laid back . i perceived his ... i feel like it may be my enfp personality getting bored again .. as i often do but try to avoid .. ugh . my boyfriend and i have been dating for almost 2 years now . we live together . everything was fantastic and is still not so bad ! he took the personality test and got an infp so i was like , cool ! we ... haha ! wow it's funny you said that . i heard him for the first time like .. yesterday ? ! ever heard of porcupine tree ? or king crimson ? and i like when bands can make a ton of albums that all sound so ... i can't help notice a pattern in the love of the lyrics most of these bands provide . some of them , it's just for the amazing adrenaline rush from their sound . i . e . the metal bands . my whole body goes ... i think this is the least accurate thing about me as an enfp haha . i am sooo tidy ! i clean every friday at least ! and i thoroughly enjoy it . i turn on some good music , and clean my whole apartment ... that's how i feel ! depends on the people . if i'm dragged to a party of a friend's friend or something like that , and the people get on my nerves .. i become cranky and very very introverted . i'll ... i feel like i've heard or read a lot that enfp's are the most introverted of the e's . i like to party , but i do like smaller groups . i like being able to connect with everyone there .. and that's hard ... i hate how i think too deeply about things and always wonder ' what if ' or about the different possibilities . ( i . e . the name .. ) lol . wondering about how well or how poorly things could turn out make ... welll .. as an enfp myself , i had a boyfriend who cheated on me . it was long distance , 3 hours apart . he cheated on me with a very large girl addicted to crack with a baby , who was 4 hours ...