' backpacking and hitchhiking across the usa with a good friend as long i want to ! : laughing : india , australia ( also hitchhiking ! ) , iceland , norway , scotland ( i will in a few weeks ! ) , morocco , africa ... dramatic , certainly ! but some people actually like that because it brings some liveliness : cool : there's nothing wrong with that ! overly emotional , yes , i can be , not all the time , but when i feel ... we need more music : happy : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PoPL7BExSQU i didn't , and couldn't follow the basketballs either . got 11 , plus two when i thought the ball was in white-shirted hands a second ago when i saw a black shirt carrying it : confused : i was guessing ... just noticed that the numbers don't correspond to the * ' s . now it makes sense : wink : still it's strange how i feel an introverted function can be the base of my extravertion . i notice that my ... humans are amazing , human nature is amazing ! :p roud : i like how everyones world is so different to any others when you take a closer look . or bigger , how when you travel to other countries , people ... queen of leaves , here's the results : happy : what's with helena by the way ? that poor girl . cognitive processlevel of development ( preference , skill and frequency of use ) extraverted sensing ... http://www.cognitiveprocesses.com/assessment/develop_old.html i've just done this cognitive functions survey , counted every checked box and got these results : fi 30 ne 26 fe 20 ni 13 si 11 ... i've watched that movie , jesus camp , about radical christians in the us . not saying that the church you visit is that radical , or that many churches are that radical , but it's so damn intriguing ... willy , thanks for mentioning tom hanks and the volleyball ! : laughing : that's exactly the one things that seems damn scary about the great mccandless-trick . i've cried while watching into the wild , ... no , these stereotypes don't work . we're far too crazy for that ! : wink : welcome , by the way ! the peer pressure is forcing me to tell you i'm distracted by something shiny around me : oooh look ... wow man ! : shocked : really , no offense , with the greatest respect to all of you , but we don't even think about that here anymore , those things you're against are considered medieval here man ! ... well , at least i agree with you on that viewpoint :p roud : ... and this one : happy : hmm , left wing in the usa would be considered moderately right wing here in the netherlands ... guess i'm in the middle , social liberal . you can do whatéver you want , based on your own ... this sounds so familiar ! especially the part i've copied in bold type . i tend to not see that as masks , but rather as change through inspiration , and that comes and goes . it's an enfp thing to see ... haha , very very very true : laughing : made some with motivator : create your own motivational posters ! , it's just too damn addicting ! :p roud : http://i856.photobucket.com/albums/ab122/datistochnietnormaalmeer/1232.jpg?t=1273403239 ... welcome ! we have virtual coffee here , i'm sure you'll have a relaxing stay :p roud : a little more serious : girls screwing minds ánd school stress are a bit too much for everyone , but i'm sure you'll ... that's indeed crazy , might just try it :p roud : sounds delicious coffee ! : mellow :: proud : wow , that's recognizable . i've been manipulated by the girl i had a crush on some time ago . afterwards she called me to say she felt terribly guilty about it . woah , then i realised i knéw it all the ... haha , enfp's are just too damn stubborn : happy : i can be argumentative , but not always logical . i'm more likely to use emotional arguments . yes , we're damn assertive and argumentative . fe creates ... thanks everyone , your posts have been very helpful ! i've brought it back to this . i'm open to a level that is uncommon to most people , i consider hardly anything as private . today i realised that ... i must say that i actually consider myself lucky with the friends i have ... this is probably a problem from within me . that could very well be . it's maybe that most people have another way of helping . like giving some advice then sincerely wishing you the best . my ideal is to have zero distance between people , and my ... i'm going to be careful answering , i know that what i say today could very well look total nonsense to me tomorrow : wink : it's like i feel that i could move mountains for someone , getting myself ... considered it , but i don't know enough of the enneagrams to say that : wink : you're one ... yes , actually , that's the strange part . i know them actually really well and they know me and we do care very much about each other , but still i don't feel satisfied today . alright , i'm having one serious irrational emotional mood today ... out of nowhere it seems , i felt great the last few days and don't see any clear reason why i shouldn't today . however , out of ... good evening everyone : happy : http://www.forumspile.com/Cliche-Double_post.jpg it seems we are just nutters on this forum and only become serious when some else type tells us we're just nutters and never become serious : wink : nah that's not true , i can be very serious when i ... haha , i'm very convinced you're very well able : tongue : you'll be just fine :p roud : congratulations rube ! all that effort deserves some recognition : tongue : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FbwkkXGmFrI welcome ! : happy : bad temper , manipulative and hedonistic ... ? woah , you all got very good tastes : happy : a few of my favorite bands and artists , ehm ... sigur rós , the mars volta , jamiroquai , björk , beirut , the streets , a tribe called quest , bob dylan , herbie ... it's about my brother ( 15 years : happy :) i've made him do an online test twice , he tested as an enfj both times . but i know those free test are very inaccurate , and i just can't see him as an ... that's such a beautiful song ! it seems we're just not good at being single . i agree with almost all things said ... i love to be independent , but i far more like to be independent with an independent someone else : wink : apart ... are mediocre days worse that really bad days ? maybe even yes . ... i feel mediocre today , but it ´ s just early now , let ´ s see what i can make of it :p roud : what ´ s so bad about a mediocre day ? i ... intuition is like having the conclusion made before you realize what ´ s the reasoning ... it ´ s awesome :p roud : ni is maybe more some kind of a sudden intuitive insight in something not necessarily in ... but now you think you ´ re an entj ? maybe , if you don ´ t seem to fit any type , you shouldn ´ t see mbti as some absolute truth . it works for some of us , and even as i hestitate to accept it , my type ... i consider myself a non-believer ... haha : wink : try and convince me ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Zj55gaAgM4&feature=related ... i just realised that you ´ re probably on your way already : wink : eylrid ! : happy : are you still planning to do this trip ? i ´ m slightly shocked by all these negative reactions . bet no-one of them has ever hitchhiked before ... i ´ m planning to do a hitchhiking ... welcome ! : happy : ( how ´ s sweden ! would love to go there once ! ) if you're asking people if you can talk about it with them , it seems you still don't know if they would actively help you if you didn't ask , but i guess that most people just don't think their help ... hmm , haha , just discovered that ' outing ' is something else than the dutch ' uiting ' which means ' expression ' . well , al least i just became one word better in english : happy : lilsnowy , i don't ... '