' http://www.southparkstudios.com/full-episodes/s08e08-douche-and-turd pretty much how i view every election . 99.9 % of the time it doesn't bother me one way or another . i do hate when people go out of their way to use my name in a business setting . that shit might make other people feel special , but i ... i am an istp and i am pretty sure today is a double red bull kind of day . also i am an istp and i am annoyed by people that half-ass athletic endeavors they pay to participate in . i took advantage of the free career counseling at my alma mater , which included the mbti and verifying the results with a counselor . i thought it was a load of crap at first , but soon realized what a ... i'll leave it to dr . house to explain that one : wink : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CZR2k5c_198 i do what's comfortable ... which can look a little goofy at times . i try to maintain decent posture when i'm sitting at my work / home desk , but i inevitably wind up slouching with a leg hanging over ... i am an istp and i'm pretty sure i've done about 30 minutes of work in the 5 hours i've been at the office . fixed that for ya . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pjHPNPcgn64 i can't remember the last time i shed a tear . it's not like i'm constantly fighting back the waterworks either . i'm not trying to be a badass or anything ... i just don't cry . cats 10char i work at a little insurance agency with my biochemistry degree . go figure . fixing and maintaining computers / phones , fixing anything else that breaks , csr junk , all the grunt work nobody else wants ... * deleted * meh . step 1 - stay up really late , convincing yourself that you'll be fine the next day . step 2 - wake up the next day hating yourself for staying up . ( promise yourself that you won't do it again ) . ... have facebook , don't use it , delete / reactivate every so often , the few friends i still have are 99 % family and 1 % really close friends . do you really think i give a flying fuck about your manic ... i'm extremely territorial . don't touch my stuff without asking . if you're patient , i'll probably offer it to you out of the goodness my heart . stay out of my personal space or you will receive my ... i love running . i solve world hunger during long runs ( unfortunately , the ' stop ' button on my watch always makes me forget the solution ) . i get a lot of thinking and analysis done while running . ... peanut butter and pickle sandwiches . ' nuff said . just randomly found some pictures from a few years back and it reminded me of this one .  ... you perfect things like packing the dishwasher or the back of the car before a long trip . seriously , i ... hey man , there's nothing wrong with a good fro . don't be hatin ' . i'm pure istp and an exercise nut . it's my drug and required for my career goals . i work out 6-7 days a week , for at least 2-3 hours , usually 4-5+ hours on sat / sun . i take a day off or do some active ... these are both great . i've always hated that stupid saying . niki i am constantly looking for ways to improve anything and everything . i'm actually quite good at finding enjoyment in the little ... xreborn 7 i adopted the same mentality about fear a number of years ago . i face them , and become a better / stronger person for having done so . for example : when i was little , i used to be ' afraid ' ... i have my b . s . in biochemistry . i didn't think this was very well done at all . 12 questions isn't enough to make as many leaps as this summary did . i found that about half of ' my ' description ( melancholy ) was nothing like me . plus , ... i love driving , especially in the winter when the roads are covered with ice and snow . driving is just plain fun . i always insist on driving when i go out with friends too , even if they don't chip in ... this might just be me ... but i've lived in the same place for 24 years and i can tell you the numbers on every single mailbox within a mile of my house and what cars are usually in their ... xreborn 7 - your examples are exactly the kinds of things i say and people think they're the funniest things ever . i really don't have to try to make people laugh , it just happens . people are way too ... this is pretty much how i feel about . it isn't a black & white issue , there are shades of gray . i generally don't hesitate to speak the truth , in fact i always make an effort to , but there are many ... i really hate putting a label on my beliefs , or lack thereof , but the best i've been able to come up with is ' apathetic agnostic . ' we'll never know one way or the other , so why waste our time ? i know ... it's one of those things , that no matter how much i hate it , i still find myself doing from time to time . : crazy : i can't seem to put a finger on why it bugs me either ... my purpose is to leave planet earth a better place for my having lived here . not in some trivial way such as providing cell phones to all of africa , but by feeding the hungry , clothing the naked , ... * highfive * i just don't get it . people always tell me they do it to ' meet people . ' if you want to meet a bunch of douchebags who measure success by how many one night stands they've had , then you're ... i'm a huge adrenaline junkie . i do stereotypical adrenaline junkie stuff as often as possible , but it does get expensive . the best thrills are the ones i create in ordinary , everyday situations . i'm ... i live here * holds up hand and points * yay for michiganders . i always have a huge urge to punch anyone who actually uses their hand to show me where they live in mi . 24 here . it's not a ... i can't say i agree with any of the previous posters . i absolutely love kids and they love me . not in a creepy , pedophile kind of way ... i'm just really good with kids and i'm excited for the day that ... i take short showers at home ... but i also go to the gym 7 days a week . i don't have to pay the water bill there . i take at least a 30 minute shower at the gym . after 15 minutes in the steam room ... i think the better question to ask would be , what's not in your mind as you shower . the answer would be far shorter . i get some of my best thinking done in there . that's exactly why i just tell people to give me cash and gift cards . or i tell them exactly what i want . i tell them i appreciate the thought of making the effort to buy me something ... but i'd ... same here ... i use them too much . they're always really complicated too , so people look at me like i have serious mental issues . they make perfect sense to me , you're just stupid ! awesome . hmm ... i wonder if the pilot was ok ... i'm not talking about keeping a daily journal . i wouldn't be able to live with myself knowing that i had done something that stupid and pointless . plus , anyone could pick it up and read my deepest ... i actually cleaned last weekend , so it's not as bad as it usually is . i keep the common areas of my dwelling immaculate though . oh , believe me . there are no full sentences to speak of and certainly no order to what i write down . you hit the nail on the head though . i don't , ' journal about my feelings , ' but sometimes there's ... when my projects go wrong , i always say , heh , i'll figure it out later , then shove it on a shelf and forget about it for a couple of years . i'll have to post a picture of the custom guitar case i ... i pretty much deal with everything internally . i've never been one to journal about my feelings and stuff or put it down on paper . occasionally i like to bounce ideas off of people i trust , but i ... i can be very manipulative when i want to be . as a general rule , i don't like to use people to achieve personal gain . as much as i hate the plague that is mankind , i simply can't bring myself to ... i really agree with this . i'm in a somewhat similar position to the op . i have a degree in biochemistry . i don't want to do any of the jobs i can get with my degree , and i can't stand the job i'm in ... this , sooo much . especially the bold part . the second i stop enjoying the journey , the destination becomes insignificant . obviously , the real world sometimes requires that i persevere to the ... if i had it my way , i would never sleep . there just aren't enough hours in the day to do everything i want to . i'm a night person , and a morning person . unfortunately those don't go together very ... '