' i usually try to keep these kinds of thoughts to myself . i'm glad i'm not alone in thinking of random nonsense though ! : happy : the contemplative--not an easy life ! no , i wasn't either . but , most people who were lucky enough to get to know me told me i was a very cool person ... while this is very different from being one of the cool kids , it's more of a ... i teach english as a foreign language which is a bit different from english for native speakers , but i quite like teaching older children and young adults more than elementary age students . i can't ... so , i wasn't always the most pleasant child either . maybe not to this extreme , but i had my moments . i remember telling my sister once that i hated her . my mom is also very sensitive like your wife , ... i love animals , but i have mixed feelings toward children . i never wanted children growing up maybe because i was forced into a caretaker role at an early age . my much younger sister was my ... distracteddaydreamer , you sound exactly like me ; it was as if i were reading something i would have written or said myself ! it's super difficult to talk about how an individual function feels and how i experience it because all of the functions are inter-related . my fi is heavily influenced by se and even ni . however , ... i don't think communicating through body language is typical of any one type . something like 80 % of communication between people of all types is non-verbal . and , it sounds like your husband may be ... procrastination is one of my worst habits , probably my # 1 worst . i really wish i could change that about myself . thanks for posting the link . it looks like there are some good articles . it may be a p ... yeah , introversion-extroversion was the issue . that's why you can't really rely solely on the test . you have to maybe look at descriptions of similar types and also at the cognitive functions . there ... thanks for the response . yeah---feral , ferro---it's almost the same ! europe is a good place for fans of trains and railways , i'd say . my esfp result in college wasn't too far off because ... wow , why didn't i think of it ! i was doing housework and it hit me ! you don't specialize in wild horses , but iron horses ! e . g . trains ! now , i'm proud ! :p roud : but please , correct me if i'm wrong ! i'm curious about your user name ... i'm not going to attempt to find a definition for it even if one actually exists . i'm simply going to take a wild guess at the meaning and hope you'll enlighten me ... yeah , it took me a long time to figure out my type too . in college , i took the official test and it came out esfp . however , the e and i were almost balanced . the description seemed a little off to me ... that's simply hilarious . he could be an isfp ... i remember in high school i wrote a particularly awesome metaphorical poem . my teacher wanted me to read it aloud in class . a couple of my ... i think it's a ridiculous assumption too . i simply think that se users see art from a different perspective . maybe others are looking too deeply and grasping for meaning which was never even ... i'm also not extremely verbally articulate and have always been a better writer . i have a large vocabulary , but i don't tend to use it in speech much . fancy words feel strange in my mouth . welcome ! i'm also an american expat living in central europe ... and a fellow isfp . we already have so much in common ! horror and comedy , especially when they're effectively combined . i prefer books , but i also like good tv series . isfps are probably the most misunderstood type of all because it is so hard to get to know us well . you might think you know us , but we're full of surprises . in general , we don't like conflict , but ... gut feelings are about intuition and instinct and i'm not saying i'm 100 % correct , but i'd say that fi causes gut feelings but not necessarily accurate and reliable ones . people with dom ni are ... i used to feel uncomfortably different ( but i don't think i actually was ) , i wouldn't call it unique ... now i just don't give a sh * t what people think about me for the most part . i just try to be the ... i used to get that question more when i was younger . it only annoyed me a little , and it didn't make me talk more . if there is a particular person you want to get to know more or clarify that you ... maybe , when she makes these comments , it's because she doesn't agree with you , but she doesn't want to be confrontational or spend an excessive amount of energy to explain her point of view . i ... i love animals and believe people should be responsible for animals as well as other aspects of nature . as far as pets go , i've always had pets . growing up , we had a lot . now i have 2 dogs . i love ... i really don't think isfps seek confrontation , but our sensitivity can make us lash out defensively . this can make us look aggressive , i believe . i have a habit of reacting before thinking when i ... i really don't think he was being rude , he seemed to be amused by your indecision . it took a while for me to accept my type too . that example he gave of the ifp giving a presentation was an excellent ... cjay , if you have access to welding equipment , maybe you could create works of art using your welding skills ... like sculptures or even more practical things like iron gates . do you have anyone whose ... it's funny ... i recently found an old report card from 2nd grade . i was about 7 years old . i had excellent marks in everything except math ( particularly money ) and completing work in a timely ... the only thing i hate about myself is my horrible habit of procrastinating ! ! ! ... oh , and i wish my boobs were smaller . : happy : you should check out jung's cognitive functions ... i like it much more the way it describes your cognitive functions and preferences . it doesn't seem as restrictive as the mbti version , though they ... thanks for that ! i really like this system with the order of cognitive functions . sometimes i forget to focus on it because i'm a bit new to it and i have to really think about the order of a ... i'm isfp , and when i take tests , the results are often close between isfp and infp ... my fi is very well-developed , so infps are my closest relatives . i actually thought maybe i was an infp for a ... i used to be like that , as a teenager . i did actually hurt people back a few times , but later , i realized that i was hurting myself even more when i was vengeful like that . my life had become ... i've suffered from relatively mild depression 3 different times . the first time , i was a teenager and it was brought on by relationship problems ... at home , with my boyfriend , and with a couple of ... i appreciate this post , being in high demand makes anyone feel good . however , we do have our darker side ... push our buttons too much and you'll discover it . i've disappointed many people ( friends ... when i look at the photos of isfps , i notice most of us have roundish faces or features ... soft lines , that aren't very angular . people with angular faces photograph very well , and are striking in ... yeah , i'm not sure it's a p thing either . maybe it's more of an f thing ... i'm not a bad driver , but many people are better than me . i guess i'm more of an average to good driver . if i have a choice , ... i tend to think visually , so i have to first picture my thoughts ( i see pictures in my mind ) . after that i have to do the best i can to put these images into logical and orderly verbal language ... are you talking about when you want to break it off with someone , and they basically start following you everywhere ... almost like a stalker ? i'm not sure if it's true , but your observation made me laugh . i'm not very photogenic because i usually have some sort of odd expression . however , i only look high sometimes ... thanks for clarifying what you were saying and for taking the time to write such a good post . wow , i've just read most of the isfp nurse vs estj boss thread ... she really does sound like a ... i don't want to sound difficult because you've given isfps wonderful compliments , but wouldn't isfps be naturally very insightful ? we use fi with se ... fi makes us able to understand ourselves and ... good luck with your paper , and please let us know how it turns out ! venting is healthy ; if you can't vent here ( or in your other written work ) , where can you vent ? yes , i understand . everyone needs inspiration sometimes . sometimes if there is an intense situation that i happen upon , i can actually physically feel a sort of energy wave coming from them . it's quite repelling . maybe this feeling is coming from inside ... i can't say she didn't have this problem , but she states in the 3rd paragraph that she's frustrated about isfps being stereotyped as not very smart and thoughtful . that's probably her main issue . i ... it appears that you've misunderstood the op ... she doesn't need any writing advice ; she doesn't have writer's block . your advice is good though ... : wink : i didn't realize there was a stereotype about our ( lack of ) intelligence . or maybe i've just chosen to ignore it because i know it's a load of crap . '