' traditional romantic love is overrated . radiohead - you the smiths - what difference does it make david bowie - heroes radiohead - i might be wrong pixies - hey joy division - love will tear ... i hardly ever read news , let alone celebrity news . i strongly relate to this . even when i take the decision to lie , sometimes i end up being honest anyway . i like the beach . lying goes against my moral principles , but if i have to , i'll do it . i'll even get angry if the person i'm lying to doesn't believe me . most of the descriptions don't fit me well by themselves , but they do when they are put together . i'm an intj 845/854 . mbti explains my career choice , my thought process , my study habits , and my ... in some introverts , confidence is negatively correlated with intelligence . not really , but i don't let it get to me . i learned to expect the worst from people . i would dodge the question only if it was being asked by a friend i care about . however , if he / she insists , i'd tell the truth trying to use the right words . to anyone else , i'd tell the truth ... additionally , take a cognitive function test . i like this one : keys 2 cognition - cognitive processes , but there are many others . intuition is the only consistency i have seen in all the tests i've ever taken . i've tested as intp ( most of the time ) , entj , and even as an infj , but never xsxx . what two people do in their bedroom is none of anyone else's business , so it's not morally wrong . still , i appreciate the fact that it isn't socially acceptable , because i wouldn't exactly be ... the only 2 things that really piss me off are people interrupting me when i'm talking , and people yelling at me . these 2 automatically make me aggressive . i'm one of the few females in my career field , and one of the even fewer who aren't ugly ... it's my only hook . if i was a guy , no one would ever get to know me , because i don't make any effort to ... i love all the posts in this thread . rated 5/5 . this . also , when your smelly dogs approach me and drool all over my clean clothes while barking annoyingly ... it's not cute at all . i don't care they're glad to see me . male : tony montana female : cersei lannister not at all . i'm very sexual , even my boyfriend calls me a perv sometimes . i have a long list of all the unusual places i've had sex , and i update it constantly . enneagram 8 , sx / sp this thread has more to do with enneagram than with mbti . i imagine an intj 4 or 2 would react completely different compared to an intj 5 or 1 . i'm a misomisanthrope , i hate misanthropes . whiplash . one of the best new movies i've seen in the last 5 years . i'm attracted to ni , se , fi and ti . in that order . it's not unprofessional to ask for what you deserve , and it's definitely not unprofessional to demand them ( politely ) to respect the conditions you previously agreed on with the new manager . if they ... babblingbrook infp ? 1 . dr . house https://38.media.tumblr.com/81c7b6c32805d239b9bedf37f75b9ebb/tumblr_n4kp4eY1FJ1tq4of6o1_500.gif 2 . tony montana ( scarface ) ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EbEwRsvhD1E never imagined a future-knowing wizard would get so angry over people typing themselves on the internet . finance . never thought about the relation between my career and my mbti profile , but i guess i can think of some things . for example , since finance is not a science , you rely heavily on intuition , ... as other people said , it's not worth it . however , if you want to give it a try in spite of the facts ( which i wouldn't recommend ) , be the best girlfriend in the world for a while ( another month ) , ... i'm not a typical intj when it comes to risks , maybe it has to do more with being an 8w7 . i do take risks frequently , but all my risks are calculated , never spontaneous . i think it through , and if i ... i took the masculine vs . feminine brain test - got masculine , but in the visual-spatial intelligence test , i got an average score . i think i forgot to mention that i drive stick , and i've been ... sometimes i wonder if my bad driving has to do with my cognitive functions . it's not like i'm the worst driver in the world , but it just doesn't come naturally . my estp / esfp boyfriend is a good ... you almost inspired me to make a fake account so i could troll people . 10/10 , would laugh again . here's a good piece of advice : don't ever , ever , interrupt an intj when they are talking . if someone i'm not sexually interested in ( like my friends or family ) acts physically affectionate with me , i get really uncomfortable and awkward , but i don't have this problem with my boyfriend , or ... your total : 23 authority : 2.00 self-sufficiency : 2.00 superiority : 4.00 exhibitionism : 3.00 exploitativeness : 3.00 vanity : 3.00 entitlement : 6.00 x93i love mankind , he said , but i find to my amazement that the more i love mankind as a whole , the less i love man in particular . x94 ― fyodor dostoyevsky how would an estp or an esfp compare to an intj using this same logic ? you gave me some insight about my communication problems with my boyfriend , but i'm not sure i can be objective about my own ... 32 hours . wasn't even doing anything productive or fun , just didn't feel like sleeping . http://i.imgur.com/VdqwCju.jpg 1 ) only when the help seems to be almost effortless , or if i expect to get something back . 2 ) i try . 3 ) - 7 ) no . i don't identify with any point , guess it's time to work on my empathy . 5 ( fear ) + 7 ( avoidance ) = 12 probably would've scored higher if taken when i was in high school . yes , but only doritos . i also only eat yogurts with fruit pieces or cereals . what other food habits do you have ? really specific . if i want a carls jr . western bacon thickburger , i want that one , not just any similar hamburger . my boyfriend used to think i'm inflexible on purpose ( for attention , or something ) ... i'm open-minded about food , have eaten live bugs ( jumiles in mexico ) , fried grasshoppers , ant eggs , brain , cow tongue , crude fish and meat , and other things i can't remember . i'm also very ... i don't know anymore who in this thread is trolling , and who is unaware of how stupid they sound . i dislike : 1 ) dogs 2 ) feminine men 4 ) hipsters 5 ) feminazis 6 ) moralists small ( 5 ' 4 ) , and really skinny . i save money buying kids clothing ( size l or xl ) . happy with my body unless it's pms time . i don't feel hated , i feel misunderstood . for example : people think i'm arrogant , i think i have the right to state my informed opinion if it isn't an ad hominem . even if my arguments are wrong , ... only if i'm too drunk to remember it the next day . my dancing is awkward . i could never understand how is it possible for someone to work / study and listen to music . unless i'm doing something unrelated to math ( and that's an uncommon situation ) , i end up losing my ... '