from whatever i read in these threads , a mystic cross is not what is being discussed . i am an intj and have a mystic cross on both of my hands . it is a very clear sign and must not be ... yes it is correct that we usually judge people in less than 10 seconds when we see them . but from my experience , once the same person starts talking or acting / behaving in such a way which is not ... lol i see more irrelevant posts than anything . guys if you don't believe in it , it is okay . but don't spam or troll the thread . this is not going to help anybody . non believers will not get converted ... that is interesting since i have gemini ascendant and i know a couple of extroverted nfs who do have a sagittarius ascendants . but i have met many ntjs with scorpio , aquarius and pieces as ascendants ... anybody who studies / uses astrology is welcome to contribute . the last thing i want to do is to debate whether astrology is real or unreal and all that because that is not the purpose of this thread . * * content deleted * * i wanted to delete the thread , but could not find an option . nobody seems to have any idea about what it is or was of much help , so i deleted the content . btw i didn't ask what type your ex is . also i didn't understand the last paragraph . are you dating somebody else ? yeah enfjs are not known to date somebody for short flings so this is unusual . but i ... i deeply appreciate and value your advice and don't worry , i am not taking it to heart without considering my ex's persona in general . i did meet him and we spent the weekend together doing some ... the moment i read your reply , it brought me tears . thanks a lot , you have no idea how it has helped me . i read your reply like 3-4 times and every time i read it , it brings my tears uncontrollably . i ... i need some help on understanding a situation . my enfj boyfriend and me had this brief relationship of four months where the last three months were spent on fights and misunderstandings . we cleared ... omg you just nailed it . the enfp friend just does all this so much that sometimes i feel whether she is an esfp or not . the test results might not be accurate so i would recommend that you use your intuition to identify if he really is an esfp . other than that , mbti analysis of a person has hugely helped me because it ... valid , but then again i am not doing any of these . :( they have very highly developed sensor side to them but they are intuitive because they understand whatever abstract stuff i talk about and ... they would always argue saying that the people skills they have can be used in social settings can help us in real life irrespective of what i value . and what i value is not valuable in making my ... recently i had made friends with some enfp and enfj friends who find my ' zoned out ' state to be pretty intriguing . most of the time i am lost in thoughts , sometimes fruitful and sometimes random . and ... 1 . when someone is trying to pronounce some difficult word and stammers or gets tongue twisted :D it is instantly adorable . 2 . when somebody innocently and truthfully says something embarrassing ... from my experience , the intjs i know always dislike me at first . : sad : but since i have become conversant at using mbti on people even without making them take any test , i instantly know their types ... what do you exactly do or how do you respond ? may be you are too nice with them and hence they misunderstand it as an interest . thanks for being of some help about the approach . the problem is when something is bothering me , i lose my ability to be diplomatic and become confrontational . and he has admitted that he is scared ... if i am honest with this , i will lose his honesty . the question is : which one is more important . why is he sharing his ' such ' kind of attractions with me ? i remember telling him once that it is better if he doesn't shows me those as i get jealous . he is persisting after that . i am too ... seeking relationship advice from infj males - its been three months that i am dating my infj and he seems to really like me / my company . the only thing is , i don't know what he is feeling or looking ... i don't know if these falls in the category of coolest / oddest / strangest , but some interesting and random things - secret societies - ... first love - esfp . i realized that until now , it has always been guys trying to hook up with me and all my relations were started like that ( without me first liking or wanting to be with that guy ) ... you know you are an entp when - 1 . for the first time in your life somebody tells you that you are loving , caring , cute and a nice person . : shocked : and that person happens to be an infj who ... : shocked : i can't believed how this thread got severely derailed : blushed : only one or two people answered my questions . no more insights ? or are we really that expressionless ? what i hate about being entp - our screwed up sense of priority . we engage in what is interesting at the moment instead of what is important even when we know the deadline and the consequences . i wish i could post some pictures of the nts that i came across recently . it is interesting what their faces have to say . so far , from what i have noticed , this is how most of them appear - entjs - ... that's a beautiful picture and what it represents is even more beautiful . i guess that's the story of most introverts :P from my experience - you know your are an infj when you come out of your shell and crush your loved ones with breathless bear hugs . : happy : ^ lol so you guys don't like it too easy ? also what power game ? please explain . i have dated an estp before and am dating one now . what i have seen is that as soon as they know that i am interested , they start playing games of looking busy / unavailable . its not that they are ... my only complaint is that it is always me who approaches an introvert . it feels bad that the introverts don't find me interesting enough to approach . i don't like bothering somebody when they are ... ^ yes , i give up looking for infx . since it is not easy to understand somebody's mood , it is too difficult to understand or approach you guys . but there must be a way to approach them ? i don't want to scare them or anything . usually even i am not very receptive to strangers . why don't you answer the questions you raised to make my life ... to hang out with the women and date the men of course ! ! but in real life ? how can you be approached for dating in general if somebody finds / spots you ? nfs are usually difficult to find or identify because either you guys are not very open to strangers or you are hiding ... the question is open for both genders . i have asked the same question in the nf forum also in a different topic . 1 . have you ever used a dating site ? if yes , for how long or how seriously did you ... i am not sure what general interests nfs usually have , so i wanted to know where they can be found the most ( places , points of interests , occupations ) ? i know that people are scattered across all ... yeah i did take the test , but it changed every time i took . sometimes its 8 , sometimes 7 and sometimes 6 . so i didn't bother to consider it seriously . well i appreciate your efforts to prove my ... no idea . i am not into enneagram , etc . second that ! ! ! yes there are many nts and nfs also i have met who are either assholes or dumbasses respectively . nts , if rubbed the wrong way , either tend to behave like assholes or simply ignore you completely ( to ... yes that is true for ' fe's . even i was surprised to find that out . they seem to be an exception as fi users i guess ( because there is nothing else i can think of that explains it ) . they are too afraid of not being liked . this is a single most factor that drives them from what i have seen . they want to be perceived as ' good ' , ' likeable ' , etc by everybody . they cannot accept the ... op - there is no rationale behind their behavior . from my experience , they thoroughly believe that they are good , sweetest and honest thing ever to live on earth . they fail to see their lies , ... can you elaborate this part please ? i can use it in my real life . :) i have dated ' s'es and ' n's and i am discontent with both in general . i guess the problem lies with my expectations being too high . and yes , ' s ' are good to have fun with and everything . but ... i live in a different country , so our salary standards are not as same as in yours . that's why quoting my salary will not give you any direction . in usa , what i have heard is that for freshers it ...