' thank you so much ! :) dear entp boyfriend , i cannot handle the jokes about things that are serious to me anymore . i wish you empathized with me the way i do with you . i know it's not your fault , though . sincerely , an ... i sniff gum wrappers before i put the gum in my mouth . it's such a habit that i'm absolutely unaware of it ( but i do it with every single piece of gum i chew - and i chew gum all day ) . caress her skin ; try to be gentle , because it is made of wet paper . veins of glass sit right beneath the surface , but please believe that it's possible to touch her without drawing blood . ... all decisions are made with regard to my feelings about the situation . my whole reality revolves around maintaining my inner peace at all times . if something that i believe can be disproved , then i ... sometimes , when i'm extremely upset and cannot articulate to someone how i feel , i'll tell them that i threw up because of the emotions even if i didn't . i wish i had a suggestion . i feel your pain :/ i completely empathize with all of this ^ ^ ^ and i think it's most likely a combination of the two ahh , gotcha . thanks for clarifying . i think that anyone who takes the onion seriously should probably avoid the internet altogether . hahahaha so , what is it exactly that bothers you ? do you see people posting frequently on social media in response to satirical articles that they took seriously ? i don't think there is anything wrong with ... i always end up dating entps . i'm currently with one , and sometimes i feel as though we're on completely different wavelengths . when we went to the beach over the summer , for example , i wanted to ... the music for saw ... hahaha i despise struggling in front of people . hahahahaha very true . i have diagnosed borderline personality disorder . if you are wondering whether or not you have it , my instinct is that you most likely do not . i write everything from short stories to poetry to ( attempts at ) novels , although i have yet to actually finish a novel because my perfectionism prevents me from being satisfied with anything , and ... i've heard great things about all of those . do you write at all , yourself ? i'm a writer . :) i've read gerald's game , it , cell , the dead zone , the shining and the girl who loved tom gordon . i have yet to read the stand , but it's sitting in my room along with christine , waiting to be opened ... i'd personally like to advocate stephen king's work . most people who have read his novels feel strongly about them , whether they enjoy them or not . it took me to another world . i love everything i ... i try to make it a positive thing and use it to my advantage . i accept the negative aspects of perfectionism and embrace the positive ones . every type cries due to powerful or built up emotion , but i think what it takes to get someone to that point varies based on the individual . an intj friend of mine remembered my taste in music and that i'm a vegetarian , but he struggled with my name for a while . it's interesting that other intjs seem to have been in similar situations . that's true . it's hard to pinpoint where specifically i get my inspiration from . besides personal experience , i draw a lot of inspiration from my dreams , because sometimes i have vivid nightmares ... i'm an infp and my avatar is of myself , i'm not sure how my physical appearance compares to those of other infps . i'm personally not terrible at math , although i do definitely have a preference for english . that could be because i'm a poet , but i definitely think that while intjs are more prone to talent in ... the man who sold the world by nirvana i confess that my mind often gets lost in trains of thought that take me to unrealistic places and worlds that reality could never compare to . '