sex especially the kind people , need more from that . there are enough intelligent people who sickens me and are still dumb in other ways . ignorant comes to mind . self-centered , too . i do have ... i wish more people could see through each other their bs , because i can't fake bs well , nor do i want to , while i don't appreciate fakeness . one minute pretending to like me and all be nice , just to ... i myself actually often wonder whether or not to mail a thank you after receiving the answers already . i tend to do so , i usually do , but i have no idea what most people do . i have just ... there is a chatbox ? i mean , people actually use it ? no , goddess of love cannot be a t-type . i'm sorry . blood i am phobic , and i cannot imagine that to ever change . honestly ? littledreamer would be my mafia twin , werewolf twin , or my baby werewolf . she can do what i can do , and actually make it work much better than i do myself . you are an nf based on this , that conclusion may be safe to draw . an introverted nf , likely too . the hard question is if you'd be infj or infp , while on this test one tends to score high ( and low ) on ... anger can you feel it , too ? yes , i do too ... not sure i should be happy about it , though . welcome , by the way . :) fits the infj though . actually , one of the many reasons i decided on infj for her . this one almost is instant proof for it . it's j-ish , yet can be indecisive with things . also quotes like : ' ' i ... from aad 38 to rupsje nooitgenoeg if you may . yes . e4 man right here . feminine as one can be , despite my heterosexuality . basicly , my brain is more female than the average female brain ( when using this term ) . i am proof . has to be . ... i think alan shore from boston legal is infp . he has his values he takes great importance to , and is very passionate about it , which improves his legal skills in a very persuavive way when giving ... i will tell you once i'm dead . i already voted for no and barbabic , for the record . actually , i am quite surprised to read how expensive death penalty is / more expensive than prison for ... i would say that sounds exactly like an infj brain . do you see how your dominant n is so internally focused ? infj can have this sleeping problem because of their dom ni . your se is inferior ... which one is the one you want to hug people , and are very sweet and nice to people ? and talkative too . and perhaps a bit annyoing . playful . let's say playful . just a bit . * love love love * ... what does outlook mean ? i wish . i easily fall into energy and spirit less , like i do now ... it's so hard for me to motivate myself all by myself . the moment you will realize your strongly believe you are ne dom is just you confusing your strong dominant ni with ne , then this all , all of this will make so much sense to you . you suggest ... i do so quite some days already . just remain sitting with it ? i do , i do tend to get out of it by knowing what to change , but , ugh . i am just not satisfied with things . and i do little to ... and there is no way for her being mistaken ? i see so much ni , so little ne , in her story . and you ? it's not that far fetched to mix up the functions . i've been there , many people been there ...  ... it's quite personal . to type everything out publicly , i don't feel comfy . that's a feeling infj tend to create . esfj ? she gets lost in the crowd , and everything she wrote in her idealistic infp story : extraversion is off the record . the whole idealistic sensitive side ... what about leading with ni ? why is infj off the record ? you say you don't see ni-se in you , but you are more focusses on the past than on new experiences , is one for ni . and your whole idealistic ... my study / education / work , it's going well , especially knowing where i came from . and overall , things are just improving , but obviously there's still a lot to improve . anywho , perhaps it's ... i am not sure any of them necessarility have to be the definition of extraversion . let me see : general attraction to world i lack this ( infp ) , especially compared to some extraverts ... this is so much like me , it's uncanny . good luck , my dear . find something to relax yourself , and later you can . or write down the steps you wanna take , first , or talk with someone about it , may ... https://movement-prod.imgix.net/uploads/51/2cdac0b5c341678de75d00cf89fac4/upload.JPG?blur=500&bri=-35&fit=scale&h=420&mark64=aHR0cHM6Ly9tb3ZlbWVudC1wcm9kLmltZ2l4Lm5ldC91cGxvYWRzLzUxLzJjZGFjMGI1YzM0MTY ... i am introvert , with so as dominant instinct , though i tend to feel like an ambivert . so many things ... right now i feel sad and i am not even sure why ! / what makes me most sad of all . lol then it's a simply yes . :) lol , only 1 vote for yes ? i don't believe it . where did the smokers go ? i wish this was real life resemblance . when you listen to your own ego . it will justify whatever you wanna justify for your own selfish benefits . maybe my introversion is quite clearly there ... jouw persoonlijkheidstype is : x93bemiddelaarx94 ... almost over dot is it just me , or are often many people their avatars not showing ? you don't do them all ? that's too bad . how do you eat your soup then ? pretty exhausted . re-charging ... and very hungry , but too tired too cook . what do you mean ? my peenis stays small when im drunkish , is this 2 truths or 1 lie ? that person sukcs cuz you deserve better and will get that , < <3 33 trust and believe in that , it will happen , be strong , you are better thsn the liar person about me < / ? i likw your nammeee b twww yesss cuz i sm drunk i nishhhi in f p got ne you too , yu now whrn fi allows it , or aclohol why try e n f p my dear ? why do i type everyone as intp for their remaksrs ? edit : spirty red , look like intp , with his remakr