' what sort of stuff were they doing to try and make you fit ? btw , we are similar with respect to the answers to those 8 vs 7 differences :) except that i don't have a problem with staying grounded ... 1 ) sevens are primarily interested in variety – they want to sample as many different experiences as possible and become practical in as much as their practicality gives them the means to pursue the ... i'm curious about what you think about this part ... ? if my interests are at stake , then i am intensely focused . generally though , when they aren ’ t ? the former . mental versus physical energy : i ... that's not aimed towards you . i meant there are people that like the stereotype of a certain type and they are content with the result without having to analyze . and they can easily play along the ... oh . yeah i don't tell myself ok let me try and dominate lol . same . i just end up doing it , and then it gets pointed out to me afterwards . i am more aware of myself doing it now because it's been ... most of her answers revolve around being in-control and dominating , plus her answer to my stress scenarios also pointed to 8 . but it ’ s just the tip of the iceberg for me . some thing ’ s not quite ... what is your fear about that like ? just curious . how do you mean se is more correct as opposed to ne in your case ? i ' fear ' that i haven ’ t collected enough information , accumulated enough ... user name tritype instinctual subtype desouza 1w2 , 7w8 , 2w3 sx / sp yep , i got caught , and same : frustrating : . occupational hazard . noted , about the enneagram . i'm apparently wing 7 , so that may account for that , but yeah , i'll keep an open mind . * edit * i'll add my breakdown : type 8 - 14 type 7 - 11 type 3 - 8.7 type 9 - 3 ... socionics ? well maybe that's why i relate to the se one here pretty well ( i'm se-dom in socionics too ) . though i would say a few points don't apply to me . but overall it makes sense , i'd just refine ... yes . i'd sit and burn through a whole box of matches , just watching the flames . i was a somewhat clumsy child , so it's a minor miracle i didn't set the house on fire . i would also fool around in the ... i do think entp is the one that fits , yeah . still , i am definitely keeping an open mind . thanks for the input , although we differ in conclusion you've definitely provided me with insight and given me ... ( half ) serb , entp , fellow newbie here . hey ! : cool : well , i'm aware of the subjectivity of perception , that my sense of something is just that : mine . i won't therefore take something immediately at face value , i'll consider different ... nah , i'm not generally paranoid , that only occurs when it's a particularly stressful situation . however , the distrusting the senses thing * is * spot on , my natural inclination is to assume there is ... fair enough on the cognitive function tests . i've heard negative stereotypes about a few of the types , wasn't aware there was specifically an anti-sensor sentiment , and i can't say i understand ... i tried to build myself wings . i saw no reason why i couldn't fly if i built myself a pair of wings ( sticks tied together with twine and hairbands , and ripped out pages of notebooks - i was 5 ) i ... the sixteen personality types - high-level - well this site was helpful . the description of entp there described me entirely . also i've looked at these : entp personality types psychological ... well , when i read all the literature on entp and estp , i'm finding entp is the one that fits me best . i see a lot of estp in myself , but entp is the one where i'm going ' yes , that's me exactly ' . then ... i'll be a total whore and throw my pictures up everywhere . 4759747599 47600 it's ne again there , and again slightly . if i had to choose between being mentally stagnant and physically stagnant , i would reluctantly choose to be physically stagnant . i get far more frustrated ... yep . it's dreadfully annoying to see . x_x i know many se-users who are brilliant and intellectual . :) yep ! one of my best friends was estp and he was possibly the most intellectually brilliant ... thanks ! again , ne is spot on there for me , more so than se . i think ne is more okay with it depends answers . afaik ... yeah , i donx 92t actually have a problem with it depending at all , ix92ll take things as they come and if ix92m not consistent ? well then , ix92m ... i remember my entp friend who i used to chat with online and how we talked hours about a topic , and we defended our opinion , then ended up at a different topic , then at a different topic again . nice ... < snipping for space > , you seem to be a really good example of se + ti . take that as a compliment . most descriptions of ne make ne seem like the more imaginative , creative , and intellectual ... well what you said about the human condition was pretty idealist . but then maybe we use different definitions for this word . possibly . i tend to , erroneously , equate idealism solely with utopian ... lol , i'm going to say this is a fine example of a truth said in jest . i've got a lot of acquaintances but those relationships are very superficial and i could walk away from them without a second thought . i have a revolving door of acquaintances , actually , i'm always ... that's me . i do that in the vast majority of debates i'm involved in . i don't really have set opinion on many things at all , so usually i just debate as an exercise ( or to stir ) , not because i have a ... that questionnaire doesn't give questions about an in-depth analysis of cognitive functions . by the way , , you yourself can only type yourself correctly , but it would depend how much you'd like to ... hmm , if i do that , i'll feel compulsion to not lose any idea / stream and i really don't feel comfortable with it for long . this is supposedly introverted form of intuition because it aspires to go ... i couldn't post the picture unfortunately , my post count wasn't high enough , and i've since lost it :/ yes , what i trying to describe the picture to highlight what i assumed the photographer wanted ... the guy i'm with ( infp ) said the other day that he would never have approached me first , due to feeling intimidated . i have a couple of female acquaintances , but no close female friends . i get on ... not sure what my mother is , possibly a 6 , but i know my father was an 8w7 when younger , and an 8w9 now . i am an 8w7 , and i do believe that's due to my father encouraging those traits in me . entp taurus here ! got leo as my ascendent , i feel like adding . wahaha , i also score 50/50 on some tests . i always either score estp or entp . i would put the breakdown at 60/40 in favour of entp , and then of course there was that breakdown that put me at ... the short attention span . i'm horrible when it comes to finishing what i start , and trying to get my brain to focus on one thing at a time . i can start something with a lot of enthusiasm , yet when it ... thanks everyone for the help ! : happy : it's been difficult trying to figure it out , but i'm now confident that entp is the best fit . scuei ( 3.3 % of women ; 5.3 % of men ) not afraid of doing the wrong things , does not value rules and regulations , prefers unpredictable to organized , does not accomplish work on time , needs to ... okay , out of those two , extroverted intuition fits me exactly , and whilst i can still see myself in the extroverted sensing , it's to a far lesser extent . actually , this is the first explanation i've ... thanks :) i'm definitely an etp , yeah ! it's the se versus ne that perplexes me . right now i'm fairly confident , based on the examples , that i'm ne dominant , but only barely . entp fits me ... out of those i would actually say n is more applicable , in regards to both examples . i can definitely see myself in the s , but n slightly more so . i guess i am inclined to type myself as entp , ... good questions . i would say , frustratingly i know , that i'm 50/50 on the big picture versus the details . i keep the big picture in mind ( and indeed can daydream about the ways in which the big ... need some assistance figuring out whether i most resemble an estp or an entp . i score both on tests , and one breakdown had me 50/50 on sensing and intuition , which really cleared matters up . right ! ... 8w7 . tri type is 8-7- 3 . female 8-7- 3 '