' when media entertainers to make movies , books and tv shows , the characters more believable , relatable , & have a distinct personality type . your favorite characters ( or maybe even least favorite ! ) can ... have you seen this movie before ? :) ooh ! watch the brothers bloom ! ( amazing , beautiful movie ! ) the main character girl , penelope , is an entp ! :D trailer : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JTZEjg5sflk i'm actually not too fond of the ... i'll take you up on your theory by re-watching the movie ! because i see where you're coming from but meg is extremely strategic . my ultimate conformation was asking my intj girl bff if she thought ... oh my ! meg was the main love interest ! have you gotten the chance to watch disneys hercules ? link to the movie ! hercules.flv | putlocker you just have to hit the button continue as free user ... my istj female friend got restorative , adaptability , deliberative , empathy , and responsibility . oh my ! meg was the main love interest ! have you gotten the chance to watch disneys hercules ? link to the movie ! hercules.flv | putlocker you just have to hit the button continue as free user ... all enfjs should get communication and woo as their results . if not i would question the validity of the test . haha ! (: i believe two of the most amazing , and distinctive attributes of enfjs are ... i've come to discover in reading the sherlock holmes series that watson is an infj . sherlock is most certainly a entp at its genius best , and watson ( with what would be his primary ni ) can , and ... believe it or not , but meg from disneys hercules is an intj ! whoo ! representation ! :D yes ! i agree . i've noticed in movies the protagonist is usually a nf , but on tv shows they're sp types ( it speeds along the action to fit in one half hour , you know ? haha ! ) i keep a list of ... 1 ) to pray never-endingly ! 2 ) take the chances that i know i'll love . chances that are worth it ! 3 ) get on the correct sleeping schedule 4 ) be on time . (: heres a picture i posted on deviant art a while back : sidekicklover 22 ' s deviantart gallery i've always been told i have huge eyes . i remember there was an estp ( i was having a slight crush for ) ... hello ! ! theres a positive psychology test called via ( values in action that figures what your top virtues are heres the link to the test : https://www.viame.org/www/ [*= left ] what is your ... questionnaire : try your best to list each mbti type at least once ! you can use a mbti type more than once you can have more than one type for each answer ! if , in all your attempts , a mbti ... plus , my istp female friends was : individualization , adaptability , restorative , belief , and deliberative . that makes me realize how reliable this test was if your results were so similar both times ! kudos ! we did this puppy at my school , so i got some of my friends to tell me what theres were (: isfj female : 1 ) intellection 2 ) belief 3 ) responsibility 4 ) restorative 5 ) empathy enfp male : 1 ) ... i've noticed it's an intuitive thing to say / sing to yourself unconsciously ( as in you don't notice your saying things to yourself .. ) but sensors do not do this ( at least not nearly as often ) . sensing ... what do you think , did i write enough ? hahaha :) a big conflict with the infp in love is that they will care for another person so deeply , but never pursue them ! they only show the other person hints of affection without taking the main step to ... i'll take you up on that hypothesis ! that doesn't mean it can't vary person to person based on what they delight in , but overall this idea is very likely (: re-comment : specifically a sensing perceiving type would enjoy this festival very much . who else thinks this is the ultimate sensing festival ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hh-o5g4tLVE&feature=relmfu dont get me wrong , i'd probably love it as well (: sensors and plus , can i hear a ... hahaa ! ! oh snap , you got me good ! yes , now that i remember it , that was the original purpose for creating that username (: * that moment where you're intuition helps you know more than you ever ... well here is something you'd might find amusing because i am who i am , if there is a very attractive , upstanding , yet conventionally handsome guy i dont end up desiring them because my heart says ... that moment when you're a friend of an intj and they send you a message with a smily face in it . day . made .. ! oh my goodness i love you intjs . you do no wrong in my heart ! i admire adore and ... haha ! ! awe ! thank you , so much ! ! god gives us all different skills , and he's given me a heart of positivity ! i'm glad i can give you another perspective on the make-shift of an infp ;) besides , i ... its true ! ! sensing type usually crack up at things that are twisted to look weird or abnormal in comparison to how things are reality . so sensing humor connects with things that look different , act ... but you did catch me .. ! hahahaahahaahahahahha nooo poor degraded sensors ! ! i thank sensors for being into mbti , there aren't many sensors who are , but its a huge strength ! ! sensors are task machines . they ’ re all so vital in ... conversation with a sensor : oh the movie story line doesn't matter , i like the action , car chases , and stuff blowing up ! ! is it winning , yet ? :D hehee i think they'll need to be a purpose behind posting to become the largesttt x ) well i may be pushing this one in the eyes of many women , but just yesterday i was telling my friend that christian bale was average looking .. while looking at his pictures ! i completely agreed with ... the beauty is that the lord presents answers to every question and every situation through the bible , and if theres a question we dont know , like what is eternity , the reason we dont know the answer ... i actually truely admire this type <3 i can literally sit there and watch them because theyre so graceful and beautiful--guys & girls that doesnt mean i can easily connect with them .. i can if ... nothing .. ! <3 im very curious about your parents being opposite personalities ! what is it like being an introvert and living with such a large , and different , family ? :) i've dated an intp & have been best friends with an intp for years now . from what you've described i wouldn't be surprised if your myers-briggs guess on him was correct :P intps do love engaging in ... when they become argumentative under stress when they can make any relationship with any type work if they want it but they tend to not see that admirable quality in themselves <3 ive found that in most situations family members personalities often take after the combination of their parents personalities , is this true in your family or others ? examples : my dad is an entp ... my best friend--who is a infj , so inf similarity--does this all the time ! ! you're not alone , and she tells me all about it , very confidently since i am her confidant ;) i feel like the thoughts you ... '