' hard liquors are not kind to my mother's side of the family . really brings out the mr . hyde in everyone . hence why i don't drink any form of liquor when i'm already pissed and the source of the ... - asking me to get something done then stand there blocking me while talking my ear off only to ask why i haven't gotten that something done yet . : insert internal scrat spazz here : - ... myopic + astigmatism . cons : can't see someone smile a few feet away from me . pros : i pull off the naughty librarian without feeling like a complete poser and makes face to face intimacy feel ... it depends on how well i know the person and the context of the situation . some situations i don't bat an eye . others are pure cringe worthy for me . he's a diabolical closet enfp . ne + fi . all that imagination + internal fuzzies . he's the purple equivalent of sponge bob ... now i have barneys ' and sponge bobs ' theme songs overlapping and playing in ... as much as i enjoy the ad homonym of cheeto von tweeto ( courtesy of an yahoo user whom i can't remember ) for president trump , to use ad homonyms as a talking point or a basis of discussion about any ... so that's why i seriously sucked at dodge ball . this entp ( ? ) was an excellent kahuna in teaching how to dodge red , bacteria covered balls ... to the face . ... practically any piece of paper will do . sometimes i'll use a bookmark if the bookmark matches the theme of the book . if it's a really old book that's practically falling apart , sometimes i'll just ... come in , look , and touch ( if not breakable or not being sorted / catergorized ) is ok . but to come in and start rearranging things or take things out of order when it's obvious that i'm sorting is a ... it use to be anything and everything that required some thought play . religion , mysticism , science , dreams , the practical and impractical alike . now it feels like too much effort for no reward , no ... i really can't choose . i love them all , well the plot lines of sw 1 , 2 , and 3 were great but most of the actors and the graphics were meh to me . 1 ) star trek ( classic trekkie and a huge spock fan ) ... for years , my handle on here was my user name on a multitude of gaming sites . that was only because urania and isis are my two favorite mythic characters . i love playing with the archetypes of ... my brother ( isfj ) and i are having a hair growing competition . according to the definitions in this poll , my brother has long hair and i have very long hair . it's a samson thing for my brother . it's ... sentimentally , we could say that all souls start off as a single ray of light that has been fractured by a prism and split into different wavelengths . i suppose all souls start off a blank state , ... would love to go sunbathing topless , or commando for that matter , in my own backyard . but my darn neighbors are too damn nosy . don't want any pics leaking of betty and betsy that i don't approve of ... conversationally , no problem . with regards to flirtation ... o / / / o ... uh ... ^ / / / ^ ... thank you ? ^ / / / ^ ; oh , sci-fy hands down . : spacecraft - 1 : i tested istj a lot during my latter teen years when the drinking habits of one of my parents upticked really bad and my heart dropped thinking things wouldn't get better so it was best to give up ... satelliting crowds , no problem . being stuck in the center subjected to the space and the flow of the crowd , just nope . a sparse crowd , no problem . a compact crowd , not at all . i like to see and feel ... when one of your personal values has been crossed and / or you can't think of a dark or sinister joke to spin off from a serious topic ? if you can't make a person think aha ha ha ha ... * sigh * ... fu * # , ... * le gasp * no he must not ! too fast , he'll spook her ! / jk : tongue : accidentally brushing his hands against hers might be better . see how receptive she is without risking losing any ground in ... fire tiger . i'm a social rules surfer . i'll follow if the rule has merit . but i will exploit a loophole if i see one . i'm less lenient on the rules i set for myself though . a ( wo ) man's got to have a code . helps ... perhaps calling out possibilities in search of a possible specific set of common denominators for laxatives and giggles as well as ice breakers with no statistical relevance whatsoever . additional ... i am ... after a boatload of rough drafts . <--- has edited that sentence 5x before posting . - carbs , especially breads . - music ( ambient , rock , techno , electro swing , cultural music ) - pets - family - friends - gardening - occasional solitude - self-control , specifically emotions . - ... gotta keep your customer medically dependent . they get kick backs ( or something like that ) by pedaling the medication that counters the ails that food gives you . got heartburn from that hotdog , ... 1 . what's your myers briggs type ? infj 2 . do you like / appreaciate / find humor in morbid jokes ? to a certain degree i do find some humor in certain morbid jokes . # 1 did nothing for me . # 2 and # 3 ... when it comes to vacationing i enjoy being close to , but not immersed in , society . going seaside and enjoying a nearly vacant beach , but not staying in town . going to the mountains and staying ... i don't find alcohol evil . but i do see it as a dangerous tool if welded by someone with some really bad inner demons which have really good swimming skills . there's addiction in my family ... ni doesn't focus on one atom itself . just hones in , focuses on , and tries to manipulate the seemingly most effective property all the helium are demonstrating together that makes them effective . is ... ni is a one-way valve that either pours out into fe or te . ni won't see the food particle get stuck under a tooth even though it knows the potential for it to happen is there . ni only cares about the ... 10 if i'm sick . 8 at my best . 3 at barely functional . i usually average 3 to 6 hours during the work week and take cat naps where i can get them . if it's the dance of the grootling , i say do it ! https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/4d/aa/fd/4daafd98c2ad6634f300f1ce0f41f791.gif satan claws is psychic . in lieu of coal , he will place jean patches in your dresser and fill you with the compulsion to mend said holes . oh what fun that would be . i have some old cloth swatches my mother use to use when she attended college for fashion design . sometimes i'll pull them out just to feel their texture and admire their design compared to most ... hello , my name is christine . what things are you referred to as , when , in what context ? i . e . titles , nicknames , etc . chris , chrissy , cristina , sissy ( brother ) , monkey chick ( mom & sister ) , ... i collect the souls of lost children , kittens , and puppies for my fictitious utopia . nah , i collect gemstones , colored marbles , movie tickets , novelty penny prints , antiquated books , and cooking ... my sister is an estp and i'm an infj and we frick'n love rick and morty . we love the hypothetical dark humor , the dark what if's of all the scenarios with occasional subtle potshots at contemporary ... unofficially , since i'm not a licensed psychologist or psychotherapist , i would say this sounds a bit like emotional apathy brought about by compassion fatigue . being emotionally and mentally taxed ... i love them , they're adorable , and critical to the sustenance of the local ecosystem . i haven't had a bad experience with them yet so i don't know if i'm allergic or not . i love it when they land on ... i've been noticing a lot of men selecting female or feminine avatars and all i can think is he is getting in touch with his inner anima and he's not afraid to show it . * kudos to those men , if ... it's one of those it's easier to open up to a stranger than a person you know situations . it is easier to use a virtual spray-n-pray method of posting a touch of your inner crazy that if it fails ... i might be a bit late in saying this but , ffs yes ! you read my mind ! thank you ! ! these thoughts have been plaguing me my entire existence . poor mary getting the short end of the stick either way ... i ’ m getting the impression you ’ re an xxtp in shadow due to your depression . ti before fe with fe further down the ladder . to settle the n or s rift , do you find yourself dwelling / absorbing abstract ... not to my face out of ill intent , that i'm aware of . but my sister , mother , and i will refer to each other as badass bitches when we teamwork and kick ass with plenty of humorous sass . * in the ... i feel proud , happy , and crappy all at the same time . prohacrappy ? crahapproud ? hacrapproud ? i don't know ? ! maybe there's some backfiring residual in my gut from that tb xxl burrito i had last night ... to be fair , we've never met in person . although i've seen a picture of him , i'm not drawn to pictures as i'm drawn to pheromones . besides , at this moment there is another from a distance still ... i have that with a texting buddy from two counties south of me . i get excited when i think of our conversations and eagerly await future sessions when our work schedules relax a little bit . we have ... despite it being a thread in the infj section , you're free to answer . it's interesting to hear from other types . infjs don't bite ... much . : tongue : my list : big sister instinct beware the nice ... '