' hmm 15 facts about myself ... 1 . reading is my life . 2 . i love , no adore to the ends of the earth , chocolate ! ! 3 . to choose a favourite animal , i would have to say cats . 4 . i am something of a ... these movies are all on the list of popular ones i am not fond of ! this year has been a whirlwind for me . it feels like a blur that quickly passed by and i never really grasped a moment or hung on . quite a lot has occurred , and much growth and learning has taken ... read books , journal , ponder and write down or draw pictures of various ideas , thoughts , and / or story patterns that flit through my mind . research topics of interest and browse the internet in ... my 20 ' s ... so far they have been up and down all around , and yet , they have in many ways compared to others been steady and stagnant . they have been years of contradictions in some manner . early ... how do you go about coming up with projects to work on ? this is the fun part . ideas are always flooding into my brain - things i could do , research , read about , write about , draw / sketch out , craft , ... cowed , or at least that's the best word i can think of . clarity and confusion are supposed to be opposites ... and yet i forever seem compelled to interweave them and thus not only frustrate myself , ... true friends , deep connections , even spending quality time with another ... they are hard to come by . i daresay i've struggled with trying to obtain and develop meaningful connections with other humans ... 1 . how do you feel about this or that type questions ? ( ex : coke or pepsi ? ) they are too black and white , when most of the world , knowledge , etc . is grey :) 2 . do you like animals ? i love them ... reading is my life . 1 . how many friends do you have ? i have a couple of really good , close friends . i see the one once a week or every couple of weeks or so and the other once or twice a month ( she lives further ... i agree wholeheartedly about the way facebook can be ! i do have an account on it , but i don't go on other than to keep in touch with some people that it would be difficult to stay in contact with ... outside in nature , usually one of many favourite spots i like to visit from time-to-time . or at home reading a book in one of my cozy , comfy spaces with a warm , inviting , sweet cup of tea . older people generally , although i connect pretty well with young children too . i have a much easier time speaking to older people , we often share more similar interests , we have conversations of all ... i understand how you feel . sometimes , usually the most during the winter , i become bored of the usual activities i do to get out as well . i do a lot of what you do - errands , walking around , browsing ... a test of will power , truth , and strength . i love surveys like this ! 1 do you write down your dreams not really , although i would like to so i can remember them better . i'm just too lazy or preoccupied with other things to bother with ... goodbye old friend . we were a pair , you and i , as teenagers . i am sorry that years and circumstances lead to a separation of sorts between us , but friends in a way we still remained . you were a ... social interactions meeting strangers is not my favorite thing , but it can be fun . it is if the people i'm meeting happen to be like-minded or we connect well on some level , but when that doesn't ... i am very much into whimsy . anything magical , fantastical , spiritual , contemplative , philosophical , soulful , sweeping , flowing , freeing , simplicity , harmony and tranquility and vividness of ... ahh , comfort is my middle name :) . first of course tell us your type : infp 1 ) do you place a lot of value on the ability to ' rough it ' or do you crave comfort and strive to create / enjoy it ... hmm let's see ... 1 . cats ! ! 2 . my boyfriend 3 . my closest friends 4 . cuddling up in warm , fuzzy , cozy blankets 5 . dark chocolate 6 . hot chocolate 7 . brownies ( notice a theme here ... ) 8 ... i do ! black or green tea and chocolate are my go-to's in the morning to help me wake up . i am not a morning person unless i have to work early in the morning or something . i actually really enjoy ... i'm really not a fan of clubs either . as others have mentioned , the reasons stand that they are loud and you can't hear yourself think let alone hold a proper conversation with someone . the music is ... 1 . could you explain your situation ? ( e . g . , i'm a full-time student or i work full-time , et cetera ) . i work almost full-time as a corner store clerk , the job itself is alright and keeps me ... i'm a 4w5 through and through . i relate to a lot of what's been said in the posts here . my life is seemingly a never-ending roller coaster ride ! i like and dislike the holidays at the same time . i like it for the fact that i can enjoy yummy christmas-style foods and desserts , be cozy with movies , books , and hot chocolates , enjoy festive ... i got a child & youth studies degree and studied to be a teacher . that backfired on me ! many of my degree's courses were interesting enough ( psychology and sociology of children - pretty neat ... yes , i am totally useless lol . i'm supposed to be decent at tutoring children , but nope , i couldn't even do that right yesterday in one of my sessions . there was a teaching strategy i should've used ... i studied child & youth studies and education in university and went to teachers college after . that went under . i didn't fail , but teaching is in no way something meant for me . i don't enjoy it in ... insightful poem ! i will have to add it to my favourites as well ! but seriously speaking , i do know exactly how you feel when it comes to feeling alone with everybody and wanting and craving ... this has happened to me before on here . i pm'ed someone , wanted to get to know her better and chat and just see if we could form a connection . she seemed like a really neat person and we had a lot in ... beautifully , honestly written . i couldn't have put it better myself what you have to say about depression and mental illness . it's like you wrote my story with it , although i struggle with anxiety ... the key signs of an old soul ( here are my answers ): · giving and caring often putting others first - sometimes · had a difficult romantic life often with much pain and disappointment - yes · ... i am and always have been a highly sensitive person . i cringe at loud noises and dislike crowds , i jump and squeak at unexpected loud noises or when someone / something startles me , i get pretty ... i know exactly what you mean . i will get that gut feeling too when i sense that people may not like me . indeed , most of the time those people haven't deliberately cold shouldered me or stabbed me in ... i struggle with it greatly at times . other times , reality can be okay or actually wonderful . you are correct in your points that disease and early death were common and harsh realities during the ages before the industrial revolution and indeed , many did work long hours . but don't believe ... my ideal day is sitting in the cool summer sun reading a book all afternoon , enjoying a coffee and internet surfing in the morning , and eating a scrumptious dinner and doing some history diving with ... i'm 24 . i don't know what i want to do or where i want to go in life . i strayed from what i studied in school , it didn't work out for me . i've been working in the past year since i graduated from ... yes . i know that feeling all too well . i experience similar sensations - tight chest , weak limbs , heat radiating throughout the body , but especially in the face . it's the worst because it is ... history is my life ! ! the older i've gotten , the more i've fallen in love with it . i love reading historical fiction ( often with elements of fantasy :p roud :) and watching historical documentaries and ... i tend to wear mismatched socks . : crazy : i know exactly how you feel . actually , i was just feeling this way myself today , though i've somehow managed to pull myself out of it in the last several hours . a thunder storm has been brewing here , ... hmm ... sensitivity - i really don't like being as over-sensitive as i am , wherein when i'm in a low mood or something not-so-nice has happened to or around me , i feel as though everyone can see ... isfp - only because he is my boyfriend and i will one day end up marrying him ! i don't know that his personality type is one i ideally wanted to be with before i met him , but looking back on it now , ... people people's inability and / or unwillingness to think about core realities all around them the future of our society / the world aka . the ever-tightening grip over it rejection deep failure ... life is filled with moments like these , but they are all too fleeting . i have to say mine would be philosophy / spirituality , the study of society , history , and fantasyland . in other words , my ultimate obsession is reading ! and , at times rather unfortunately , food ... hey all ! i thought i'd post another poem i've recently written here . i don't have a title for it yet ( why the topic line is the way it is ) , but read , reflect , and enjoy anyway . it's about the ... '