' thank you ! i look forward to connecting with others on the forum . it seems like many of the names have changed ! i've learned to cultivate & appreciate my strengths and to acknowledge & work on my weaknesses . 4 years now . mbti has essentially shaped my confidence and given me a great appreciation for myself and ... your fi may need a bit more nurturing ... but empathy is , imo at least , a key personality trait of any nf really . i have never met an nf that didn't have intense empathy . fi can sometimes bring ... i'm going to marry my infj gf : wink : we are the same kind of crazy and compliment each other very well in that sense . it's electric ! this forum saved my life years ago ( late 2010 / early 2011 to be exact ) . i found it at one of the lowest points in my life where i considered options that i most certainly can not relate to , but will ... thanks yes , tense is ... not even the right word for me . lol . i was at the airport last week and the girl sitting next to me while waiting for boarding and said ... are you okay ? she said i was fidgeting ... anything that corners me - that could be someone telling me i shouldn't feel a certain way . i will always stand up and defend myself . i'm 6 months into a relationship with a beautiful girl - who so happens to be an infj as well ! our passion and love is amazing together - it's ecstasy when we're together . we tend to have a lot ... happy 420 all - if you are a recreational user that is ! i smoked weed everyday for 2 years up til 6 months ago - best decision i ever made to quit ! i did that with an infj girl . it paid off , but i have resentment from it and so maybe its not paying off after all . being who i am is the best thing that's ever hapnd to me . in fact , i think it only gets better as we get older . the mbti is a frame of reference for me - it's proven to be accurate in every turn of my life so far as i've tested it in real life application . i know she means well and does not have evil intentions , part of is my fault for putting up with a lot of it . i still continue to put up with a good bit i guess - but it's because i know she doesn't ... yeah - i know logically you are right but it's so hard to do that emotionally . it's so hard to just shatter the possibilities . i'm terrified of the regret . well i always told her on the spot that if that's the case , then break up with me . and she would apologize profusely and say she doesn't mean it like that all . so yeah anything is possible . it's ... anything is possible . what i told her is she can lead him on ... but it will not make him feel better long term , maybe temporary then she make his recovery getting over him that much harder ... that's just the first bit of it . some fucked up shit has been said to me . 2 months in she was still talking about being completely in love with her ex . she also told me 2 months in that the ring she ... 22 . i will do my best to be there , but i said above that i'm also going thru a really hard time in my life as of 2 months ago so it's just weighing a lot more deeply on me now . i mean , my life ... she says he has no friends at all and his parents won't do anything about the drug problem , nor his sister - so she feels it's her job to step in only . it is hard . i'm trying to be as selfless as ... fair enough . she has more people in her life than i have in mine oddly enough , i am much more selective in who i let in . she used to say fucked up things to me like - if i could move back to his ... i've been in a relationship for 4 months at this point with an infj . i've known her for years prior and we share a lot in common so align on more than one front - culture , values , ideas , interest , ... can relate to this entirely ! edit : realized my friend is isfj not isfp so the comments are not relevant well i landed myself in a relationship randomly ( when i stopped looking - go figure ! ) because it felt right and the girl is amazing ( infj ) - it's been only a few months and things have been going ... my current girlfriend is an infj - she's fucking awesome , everything i've ever wanted . she's going thru a hard period in her life but she's worth sticking there for ... her negativity does hurt me ... well ... i will at times ( rarely ) be extremely hyper focused on someone and work towards helping them improve themselves . i have matured since then and taken a bit of a step back in terms of intense ... was addicted to marijuana for 2 years - i smoked anywhere from 1-20 times a day , usually 5-6 lol . i quit ( permanently imo ) and have not touched it in 3 months now . amazing to be back to who i am ... fair enough - well considering the population is generally full of more uneducated persons more than properly educated persons - there is likely many enfps out there who have not developed to their ... fair enough :) to each their own ! it is a much cooler story your way :P haha . online dating ended up not having any success for me - but i did meet a heck of a lot of cool girls which is nice . 1 . does intellect attract you ? yes 2 . do you care if your mate is smart ? have you ever dated down intellectually ? it's a requirement . i have never dated down , i need someone who can keep up ... well , i thought the purpose of online dating is for it to lead in to an actual date ? for example , i met a girl on an online dating ( entj ) and she was great , we talked online for 2 weeks - then of ... this thread needs to be stickied - this is the true enfp , not the damn stereotypical profiles . it's getting annoying now . one thing - i question the possibility of few hundred million enfps because of there were truly a few hundred million real enfps ( not all the fake tested ones ) then the world would be a much ... never been much of a cigarette smoker , i don't even see how it's addicting at all . i've probably had 100 cigarettes + spread over the past 5 years and only randomly - never really bought any before or ... entps enfps - both are the coolest folk to walk the planet . i'd be open to it . i don't live on the east coast but it would be cool to meet other enfps so i'd be happy to make the flight . congrats ! the first enfp girl i met was a few months ago and we had electric conversations . we bounced all over the place , it was truly ... insane lol . i figured we weren't a good match though because ... your cognitive functions : extroverted intuition ( ne ) 12.69 introverted feeling ( fi ) | 11.94 extroverted feeling ( fe ) | | ... that reminds me of the way my parents described me as a baby . i also didn't have a permanent grin , i tended to cry a lot i was told . and super , super moody and sensitive . personally , i think that's not a good route to take . i think enfps can make amazing lawyers - in fact i was going to be one and i had many many lawyers recognize that passion in me . one of the career ... viva : 4w3 7w6 8w9 so / sx ace face : 7w8 , 8w7 , 3w2 cue 5c : 3w2 so / sp the king of dreams : 9w1 7w6 2w1 so / sx alysaria : 7w6 , 2w3 , 9w8 sx / so musicbird : 7w6 , 9w8 , 4w3 eerie : 7w8 - 1w2 - 4w3 sx / sp finaille : ... accounting for inflation , not much has changed : what cost $ . 10 in 1962 would cost $ 0.71 in 2010 . essentially , 71 cents today is the equivalent of 10 cents in 1962 . : happy : oooh ... this is going to be fun ! ! for the record , i questioned my type and studied the functions in details and i'm an enfp confirmed . also , the point is to discover yourself and if you are ... my mentor of 5 years was an enfj - fe vs fi clash was more common as he would point out i made everything about me , me , me i'm dating an infj girl and it's amazing , when we do clash its fe vs fi ... everyone has a plan in that sense , this is more about possibilities ... looking at a situation and realizing the potential hundreds of different outcomes . it goes much deeper . if someone asked me ... i think those test are inaccurate , as i've started working closely w / people i know on typing them , i am finding out a large # of them are being mistyped . one of my friends received entj . he took ... for the record , i don't think that most of those test are too accurate - well they are only as accurate as truthful as you are with yourself and everyone tends to project what they'd wish to be more ... i've been here everyday ! i'm not as active in posting anymore as i'm a bit fed up with the mistypes here . i have been talking to many via pm :) including originalchris . send me a pm and let's catch ... she knows her stuff ! listen to her :) '