' i think it would some require observation . ni is a perceiving function , not one that directs action in the external world . moreover , it is perceiving subjective internal impressions . it is too ... infp : blushed :: blushed :: blushed : welcome , emonfp , i am not shocked that you do programming . i could never teach myself programming . i am unable to read technical books : shocked : very interesting ! i wonder if that threatening bushes man was your shadow . interesting that it led you towards long , winding and unknown paths another nt ! welcome i don't know what a rural surveyor does but by the sounds of it , it requires spending time out in rural settings . and from what i remember of sweden , some of its rural ... interesting intro ! welcome ! hello and welcome . are you excited about the it-related pursuit , or do you see it as yet another escape from boredom ? i honestly do not know if it is . despite being a homosexual myself , i have no difficulty entertaining the possibility that it may indeed be a mental disorder that is so deeply biological in its core ... well there have been instances where i have said things that hurt people , even people i cared a lot for , and i didn't even realise my words would have such an effect . the fact that i did not mean to ... hello and welcome , nt cousin ! all i know so far is that it seems that 1 ) you have to acknowledge ( or ' resign to ' ) to fact that your conscious self is not the only part of you that has desires , plans and goals or even the one ... hello hfd . i don't think i can give you any intelligent advice on this , but i thought i'd remind you of what you may already know : that sometimes people cut off friendships due to problems that they ... i think that purpose ( s ) can be consciously constructed , over and over again . but the purpose is not our construct . it is something we discover people don't work this out in their 20 ' s . they postpone thinking about them until it hits them in the face in their 40 ' s . they don't call it mid-life crisis for nothing hate is perhaps too strong a word , but for some reason i haven't really examined , i don't seem to like taking photos . i can't remember exactly the last time i took photos . it must have been some 20 ... you've got it , chronic . sorry that it took a tragedy to learn . it seems our greatest leaps are taken through tragedy and struggle , as if nothing else is quite strong enough to force us through to a ... that's a universal theme . seeing aquarium or containers of water or pools of water and seeing fish and other water creatures in them , dead or alive . sometimes , the water that was meant to be there is ... v . interesting thread . recently , i dreamt that i had somehow travelled back in time ( or past time had travelled forward and blended with my present ) and i met my mother ( who died many years ago ) ... i like intps but i was only close to 1 of them in my life ( as far as i can tell ) . i've only met a couple . it'd be nice to know more but they are rare and i don't exactly get around so chances are v ... only way i have found to nourish my se in a healthy way yes . are we always , or even most of the time , able to exercise it ? clearly not . much of our lives are on the autopilot of our unconscious . but sparkles of free will are everywhere , constantly ... it works . slowly . but then , you don't expect years of self-abuse , hardened like a rock , to just vanish in an instance . you chip away at it with love post more about it , tempting . we all need the counsel of someone who's been through it if you have a photo of yourself as a little child , refer to it . would you be cruel to little 2yo dosekk , hurling all kinds of criticism at him for being this , or failing that ? no . what would you do ... i did this too . what followed from it was not good . maybe it would be a good idea to slowly start treating yourself to some non-work social exposure . you see , your self has a way of forcing you to ... hey wd , welcome . check out the various sections of the cafe . the intps ' forum is actually the one with the most posts amongst the four nt sub-forums . with time ( and some encouragement ) intps have a ... i was clearly an introvert , never feeling bored when alone and gaining a lot of energy from solitary activities like drawing and sketching stuff , from stories to city plans and buildings . i also ... welcome ! my mother was enfp but my father was an introvert of some sort ( inxp ) . i can't even imagine what it would be like if my father was esfp ( probably my favourite extrovert type ) . extroversion ... am gay and i got into some physical fights when i was at school age , but not because of being gay . i didn't know that i was , at the time , and it wasn't evident to others . i got in fights because ... welcome glass cat . i like the nickname . it's fortunate that you were in your room and not in the bathroom when you started thinking of a nickname ! this is good advice , earthious . other good advice on this thread too , such as the bit about starting with the little things . depression can be a call to undertake work on developing aspects of ... i almost never have lucid dreams that i can remember , but i also never attempted to have lucid dreams . i do have some pretty awkward dreams though hello hannah , welcome to the cafe . where does everyone meet so many intjs ? i guess i need to get out more , hehe it was an infp who introduced me to mbti . it seems infps are amongst the types ... me too , but it's nothing i can't fix welcome ! hello there and welcome ! congrats ! i think the best way to get rid of interview panic is to just have more interviews . i had an intp friend who was so panicky about interviews every time he had one . i didn't really know ... 10 years ago , when i still ... circulated , out of work-home , in london , i did come across some gay ents and even infs . i never met another gay intj though , to my knowledge . back then , i did sometimes ... any post that mentions coffee is sure to make me pay attention ! lol hola and welcome . hey , the learning is mutual . every forum user adds something totally new i don't think i have ever debated with an intp but i have had various discussions with them on topics on which our views were not in full agreement or rather , on topics where our knowledge of an ... i get mistaken for an extravert all the time , even by people who have known me for quite awhile ( but always solely in a work setting ) . i see why this happens , because naturally , when i am at work i ... i agree . i also think that you connect with ni by going to meet the unconscious where it reigns : in fantasies and dreams . actively , consciously engaging with the dream world by recording and then ... hello there . reading what you said about feeling rage and having trouble managing it at times , and many other things you said , somehow made me think of g sadler , this intx guy who teaches philosophy ... hello from london . welcome , introverted nt cousin ! yes , i think it's worth some effort . i know it takes a lot of effort and it also has to battle against the certainty that we tend to build in our projections of how every social interaction is bound ... i think any type can use any function a lot for a short while . so yes , intjs can be heavy ne users in a short burst . for example , in a so-called group brainstorming session . they turn entp-like for a ... there is no basis for assuming that reason is the axis around which the world or life itself revolves . one has but to read the news or even just take a walk outside on any random day to see this . i ... coffee ! ! where is it ! oh god , don't tell me that lamp drank it all ! ! welcome ! i never used social media so i don't really have an informed opinion of them . i used linkedin for a bit , but i found little utility in it and i deleted it after the invitations from people i had ... i don't know about the rest of england but i like london . but it is not really england .. half of the population are non-english . yesterday it was cloudy and in the afternoon when i walked by ... '