' mausi , girl , that was awesome reading . it really hit home in many ways . especially since i have an enfj daughter and she is alot like an enfp as well . i related it with her and some with my enfp ... ahiko , you are so dead on in so many things you say ! i'm gonna have to let my enfp read these threads , he'll get a laugh out of it . its crazy how personality types really tell so much about us . my ... i personally think the contol issues come from needing stability and security . if we feel like we're controlling whats going on in our lives then that makes us feel more stable and secure . just my ... that's awesome ! i've read that if complete opposites can overcome their differences that they make a great team and make a complete person . ahiko , thanks for all your input . when such opposites are together there will definitely be some struggles and we've had ours but with that said , it would be boring if it wasn't somewhat of a ... he doesn't sound like the typical estj ! lol i'm very romantic and sweet too but i won't let someone else call all the shots . yes , i definitely compromise alot but i won't be dominated ! ! tissa i'm sorry , i know you're going through this . love sucks sometimes ! ! i get the feeling he mistreated you emotionally . is that true ? imo , with most estj's you have to stand your ground with ... my sj and nf relationship has its challenges but is the most growth filled relationship i've ever had ... just sayin confident ! ! i agree with wicked queen ! i always question people's motives as well . maybe that's why compliments sometimes make me uncomfortable . believe me , if i compliment its very genuine . i don't lie and say ... some estj's get on my nerves as well ... i think the negative things you see in others that you know are in yourself can irritate you . some estj's are very blunt , arrogant and single minded to name a ... thanks guys for all your input . ahiko , i noticed in some of your post before that you were trying to figure out what type your guy was and you thought maybe he was an esfj . has he tested more that ... ahiko can't wait to hear more ! garmypoo yes , i have talked to him and used to make jokes about him being jim carrey in the cable guy . lol he doesn't think its as funny anymore though , so i don't say it now . i've just tried to ... i'm sure there is post here somewhere about this combination in a relationship but didn't want to look that long . any experiences with this combo ? since there's not many estj's here i'll probably ... thanks ! me being new is why i didn't know that it will inform you ... i'm working hard on that f function ! ! you've got that so , you work on the e function ! hehe what will work ? i'm new to the forum thing so what difference does it make ? i like when my guy makes little comments all day about what he's gonna do to me later . it puts me in the mood and i like the anticipation . of course , i have a high sex drive and am always ready . wish ... @ wheelie , idk , thats one thing i love about him is that he is so outgoing . i'm almost half introvert though . i like that he will talk to people in the check out line and doesn't meet a stranger , ... me too ! ! ! he watches anything but mostly reality stuff like any singing competition , probably because he's a musician but honestly he watches nearly every reality out there which is alot . i've gotten upset ... @ dreamon i think its awesome that you and your estj understand each other and seem to make that unlikely combination work . i'm in a relationship with an enfp and its not easy . it's been over 2 yrs ... i used to be married to an intp and i can definitely remember some of the emotional outburst . in our early part of marriage he would sometimes get physical but i think alot of that was just a ' young ... as an estj , i feel i try really hard to please in my relationship but when i don't get it in return i can get resentful . is this a normal estj thing ? i was thinking the same thing last week ! where is all of the estj's ? ? of course i haven't been here since thursday . to much stuff to get done ! ! haha sure , we can talk through the show but my enfp would get irritated at us ! lol my enfp does have quite a few obsessions , which tv wasn't one of them ... lol i'm gonna have to make this quick as i just took my sleeping meds . so pardon me if i misspell or seem weird . lol as far as communication with me , i can talk about anything under the sun if its not ... @ kilotay , loved the last paragragh on communication with estj , so true . i feel i'm a softie compared to alot of estj's and especially male estj's . i need lots of affection and attention but then ... i'm a pretty well developed estj . what would you like to know ? ask away , i'm an open book . :) you are a very wise girl . if you were my daughter you would make me very proud ! ! ! you go girl ! agreed ! ! ! i'm sorry your having troubles ... i'm an estj with an enfp and we have our struggles but like you said the intense passion we have is something i've never had before and it would be hard not having ... i've read that enfp's have a fascination with people and i've wondered if his obsession with tv might have something to do with that . hahaha ... he has to fall asleep with the tv on too and its usually adult swim ! thanks guys , he's always been this way ever since i've known him . i just deal with it unless i'm really needing his attention . you're the king of procrastination ! is it a common enfp thing to be obsessed with tv or is just my enfp ? lol the girls he's friends with are married as well so that makes it better and he's pretty close to my gf's as well . he's not hanging with the girls alone because he sure wouldn't want me hanging with ... i would just stop responding because more than likely it would be a war . i personally am not into confrontation and hate conflict but most estj's don't mind it so it could blow up ... agreed ! i'm surrounded by them and love love them ! i love esfj's ! all of my closest friends are esfj's . i totally get them and they get me ! ! my enfp guy loves to hang with girls . he loves hanging with the guys too but really likes friendships with girls more . hey sweetie , i got your pm but can't reply back because i haven't posted enough . :( just wanted you to know i got it ! i bet your mom feels my pain , huh ? ? hahaha rofl , i'm new at this and thought i was quoting violetta . sorry . gonna try this again ! hehe i too am an estj in a relationship with an enfp . i hope ours doesn't end this way . i'm scared that our differences are gonna get the best of us when we live together though . : sad : i agree with progbot and i'm an estj in a relationship with and enfp . please know with your differences it will cause some issues . i recommend you read all you can on estjs and recommend the book ... rofl ... me too . and i prefer red too wicked queen ! ! my over analyzing wears me out sometimes so i can imagine how my family feels . hehe hey sweetie , i got your pm but can't reply back because i haven't posted enough . :( just wanted you to know i got it ! i bet your mom feels my pain , huh ? ? hahaha '