' i fucking love going out and having a dance to some music . i'd be going to one right now if i didn't have some uni work to do . but clubs aren't for everyone , just because you enjoy csocizlizing and ... all sounds like insecurity issues to me don't assume everything is your fault , i've started to find it healthier to assume the exact opposite and assume things are the opposite person fault , and ... logically speaking after a while everybodies personalities would change . only the strongest entp's would remain entps wheras the others personalities would start to differ if you put all the same ... when people eat with their mouthes open i hate it when people go on as if they are better than others just because they are smarter then them when everyone is wrong and i'm right when i think ... 1 . what is more important to you ? the ends or the means ? means every time . the more result driven people are the less morals and such they tend to have 2 . in your opinion , what is your biggest ... two entp's can either get along extremely well or just hate eachover . i normally like to think i'd love another person like me , when in reality it can go either way she sounds alright she is ugly though , you only think she is attractive coz normally famous women tend to be attractive . something to do with the fame anyway i'm a cake that likes different frostings i used my friend failing his interview to get into a uni we both aplied to once to finish one of my prjects on time ( it was the deal breaker ) there was also the fact that it was the only uni i ... so you're asking for a psychologist with a fetish ? i'm going to say no , in the hopes it will spark a debate even though i quite obviously do love to debate . your move prick ! i started it , but yh i generally don't like following people's isntructions unless i trust them too my sleeping patterns only come about when i'm procrastinating from going to bed but have to be up in the morning , to the point where i'll just stay awake all night and not sleep , or when i've left ... i'm fine at parties . when it comes to friends though i think it's because i don't have a lot of really close ones , i have a hard time relying on people small talk :d epends on the person , but mostly annoying if it's someone who i know than someone who's an actual friend my main problem is 2 . forever forgetting names , faces ( i will ask some people ... just want to see how much people can relate with me so i can gather wether these things are to do with being entp or not don't get me wrong i don't believe every aspect of my life is down to my mbit ... everyone needs to vent , it's quite easy to understand i'm entp's have had their rages where they just want to talk about something that's happened to get it off our chests i always want to get ... khris with a k - south west four after-party dj competition | mixcloud - re-think radio that's a mix i made with various electronic styles of music ( starts with house ends with dubstep , please ... people live for their money , their interests or for women i live for my interests with a lot of them being creative which does help with getting girls at times and will hopefully one day help me ... i find that when a lot of people are annoyed and are banging on about it they just want to be heard rather than given a solution ; they just want to vent , so just let them . still can barely deal with ... an entp would talk about taking over the world , but would never actually do it unless they really had a thign for conquests . and even then it's debatable wether they'd finish the job ! i absolutely hate flirting if a girl is coming onto me though , i get quite impatient quite quickly . why talk when you can do right ... i tend to flirt in quite a provocative manner . sort of funny but at your expense kind of way , i do enjoy a bit a back and forth but i get carried away with it too easily . that stuff is good to start ... i think doing something to impress a girl applies more to any man with a penis rather than any man who is an entp i skipped a train fine ( travelling without a ticket ) because i didn't know how to use the machines and no one is ever the station that i started my journey normally when someone tells me i can't i may as well say fuck you bitch watch me try whilst urinating on their face should i ever do that i'd better had do what i said i'd do or failure would ... my brother still does that guessing thing till this day it pisses me off so much oh i also hate it when people say you just want to have the last word chances are i probably do , but that wouldn't bug them unless they wanted to have the last word as much as , if not more so then ... i have nothing but burning hatred for anybody who patronizes me even just the thought of it sends me into a mini rage just someone so much as implying that i'm stupid makes me want to kill ! or ... i think it's important entp's try and do what they enjoy for a living i know there is no way i could do something i despised / didn't care for consistently as i can barely do some of the things i ... didn't quite get that one i hate girls with drama don't have the patience don't have the energy don't have the aggression don't have the need for them ! the more you have to think about being alpha , the more of a chance you're forcing it if you act alpha just to make sure people don't fuck you over and so you don't end up being a pussy about ... for an estj you make a pretty shit guardian ! when i forget peoples name i will address them as person if they've forgotten your name as well you don't have to feel guilty * afraid of stupid people ... urgh pics didn't come out > . < 19522 http://www.facebook.com/pages/The-Alibi/151826838181868#!/photo.php?fbid=431794288450&set=a.444792103450.232909.764733450&type=1&theater ... tbh a lot of people will say pc because either they can't afford a mac , or they've used a pc for so long they don't want to change i could only afford my mac coz of my student loan ! i had a feeling it was like this for everyone . hate to feel by alice in chains , it's like the bassist is playing my spine rather than his guitar i always critique myself and i love constructive criticism , it is good to better yourself what i hate however is when someone gives you constructive criticism but you don't agree with it , and it ... i know i've used some good uns but i can't remember them i just use one liners or just apologize * stroll into class late * what time do you call this ? 10:15 i love my family and all but on a real day to day basis i can't stand interacting with them . i mean it is the 6 of us in a 3 bedroom place so i've never really ahd my own space . it does make me fear ... i'm afraid of stupid . they are highly unpredicatble and the chances are that whatever they do is that it'll be stupid and that it could affect you for the worse ! self esteem is down to the person , not a personality type if it was down to a personality types , than that would be saying that some personality types would be happy all the time whilst some are ... i normally hate it when i'm amongst other guys who are really laddish / typical guy types as it turns into an oil and water sort of thing . normally end up in those situations when i'm playing ... only thing i hate about being entp is that it's hard being so awesome as there are few other awesome people immediately around you that you can relate or properly gel with we have to be awesome ... '