' you're right , my mistake . i've never seen any real basis or evidence for the socionics relationships element . under socionics , enfj would be your dual . the premise of duality is that you have the same but opposing ... i find them to be inconsistant with their values , judgements and expectations , in a hypocritical way . added all . l your safari is poison with cascoon and garbodor , i don't know the third . fc : 1762-3557 - 0493 i have a normal type safari with minccino , teddiursa and eevee how does your 4 mesh with being a ti dominant ? do you have any wings worked out ? do you have any examples of how you desire to present yourself as an individual ? i'm almost convinced that ... i view the mentality of needing self esteem to be pretty fragile . while i probably have fairly low self esteem i don't feel like it particularly affects my judgement , if anything a lack of ... i get that you're banned , but you're probably still hanging around . the way someone speaks * is influenced by a myriad of reasons , to pin it solely on type is pretty flawed reasoning . ... even if i were it wouldn't invalidate my point . what specifically made you put weight behind your judgement ? yes , being an istp merely means you prefer to use ti se ni fe . i'm pretty uncoordinated whenever i play most sports , if you practiced consistently you'd probably be better . 1762-3557 - 0493 i haven't really done much town development yet , though . added you both . s . t . o . p . wanting to achieve stuff is exactly what motivation is - the desire to reach a specific outcome . which is why i don't really think the strategies we're discussing will fix motivational issues , ... well , how long term was any decision you made using tactic 3 ? is it something that you do often ? fi users have a perception of themselves that they try to live up to ( i am x kind of person , so i ... tactics 1 and 2 don't sound like you're using fi , which is why they'd possibly work - depending on context . tactic 3 probably wouldn't work , because you're unlikely to listen to that kind of ... abstract sequential wut ? do me next ! i'm willing to entertain the possibility for discussion , but it really depends on the theory in and of itself . things like the government staged a shooting for gun control or 911 was an inside ... i'm not looking for any justification or seeking protection for my way of life , the point i was making was about perspective , not about me . you've essentially just shoved my objection to your ... yeah , but where are you actually getting these ideas from ? analysing everything doesn't necessarily make our analysis useful , or correct . and what makes you think istps in particular are the ... well you could pretty much make that assumption for any one of any type , there's no inherent competence associated with our function set . what are you basing this potential off of anyway ? ... my killer assassin mindset is perfectly honed for lounging about drinking ice tea and playing video games . it might be different if the istp in question is a parent , but we generally don't care about people's preconceived perceptions of themselves . i'd recommend framing the issues at hand as a matter ... yeah , but usually the issue is that what i say can have a plausible ( or probable ) interpretation that isn't what i meant . usually if i ask someone a question about something , the question is ... reserved realist , also : http://personalitycafe.com/istp-forum-mechanics/86832-interesting-personality-test.html i might've gotten something similar but slightly different last time i took this . ... what would you consider the pros / cons as an entj dating an istp ? generally , we tend to feel things with a delayed effect . i've seen a couple of analogies like waves in a set , or crashing after being awake too long , but in the moment we tend to ignore ... not an actual person but vincent ( collateral ) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CxzCn3OZfeA you seem frustrated at our responses . just please consider what we said , i don't bare you any ill will and i doubt the others do , we're just discussing the event . i don't know about the others ... i don't condone the actions of the participants , but this didn't happen in a vacuum . the purpose of the event was to see what people would be tempted to do , they would already be leaning towards ... you're just a different shade of ixtp . i'd attribute the conversations about weird stuff to be ti , while the way you steer the conversation from there to be more indicative of ne / si or se / ni ... if you're initiating a conversation , ideally this is how it would go : * point of topic * if you want to be really polite then you'd go hey x , * point of topic * since you said particularly if ... don't really find attacking things to work well , though i did do that a bit when i was younger . what would you do if your issue was with yourself or a non material issue ? talking i usually find ... cognitive dissonance in all things ; see flaws in my own logic constantly and can rarely take a stance on anything . can't justify irrational actions ( though that doesn't necessarily stop me from ... if your friend is ignoring sound arguments , can't accept truth and can't get past their own biases , then being a sensor isn't what is stopping them from being an intellectual . which cognitive function ( s ) do you think makes you appreciate the mind ? i know a few intps , and we get along fairly well . i feel like ne dominants tend to talk at me rather than to me , and get too wrapped up in their past perceptions . the entps i've met i didn't ... most people tend to vent their frustrations in some way or another , by crying , blaming , talking or attacking something or whatever . i find that i can't really vent at all , i can't cry and i ... entp : 3 intp : 7 entj : 3 intj : 7 enfp : 3 infp : ? enfj : 2 infj : 2 which god ( s ) are you talking about ? a deistic view or theistic ? his words or yours ? i don't believe in a theistic view of god because it's such an improbable concept . yes , if i ask what i perceive to be a simple question like why do you do this ? its seen as an attack and they go on the defensive . or if i question and discuss why i have to do something i'm told ... i used to have the same issue with people when i was at school . the same people complained that i didn't talk enough . different coloured shoes / shoelaces , dyed hair with unnatural colours ( blue , purple , etc ) bright clothes , a lot of fan merchandise , making faces in photos , a new interest every week , talks a lot , ... it's not hard for us to empathise , but it is to sympathise . it's likely due to inferior fe , but if someone attempts to sympathise with me i typically feel that it's really hollow and superficial ... i think this is the main issue , because i perceive it the same way . i would attribute it to have auxiliary / tertiary s / n but other types with similar concepts ( eg ; inxps ) don't have the same view . ... yeah , it'd definately be a better system than keirsey . i don't really relate to the sp group , and i've read that a lot of isxps don't either . since people under stress tend to show traits of their ... at least when it comes into generalisations based on more than one type . i occasionally see people will group something like intp / infp or istp / isfp , instead of istp / intp or isfp / infp . this ... every now and then , sometimes i regret not forming friendships or engaging with people . though whenever i actually do talk to people or spend time with them i usually regret it more . in general ... i tried it once but i didn't really find it useful . it's supposed to be a form of release or something but it didn't really have any effect for me . http://personalitycafe.com/istp-articles/76785-recognizing-inferior-function-istp.html try that '