' marijuana is legal for medical conditions . in quebec , it is essentially legal for any medical condition , and police aren't allowed to ask for proof that you have said condition . theoretically , you ... oh dear ... no . tying yourself down would be a profoundly bad idea . restriction of movement is one of the worst experiences in a psychedelic mindset ( not that salvia can really be called a psych , ... the tests presuppose that you are being purely objective , but of course none of us can be . we often answer personality tests based on idealized selves rather than truth . therefore these kind of ... define hard drugs mon ami . i wouldn't consider psilocybin , lysergic acid or mescaline to be hard drugs , but many would . i don ; t consider adderall a hard drug , but many would . so what is a hard ... exactly ! mind you , i'm a singer , so i've also developed a fondness for lyrics , especially very intelligent and provoking ones further response , i refer you to this : http://personalitycafe.com/articles/25205-dominant-tertiary-loops-common-personality-disorders.html ( not saying you have a pd , but it's an interesting ... oh god ... drunk texting intps are a scary sight ... also , i think there is a lot of music which is intensely logical . there is a genre called math metal ... i've had some people suggest it's linked to si . we lack the ability to observe the external world , but we know stuff is happening , we just can't pin it down ... boy does that suck . my best ... profound words . the inner world of the intp is to most other minds what mars is to earth . not being arrogant , but we do have an alien way of thinking . i appreciate the intp coolness comment too , ... this is actually hilarious evidence of the ( kind of annoying ) intp need for absolute precision in definitions of theories , even when the definitions don't change the reality of the question .   ... depends . if you're getting extract from headshops , like , 30x , it's probably equivalent to a real extract of about 5x . i'd suggest not going over 12 mgs . note : you'll need a bong . the smoke is ... hey , i think iq tests are useless , so i'd never judge you for that :D also , one of the classifications of insanity is deviance ( then personal discomfort , then self-detriment ) . because the ... aye , but the data which the ti computes is supplied by the ne . if your ne can't take in the surroundings , you act and make conclusions based on bias , rather than reality . the fe inferior function ... using 3.5 ( the superiorist game ) chaos : creativity , self-centred ideology , less consistent , less static , less planned . law : discipline , order , tradition , efficiency , idealism good : idealism , ... kind of . obliviousness implies simple unawareness . the point above implies an ability to be aware , and yet filter out what you don't want to see . so , it has come to my attention as of late that i suffer from a pretty unique intp problem : a conflict between introverted thinking and extroverted intuition . by that , i mean i have a very weak ... there is a difference between personal and absolute truth . most people say the world is meaningless if they consider it meaningless in absolute terms . the love of debate ? we aren't ever ... there is a difference between personal and absolute truth . most people say the world is meaningless if they consider it meaningless in absolute terms . the love of debate ? we aren't ever ... hehe , i caught it anyways ! insanity is indeed greater . there have been many studies which link both ingenuity and creativity to mental illness . what can i say , we walk a dangerous but mostly ... uh oh , them be fightin ' words . i'm most certainly not a pessimist . relativism and existentialism are neither self-destructive nor irrational . again , i know the intp tendency is to debate , but ... yup . i appreciate our craziness . ah , see here i expose my lack of genre knowledge . i use the word pop to describe popular music . meaning that would mostly preclude the notion of non-mainstream pop . when i think pop music , i ... that's your definition of meaning . but in no way should your opinion apply to the fabric of reality . you essentially just agreed with me , but missed on the philosophical point . regardless . yes , ... yup . i dig it . in the context you propose , that is . i consider life to be impossible to fail at objectively , since life is inherently meaningless . but that might just prove your point . i don't ... i lurves me nfs . feelings ? i share myself openly , but i suppose it's mostly distant analysis , which makes most people think i'm being open and intimate even when i'm not . beware the i am this ... tell us directly . intps will never get it unless told in absolute concrete terms . say i dont want to be with you . extinguish all hope . intps are great at not giving up if there is a single iota ... nooo ! i absolutely hate pop music in general . i may be biased in this , but i find more intps who like metal , classical pieces , and even high class underground hip-hop ( doseone , y society , aesop ... i feed on passion . i need it . intellect is a passion , connection is a passion . if anything , the intps i have met are the most passionate people i know . passion is the driving force behind the ... hmmm indecisiveness . sometimes i'm so indecisive in the presence of other people that it's total paralysis . i can't do anything unless i'm actually told to . self-doubt . always there , always ... i'm trying to amass some data on what personality types like which types . i can google it , but i'd rather get personal accounts . i am absolutely repulsed by most esfps ( except one , but she's ... carlin was an intp . he was too theoretical to be an s , too open minded as well . s's are necessarily slightly more biased than n's because a fact-based mind which most s's posses requires belief in ... ^ i ilu you too ! haha , i think people envy us . honestly , i cannot imagine a better type than intp ... although it does make functioning in society a little hard ... could you imagine a world in ... ah , this site is so lovely ... i have never actually met another intp ... it's so sad ... i try to tell people about my epiphanies , and then they look at me like wut ? why do you think about that ... precisely my point . thank you for summing it up for me . the reason i think this is because p is opposite to j , n is opposite to s , there should be no overlap . humans by nature dislike that ... my understanding is from the perspective of gestalt psychology . there are two levels to the mbti , the fundamental and the socialized aspect . it is possible to be genetically predisposed to a type , ... to be quite honest , that was a fairly unsatisfactory response ... can you justify that ? or be more specific ? i don't think it would be possible to want to change your fundamental type , i think ... i have recently been thinking ( har har ) and i wondered to myself , is it possible for someone to truly wish they were an f , when they are a t ? and i came to the conclusion that no , that is simply ... '