' top 30 1 . the spirit of the beehive 2 . y tu mama tambien 3 . badlands 4 . five easy pieces 5 . before sunrise 6 . a heart in winter 7 . au revoir les enfants claires knee . one of the best movies ive seen in a long time . french dialogue is so engaging yah again very similar to anh in this regard as that was as a very narrow film rhat mostly focused on small group of people consrantly just escaping danger . safe is what best describes tfa imo , ... heard this song in a brief club scene in the movie aftershock and immediately needed to know what it is https://youtube.com/watch?v=jQQsB7SI7tQ thouht tfa was alright just way to similar to anh in many aspects , mostly because it was soo action heavy throughout . i literally thought the movie was hitting tbe 2/3 rds mark when it ended because i ... yeah some of the shots in the conformist are crazy . the birdeyes dance sequence stood out for me whats your list ? the spirit of the beehive y tu mama tambien a heart in winter badlands before sunrise the conformist five easy pieces au revoir les enfants murmur of the heart la belle noiseuse https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uldQEKI9zdk do you not think that your responses are interchangeable ? scenario 2 of hitting the non-freewill entity until it learns is perfectly applicable in a deterministic world also . the entire reason of ... but you would act against it directly , given the correct conditions . right ? my issue is that your behaviour doesn't seem to change whether we're in a deterministic world or a free will world , and ... our entire conversation has been about the question of how can we justify holding non-free willed / deterministic entities to account even though they don't have free will . you earlier said that if ... wait . this entire conversation started because you stated that without free will - ie in a deterministic world - we would have to excuse everything because people aren't responsible for their ... some decisions are dependent on my wants and desires , so yes , i do at times feel free , according to your definition . are you suggesting that if the bacteria had knowledge of the lava , that ... anything that does not have free-will , is what i was trying to get across . aren't these two words a pair , i mean , can something have a will and not be free ? if so , please explain wait , ... you claimed that no one can be held responsible in a determinstic world because it is not them performing the actions , per se , and that we would just have to excuse everything . what i'm then ... define free . yes . you still havent explained the leap between determinism and excusing everything . yes , the response would , in part , be about poor guy , he was brought up in bad circumstances and the ... if it can all be determined then you will not be choosing , as you earlier stated yourself . how so ? people in a determinist world still have preferences and values that they want to uphold and enforce . it does not follow that they must just excuse everything . please explain how you arrive at this ... if a choice can be 100 % predicted then that choice is limited to one result . they both matter ... me1 ' s vast world of adventure and mystery and , in some major instances , fairly plausible sci-fi elements made for one of the best gaming experiences i have ever had . then me2 came along and threw it ... this question likely applies to people who believe in an afterlife . i mean , giving a big fuck you ! to the world and then reconvening back in the heaven would be super awkward .. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=urt2cy7AqFs#t=1m00s recently watched proxy ( 2013 ) and thought it was terrific . really unpredictable events that kept me guessing and some of the characters were beautifully fucked up . handled itself with a finesse that ... personally , i'm not going to put myself in potentially negative scenarios for no benefit . congrats to you though if youre willing to take that risk , i applaud your actions . that's completely false . seen it . love it . 10 ) au revoir les enfants 9 ) 2001 : a space odyssey 8) a heart in winter 7 ) there will be blood 6 ) fight club 5 ) five easy pieces 4 ) before sunrise 3 ) badlands 2 ) y tu mama tambien 1 ) the ... amazing show for 5 episodes , crappy show thereafter the wire . the other show isn't even playing on the same gameboard i've smoked for sporadic periods , mostly due to having something to do at breaks and when my friends go for smokes . plus i like the head rush . lately though i've gone off them because they make my ... because what is the point of stealth being the most viable option in a stealth game ? it's absurd i hate when stealth games do that to me one of the major charms of french film / culture is how the people seem to openly speak their thoughts to one another , with little impact of social restraint . there's a detachment about it , a ... you mean there's a separate mission for a chaos playthrough ? finished . didn't manage to achieve a full ghost playthrough as there were a couple of times where killing felt necessary , and the detection meter screwed me over once or twice ( only realised i had ... what is the rationale behind your conclusion ? under the umbrella of market logic it makes perfect sense for cures to be suppressed by those who stand to lose from it , just like any new advancement which challenges a self-preserving ... cool . i'm guessing the purple star significance is taken from the dlc ? i've just finished the story mode so will be starting them soon :D for the next game i want to play as emily and for it to be ... are you serious about the tattoo ? if so what would you get ? i read the first game sold beyond expectations so it makes sense for a sequel because it doesn't make sense looks like we now agree to agree . s'all good and how does this tie into the responsibility aspect of your previous statement : life's not complicated , and it's the insistence of idiots trying to complicate it that make it appear anything ... i deliberately avoid such items because i'm reluctant to carry anything of immediate value on my person . case in point , i left my crappy nokia on a travel bus a few months back ... yeah it sucked , but ... i don't think any sane person would hold a newborn child to a 100 % responsibility of their actions . why ? because they haven't digested an apt amount of influence . ie . you asked you either choose ... yeah , well , i have the tattoo on my left hand ! ( just kidding ) you know that they are making a new dishonored for next-gen ? * drools * you are not using my logic . i have explicitly stated that it is not violence whenever the violence is of one's permission , and likewise i already stated that the vast majority of people would ... i consider a person dying of starvation , when it is unnecessary , as a form of violence , yes it is completely relevant because it's a determining factor on what can be considered violent . if ... '