that is exactly how i see infps . too adorable . in halo campaigns , i have literally cleared entire levels without going through a single mag of ammo . i just like to sneak around the sides and melee people to death . i also like being a sniper where ... like half of everything you have posted in this thread has been complaining about intps . what is your problem ? eh , we are on an internet forum , i think its more than justified . also , i can't help but agree with him in some modified sense . i look forward to the time when i am able to quit my job for no apparent reason and sustain a living based on my savings . i need to fast forward 40 years to my retirement . i had to go get a new modem earlier this week , so i was without internet for a night . that was a hard night . i did end up watching a movie , reading some philosophy and solving a rubik's cube 67 times . i would butcher something like that so hard . with an inferior fe and poor verbalization of the thoughts in my head , i could see myself saying incoherent sentences due to the fluctuation of my random ... i have a feeling that no matter which type is in majority , intj will dominate the group . when it comes to cigarettes , i like to think i am not addicted . most days i go without smoking , but sometimes there is nothing nicer than sitting in my thoughts with a cigarette . like just now i ... i also work in a coffee shop , and let me tell you , i know that feeling . when i am making drinks i tend not to talk with others , except to be cordial in handing out the drinks and answering questions ... oh yeah . i made a mistake and pushed it too far , i admit it . this is my attempt at self-depricating humor with the purpose of humility . i think you just witnessed one of her confrontations with a dumbass male . thank you . reading over this , i started to realize how much of it made sense and was relatable for me , yet i had never seen it written before . at the beginning of this , you implored that i be open and willing to adapt my thinking and reasoning based on the arguments you have presented . i have been more than compliant and have done my best ... this is quite enlightening , and i will probably find it useful , but i think there is some miscommunication / misunderstanding still occurring . first , sandy is probably the most prevalent of slc ... as long as you don't date my sister , we have a deal . also , i probably wouldn't mind dealing with you . i haven't met someone that i know to be entp and disliked . i refuse . well , i just went through and did the test and i got 5w6 , but my secondary type was 9 . i had a clear advantage with 5 , though , while 9 and 6 had very comparable scores . i went through and read the ... i don't know my enneagram , but i know that this isn't rare from intps . its one of the general bases that i use to determine between intj and intp . that last post was meant to by hyperbole though .  ... heh . funny . yeah , i am in sandy . maybe i just don't get out enough , but from my experience the gay community is much more open . yes . it means that i have explored the idea , and all conflicting theories , to the extent whereas i am comfortable believing that it cannot be refuted . trust me , this is still much better than an ... everything in my being is telling me to abandon this thread because i sense conflict arising , but for the good of both of us , i am making an effort to combat that . first i just want to say , that i ... umm , i am unsure as to how to answer this . we both talk and we both listen ... at least for myself , i generally try to understand someone's logic behind a point that i disagree with , but it isn't always as openly as you make it sound . i often see things as blatantly obvious and ... like has been said in the thread already , i think you are assuming qualities that are very similar to an intj , not intp . since it is heavily dependent on my ne , my ti is always striving to gain more ... i am not trying to do it for her benefit . it is primarily the only way i can truly begin to empathize . if i don't understand their emotions or the rationale that led them there , then i don't have a ... you are not long-winded , you are expressive . if you took that long and didn't come up with several meaningful , concise points , then you would be long winded . your post was very informative and i ... you sure ? while it will never be my purpose to offend , my curiosity will stop at nothing and i will eventually pose a question that will seem belligerent and insensitive . my mind is like a vortex , a ... how did you get into my head ? thanks , your ness excites but frustrates me . it makes me think back to my days playing super smash on the n64 and my inability to play with ness , but somehow always lose to him . who am i kidding , my questions will never end . maybe not the last question i will have , but we are getting there . since you seem to know both types quite well , do i need to be as emotionally supportive with an infj as i had to be with an infp ? i ... now i understand why this pairing is often seen as advantageous . i guess i am just used to infp and the constant swirl of emotions running around . not to say anything bad , i love infps . hey , i think i know an nt ... but seriously , let me reiterate . i am intp , honesty is no issue at all . honesty isn't really an issue for me , the bigger issue is being reserved with the thoughts that may been seen as offensive or could cause conflict . i abhor conflict . i guess my biggest issue is ... i am starting a new relationship with an infj and i was wondering if you guys had any tips for me or anything that i ought to keep an eye out for . so far the relationship is going well and it seems ... i love intj's minds . i love the way they think and being able to pose them with any question that is on my mind , and they can tell me what their opinion of truth is . the only downside is that i ... alright , might be the wrong thread , but anything i aught to keep an eye out for going in ? life would be better if i had a cat . or a boat . or if i would keep my mouth shut when being pedantic , but i keep my mouth shut too often . i need to open up more . screw that , opening up sucks i want ... i just started a relationship with an infj , don't make me scared of it . while i can sympathize with you in spirit , grabbing anyone's face and shouting anything is far too confrontational . i'll just explain myself a little quieter one last time then retreat back into my ... you guys aren't the only ones . i get called pedantic too much when i am just trying to show someone else something that interests me . 1 . ) 40 living at home in their parents basement . i don't plan on this . however , i am 20 and living in my parents ' basement . 2 . ) 40 year old virgin again only 20 , but i just started a good ... i'm in . you listed intp twice in the subject line , which must be your brain telling you subconsciously that you are an intp . that being said , you aren't intp . if i had to determine based off of what you ... i was hoping for longer , but am generally satisfied with the content . what ? too much information ? i cannot make logical sense of those words in that pattern . in all honesty , let me be the first to formally request you make that post . i find that i am not creative in the traditional sense . if i am given an idea or a base then i can expound upon it to almost no end , but i have trouble coming up with an original initial concept . ... i currently own 2 types of cologne , and have never bought the stuff for myself . if i ever decide to do something out of the ordinary , like voluntarily spend my free time with other people , i will put ...