extreme and utterly hopelesse romanticism . growth : turning dreams into reality . fantasy > competency . [ / quote ] wow how do you do that ? i don't yet have a very strong grasp of it , but this is how i live it . for me , being sx dom just adds to the conflict . sx vs 9 : energy vs rest 4 vs 9 : truth vs peace 7 vs 9 : adventure vs comfort ... hey all ! i'm starting a thread for this tritype . anything is welcome . for myself , i recently decided i have a 947 tritype , with a core of 9w8 . not sure about the order after that , 7w8 and ... i think that for every type and person , the only reason to change one's vote for an unanimous vote would be if it was more advantageous that way . it's just that the causes of it being more ... true . suppose i'm extroverted , what type would i be ? hey everyone , in the end , i told my parents only a few small things to test them . their reaction showed me that they can only accept me as their perfect product who meets their quality ... makes sense , thanx . why i over e though ? that's how most people type me . what makes you think that ? everything about her . it's not even a question for me . it's funny , aside from rare exceptions , i'm able to type everyone around me , but i can't type myself . hey ! thanx , sorry it took so long to reply . the thing is , my mom is an istj and we work and think in completely different ways . one thing i forgot to mention , my friends accuse me of ... 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... ok , like what ? i don't really have patience to write long answers to questionnaires , and i was sort of hoping this would at least negate some types . what could i be , based on this information alone ? i'm a girl , if that helps , though i've noticed these dynamics with both girls and guys . what is your mbti type ? xstp what would you consider your deepest rooted fear ? being trapped , rejection , being vulnerable , and i think more , but they are too subconscious . which of your fears ... i have this problem exactly with my mom , an istj , who's also closed-minded to these kind of theories . : rolleyes : : frustrating : does some kind of sj fit ? just wondering ... when you need to be alone to unwind to be able to go to sleep ? infj introvert ( 78 % ) intuitive ( 38 % ) feeling (8 8 % ) judging ( 56 % ) you have strong preference of introversion over extraversion ( 78 % ) you have moderate preference of intuition over sensing ( 38 % ) you ... bxat . for the x , i'm definitely not a , about b , i'm confident in my abilities to find new friends , and about c , i'm confident in my abilities to flow with my mistakes in life . i don't know what i ... a little about myself , yes , and also just to clear up a lot of past things , how i really felt and was affected by their past behavior to me . there are many differences between us that have caused ... so you're saying it's best if i just go ahead now and do what i want ? well , i'm taking a break next year and leaving , but after that i'll be back , i don't know how long . i want this cleared up before next year , so that i know exactly what i'm coming back to and i don't ... i've never fully opened up before , and any time i partially opened up , it usually ended with lots of stress and more misunderstanding . if i write a letter , they might still misunderstand , and then ... allergic to stifling . contents may pop unexpectedly . should stifling or popping occur , leave the vicinity immediately . for best results , join the fun , maintain a high level of stimulation , ... is opening up to controlling parents a good idea or will i just get hurt ? i think family is important , and i don't want to hurt my parents , but i do need to live my own life and figure things out on ... uh ... i can answer yes to all of them :) i'm xstp btw . no tears , but on the verge of crying . extreme stress and frustration , whenever something that bothers me that i've suppressed for a very long time comes up , whenever someone actually gets me ... thanx . i relate to most of these responses , but nothing specific enough to tell me which one i am , since i think most people would relate to at least some of these responses , so whatever . i think ... estp jewish what were you like when you were 3-7 years old ? btw , while the stiffness is a stereotype of estj , in many ways they are not like that , and certainly not younger healthy ones . not commanding ... actually , estj . there's a ' control ' element to your responses which esfps don't have . you seem very well-rounded and healthy . that combined with estj leadership and affected by your tritype would ... every person has different aspects to them . you are writing about finn , not an estp stereotype . besides , estps can lash out emotionally , can cry , and can succeed at anything they put their minds too , ... female xstp . all depends on my mood , no set habits . i usually end up being healthy though , because i like to move , and i prefer the taste of most healthy foods over junk food . my biggest challenge is ... i don't relate at all to 6 , 1 and 4 ( except about 4 , i like drawing attention to unique positive things about me - a bit of an individualist ) . i think i'm id driven . based on that , what type am i most ... thanks , i relate to some of what you wrote , but not everything or to the same extent . i'm still not sure . i'll wait for more responses and whatever . just another question , do istp's or estp's tend to ... i'm not sure . i have little patience for it . it usually involves a lot of sympathy , empathy , back and forth , reassurance , confusion , etc . it's easy to say something that will upset the person more ... ok then . true . i guess your way just differs from others ... like everyone else ... just take care not to hurt people because of it . i came here for curiosity's sake . i'm sort of bouncing around ... i would have also thought so , maybe not for long , but it would definitely make a short interesting conversation . i don't know . weird . i wonder if he's purposely putting up a front of total ... you could also follow his lead . in the first conversation , he said it's stupid , so you can ask him why . that might have led to an interesting debate . for the second conversation , it seem he was just ... estp's : - do you have strong concentration skills ? - do you enjoy and / or need a break for peace , quiet and solitude when you have a packed schedule going over a long period of time ? - are you quiet ... the xntj thing was just out of curiosity , nothing to do with the rest . about the rest , yes about the different approaches . it gets even more complicated because they also differ with each person ... judis , are you xntj by any chance ? anyway , emotional reactions evolve differently than logical reactions . applying the way logical reactions work to emotional reactions is pointless and can hurt ... pro-life . after conception , the baby has a right to live . it no longer belongs to the mother . why is it different from killing a born baby ? ( if it endangers the mother , it's a different story , the ... using ti as a tool when necessary fits with me . what does constant ti look like with aux . se ? also , what is the difference between ti and ni ? showing se behaviors to other people . se is always on , i can't think of a time when i don't use it , but i don't show it to other people . by se behavior , i mean specifically aggressive and spontaneous ... have you ever been in a situation where you hid your se from other people ? as a kid ? if as a kid , are you more introverted and inhibited as a result ? what would you say about someone who hid their se ... my sister is an infp 4w5 . we can have some good conversations which , along with a mental reminder that we're sisters , help us stay close . we shared a room from when she was born = : frustrating : ... mother : istj + father : enfp = me : istp sister : infp brother : enfj sister : esfp sister : esfj sister : estj very interesting but close dynamics with strong nf + a little sj influenece ... still ... 6.5 / 10 i was very well-liked and friends with almost everyone . i went group hopping a lot ( whichever was doing stuff i wanted to do at the moment ) or kept to myself . i had no close friends because ...