' we'd like to think that way , i'd like to think that way . sounds elegant . speaks highly of the individual . we like to think of ourselves highly . and that's not imposed , or created . that's an intristic ... yep . and it costed me more than a few job interviews . and a couple relationship opportunities . i feel very comfortable with extroverted women , not that i'm so high and mighty , i look down on your unnecessary presence types , the other ones . i mean , i'm not much of a talker , sometimes i don't ... i'll probably regret doing this . constantly cutting / scraping my fingernails . i can't stand any amount of elongated fingernails . they must be as short as physically possible . when i touch my fingertips and feel a fingernail i go ... turn ons - cuteness - no make up ( and still being pretty ) - reading spinoza - playing dark souls and total war - being rational turn offs - heavy make up - intense perfume disregarding this whole project looking like a con ( picking up unqualified people and turning this into a reality show , really ? ) , i don't understand why anyone with a sane mind would willingly go to ... you are asking , how do we correct our false reasoning with our apparently false reasoning ? well , the brain works in mysterious ways i guess . - my dear , our world is hopelessly boring . therefore , there can be no telepathy , or apparitions , or flying saucers , nothing like that . the world is ruled by cast-iron laws , and it ’ s insufferably ... hah . i know this guy . he is the leader of some kind of twisted religius cult . his books are written by ghost writes who are followers of his cult . i doubt if he could even write down his own name . 50 days ? i can't imagine anything interesting happening in my life in next 50 years . i had thought a visual version of this when i was a kid . i always lost my stuff and imagined a radar detector whichs shows where my items are . like that portable radar in dragonball . i guess it ... “ no mortal can keep a secret . if the lips are silent , he chatters with his fingertips ; betrayal oozes out of him at every pore . ” “ dogs love their friends and bite their enemies , quite unlike ... well , it's close enough . however , the shape of male symbol clearly looks like an erected penis . look at that arrow head , come on , even the angle is the same . come to think of it , there must be reason why it is pink . perhaps pink represents vagina in our subconcious . because you know , it's pink . or perhaps i've been reading too much freud lately . yeah i was afraid someone would interpret this way . i was trying to think of an example of something ridiculously un-cost efficient . i meant creating the whole universe for intelligent life is ... if we assume there is an intelligent design , we must then ask , what purpose does this intelligent desing serve ? if the answer is to create intelligent life , we must then ask , why are there ... i understand his situation , i've been there . it's pure desperation . you can study all week day and night and you may not understand a damn thing . you fail your exams and all you can do is think about ... okay , okay i'll tell you where the money is , dont kill me :P too many princess brides in this thread , i might as well watch it . movies ( i have too many favorite movies , even top 20 wouldn't cut it ) 5 ) pulp fiction 4 ) stalker 3 ) the truman show 2 ) memento ... in high school i skipped a lot because it was a waste of time . it was easy to get high grades and they taught pretty much nothing relevant in classes . in university , first years , i skipped a lot ... i strongly believe i'll win the lottery . and this gives me another reason to discredit beliefs . i̇t is in despair that we find the most acute pleasure , especially when we are aware of the hopelessness of the situation . x93gentlemen , let us suppose that man is not stupid . ( indeed one cannot ... it took me years of questioning before i got on that train . i was quite religious until i stopped believing in it . not everything tho . i never doubted astrology is bullshit or faith healers are charlatans . it's not exactly a strategy game . it's still a mmo and i have a friend who plays lol 12 hours a day . it's not healty really . while saying this , i play dota every day . i accept it is a great game but ... now tolkien is quality reading . i also can recommend good books proper for his age . if he is into fantasy reading , the dark tower series by stephen king and a song of ice and fire by george r . r ... books and video games provide more insight and experience than say , partying with friends . you should encourage him to read quality books and play quality video games . i felt my brain is overheating half way through and i gave up . i hate under with passion . 58400 oh no , that's an unrealistic goal . intelligent people have always been and will always be a minority . plus i don't believe in making plans for after my death . when i die my reality ends there . you ... he obviosly hasn't been in a relationship for a very long time and there is a possibility he's never been in one . this can explain why he is so timid about it . he has huge concerns . he thinks he is ... at the high school i came from , there were two options for us : engineering and medicine . we weren't forced or anything but in our mindset other majors were out of question because we were super ... it doesn't matter . being smart is useless without motivation and being sexy is useless without self esteem . i have neither . i don't believe in the concept of belief . i hate it . i get exhausted quickly . when i get exhausted , i don't have energy to think . therefore i can't think . when i can't think i can't hear that voice in my head . then i feel very lonely . iron man is definitely extraverted . hulk on the other hand might very well be an intp ( when he is not hulk ) . i never understood how baseball works . apparently strike means miss and that defies my logic so bad i can't focus on anything else . i ignore back harder . take that ! on a scale from 1-10 how : 1 . happy are you ? - 5 2 . socially skilled are you ? - 1 3 . lazy are you ? - 9 4 . emotional are you ? - 4 statistically a gun in a house is more likely to kill one of the residents than an intruder . i don't know how they deal with the litter problem in japan therefore i can't relate it with gun ... gta v , rome 2 total war , dark souls 2 , soul sacrifice . making buying a semi-automatic rifle as easy as buying a candy from a store doesn't help either . a sociopath with an m16 is much more dangerous than a sociopath with a kitchen knife . japan has the ... the problem with analyzing death is we cannot comprehend death . it is nonexistence but we can't imagine nonexistence . hence there is no logical way comparing it with life and saying i'd be better ... i'd let only the most intelligent 1 % reproduce . welcome to the next step of human evolution ! i've been playing civ 5 and i think it's rather shallow compared to total war series . try oblivion and fallout 3 . not at all , i'm gonna be a wizard when i turn 30 . some guys on 4chan told me so . i don't even trust myself . i can't see myself marrying in any other way . i have no social skills , never dated anyone and have absoltely no idea how to develop a relationship . so why the hell not ? '