' i met my wife through her cousin , who was my next-door neighbor . me and her cousin used to hang out and smoke weed all the time , and she had a house-party one night , and that's where i met my girl . ... i suppose that i wouldn't expect a person to understand , unless they have the rationale to place themselves into the other person's shoes , and experience what they have experiencing . imagine that ... yah i guess i could make them myself , but i'm too lazy to do that . i just want to take them out of the box and stick em in the oven . i'm sure that won't be a problem . neither my wife nor i are very restrictive people ; i'm all for letting people do whatever they want to do - as long as it does not infringe upon another person's ... so , i wake up this morning , and retrieve the morning newspaper from the lawn outside ( where else would a lawn be , duhh ) . i'm perusing through the ads , to see which grocery store i shall do my weekly ... i shall invent a personality test for babies then . i'll put it on okcupid.com so that everybody can find out their babies ' personality type as well . one of the questions would be : if you put on ... that in love feeling is merely the result of the hormone oxytocin . it is also released during labor in the female pregnancy process . oxytocin is responsible for the feelings of trust , bonding , ... i love the stooges , and slapstick comedy . one of my favorite channels is tcm , especially when they show the old comedies . thanks , and i can't wait ! i don't expect it to be too difficult . sure , the first few years will be a challenge , but i'm up for a good challenge . i'm incredibly laid back and accepting of things ... old enough to know better , still too young to care :) i'm intp ; she's intj ; will definitely be interesting . i think it's just and dandy . what do you think about it ? heh , i can definitely related to this one . when my wife got home from yesterday , i told her about my latest findings on amazon that i had ordered , and tried to explain my excitement to her , but it ... no idea how i adjusted . when she told me that she might be pregnant , i felt strangely excited - kind of a nervous feeling - butterflies and knots in my stomach . the entire trip to the store , this ... thanks :) it's a passion of mine . if i weren't so lazy , and could actually finish something that i started , i could one day fulfill my dream of being a published author . until then , i make due ... ignore all previous advice . bake us brownies , cupcakes , apple pie , and just because it's the season for it , tons of pumpkin pie ! i , for one , would listen to whatever you have to say if you brought ... well , i've always said that i don't want children . my wife has known the entire time that we've been together that i didn't want children . but now that it's happened ( it wasn't planned ) , i'm ... it all started one fateful weekend . i was at boy scout camp for the weekend , and the scoutmaster took us snipe hunting . i was left alone in the night , with the 3 other guys in my little group , ... meh , i just roll with it . life is life . people are people . they are vastly different , yet strikingly similar . it's what makes part of this life experience fun and interesting . all you people sicken me , with this facade you all put on ; listing all these movies that you say are your favorite . it's all so pretentious , and it disgusts me . admit it , every last one of you ... thanks ! i know it'll be one heck of a ride , but i look forward to it . last night when she told me , after the initial excitement and stuff was over , and i was rubbing her tummy , i asked her ... found out last night , woohoo ! that's all , just wanted to share :D romy & michelle mean girls any jennifer aniston romantic chick flick any chick flick for that matter sex & the city 1 and 2 debbie does dallas . that new music video by katy perry - the one ... so very true . my wife has to deal with all the petty drama that comes with having coworkers and direct reports . so naturally , when she gets home from work , she wants to tell me about said drama . ... i don't want to become an intp that does stuff . i'm rather content with procrastination , or getting other people to do stuff for me . anybody else like fluffernutter sammiches ? : tongue : http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_I3NfGudET84/TJep4qEGONI/AAAEBk/Cj5PnaHA2Tw/s1600/b_fluffernutter.jpg yah , but it gets really old hearing about lindsay lohan and her latest drug problem , or if i watched american idol ( or whatever pointless reality tv show ) . i can only feign interest for so long . yah , the 2 posters above me already covered this - talk about our interests . since you have a close relationship with the 2 intp's , then it should be fairly easy for you to do this . and i ... when my wife wants to buy the cheaper store brand of mac n cheese - nothing is better than kraft ! ( well , except for home made , but i don't always feel like 30 minute food preparation , plus cooking ... i still think this way from time to time , but i always have to tell myself exactly what you do i'm the same as them ... the last time i went through it was a few months ago , and i ended up in a ... you do realize that you are repeating these same cycles as well , don't you ? i assume you're referring to his book discipline & punish : the birth of the prison ? damn living in costa rica ! i want to read this book today . grrr . oh well , it'll be here in about a week - ... yah , i was in a depressed state . the rest of the time , i just choose to ignore such things . i haven't yet read up on foucault . i shall do that now :) heh , yah i know ; it's pretty long . i guess to sum it up , i'd say ... us humans are weird :) a bit long , i know . i wrote this a few months back during a small bit of depression , and i just found it when recently cleaning out my documents folder ... * * * where ... even trees ? humans are animals . i like your post ; i don't know what i would do in the heat of the moment . my logic says i would try to save the human first , then attempt to save my dog - but i guess it's impossible to know what a ... i have nothing to add except for ... awww , sooo adorable ! chili dogs for all ! ! who's bringing the chips and dip and beer ? would you still be saying the same if it were you that indirectly killed your grandmother ? i would feel nothing - as i would be dead . i would say that a lot of what people do is because ... lol - thanks for the laugh :) my cats would never ever be near water - dumb cats , hahahaha . yah , i didn't want to get into specifics - such as how hot the person is , or if it's a child , etc . , ... that is a selfish reason . by your own words , you would be saving them because of the pleasure you would derive from knowing that you helped them . as to your question - what do i gain from losing ... but what makes that life worth saving ? you get nothing out of it . in all likelihood , you will not benefit from it - you will instead suffer . when most of us die , we don't leave behind a legacy . ... then by that token , it would be your selfish desires that wish the stranger alive . you don't care about the person ; you care about how it might make you feel by letting that person die . no , a ... and what if when the police and paramedics show up , they inform you that they had been looking for that person , because he had killed 3 children , and you had just saved his life . so now your beloved ... so , what makes you think that the life of a human is more valuable than that of another ? your ego ? so , as much as you say that you love your dogs , you love a complete stranger more than them ? your dogs would give their life for you . your dogs shower you with love , attention , affection , and ... wow , i really don't understand how somebody could save a stranger vs a member of their own family , even if it is ' just ' a pet . just because my dog is not fluent in english , does not make her any ... why is a human life more valuable than an animals ? you don't think that animals eat humans ? no , they are equally in danger of dying . your dog dies , or the stranger dies . take your pick .  ... '