' buy someone else's failure for peanuts , make it a success , profit . * if you have dependents , work for someone else who offers great benefits . what did you have in mind for a business ? i learned pretty early on how to do good in school with minimal effort . i recall in the fourth grade a school wide book reading competition . as a way to prove you read a certain book you would have ... you should clean your keyboard or get a new one . you've lost your g . it is hard to be considered patriotic when someone calls you out for being non-patriotic . who would cast votes for someone who isn't patriotic ? the way he almost snapped , as you put it , was purely ... * skeptical * what are your sources ? my understanding is that while it could be possible , like < 1 % . it would be very highly unlikely to get a sti from a handy . you know , when we bought our house , we didn't have a washer and dryer for the first 6 months or so . i freaking loved going to the laundromat . stuff all our shit into one or two machines , do whatever ... i copied these quotes and sent them to my wife . she thought that i had written them . i still get amazed at how complete strangers can be so similar to me . barnacle . i'd be just hanging out , catching a free ride , on a whale or boat . how fuck are we supposed to know ? ! it is hard to explain if you've never experienced bad sex or in your case ... sex . try to relate it to pizza ( or favorite food of choice ) . there is great pizza , good pizza , and in a very rare instance ... lol you are such a fucking naive infj . i mean that endearingly . my infj was once like you . she wanted to be in love and have everything perfect before busting that cherry . so in stereotypical ... i had to clarify this statement to my infj wife as well , she believed i used the wrong word , i digress . in context , i was using the word shallow to mean lacking in depth of knowledge , thought , or ... when was the last time you went out in public and saw a bunch of people fucking or jilling off , squirting all over the place ? you haven't . people don't do that . instead , you invite a stranger , ... virgins get a pass . you don't know many estps huh ? lol . i think that because words equate to action for me . have fun going off and fucking yourself . kind of defeats the purpose of finding someone to share the intimate experience of orgasaming , no ? i take it you've never had the displeasure of bad sex . : x connection and trust is important for me as well . sex can just as easily , and quicker in ways , bridge the gap with some one you're ... is waiting something people do ? wasting my time to get to know you , only to find out you're terrible at the sex is a huge turn off . schedules or distances aside , if you ain't keeping up with my ... nailed it . i would include anyone i truly admire or respect saying they are disappointed with something i did . i do enjoy trying to fix someone who is broken . i could never make it in the profession however , i don't have the patience for the damaged goods to rehabilitate itself . due to some court mandated ... haircuts . i'm sorry but when i am getting my haircut , i don't want to talk to you . i don't know you , i can't hear you well , and i won't be seeing you again until 30-45 days from now . so shut up , ... yeah i know that now . i wish i had the confidence and knowledge back then to let the shit fly . bro ... there isn't time to sit around and think about nonsensical crap , we are too busy doing ... i am not quite sure i agree with you . when it comes to the feels , i have a problem describing them too . in my college art classes , we had to create artists statements for our work . i was fucking ... freedom , someone who laughs when i insult them , intelligence , trust , good lay , and a cool ass sidekick who i can impress . sex is pretty important . i suppose my feelings about time before we get it ... i'm happy with sex or drugs or on occasion food . ha . i get this a lot in my job . i've been reported as sexist , racist , and discriminatory . i can't stand it because it is too easy for people to use differences as a means to a defense . what the ... wife , infj , and i were together for 7 years dating on and off and on and off and on and off and on and off and on . mostly due to my indecisiveness . if you like the dude , don't put too much pressure ... wife , infj , and i were together for 7 years dating on and off and on and off and on and off and on and off and on . mostly due to my indecisiveness . if you like the dude , don't put too much pressure ... my wife absolutely sucks at packing a dishwasher . it really does piss me off . liars are my number one trigger . https://youtu.be/0SmyATAYsNs this scene from zootopia had me crying from ... https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ObdC3uhPeEY/hqdefault.jpg when my shit gets vandalized , it pisses me off ! there is a thread or discussion on the topic somewhere in this forum already . no don't do those things . do something new which involves other people . team sports , social club , volunteering , theatre , classes , etc . currently my time is filled with family life , work , and ... go do something new and different . https://cdn.meme.am/cache/instances/folder248/500x/66729248.jpg i never said he wasn't a narcissist . i said he doesn't have narcissist personality disorder . its my platform because it is impossible to prove that he does have npd . just because some doctors said ... every estp shows enough traits to probably be diagnosed npd and adhd and asd . doesn't mean shit . as a start , give me a specific example of what leads you to believe he isn't estp or is has npd . ugh ! you guys don't understand , well some of you do , trump is an estp . if you can't understand why , it is because you're not an estp . the narcissism isn't real . there is no disorder . everything ... i tend to like great movies and disney tends to make a good number of them . regarding b & b , the movie was on tv on christmas eve , i sat down with the family to watch it . the ballroom scene starts ... cuz it is fun and you make great company . there could be feelings but the inconvenience of the travelling schedule makes a relationship illogical . try breckenridge or any other slopes between there and boulder . dp took the nut with grace . we cool . c u next tuesday . ;) that is where you are wrong . i'm a lover , not a fighter . let me know when you're ready for this salty nut i'm working up for you . please try not to choke on it . http://www.cameronherold.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/Chicken-Shit.jpg go suck on some salty nuts . https://youtu.be/ZDUq9BBr3bA ladies , ladies , ladies . as the current estp elder of this thread , let me try to ease the tension a little bit . i think we can all agree drunk parrot is the biggest ... there have definitely been times i could relate to this . i feel you . i never really considered or realized that fit people are usually the people with a trainer . makes sense though , a wealthy person likely pays someone else to manage their wealth . ah ... well here is hoping you get a lot of hot guys and gals to train and no fatties . '