' first of all , thank you for responding . i read up on personality theory quite some time back and told myself that i would only find my place in that system once i understood it . unfortunately , some ... thanks for trying . if you think youre wrong then its either because you lack knowlege on the enneagram or you didnt read the entire post . if that didnt allow you to reach a conclusion and you felt ... well , thank you . that was just mbti so its not over yet . i had the same thread posted in the enneagram section . guess what , the tests cant do that . thats one of the benefits of perc and posting on ... haha its not about being special and has nothing to do with me not being a stereotype . what i meant by stating that was the method of typing , nothing to do with me . i get what you mean . however , ... hello . i created a thread in the whats my personality type forum and figured that the info in there might just meet the requirements for this subtopic . in terms of finding my enneagram type . so , ... hi . im new here . i have been reading up on mbti and enneagram and socionics quite a bit and i think the systems , though flawed and subjective , are useful to a certain extent . unfortunately we ... let me start by saying that whatever it is i am about to type will not be directly link to any paraphrase or quotes from the descriptions of other mbti , socionics and enneagram types . i do not wish to ... i wish to know based on theory or observable differences as i read somewhere that ti represents 5s more than te . i also read that ni embodies type 4 before 5 . so . how would an intj 5 differ from ... i do read up on metaphysics at times , but it isn't necessarily intriguing . it's not something i'm naturally attracted to . thanks for the response . i have a tendency to ignore my feelings when talking about myself , so i decided to settle that first . type out everything related to my feelings to get it out of the way and ... well you are helping me out here , so .. i appreciate it . t : output and result . id incorporate some consistency in the process , but i look forward to the results a whole lot more . there is ... i think questions would be better than questionairres . i checked out the questionairres and theyre a bit too generalized and depends on how much i wish to type . questions get right to the point , that ... sentimental that is a tough question . i try to stay away from people and their feelings , if they wish to talk to me about it , i would be listening , shifting my perspective on their situation and ... funny , i had a lecturer once for industrial automation . entp . he was eccentric , but i kinda liked him . i couldnt get his teaching style though , he kept going off course relating theory to a principle ... hello , thank you for responding . i get what you mean , i may not have given enough information , i only exposed ny emotional side to get it out of the way . i did the tests . keys 2cog : ... hi , im 20 , from earth . new here , unsure of my type . created 2 same threads in different sections , one for enneagram the other for mbti . do check it out and help out if you want to , i would ... i'm new here , but not necessarily new to the mbti and enneagram systems . the problem with diving in deep into them is that the more you seem to know , the more aware you become of how much is yet to ... i'm new here , but not necessarily new to the mbti and enneagram systems . the problem with diving in deep into them is that the more you seem to know , the more aware you become of how much is yet to ... xxfj ? personally , i read up on type 4s and realised how most mistypes occur because the user views themselves as artistic . type 4 isn't about art . it's about identity . i am aware , that we live in a ... i've been thinking about mbti and cognitive functions . i think most of us are using it in a damaging manner . before i start , ill just say that these are simply my observations . if you agree , ... thanks for responding . its tough between a 9 and a 5 , when i read the mistype section , realizef that 9s mistype as 5s more frequently than the 5s mistyping as 9s . the confusion is due to me , ... yeap , i am not sure about my wing , but i seem to lean more to the 9w8 than the 9w1 . maybe im biased against ones .. my father is a 1w2 . i did the reading and i think the sx / sp or sp / sx seems to fit ... i think most people relate nines to the easy going and mellow sort of people , when actually nines can have deep and highly sophisticated thoughts . they get confused with 5s , but then again , having ... not sure if its been said before but when you read up the descriptions of types and notice how unsure you are if you relate or not . if you really want to know , you should let her know why , tell her why its important for you to know . no parent would want to keep their child in the dark especially in a situation that can possibly ... thank you for the links , they were helpful . i would say deep down i actually relate to the 9 more than that of the 5 . its just maybe due to the isolation from people that makes me look like a 5 . i ... i wouldn't do much about it , unless there's a burning desire to confess . i would really prefer if they made the first move and then i would slowly fall into them . i usually initiate when i ... i was first typed as an infj . did the research and all but something just felt off . the descriptions were .. brought about this sense of responsibility , ' uniqueness ' and everything everyone else ... i've yet to consider depersonalisation , it does sound .. i think the detachment from myself is too strong of a word , more like .. uncaring . its something i've naturally had since i was younger . i ... have you considered 6w5 ? come on , someone please respond .. i'm new here . created another same thread in the ' what's my type forum ' but it was disappointing . no one responded . so figured i should try posting it here instead . please respond . lets ... i just stone and try to throw him / her off in different directions by reacting differently while talking to him / her . i really don't like feeling like a test subject . i have a really , really , really , really , really , bad habit of not looking back at what i did and could have done instead . i get in trouble for this . to me , its over , i'll live with the consequences ... funny , i just completed the last of us remastered a few minutes ago . gaming is pointless now till uncharted 4 gets released . well , its just another year , and every day feels the same when you ignore the instability around you . oh , yeah , and a whole lot more expectation from the surroundings . hi , i'm new here . i did some reading on both the enneagram and mbti , and sorta got lost in the definitions . so i'm not sure on my type . i know this probably isn't the place to do this , but my ... i'm new here . lets start off with a few declarations : - i hate talking about myself - i am not depressed , or at least i don't think i am - i am not always aware of what i'm feeling and how a ... someone , help type the characters here . personally i identify strongly with the main character , so figured that i would be able to find myself through him , and at the same time , figure out the ... funny how i came across this thread by coincidence . father - istj , mother - really unhealthy infp , younger sister - isfj , myself - unsure . either way , i've been contemplating some time and ... do ni and fe make it harder for you guys to figure out who you are ? identity wise . 9s , are 9s usually aware of their loss of identity in general ? 4s , do you find yourself compulsively ... i don't know why but when i read through type me threads , i just see people borrowing descriptions from multiple types , or the type they ' like ' . you seem to want to be an infj . then , i guess ... i liked him . i liked his content , i honestly think he was one of the best ' teachers ' . but i only watched his videos on typology . didn't really bother with the rest . i did an enneagram test . personally ive been feeling like a non person . like im so fucking hollow on the inside , like clay . like sticking a tiny pebble in clay and then trying to find it . i'm ... i do connect with it .. honestly , it would be a lot easier learning by reading . i find doing it physically to be rather tiring and stressful . i mean application is important , but i just need to know ... yeap , i read it , thanks . i agree too . so if i have fe as a creative function that would probably narrow down my type to either sei or iei ? firstly , thanks for responding with a type in mind . :) i did read up on the iee , eii and sei . they all sort of fit , but i did feel a little ' excluded ' so , i did the socionics extended test and ... i just don't see 5 . probably a 3 . 361 maybe . don't tell me i wasted my time . '