' and it's your entitlement to think that . i simply see no harm , no foul in many rich cultural traditions , but that's my opinion . i live in a world created by the vast majority and don't like some of ... i'm sure it would mean a lot to them , too . there are a lot of day's mother's day , father's day , christmas , honoring people that we all don't necessarily agree should be honored . i deserve no honor ... there are a lot of veterans . we say thank you because the fact that they serve affords the rest of the people a choice in the matter . i however opted to serve and luckily for me and for the rest of ... struggled with this my whole life . i think the issue for me is getting connected to other people . i make friends easily in life , but i can't seem to find many that i easily relate to long term ... right ? and then it's like , and who the hell am i , was i in some delusional state ? ? what a great video ! ! thank you so much for sharing it ! ! i'm an entp 7 . i have learned over the years how to deal with authority , but to me it was more like playing the game because i wanted to be seen as easy to work with when in fact i was greatly ... i'm not an intj , but i live with one and have an online friend for many years who is also an intj . they seem to be be my only two lasting friends except for an enfj who died . i've practically given ... currently my sig other is an intj . i also have a good friend who is intj ( we had a strong chemistry at one time in the past ) , and a couple of my fav coworkers are intj . i believe this has to do with ... and now he's dead ... my best friend died a year ago next month . that leaves me with my boyfriend ( partner ) but otherwise alone . i'm becoming more introverted . i'd have to say i fit with the majority here . i have a best friend who lives across the country but we talk several times per week . it's an exclusively online relationship . i have hundreds of ... i have to say i'm an amazing cook but it evolved over time and watching cooking shows . it's a great way too channel creativity since we all have to eat , and although i will eat almost anything ... i ... the pollyanna thing actually happened to me in the form of a signed certificate once received from coworkers after starting a new job . they wondered how long my optimism would last . ha ha still not ... i think this observation of these types is worthy of holding the title of winner of the decade . it goes both ways though . my sig other ( intj ) is one of the very few for which this hold true . i ... it's almost impossible for me to allow myself to be vulnerable with another person . the key here is the word almost and is important because if you can find a way ~ even just once ~ to become ... so what happened with your situation ? i'm in an ldr . i'm entp and he is intj . we are together each week from friday evening to monday morning , we also arrange to be together any holidays or any days ... i disagree , it's not entp's thing , especially as we get older . i do many things over the top . i just tend toward a very few things in which i specialize out of the many that i do well . this in no way ... and you can always not have a life . i have finally figured out that without the sad the happiness is only mediocre . gotta hate mediocrity . this little love story gets more beautiful by the minute . each time we see each other is better than the last as we get to know each other more . all your words are helpful , everyone who has ... my intj and i have an incredible song that he gifted to us . we listened together last night , and i had tears in my eyes for something that is actually real . that was a small part of what quickly ... i appreciate being able to better understand the mechanism for this . i need to know how and why things work or don't work , not just observe them working or not working . i was once drawn to an ... thanks for this reply . i'm going to have to read up about fi . i'm not sure if my intj developed his fi recently , i only know him a short time , but i have know two others that were almost clinically ... this post is meant exclusively for any of you that are entp or intj but with a fe that has you questioning your sanity and rational every second of your existence . over the years i have seen a ... you'll have to keep me posted on your pheromonial findings . i need texting rehab . you are not ! i can give you one definite situation where i have seen this in my relationship and was exactly that way on our first date my intj tends to need clarification on anything presented to him that ... none of them in the clinical sense of the definition . narcissism ? no , because my arrogance , callous behavior and selfishness can always be justified contextually . narcissists are completely lacking ... i had a disastrous situation with a guy over the friends issue once . he was all talk about friendship and how important it was and how it was the only thing that had real meaning ... and then one ... by the way hokahey - i just read some of your stuff and you seem pretty awesome . i'm sure there are a lot of people intrigued by you . really ! i agree with you , but wanted to add something . the long term real stuff is much more complicated than getting dates , but remember it goes both ways . there are as many of both genders in it ... oddly enough in a lot of situations it was the dating turned to friendship . i guess back in the days before everyone knew everything about each other online we had to find out through personal ... constantly . i always have a lot of guys as casual friends though , too . my best friend ( who incidentally is a guy ) told me i exude pheromones or something and that guys and girls tend to just follow ... i like everything asymmetrical but balanced , ie . two different size objects on one side to a single larger one on the other . i think this likely stems from a strong background in three dimensional ... that is exactly it . the bravado in itself is our most famed trait . it is exactly that level of self assurance that enables us to act on our drives , no matter the cost or consequence . it enables us to ... it's exactly what i do . when there is an affinity between us i never tire of the other person , but i don't usually develop close relationships . i have a few that are close and the rest are causal ... omg , yes ... it was in so many cases at so many times , but but i'm not going to let it go there anymore . we do this with friendships in real life too . i'm learning to be a better friend ... uhhh ... maybe , ... i go one second at a time , and while one moment one might tear my heart apart another might bring me some piece of joy . i somehow found a friend who couldn't help or be there or anything , but ... i am an entp and pretty much behave similarly to what you describe with a lot of colleagues except in a bit more of an adult manner , but not due to interest ouside the scope of friendship . that ... i have to say i agree with your posts signify and nirelove because your responses address the actual question of drive . i don't think healthy self worth is shallow . it is the result that matters . ... do we love best what we know , or know best what we love ? either way , it requires at the least an interest to begin . hmm .. now i'm thinkin ' about sex . hey , get off that gravy boat . i'm not an infj , but i definitely would , especially if i ( we ) had a clear understanding of the disease , and it's behavioral manifestations . a good deal of it would be up to me to understand and ... ~ the wound is the place where the light enters you ~ ~ two there are who are never satisfied - - the lover of the world and the lover of knowledge ~ rumi , مث no wonder you've been in seclusion . laughing at this . i either love or i don't . if i do then it exists at the same level . where it gets tricky is when people ask us to qualify it or choose . i can't love my son more than husband or vice versa , or any one ... it doesn't always require a spiritual belief . i am a lifelong non-theist and had felt that void for a long time trying to fill it with friendship , romance and even thinking it was the absence of ... i know , we do that stuff all <--- ( there it is again ) the time . lmao ! ! yes , right ? i'd like to see someone just make up their frickin ' mind even if later they change it . it at least gives ... i knew you were the new perc guru . > folds hands and bows < need to move this over to the enfp craving deep conversations thread , ha '