' i very much like syriac and manichean . georgian ( mxedruli ) i also find very lovely . do you look on omniglot much ? i love poking around there . btw , i appreciate your signature quote - that's one ... likewise : in a fictional world i've been working on for years , religion is one of the details i've been filling out and refining . it's not only fun , it's a good way to reflect on real world ... here's my first offering : https://youtu.be/SM-hYlNldow i started playing drums in 1994 : bass drum in drumline at school , then i got a kit and started taking lessons . i played in some rock bands through college , as well as jazz ensembles and with ... my old journals are full of such stuff , but over the past 10 years or so i've tried to make my speech more precise . it can take me a long time to say something since i try to measure out my words to ... with all your self-acceptance etc . you should still make sure that you examine your actual behavior and hold it to the standards that your moral sense tells you is right . do this gently , but guard ... check out the center for a stateless society , and kevin carson's work , particularly his homebrew industrial revolution . surf the links you find therefrom . and tell me about it ! i'm serious . ... my avatar is a symbol found on the outside of the nauvoo temple built by the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints , of which i am a member . the temple , rebuilt 10 years ago , is an important ... thanks for the link ! i might or might not share writing on this thread . freewriting is something that i still find hard to do , even though i've been doing it on and off for the last 12 years . ... i'm kind of surprised not to see more fellow gluttons here . http://i1243.photobucket.com/albums/gg542/zombilicioius_cupcakes/cocacolasurreal.jpg [ / quote ] rubens ' union of earth and water - one of my favorite paintings ! i wrote a sort of anti-romance for nanowrimo just this past november . i got a couple of characters together then destroyed their relationship . the story had some promise , but since it was nanowrimo ... benjamin britten . i can't go for too long without listening to peter grimes or the war requiem . things that saved me as a teenager : 9th grade : moving to a new high school - junior high was hellish and barely made bearable by a few friends and friendly people , whom i missed , but it was nice ... every so often i go through this phase where i want to severely pare down my wardrobe to mostly black , white and grey . i have to justify every graphic t-shirt i own . if i didn't live somewhere so ... dang , another religion thread . i'm mormon / lds ( thus the nauvoo star / star of bethlehem avatar ) , and i seem to recall finding maybe one other on here , as well as one or two ex-mormons . i just ... experiences in elementary school taught me the wisdom of keeping my feelings to myself , but early in high school i tried to squelch them . i tested as a thinker when i was a teenager , and when i was ... yes , almost all of the pictures of women in magazines are total bunk . hm , this is interesting . when i was young i was troubled by my squishy girlish figure , and i still have to be careful about how i eat , because i don't gain weight only on my belly : it goes to my ... i'm married to an isfj , a type which every resource i've consulted doesn't call an optimal match . we're very happy together , even with all the differences we have had to adjust to . loons ? elegant , secretive , clumsy on land but expert divers into the mysterious depths of northern lakes . misunderstood : people hear their wails and think they're spooky , or hear their tremolo ... i'm 34 . i think i do feel wiser in a way , or at least a bit more mellowed out . having lived through a bit more i can ride along a bit more smoothly maybe . i didn't expect this to be so hard to ... i just read ivan illich's tools for conviviality and need to read deschooling society next . i've long been against compulsory attendance in public schools , though i don't plan on home-schooling my ... from my college days - thought this was rather clever . 27595 pstypes enneagram test results the distribution of your scores type one : 15 type two : listener it varies by area i'm sure , but i remember as a missionary ( in puerto rico ) we generally saw more women than men in the congregations . i've heard similar reports from a lot of other ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sLDqEoOFOok i wish i could have seen the whole production , it looks like a good one , well-cast . i have yet to watch a production of peter grimes but i listen to the ... for a while i doubted if i'd get married too . that was a painful thought . yes , we do encourage marriage , to the degree that we also have a residual culture of expecting marriage at a fairly young ... i like children very much ( especially ages 3-8 ) , even though i'm not sure that they consider me much fun . when my daughter was a baby i would tell her all sorts of things as if she were my therapist ... there is no allowance in the church for sexual activity outside of marriage . now that's not to say that teenagers who screw up ( pun intended ) are shunned or publicly shamed etc . there is the ... what kind of music do you like ? oh , i listen to all kinds of music , you know . . . o rly ? oog ! if that's the stuff they were listening to in puerto rico 14 years ago ( hyundai accents buzzing as the bass rattled their ill-assembled components , you could hear the buzzing a mile away ) then ... yay for typewriters ! four years ago i wrote fiction like lewis carroll . my professional nonfiction is apparently all over the map : cory doctorow , dan brown , arthur c . clarke , h . p . lovecraft . . . i don't think the ... another religion thread ! yaaayyy ! snowybernard's question is one that i think about too . i'm still active lds . i've had more trouble with cultural attitudes including folk doctrines than ... i've kept dream journals on and off for the last 13 years . recently i'll go in phases : for a couple days i'll remember my dream pretty clearly , then for a few i won't . a lot of this has to do with ... a couple of days ago i talked to a man who plays persian classical music , jazz and other traditional musics . his views are so radical / fanatical that it has taken me a while to stop feeling guilty ... cherry picker grocery bagger custodian in a university student union building - night shift classroom inspector / custodian in a sort of theological seminary dishwasher / cafeteria worker creamery ... depending on which test i took , either pifn - the angry aesthete or pnif-bukowski . yeah , kind of , but i agree : it doesn't look like something to take too seriously . i've identified myself as a mutualist anarchivst for the past four years or so , but right now have no energy for activism . but i rejoice a little whenever i see anarchist principles practiced even ... because even as wonderful and brimming with potential as my psyche is , it is still limited , incomplete , and with all i understand i still don't know squat . and i am slowly on my way to joining the ... some of the friendships i had in college were fairly intense : one guy i met at a bus stop and we almost immediately got into a deep conversation about spirituality . i wasn't thinking of types and ... amen to that ! 9 years here with an isfj and we're doing well , thank you very much . it's refreshing when you can let yourself cut loose , but it doesn't get easier the next time , at least it hasn't for me . what made it easy for me was having an idea of where the story would go . ... it still happens . just don't expect it to be like anything you've ever seen on tv or a movie or read about . it has its own set of skills and they do take time and talking to each other to learn . ... i've been married to an isfj woman for almost nine years and there are some very obvious differences in the way we each think and do things , but we keep learning better how to understand , accept and ... oh yay , nanowrimo ! i plan on doing it again this year as well as organizing promotional events in the community . [ my name ] is a zen master - after i had drawn a portrait of a fellow-diner with chopstick and soy sauce on my placemat at a japanese restaurant . while i was a missionary , on one sunday i acted ... it's interesting to see all the similarities . maybe i need this forum as much to cure myself of thinking i'm that unique as much as any other reason . i recommend cutting and writing with quill ... lt . martin castillo from miami vice . when he says something , you'd better listen . '