' it ’ s true that we are comfortable with contradictions ... hi , are you still following this ? there ’ s a resource i read that really helped my understanding : cognitive function theory it ’ s a very clear explanation of the functions ! cool . i think the differences are obvious if you look at the function stack ... enfps and infps actually use their functions very differently because the order is very different ! ! ( that said , they are ... this is really neat ... i ’ ve been thinking about the question of absolutes for a very long time ... i studied philosophy a bit which helps . i ’ ve come to the position that there is an absolute — but that it ... hey ! you can pm me your blog address if you want , i ’ d be interested in reading it . and if you want i can pm you mine too ! it ’ s an enfp blog on tumblr :-) interesting you say this . i ’ m an enfp man and something very similar to this happens to me all the time : i want to “ be mad ” at someone for hurting me ( fi ) in some way , in an argument , yet when it ... wow wow wow ... this just sounds so impressive ! ! ! i think the entp women ix92ve known , theyx 92ve always intimidated me ... generally donx 92t get along with them too well . as an fi-user i would say entps in ... thank you so much for sharing this ... : love_heart : i agree ! we have lots in common ! : hug : except that , haha ... “ i cover up the fact that i wear my heart on my sleeve with sarcasm , wit , and deflecting from discussing my true emotions . ” i used to do that ... i thought i should add open-mindedness about everything ( lifestyles , sexuality , culture , atheism / religion , etc . ) mindfulness people before money and i may have more ... why are we so crazy ? ? ? ! : laughing : hi everyone ! so ix92ve had a set of core values that mean a lot to me for many years , and ix92m learning about our interesting enfp relationship with our fi and our values ... so what are your core ... poor you ! ! ! so that mistake chatting , that hasnx 92t happened to me yet , thankfully . ix92m waiting though ... my mom is an esfj too o_o ! ! ! are you ... my sister ? ? ? you sound just like me ! ! ! i dare you , make a video of you dancing , if you send it to me i ’ ll send you mine . : laughing : i have a few . i discovered one day it was so much fun dancing around and being ... the enfp was decent ! “ when i was really young i wanted to be a hippy ... ” i still want to be a hippie . i ’ m working on it actually , i ’ ll hopefully be moving in with some in a few weeks , trying out a vegan diet . actually , ... honestly you guys are all way off . ( ix92m only teasing ) but enfps are the master rule breakers , we really are . firstly , we avoid everything that has rules in the first place ... on top of that when ... i saw this and i thought you neffies needed to see it ( intuition ? ) ... enjoy the candy ! sorry it gets boring after the first 20 seconds ... too bad it ’ s so long ... ( thanks to katy perry ’ s ... who wrote this , was it me ? ? cause now i regret it ... now you all know a little too much about the new guy ... and i can ’ t even delete it . the whole internet in fact . marvelous . :d ry : oh yes no yes . ( i want to say yes and no to this at the same time ) ! ! everything you said . the other thing that gets me is why them showing me they ’ re angry just doesn ’ t work for me . i ’ ve been ... ne-dom ... this sentence brings up a weird , positive / negative vibe in me ... i feel like that but i donx 92t ... itx 92s like on the one hand god / the universe / the one / whatever you want to call him / her / it / ? ? ... to be honest , as an enfp i have a hard time accepting the idea of s-n as a space-time ( respectively ) dichotomy . from the jung reference material ( primary , secondary , etc . ) ix92ve seen , ix92ve learned ... dear neffies ( nefi ) , letx 92s share about those crazy daydreams and resolutions that never ended up happening ! ! yes , i know we donx 92t give up on all our crazy ideas ... but we do on some . i know at the ... golfing ... so actually ... it ’ s just the first idea for a username that popped into my head . i ’ ve never played golf in my life : laughing :: laughing : yet ... fantasizing about becoming the next a tiger ... this needs a thread ! btw are you saying i ’ m amazing ? : th_love : that would explain the reason i get along better with both women and non-toxic masculines ... first that i ’ m against the phallic power complex , second that i like authentic people ... wow , incredible ... i ’ d kiss you ( in a friendly way ) ! ! ! i ’ m a very devout enfp catholic too ! ... and it looks like you ’ re a convert ! ! ! proud of you ! ! ! : love_heart :: hearts : sorry btw for not reading further before responding ... phew ! ok , much of this is true but much of this is just unnatural for an enfp . youx 92ve listed a lot of unhealthy traits , but the truth is unhealthy traits are disappointing in all the types . let me ... that ’ s really interesting . do you feel like guys tend to be more enslaved by “ toxic masculinity ” than girls by whatever is false femininity ? so you get along with the more “ authentic ” people , people ... actually yes , absolutely . i don ’ t ever talk to men about my feelings . it ’ s always been that way ... i really need to surround myself better ... :-P yeah , apparently for us enfps it is . one minute we ’ ll be serious or emotional , the next we ’ ll be doing something goofy and laughing at ourselves :D you may not be so crazy ! hum . i guess that ’ s the fi and not fe thing . you ’ re right that my perception of others ’ feelings is usually way off , haha ... ... like cutting a piece of presentation board into the shape of a life-size viola , and printing a headshot of a girl and pasting it on the top of the cardboard viola , and making a drawing of her body ... that ’ s neat , i appreciate your feedback ! maybe my reply was mean ... i meant this thread mostly for enfps , because we enfps tend to have what mbti folks call a “ silly switch ” where out of nowhere we do something silly or fun , just because ... hi , thanks a lot for this comment . i did in fact talk to the husband of my longtime female isfj friend when i was over for dinner last night . i know i did the right thing but i think i made too ... by the way , what is it about being a male f-type that makes me get along better with women ? i have an idea ... what if itx 92s a cultural thing , that in western culture women are expected to be x93more ... ix92ve been trying to express our two classic enfp emotions , and therex 92s no emoji for them ! ! itx 92s so frustrating ? ? do you guys know the feeling ? the x93ix92m excited to be outdoors and seeing all these ... that sounds like me ... i feel like our light-heartedness and full-on goofing off are just two sides of the same coin in our personality , do you know what i mean ? i tend to try to draw at least a ... becoming a really rich pro dj who mixes hot african club music with the popular stuff ? yes . starting a radical off-grid self-sustained charismatic christian commune in nicaragua ? yep . the ... : laughing :: laughing :: laughing :: laughing : poor you ... i know i ’ ve sometimes been completely clueless about how somebody felt about me ... sometimes enfps are unpredictable in our relationship behavior . sometimes we have feelings for someone ... ix92ve been writing too . i find my characters have been already pretty typed , i just didnx 92t always know who was who . now thinking back i could easily type them ... hm ... are you lacking friends ? are your friends boring you ? x93 ... people i donx 92t get along withx 94 i . e . one girl , and this other dude . seriously xdxdxd i know many of you will get what i ’ m going through ... so , i ’ m finally moving away from where i ’ ve been for six years , to the city i used to live in before that . for years my intuitions have been ... that sounds like me ... i feel like our light-heartedness and full-on goofing off are just two sides of the same coin in our personality , do you know what i mean ? i tend to try to draw at least a ... '