' so here are my two cents . first and foremost sex for the sake of sex is not dating or being in a relationship . the purpose of dating is to determine if you want a relationship with someone , the ... dating is far more complicated than i think people make it out to be . especially if you have already found someone you are interested in and is interested in you . that is really the hardest part i ... has anyone seen 7even . brad pit ? scene at the end ? whats in the box ! ? ! ? ! ? whats in the box ? ! ? ! for some reason this post reminded me of that and made me chuckle so thanks for that http://personalitycafe.com/articles/112444-five-love-languages-explained.html - five love languages explained touch is a form of communication that goes far beyond anything the written or spoken ... so i wanted to share my thoughts on rational emotive behavior therapy ( rebt ) . i have spent some time in therapy over the last few years trying to get some mental health issues under control along ... i used to really enjoy exctasy . it helped me open up and understand my fe a little better . feeling was not scary at that point because everything was so awesome . then i was diagnosed with bi-polar ... any good relationship is based in a strong friendship and trust in the other person . if either of those things is lost or lacking then your better off just walking away . trust once lost is difficult ... i got out of the army and my wife left me all within a month of each other . then two months latter she came back got naked let me give her a full body massage . when i made a move to initiate sex she ... inferior fe is often classified as a weakness . at the end of the day it just kind of depends on what your trying to do . you do not need fe to do anything in your life . even interpersonal ... i feel like i just walked into an episode of to catch a predator personally i enjoy physical intimacy a great deal . as long as it is with someone i know and trust . cuddling on the couch with a lover while watching t . v . is awesome . i have this turkish friend that ... ok as far as becoming a vegetarian . if you want to do it for whatever reason do it right . what you eat is always important . more so if your going to cut out most forms if not all forms of meat ... you are feeling overwhelmed by an influx of emotion from some source , probably external . death of a loved one , new lover , etc etc . unable to fully comprehend all of this you are overwhelmed by any ... look at the advancements that were made in technology because of him . he was not the only one , but he was one of the leading individuals that revolutionized the world and pushed us all into the era ... maybe some people should share their voices with a therapist ... possibly even the police . there are many ways to argue against an emotional argument like that . it takes a little more prep time than finding those psa adds about the plight of animals in our system , but its doable and would ... i'm gonna steal a line from famous intp , the founding father of modern philosophy , rene descartes cogito ergo sum ... i think therefor i am . that about sums it up this sentence is a lie ... mull that over for awhile honestly it has baffled me as to why this has been bumped as many times as it has . so i thought id come by and give my assessment . albert einstein , thomas jefferson , rene descartes , charles ... objects at rest tend to stay at rest unless acted upon by an outside force . you will remain in isolation until your desire for something more outweighs your desire for isolation . if you find yourself ... there are brief points where i experienced the same feeling ... of course it does not help that i had a complete and total mental breakdown back in january and was hospitalized . that kind of reaffirmed ... lol . ok so i have been thinking about when i start dating again the best way to go about it . statistclly the best way to find a compatible mate is through online dating and here is why there are x ... ok so i wanted to kind of sum up my thoughts after reading everyone's post . first and foremost i want to thank you guys . i do not have any other intp personality types in my life so its refreshing to ... this is actually a large part of my internal argument for why she left . you spend so much time with someone and you want to believe they are who you think they are . i think especially for the intx ... i did ask and i agree . her response was emotionally driven and i was just back in the boat i started in . i've since accepted i'll just never understand if for no other reason than to avoid the ti-ni ... find a subject that you have interest in and research the crap out of it . understand it at its most fundamental level , then once you feel you have , move onto the next subject . eventually you will ... so in attempt to prevent this post becoming a sob story about my love life i will just put forth my question with as little background information as i can i married a woman that , while never ... i understand your fear of rejection all to well , but let me show you this “ i must not fear . fear is the mind-killer . fear is the little-death that brings total obliteration . i will face my fear . i ... it's not inherently necessary . if it was love at first sight wouldn't exist . i think , especially as intp , we end up realizing we are in love long after the neurobiological process has taken place ... your asking a bunch of intp to talk about their feelings ? ok let me try ... internal logic error 00023768 . the feelings you want are currently inaccessible at this time due to an inability to ... to be honest i didn't . i left the army in part because i knew i had convinced myself i wasn't good enough to serve alongside some of the greatest men and women i have ever known . the truth of it is i ... ockham's razor . the best answer is usually the simplest so i know you asked about other types but i thought i would weigh in . i have been putting a lot of thought into what traits i want my partner to have ( whenever i decide to start dating ... i appreciate math a great deal for the real world applications it offers . with math you can literally explain anything if you know what questions need to be asked . i just suck at it ... really bad ... 338761 let the hatred flow through you . let it give you strength . together we shall bring this world to its knees , and reshape it in our image . you came into a forum full of people where every little detail matters because it is interconnected with every other little detail and those details combine to form the cosmos ... and you used ... i do get funny looks when i walk by people wearing those portable gieger counters 338561 are we actually obliged to listen after sex ? usually when i am done with my partner she is too exhausted and satisfied to even move let alone speak , i usually just wrap my arms around her ... i got stuck in one of these loops the entire time i was in the army . i was an intell analyst , and i was damn good at it . the army puts huge emphasis on physical training . i worked 12-15 hour shifts ... i agree with you that our current understanding of the human psyche is currently , for all intents and purposes , incomprehensible . you made a good point when you said that its usage is preceded by ... said medium has been used to explain many things that were once considered beyond human comprehension . just because we do not have the insight and knowledge to apply the tool correctly right now does ... your completely missing the point of being human . i am assuming since you are 17 there is a decent chance you have never experienced the deep and profound feeling of love that comes when you are with ... this is depressingly accurate in a lot of scenarios my friend just compared it to the idea of the world being flat . at some point we were given enough information to prove that the earth was indeed round . the hope being that at some point we will ... i am not going to beat a dead horse here by explaining what the ti does . most intp will find a subject that fascinates them then try and follow it to a logical conclusion . they will think it through ... glancing over that got me thinking . if we are ever able to create artificial consciousness , not to be confused with artificial intelligence , then it would be definitively proven possible to map the ... if you make the assumption that brain shape and size directly correlate to behavior and cognitive thought process then at the very least you would assume that cranial size and shape would be similar ... i think the general consensus that beauty is in the eye of the beholder is something everyone is agreeing on . again i was just using some general things as examples . the thing about my ex was she was ... everything is all about sex which brings up a good point that i kind of touched on . why do we feel the need to examine and attempt to alter negative emotions ? it bothers us when we feel these things , and attempt to move past ... '