' mature estps are some of the greatest people to be around in my opinion , i've had several platonic relationships with them and even dated one briefly . the difference in perspectives is curiously ... came across this while listening to parkway drive . in regards to my own personal projects absolutely . in a group setting that doesn't pertain directly to me i can certainly understand the value of cooperation , i loath having my freedom encroached ... running , swimming , and biking are great , and easy to get into . in the past i enjoyed fencing , tennis seems like it would be very enjoyable . i used to actively attempt to lucid dream , sometimes it worked , sometimes it was more difficult to gain awareness . it is certainly an interesting experience , but doing it routinely can be ... had a reasonable guitar collection at one point in time , ended up liquidating much of it due to space constraints , pretty salty about that . i'd love to have a car collection if i ever acquire the ... ne has a certain whimsical nature that is very refreshing to be around , but i think ni is better at creating clearer insights . ^ ^ this . stereotypes aside , you can teach anybody how to turn a wrench , but watching ti do work is just something that can't really be replicated . when it comes to actually making it happen in ... it could be said that all of humankind should aspire to be rational animals , whether or not this is the case is doubtful . i personally feel that people should strive to manage these animalistic ... always had a soft spot for the raven . i had a particularly difficult time not thinking of this thread this evening as i attempted to construct a taco of those self-standing hard shells with the flat bottoms . it fell over . writing about philosophical questions and moral / ethical dilemmas is always a fun process , i can never help but feel some type of camaraderie with somebody that can read your work and see your stance ... anything labeled as microwavable or picked up through a drive thru window i subconsciously frown upon . i need to do a little more researching before i claim one type or another , but i am leaning that way yes . i had previously identified as one before so i've spent a good amount of time researching the type , they have a tendency to go into phases were they may take on the traits of another type , but ... ^ if i might extrapolate on this a minute , do you mean that an fe user has a breaking point were they can no longer effectively interact with an amoral person , but are willing stomach a morally ... interesting , i hadn't considered that order , what in my text caused you to think fi-te ? perhaps i'm not understanding fi properly . typically via logic , emotion is certainly in the picture but it usually takes something pretty big to cause an actual emotional decision . even if i get heated over something i'll almost always cool ... hi intjs i recently made a post on the guess my type sub-forum and it hasn't gotten a whole lot of traffic , so i thought i'd ask you guys , as your realms of the forum seem to be a little more ... thanks for the input , i'm not going to rule out ne as a dominant function either but i certainly see more ni , inferior se seemed pretty clear to me as well . at what point is following the ... hi guys , i've been told there are some very astute folks here with a knack for typing . i have always been struggled to x93identifyx94 my type properly . i have become skeptical of the tests ... kinda sounds like your a bit stressed to me . do you have any anti-stress measures that you work into your day ? reducing stress goes a long ways when it comes to mentality , meditation and ... i can follow your logic there , i've typically thought that control is an individualized thing because there are so many variables that go beyond the functions . to me fe is simply the tendency to let other's emotions shape your behavior , and perhaps your own emotions to a lesser extent . expression seems way more specific to the individual , as some others ... the biggest thing in my experience is to set clear boundaries , i've never known one to be manipulative but they can be mildly insensitive at times . try and clue them in on what does and does not work ... ^ ^ ^ there is a lot of good stuff in there , estps always get painted the bad guy but met several that are great people . be cordial and friendly and all those things without being overly sweet , they ... hopefully there are some appreciators of the dark arts around here , that new parkway drive is tasty . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QXPlTzwCNps honestly i don't think we are as rare as most statistics would like you to believe . that said i can see how a lot of mistypes would occur if people aren't really interested in the more detailed ... i really feel for yah , i was in a very similar situation once with an estp actually . my hunch is they have a difficult time with long-term relationships , due to the lack of physical affirmation ... does hayley from paramore count as a celebrity ? perhaps forgiveness isn't always called for but acceptance very well may be , even for the most heinous , brutal events in your life . if you can't close the door on something it will enslave you , ... well played sir . i shall observe your mind games , and teach them to my squadron of clones that i send to far away c ̶ u ̶ l ̶ t ̶ u ̶ r ̶ e ̶ s ̶ forums to achieve the ultimate understanding . might wanna troll the nt forums , they might actually bite back instead of trying to help you . : gentleman : i certainly feel more in control of a body , than being a body . i would guess the low kinesthetic intelligence goes beyond cognitive functions and personality types , although clearly there is a ... good video . interesting that you mention your very attuned to you senses because of inferior se . i've displayed hypersensitivity in the past but not in any usable way . i never fully understood how ... other than fellow infjs , the only two that stick out to me are estps and intjs . a healthy estp is such a bewildering experience , bringing out the opposite sides of each other is mesmerizing . but i ... it's definitely very easy to confuse to this at times , i found the most clear answer questioning the motives behind fe / te . is it done to appease people or uphold logic and efficiency ? not always easy ... dreaming always conveyed a sense of learning for me , even if i can't consciously express knowledge or insight that i've necessarily gained , i feel like i posses something that i previously lacked . i ... i think , as some of the others might have been getting at , there is a large chance that n's in general are going to be more willing to embrace qualities typically seen as opposite to their gender ... i can definitely relate to that . it's to bad i have this irritating habit of falling for foods that are disastrous for your health . assuming the choice is made with the intent of a lasting relationship , option 2 for sure . as nfs its more difficult to find someone on the same frequency , especially us introverts . the beautiful ... that sounds really cool . martial arts seem really great for the whole body / mind thing , earlier in life i spent a decent amount of time fencing . i wonder how these two experiences compare , i'd imagine ... so many thumbs up ! i've always been enthralled with the idea of urban exploration , finding low-key and resonant areas hidden away , unfortunately the near major city to my location is to far away to ... a thread i skimmed through recently got me thinking how inj's typically engage their se . i've come to a close enough understanding of the functions , i'm starting to pick up on various flavors of what ... a lot of this looks familiar from childhood , i think i've overcome much of it as i've aged . the third section addressing vestibular dysfunction is where i found most of the symptoms that i identified ... so long as each are healthy versions and mindful of their respective differences , i definitely give a thumbs up to the intp / infj interactions . i'm not sure i'd call it mind reading but ni / ne fills in ... the infj's i know can be fairly graceful while engaged in the activity , and walk straight into a door after they are done practicing . its really strange . so-so coordination , i reached respectable ... as others have stated this does sound pretty normal for infj behavior . he may also be adjusting to the fact you two are now separated , which might sound a little counter-intuitive , but does leave an ... there is definitely a click of some kind when to people with dominant ni are interacting . i've also noticed this with intj's but the rest of their demeanor gives off a slightly different flavor ... it is sobering somewhat to see a description that isn't to romanticized . i was always slightly uncomfortable with how infj's are presented , at least on some level , because to many people would ... '