' ah , well i've never had the pleasure of the experience so i would have no sense of social timing in an environment such as that . and i only say take more time because if the poster here is a guy and ... i'd have to concur with antipode . i hate the common misconception that intimacy and empathy together is always tied to romantic or sexual feelings when it's not . sometimes i am really kind and ... ok this is starting to make more sense . i sometimes will clam up when i feel like i may do / say something out of impulse to someone who didn't necessarily deserve it , because i was in one of those ... uncommon for who , infjs , all introverts , or just anybody in general ? fight or flight sounds about right . i clam up when i cut contact with someone , and the longer it goes on the harder it is to ... i don't know why i do it , but i often have periods in my life when i just either don't visit a place or talk to a person for a while . i guess i just have to check out from time to time . i usually ... the 70s had some great shows . i also like some of their concerts from the late 60s , they used some different wacky instruments and it gave it a different sound to a lot of their songs .   ... i have had this too and still do . i am depressed because there are evil men in this world that seek to destroy the human race and make us all slaves . i wish i could just get on a boat and live on an ... one of my favorite dead songs http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RAv71VbdkBc the annotated jack straw yeah it's really taxing dealing with one customer after another . i ran my own for a while too , and worked for a private school . i'd rather be the guy locked in a server room running the mainframe and ... well i'm good at both arts and sciences . i use both left and right part of my brain equally . i was surprised to find that infj type was not really scientific or technology oriented because i've had a slew of computer repair jobs since i was 13 . computers are a huge part of my life . i've ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k7dCqxIN1cc the annotated cassidy i know a guy exactly like that somewhere else online . acts like a troll , loves attention . i always think people like that are pretty funny . you just can't take anything they say seriously . ehh , don't come in another type forum and do a drive-by post like that . at least explain why you think everyone in here is lying , at least then i could respect your post , but as it stands there is no ... thanks , we're just regular people like you though ha ! i'm going to have to agree on that . though i'm not extremely sociable in person right now , i still would prefer to meet someone in person , be friends first then decide if i want to pursue something ... sounds about right . i too can better express myself typing . for me it's not the rejection that makes me stay away from people it's the trust . right now i only have one person in person who i trust to ... you are really fascinating and i want to hear more of your thoughts . interesting . i will have to read more into the other types . don't be afraid of rejection from other types . we are all human , so lets not get so lost in types and labels that we forget we are all of the same species , made from the same matter that made this ... ok i'll say it . are all infps generally so cute and adorable with such high energy ? i don't know anyone like this :/ yeah i agree with annabee . i'm nice and i care a lot about people in general , but i'm not so good at showing it or being so lubby dubby . it's nice to be on the other end of encouragement . it was really nice of you to come over here and comfort those in need . thank you . i don't know if i've even met an infp but if most of them are even ... though i did not like having to do that , i am glad for the experience . it taught me a lot about marketing tactics and now there is no way i can get manipulated by a sales person , not that i could ... i feel that makes me a great and impartial mediator . i can feel both side's emotions and understand both points of view and respect them both . i may not agree with one side but i can understand . can it be both ? sometimes if someone is sad about something i can become sad too and it's like being in their shoes . but i get what you mean . it can be pretty taxing to take on so many people's emotional needs you often forget your own . yeah , it's one of those type of jobs . it's my second job so i'm really just starting out , needed something temporary to get me to where i wanna go , which would be a job with very low social ... i listened to a few playlists of their live shows from the late 90s . i liked it . looking forward to hearing studio today . to answer your question . i'm opening up everyday to a community of at least 100 strangers to me , a risk i am willing to take to help me understand myself better . i have in the past been kinda open ... that is sop for me when i talk on mic . i never leave if fully on or on voice activation . always ptt . 8-16 hours a month , nice . i always had that problem in relationships when the other person would complain i didn't spend enough time with them just because i'm not paying attention to them all day ... and lets be honest , when we want to pick our nose or fart it gets real awkward on cam :P grateful dead ( live ` 78 ) - estimated prophet / shakedown st . / fire on the mt / sugar magnolia https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uaQ1vXdf1Q0 i was listening to some youtube playlists of phish today while working on computers . it's good background music when you don't want to be distracted from a task . i'm gonna keep exploring them today . being alone is f * cking awesome . being in a relationship with yourself , i can kinda see that with myself . doorslams are my ultimate way of telling someone i'm pissed and leave me alone ! we're not mother theresa , thank you ! i think any types can work together if both people take the time to understand each other's type , because when you don't understand your partner's type and ... everyone has their view on sex , it's neither right nor wrong . so please don't misunderstand me and think that i am trying to push my vision of sex on everyone . i love your personality already . welcome to our community . you're artistic and scientific like i am , i'm sure we can have some great discussions and i'm looking forward to it . that's just how i am . i'm not holding it on a pedestal . i realized ultimately it's a basic biological function to reproduce . but i've had casual sex and it really isn't anything great for me . so i ... sometimes i do think about being with someone , because when i was i loved the affection and giving that affection . but i don't think about dating though . and i don't think about sex all time and ... pretty much . also , can't speak for other infjs but i'm not into dating people i don't know well or one night stands . usually i'm good friends with someone before i start to have romantic feelings ... ha ! i will have to look into these bands , i think i'll like them . do you recommend anything to start with for phish ? or will any random jam be a good intro ? seems about right . police are suppose to serve and protect , not harass . they are suppose to be more morally upstanding than the average citizen , not less . i don't know if it's the power that ... well put . i've said it before , mbti type should be used as a guide at best because anyone can have a quality that contradicts their type . i think it's kinda weird how people are objectifying the infj ... i'd just like to say i in no way supported what hitler did during the war , i'm just going to give an unbiased view on the matter of him being infj because i can do that . that's interesting . it's a ... eh yeah , kinda . gaming is one thing , it's more efficient to communicate orders / tactics then moving your hand off the mouse to type leaving you open to attack . i'm speaking more of when normally i would just text ... '