' hugs ! ! ! welcome ! i am an enfp 7w8 . sx / so . ( ( ( hugs ) ) ) hi @ guitarkat ! love your name ! i am looking forward to reading your posts ! welcome ! dear anon , come on , just tell like it is . you need to stop this lying . me 749 - the gentle spirit - yes ! i have always known i was a healer . i am also in the healing profession ( body work as a phyiscl therapist ) . the 749 is the 7 that is the most elusive , liquid and ... i like beards . my so has a beard and most of the men i have dated have had them . i love how they feel and i think they look very sexy . : kitteh : it is great that enfps are able to pick up and run with forgetting the mbti recommendations rules ? ? ? we don't need no stinkin ' rules ! ! ! lol misfist , nerdy , weirdos - please apply ... i am not really fluent yet in my understanding instinctual variant and what is contra flow . tips please ? : kitteh : i have been blessed to be surrounded by good friends ! ones that will look at you and say ... i am going to tell you this , because you need to hear it ! ( and i thought i just had spinach in my ... fellow enfps and their sos . forgetting the mbti recommendation of who will actually complete us . who are we really drawn to like a moth to a flame ? and why ? ? ? my so is an isfp . i have had longterm ... i really like how an enfp posts to thread , their abilty to paint with words . i enjoy spending most of my time in the enfp forums here on perc . :p roud : it is also an enfp thing . i make break tasks up into smaller parts and make shorter deadlines . i also set frequent reminders on my smart phone and on my calendar . this helps me ... even though i ... i welcome ... no crave change : crazy : dear anon , i am in a very happy place right now . happy heart . can you feel it ? cuz i am broadcasting higher vibrations ! enfp ! ha ! ! ! you rock ! ! ! pumpkineater : laughing : this poem struck a chord with me today ... but all was silence . like everyone in his place he had been neutralized , made grey and anonymous . the scene was for me one of ordered desolation . it was as ... this poem struck a chord with me today ... but all was silence . like everyone in his place he had been neutralized , made grey and anonymous . the scene was for me one of ordered desolation . it was as ... very observant pumpkineater it is five guys ! lol i was waiting to pick up our to go order and this was the first time to wear the kyanite . it has since become a all the light blue ( glowing ) color ... i was given a blue kyanite by a caring friend . i wear it everyday . i was told it was a very strong and protective stone . 64626 64627 i think being adhd goes hand in hand with enfp . adhd tends to run in families . my twin sister and i both have it . both of my sons have it . only one of us took meds and he was able to take himself off ... welcome comradeinfp have fun surfing the forums on perc : happy : dear anon , i am deep cleaning my house . that says it all ... ha holy cow ! ! this feels like the 5th or 6th thread i have seen on cheating , would you cheat , should you cheat , would help someone cheat ... ok ok ok so my friend wants to be fwb ! ! ! i confess ! ! ... 6431164310 izzy ~ :p roud : 6431264313 mew :p roud : remove the distractions ! ie phone with text message and facebook notices . i tell persisent friends to stop texting me when i drive . i am adhd and feel compelled to look at my phone . the story ... congratz ! ! ! :p roud : hi johnny appleshy it is nice to meet you ! i am looking forward to reading some of your posts . i lurk in other mbti type forums too :p roud : hi huggsx 3 welcome to perc ! one of my best friends is an enfj . i am looking forward to reading your posts . : happy : hi ! welcome to perc . : happy : welcome tessavictoria ! welcome jay innuolo have fun surfing the forums : happy : aqualung i loved this ! ball pits are fun ! i watched the video while listening to howie day : collide ... it really fit . i declare you totally awesome ! you make me giggle uncontrollably at my desk and this is a problem , because it gives me away . that i am on perc , listening to pandora and not actually getting my ... i declare you totally awesome ! you make me giggle uncontrollably at my desk and this is a problem , because it gives me away . that i am on perc , listening to pandora and not actually getting my ... welcome snoot ! i love your avatar ! chocolate is an important part of my day too . as is coffee : tongue : and i love your signature comic ! ! ! as an enfp , i am very forgiving . i will give 2nd - 3rd - 4th chances up to a point . i am very conscious of another ' feelings . forgetting birthdays and special events used to hurt me a lot . i would be sad ... 64048 too cute not to share :p roud : dear anon , i always , always , always have so much fun when i am with you ! ! ! i think you are amazing ! ! ! * my heart is dancing , skipping , whistling a lovely tune * hugs ! ! ! me wow - that jacket you are wearing is really bright ! ! ! only you can rock it like that ! i love your laugh , other people will politely chuckle at my jokes ... but you laugh with all your heart . where have you been all my life you always surprise me . ( talking about my vast ... just be yourself . even your avatar is perfect - spock ! i am attracted to the stand offish intelligence of an intj . i am drawn to you like a moth to a flame . your introversion will ... congatz lifeisanillusion ! hi doublemasked welcome ! cool 15 and yes i saw the gorilla my twin sister is estj . i love her ! she is my hero . estjs are strong , driven , abrasive weed wackers that often don't understand or see how they can affect others . they are also efficient , ... dear anon , i miss you ... glad you are coming home . me kate , i am lifting you , your babies , loved ones , and family up in prayers . i am so happy that you are in rehab . i know that you are getting some of the very best care there . prayers , good ... this resonated with me . i am an enfp , but i have also been guilty of this . sorry ... you do have a right to vent . '