' i'm not sure if an istp would have so many metaphors , symbolicism and references to history and stories ? ... it's like he takes pleasure to rewrite the classical stories and the well know history ... yes - i love his writing as well - very nostalgic as you pointed out , and also he choose his words very carefully . i also love to see the historical references in his books . both ( history & ... thank you for bringing up rr martin's type , i've always been interested in typing authors & the way they build their world , characters & tell their stories - this tell us a lot about the characters ... fe is about interaction with the others - it could be about being nice , but unhealthy fe could also be very forceful - trying to enforce the social rules or whatever the social norms should be ... aren't romeo & juliet the same type ? that's why they convinced themselves to have the same end with the same very fi reasoning : us vs the world and death is the only solution . both infps imo . this - i'm a big fan of the book and never believed the xnfj theories , i think people like her and wanted her to be their type . elizabeth is all over place in the way she thinks , she sees lots of ... ok thank for your help ! i don't think i'm an egomaniac ... it's just we are working in a field where things change fast so - for me at least - there is always new inputs to be added to a system & ... wastingpotential actually it's like tamehagane said , it's because his ideas worked , so his ti / si is pretty closed off to new inputs - but i think it could work for more things and better with some ... hi intp ! i have question , any help is welcome , thank in advance . i have this intp colleague , he's very smart & everything , we get along great . but , it's very difficult to convince him of ... anyone watching this ? being french & loving french history , there is no way i'd miss the tv show . it's on netflix & also on bbc 2 . it was filmed in multiples french castle & the setting is ... agreed with littlemissfreedom yes , fi is about personal value , depending on your upbringing & your life experience , you can come to value social graces . and it sounds fi the way you value being ... i think you're an nfp - enfp or infp i see lots of ne : jumping from subject to subject - cannot complete open tasks - cannot stick to schedule - curiosity - imagination - want your ideas to be ... i'm mainly watching the tv show because it's not hard to follow ( & it's not the best show ever so i don't care if i miss some part of the story ) & i can watch it on my second computer screen when i'm ... i just discovered glee and i'm watching it while working from home ( it's the perfect tv show for this ! - lots of songs and easy to follow story ) i'm pretty sure rachel is an enfj . she seems to ... like lots of you guys here - i don't get along with most exsps . especially estps . i don't like primary se in my face . it makes me feel uncomfortable and awkward in my skin . as for the n's . it's ... pit thanks for your answers - seems like for nts , te keeps ni in check most of the time , the same i suppose for ti / ne . the thinking function keeps the intuitive function in check . dare i like how ... sparklehorsette angelcat typethisperson yes yes , agreed , estp for euron in the show , he's really crazy af . in the book , i would type him entp - way too loose & adventure seeking to be an entj ... i think as human we as conditioned to seek-out mates with harmonious / symmetrical features because they are supposed to have better genes . i don't think the inj are totally immune to this . in the ... to answer abitsilly i think some functions are easier to get along with than others , i don't think 4 mbti letters would define our perfect match at 100 % but yes , i think we usually have preferences ... this , my intj husband said exactly the same thing . songs unsung yep , it could be surprising that intjs can be picky about physical appearance . i've discussed it multiple times with my intj ... god of whine and tits agreed , esfj with well developed ter ne & entp with well developed fe can get along great & they can help the other one develop their lower functions . i find esfj with developed ... so nice to read you , another entp female with an intj . i married one too , as you said , he is very closed off too - he's not emotionally demonstrative or supportive & he can be quite bossy when te ... thanks for this post - loved reading about the entp female . i think it's hard to type an entp female . in real we are usually not the the cliche of the argumentative / crazy entp . we have very well ... yes , hunger games , katniss istp / peeta exfj - i was actually happy katniss choose peeta over the entj gale . angelcat ahah loved alias & their estp / infj interactions . dark matter - portia lin ... brightflashes this . i used to have fitbit , but gave it up and now i'm using a polar range product . fitbit is great for what you are looking for - tracking sleep and steps , it's quite accurate but ... did you ever felt unrequited love for someone ? or had someone loving you but you don't love them back ? i was wondering if unrequited / irrational love have something to do with the functions on both ... ahah , you're an istp ( i checked your profile :-) ) i'm totally ready to believe that it comes easier to you ! for me , sport , gymnastics & ashtanga yoga ( a difficult / intense form of power yoga i've ... 1st question : very interesting answers , thanks , it helps me understand better , i used to associate ti with system building , but i guess we are talking about different kind of systems 3rd ... you said this i agreed with this , especially the j and sj part i think sp are better at sports , especially when we are talking about high level sports ( se ) , when they are interested in it , but i ... honestly i think it's not untypical of si tertiary - si is very much about how our body feels , our bodily needs etc . si needs to feel good in its body and can be very paranoid about health related ... functionally speaking : i would say the ntjs women have a few more expensive / expensive looking clothes for important occasions and plain clothes for work . they won't have a lot of clothes , only ... gosh , that's the cutest thing ever . we're an entp / intj couple ( my husband , the dad is the intj , just like you ) , our son is an entp as well , daughter is an entj . and yes my intj husband becomes crazy ... pyrrhus of epirus - estp scipio africanus - esfp / enfp ? gaius marius - obviously entj like his nephew ceasar with whom his was close - even his ennemy sulla said he saw many a marius in caesar ... sorry to say that but i don't agree with your definition of fe / fi , i think that's why we don't agree on her typing . fe also speaks it's mind - fe primary can be very overbearing by speaking up its ... love this post , especially the first page . i have to say i'm reading a historical biography right now about roman emperors and i'm mostly impressed with augustus and also 100 % sure he's an intj . he ... the are great for all the things mentioned above by other people it's not their quiet nature that i find weird , it's their incapability to act . ti + si = overthinking + impossible desire for ... fist how do you know she has her own specific set of value ? is that something she shares in public tv interviews ? i'm a fe user and i also have my own set of value . fe user have common value like ... she uses fe for sure - i can't see an fi user being so expressive and bubbly and everything that goes with fe . she's very outspoken and all over the place but in a nice way . it's like the hallmark of ... agreed with the isfp for him for estp for her typing , it seem to be the consensus typing as well . i honestly can't see any of them as an infp or enfp - i can't see ne . angie is possibly an xnfj ... maybe the infp even wanted to take over ... sometimes it's just their way to see things , fi can get very paranoid for no goal / valid reason and will convince it self it's right . geonerd lol that's ... that's cute . i find my infp friends cute & nice too . i find it refreshing an entp guy who's not with a nice & homely fe girl , like , wait ... almost every entp guy i've ever met : crazy : also , you ... owlsvoice i like them as friends . pros : they are really smart , witty and have a very interesting point of view on lots of things . when our interests are aligned , we have the best ... molamola would love to know as well . how enfp of you to have an idea and let other people fill in ahah - no offense . stathamspeacoat intj - when upset will withdrawn ( fi ) , so you feel like you ... i'm for gender equality , men and women should both be able to be called bitchy : crazy : for me being bitchy is being rude , impolite , selfish and ignoring social graces and other people . i'm more ... they are common - but the things that makes people think we are enfps comes from fe & ne not the enneagram . people have so many stereotypes about thinkers vs feelers . as primary ne yes we can ... love this . i feel like i'm not the only person who watches this show now ahah :-) margaret is obviously entj - as the real margaret probably was - she was probably one of the smartest woman of her ... overthinker nearsification so 4 packs are the upper packs without the lower ones right ? do i need to google pictures ? : crazy : sounds yummy to me . i've always wondered if my follow entps are ... it is known that the best partner for an enfp is a panda or a rainbow colored cat . on a side note i don't think fe / fi auxiliary mix all that well - theoretically at least . fe plays the mom / dad ... rexmaximus i like brandon sanderson too , ahah ! i've read elantris when it came out a long time ago and i'm reading him book since then . i'm pretty sure he's an intj himself - the way he construct his ... are you sure you're not an infp ? you seem to be pretty high and excited ( ne ) , kind of all over the place ( ne ) and very sensitive to other peoples ' words ( fi ) , i would imagine infj's ni + ti tertiary ... '