' yea your brain isn't fully developed until 25 so i would hang in there until that happens . human development is a long ass time . btw you sound like an enneagram 6 . your nice to people and have ... i remember my first beer . just messing haha . btw i like your username structure just because ur incompetent at life doesn't mean u need to be anonymously aggressive no weird ? i thought istps were quite the opposite , cool . or maybe you meant a different weird . pun unintended . lack of motivation is directly related with low self esteem . everyone has some type of motivation whether it be as simple as food , sex or more complex like understanding one's environment to be more ... seems like you istps are bosses at them . video games seem like an activity that sps in general really enjoy and thrive at . nts play them but usually suckk . 1 ) how would you classify your drinking habits ? socially ? glass of wine with dinner ? total alcoholic ? abstainer etc . social drinker but manifests as borderline alcoholism ( i go to the # 1 ... walt-entj-always busy , interacting with external world . obviously intuitive saul-enfj , possibly entp skyler - infp , fi naiveness . introverts ethical problems . takes action subjectively and ignores ... r u okay yea im fine r u sure ur not upset ? yes ... my friends who r stoners find ways to rationalize there smoking but ultimately i think its bad . i guess u could say pathetic . they love bein high and they forget they have things to do in life ... agreed . just watched a lot of his interviews . it seemed natural for him to be in the outer world ( extravert ) . he seems to talk from the heart . enfp . 118 and 18 . that doesnt mean i cant be right ? ya i guess psychology and maybe science in general isn't right for me . i just read this guys post and i think hes spot on the theories that they come up with in psych are through te . and i need it to ... ! ! ! thats how all my posts seem to end up . look at my last started thread we argued over a good 25 posts . i dont know y people think its so entertaining . i probly have to stop tho cause i got an ... compared to people on this forum , and everyone i meet it is . most people here are around 130 . not sure where the people who bring down the mean are but with the people who i am around 118 is low . u still havent actually provided any reasoning for how my logic is flawed . and actually ' real ' science agrees with me that bigger brains are smarter . correlations are around 0.4 of brain size and iq ... [ quote =D iamonddays ; 3265043 ] dude chill out . your deduction is flawed because your evidence is anecdotal . ergo it's not evidence at all .  ... comon just cause its not scientific enough doesnt mean ... aww thanks . how sweet of you and congratz to u on ur high iq . too bad ur an your an ignorant fool i really feel bad for u . ps : instead of being facetious about my deduction how bout u actually point ... yes definitely . thats why my iq is only 118 cause i have a very tiny head . my sister has the same head size and iq even though she is esfj . thats why i think mbti has nothing to do with iq . head size ... na . i dont have a long enough attention span to finish the test meth , coke , heroin , bath salts , u kno watever stimulation fits the mood im not one of those hardcore atheists who like have a hate for religion . but i just dont see how the idea of a god can be logical with all of the suffering in the world watever hela ... uve obviously never had intense existential thoughts ... not that simple . having thoughts played over and over again that noone has the answers to or cannot be solved lol a slight exaggeration .. what do u mean thats the crappy part ? and it already makes sense to me . yea i guess ... i just dont get why people put so much emphasis on spelling / grammar . as long as you understand what im saying nothing else should matter . thats the whole point of communication not to ... lovin the feedback yoo for me these thoughts are always in the back of my head . i find it hard to do anything now as i just cant get over the question of what / why is everything . i keep forgetting the reality that we will ... i very rarely get angry even if someone does something intentionally mean sometimes i have to make myself seem angry so that they can see i have a limit . on the other hand people think i am angry a ... i dont even care what you think anymore your a moron . instead of arguing ur deflecting by saying my knowledge is lacking . knowledge is understanding and your understand of feeling vs thinking is ... no it wasnt it was u who posted that website and ur like here this will help u understand . and i read that website and it said dont confuse feelers with emotions but they are wrong.ur wrong . feelers ... im not arguing a different point ? ? ? im still arguing the same one that feelers use emotions and dont care if they are wrong while thinkers are logical and dont care if it hurts someone . that was the ... ok u just completely deflected my points . i replied to domm with like 4 posts proving him wrong and u nor him replied to any of them . i understand if ur not capable of responding so ur waiting for ... ya and it wasnt just 7 min it was like several hours ! ! ! i just checked his profile adhr 26 and hes still viewing it right now ! ! ! like if u do t respond im just gonna assume u dont know wat to say ... lol i understand but i wasnt even refering to i was talkinhg to that adh fellow he was viewing this thread for ever and never responded ... please just understand that im right so i can go to bed . youve been viewing this thread forever i can see from your profile when are u gonna say something ? this girl in my graduating class was a national merit finalist so she could obviously think rationally but she was such a feeler that i couldnt even argue with her about anything without her getting ... as far as im considerned feelers use emotional intelligence and thinkers use logical intelligence and ya exactly its a preference ! wat do u mean nothing more ? in an argument a feeler will prefer to judge off feelings while thinker will prefer to judge off logic yea there are different degrees of feeling and thinking in people . but a feeler will make decisions most of the time with there domintant feeling type with means they will not take into account ... infps do not like to deal with hard facts and logic . their focus on their feelings and the human condition makes it difficult for them to deal with impersonal judgment . they don't understand or ... when i make a decision i base it off pure reasoning though not on whether it will make me or others happy . wat ? you are deflecting the point . thinkers use mainly logic . feelers use mainly emotions omg dude yes u did u said mabe psych isnt for u . and yes thinking and feeling are opposites ! ! it doesnt matter if your decision is based off logic that is illogical its still based off logic .. lol ur sitting here telling me psych isnt for me or that i need to learn more when ur ignorant as shit and im educating you ... thats the whole point of the thinking / feeling thing . thinkers base ... no ... ur also confused . feelers base their decisions off emotions while thinkers base their decisions of logic ehh thats not completely true . intp's love theories and in psychology theres plenty of theories to learn and mess around with . i just hate when i am tested on rediculous theories by multiple choice . nope your wrong . your confused . i dont ' feel ' like the theories are right because when i think about them logically they dont make sense to me and i get frustrated . its based off reason not feeling ... '