' i wrote her on skype that i understand that it was shocking for her to hear it , but i wanted to be honest and tell her the truth . she said okay . then i asked her if the accepts it ( that i love her ) , she ... in addition to my previous issue : she is not ignoring me and is still willing to talk with me . i asked her whether she accept it ( that i love her ) and she said that not too much ... thank you ! : happy : jessmk 7 , im really happy about this post.does it mean that she feel something towards me according to her reaction ? what are the chances that she wil stay friends with me ? she is straight . i know , you dont need to tell me that i totally screwed this up ... bobdaduck , i wonder how easily you can be sure that she wont reject any future involvements with me including friendship . i would like to know why you believe that she will accept it-can you answer ... if she would decide to express herself in this issue and will deny this kind of relationship , would still some chances for me to stay friends with her exist ? it goes against her character , however it ... thats exactly it . yes , i found out that i skipped a chapter , unfortunately.and i was quite vague , because of little time i had ... did you initiate your situation or she ? what kind of emotional price ? i was recommended to re-locate my issue here . original thread is here : http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/65463-please-ingenious-help-me-do-not-f-k-up-my-relationship-more-2.html and here ... are you 100 % sure ? what can guarantee that im fine ? for now i can only wait until she will initiate conversation on skype ( where we usually talk ) , because i dont want to press on her-she hasnt been on ... thank you very much , out 0fammo ! the situation is : today i have just told my female friend that i am ( mentally ) attracted to her and i , in fact , love her-i quote . she smiled when i said that i am attracted to her , but rolled her eyes ... but what if i emotionally traumatized her ? - what could be very likely that had happened . is there any chance how to persuade her that i dont pose a danger for her ? - is it possible at all to convince ... well , you need to take in account that the country where i live , slovakia , isnt very accepting of lgbt community that much ; there was a gay pride last year , but it is still more of an curiosity than ... note for all of you : you do not need to answer my questions below in this thread - that i wrote in a response for a first ( ! ) reaction on this thread-only if you would like to , but consider it to be more ... thank you for an explanation , but it does not answered my question at all . i am feeler , so i know what it is being at myself ... but it is not clear to me how does a thinker come to only blame others ... thank you , thank you very much ! i did not expect a reaction in such a short time . ( looks like my bold strategy succeed ! ) i know they are very practical-our istjs ... but i am more interested in her ... i can strongly relate to this ! and i dont get how istjs can never get bored with who they are and dont try to change themselves.can please some istj explain it to me ? thinkers does not get mad at themselves ? are you sure that all t types do not ? the situation is : today i have just told my female friend that i am ( mentally ) attracted to her and i , in fact , love her-i quote . she smiled when i said that i am attracted to her , but rolled her ... well , im still little bit unsure about my type from time to time.but im sure i must be infp-what else could i be ? :) ( everyone says that im infp . ) sometimes i think i might be isfj because of my caring ... im infp and agnostic ... definitely t , because they calm me down . it is true , but people need to categorize , so we cannot avoid it . yes , thats exactly it-how to prove them ... i either talk with peope from my fantasy-i have lived in some fantasy life in my head since early childhood , but not the that one , to which i slip from time to ... it fits on me-in my alone time i visualize talking to some people , but i basically come off introverted , because of my partial sa and some other fears / assumptions . i sometimes yearn to go to parties ... hi ! im just curious whether are there any people from slovakia-i would like to know ... how to get istj , who doesn ´ t care what you ´ re talking about and ignores your question to talk to you ? is it even possible to get istj , who has indifferent attitude towards almost everything , to talk ... how do you do that ? ? ? : confused : - i would really love to learn it : tongue : very-very good idea ! i ´ m going to try to remark something about his awkwardness and i ´ ll accentuate the fact that he still didn ´ t answer me my question i asked him before ... or i ´ ll try to ask as ... excellent pictures ! i hope you ´ ll post more of them ... keep it up ! i am able to recognize only istjs ... especially teenage istj ´ s : square glasses , big and square heads , the most common eye color is dark brown , unemotional and concentrated ( somewhat suspicious ) face ... of course noone answered my previous question / questions from the page 1 , but nevermind-i already spoke to this istj , but he ignored me-he ignored my question though i was loooking on him-it was as if i ... pictures are in attachments , cuz i don ´ t know how to add them into the message i ´ m saying that i stared at him ( not only once ) and i think that i annoyed him . by socionics mostly , little bit by mbti too ... : laughing : anyway , it ´ s quite easy to determine it by his look : he has ... l for me is people-watching purely instinctual-i have been doing it since my very childhood : observing kids playing , talking together , but i was rarely participating in any activity-i like ... well , but that is you-this concrete istj is not the type that is bold enought to ask me a question ... : frustrating : and i am not very keen on idea of talking to him to no purpose ( when not asking for ... hmm ... so you are saying he likes me though it was me who stared at him heavily ? - he likes me , because i showed so much interest in him , or what ? : crazy :: laughing : so he now likes me ... : cool :: laughing : ... what do you think about silent people gazing at you , obviously waiting near the school for you to come-then gazing at you and trying to catch you up ( maybe to say you something-but yo don ´ t know that ) ? ... istjs-what do you think about silent people gazing at you , obviously waiting near the school for you to come-then gazing at you and trying to catch you up ( maybe to say you something-but yo don ´ t know ... rewired : the post-cyberpunk anthology ( james patrick kelly & john kessel ) the golden age ( by john c.wright ) sandkings , song for lya , glass flower ( by george r . r . martin ) i ´ m into sci-fi ( and ... '