i would take him myself but we are not seeing each other for a few months and i'm not sure he'd be willing to go seeing as he is okay when i'm there and could easily justify his not needing to go to ... i don't know where else to go so let's try asking here . i have been in a long-distance relationship for more than 3 years now . he has been depressed this entire time and pretty much only shows joy ... i'm sorry for using this website only as a way to vent but i need to vent right now to calm my anxiety down . i'm the type of person who gains friends randomly ( i guess most people are ) but then i ... i am currently at university in communication studies ( i actually don't know it the name is different in english ) . i am mainly interested in the effects of media . i'm also considering going into ... wow , haven't posted on this thread in a long time . my relationships right now are going to crapville . one of my friends just got annoyed at me for saying « i don't know » when she asked what she ... i wasn't that excited about don jon but then i saw this clip where he speaks french and i would buy anything from him now : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UIF8EE31jag french is my first language ... i started rewatching the first 2 seasons and i sincerely didn't find skylar annoying . yeah , she does nag a whole bunch but her husband lies to her constantly , is never there and shuts her out ... i didn't like it so much . i had pretty much not cared for this show for a long time now but i still wanted to see the ending so i pushed myself through the disaster that was these last seasons . the ... gilda , for a gender and sexuality in cinema class . i ate a celery cream soup with croutons in it . it was so yummy = 3 i just finally finished bioshock 2 . i would only play for half an hour at times , cause i couldn't get into it as much as the first game . that being said , the ending was quite interesting and i'm glad ... hello , i would like my username to be changed to azura nova thanks ! can you explain why you think she was such a poor ruler in adwd ? i read back a summary of her chapters online to see if i missed anything but it seems to me she always acted with her heart and even ... i have so many things to look up now D= . i'd like to back up such amazing things that were mentionned such as : the persona series , epic rap battles ( seriously i've seen all of these and they are so ... feel the need to share your love for something ? recommend something here you'd think your fellow infps would like ! possibles types of recommendations may include : - movies - tv shows - books ... i do often , if not always , feel the need for positive reinforcement or just general appreciation for the nice things i do . i wouldn't say i throw fits because of it though . it might be because i've ... i choose some movies for cinematography alone , some for viewing experience , some for sentimental reasons and some for all around quality movies . in no particular order : 40 . eternal sunshine of the ... haha yes i remember watching some of those literal videos . this was my personal fav : http://youtu.be/zZaiB9jYCxI haha ok true . i still think both targaryens and lannisters are too healthy but yeah both famillies have weird mental states . i do remember a quote from either the show or the book where it says when ... right but inbreeding leads to deformities , diseases and mental retardation . joffrey , marcella and tommen are all healthy . not sure what bad genes joffrey got , to become the little dipshit he is xd ... hahaha i was just going to add that grrm might change it cause he likes to surprise people . the theory does make sense though . how about rickon on the throne ? i always thought him and tommen ... i doubt grrm would go for something as predictable as dany taking the throne and i do think that tyrion will die near the end ( probably in a grand gesture leading to the reign of the last king / queen ... mass effect 2 . i don't know why i took so much time to start this , seeing as i finished the first one about 2 years ago . a pork loin chop with ' ' steamed ' broccoli and cauliflower . most balanced meal i've had in a long time . also i stole a few cookies from my dad . edited for honesty purposes watching zero dark thirty . not really getting into it so i'm doing other things at the same time neck and back massage a clear idea of my future an appartment to call my own . how to relieve back pain when working in retail . my life is grim =/ same as above , i got 4w5 , 9w1 and 6w5 . to be honest i changed my answers twice because i know i'm a 4w5 and i got 2w1 at first and then 9w1 . i was getting psyched for christmas and trying to find ideas to make it fun this year and also trying to find fun gift ideas for everyone i know , but in a short amount of time , pretty much everyone i ... wondering if i should eat a slice of my birthday cake that my dad just begrudgingly bought me and almost threw at my face . i wanted a cake so i could share it with my family but my dad thinks i'm ... i feel like i have a weird oral fixation , not in a sexual way , but i just tend to bring anything up to my lips ( freud anyone ? ) . although i'm not a nail biter , i constantly bring my fingers up to my ... drowning ... amy poehler , along with her photoshop notes <3 http://d30opm7hsgivgh.cloudfront.net/upload/26241235_gekx1N5X_c.jpg http://d30opm7hsgivgh.cloudfront.net/upload/286677641_2EtQNrzH_c.jpg http://assets1.pinimg.com/upload/276631260_rOwcEYnT_c.jpg http://assets2.pinimg.com/upload/276557203_L0OSFgWq_c.jpg ... i feel angry and sad at the same time . it basically looks like me grinding my teeth and holding back tears . i don't know what to do anymore , things have to change . kind of feel like nothing's right .. or nothing i do is right i'm so tired ... a little bit physically but so much emotionally . i took a sleeping pill but i know i'm going to have trouble falling asleep tonight .. fuu this ! my wedding would be a picnic of some sort ( no priest or other people invited ) traditional or themed ? my picnic would definitely be themed . perhaps something 50 ' s inspired , just so i ... i would like to see pics of these meetings , not that i am a creepy stalker or anything ... watching doctor who and eating ramen ... #fridaynightlife giving doctor who a try . it's basically the only thing that pops up on my tumblr nowadays ... http://your-free-photos.net/Puppy-Tastes-a-Lime-for-the-First-Time.gif i recently started watching parenthood ( almost done with season 2 ) and i find it really interesting . the acting is excellent and the family situations just make me emotional ( happy and sad ) . i ... that is a good point , i don't think i know what i want others to understand . i should probably just understand myself and accept who i am . it just sucks when i end up in a social situation , meeting ... ( edit : wtf is wrong with me .. writing a novel about nothing ) i just want to insanely vent ... don't read this after a lot of months of nothing , this past week has just been overwhelming .. being ... weird .. i keep switching moods from affectionate to stressed to ok to meh and now to weird . i keep saying stuff out loud like : ah-cha-cha i wish people were that cool where i'm going =( i start college again tomorrow ( i've been inactive for about 7 months * facepalm * ) and i'm quite nervous . plus sides : - no time to think negative thoughts , busy ! - tiny feeling of achievement ... i have it and i loved reading it though i do agree it was unrealistic at times . i couldn't relate so much to charlie . he was just too naive and optimistic . try to smile :D it's summer time :) time to relax , not worrying :P ( my friend trying to make sure i'm not still sad =P )