' i love feeling affectionate for the one i love and care for . i care about her very deeply . i want to protect her , make her happy , and always be by her side . i feel that romantic love is probably ... kind of an update on my past post above . whatever you'd call a friendship that you are also very close and affectionate with someone , is what i'm in now . we're not boyfriend / girlfriend , since of the ... it feels weird being in love for the first time ... there's nothing i want more now than to be with the person i love , but meeting people through online communities is hard because you don't actually ... unsure if i completely understand the question , but i am in a similar place right now . there's a person i like , i have told her i like her and she did say she is attracted to me too , but because of ... not often , but i tend to lose it more when it comes to things happening to others than myself . when feeling emotionally unstable i have ripped into people for treating friends poorly , and i become a ... i noticed i stopped coming here for a long time . used to come here every day , then i just started to feel like i didn't need to come here anymore after a while , then one day it completely stopped . i ... it depends on how you look at it . protecting others makes me happy , and i love to be there for my friends . i'm always there , lending a shoulder to lie their head on . i start swearing alot . but only when alone . i don't like disturbing others i don't believe in one single reason for living . whatever your meaning in life is , it's not pre-determined by anything but you . it's very hard to explain ... things like social etiquette i just did not understand , and in some ways , i still don't understand . that's only a tiny fragment of what i go through , its just extremely ... yeah , most of my analyzing was subconscious , but after mbti i realized this , and in turn started doing it even more . but talking about looking for the deeper meaning to life and the reasons ... this was an aquired thing for me , i didn't start doing this until something impacted me and inspired me enough to start thinking this way ugh . i'm starting to have a hard time getting to sleep . monday was also a complete mess . i haven't felt that emotionally unstable in a long time . but i'm really happy for my friends who were able to ... isfj's naturally seek validation , or just being acknowledged of what they are doing . this seems like she wanted it a little too much , or she doesn't feel like you give her enough validation and ... it's really hard to put my finger on why ... but i know i don't like seeing people sad or distressed , and i don't like being rude . and as i said , i like the feeling from helping others . maybe it's ... not exactly sure on what you are asking , but even if i'm nice to someone , i can still be annoyed with them or not want to be around them . if someone just walks up to me and starts talking to me , it ... i am truly excited for one of the first times in a very long time . been finding more communities , been getting higher up in the amount of people i talk to online , and i'm starting to find more and ... isfj , 2w1 uhh ... i really don't know . i just get a happy feeling inside by helping others i do this all the time , but at the same time , i usually don't understand what a certain expression means , but i'll still pick up on it . it also doesn't help that my aspergers makes it hard for me ... ugh . i feel so drained . i can balance school and work pretty well , but i had to take someone else's shift this week because he couldn't be at work at all this week for an emergency . my week has ... mostly serious in real life , but not as serious on social networking sites or when speaking through the internet hello , nice to meet you ! hope you enjoy it here ! it really depends . i try to not hold a grudge , but there are certain people that i have dealt with that i absolutely never want to see again , and just the sight of them angers me . all the time ... when you care more for people you only know online and follow on social media more than you do for yourself , to the point where you feel like you are butting into their personal lives . math . mainly because traditional teaching methods just don't work with me . i need to see everything in-depth , and teachers just don't have that time to go over things so extensively , and all my ... yes , i am guilty of this ... just look at my avatar picture i am definitely a follower , and i feel awkward when in any sort of leader position . when it comes down to decisions , i tend to just go with what's going on . i don't like change , so i stick to ... thanks for the kind words <3 you can only lend your shoulder so many times before you need a shoulder to lie your head on too . sometimes just having a great friend is all it takes . my friends say ... not in the way you do , but i like to go over my actions and feelings , and decipher what they mean . i used to be fine not knowing why i'm feeling a certain way , but after i learned i was an isfj , it ... major arcana - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia it's been something i have been thinking about . also , related to me playing persona recently , wondering what i would fall under . it's hard for me to ... it's ok , we'll find a way to blame ourselves if you did :P basically , my softer side . when reading a book , or playing a game , i can get really into it , and if something drastic happens i will get sad over it , and i hate it when people say it's just a game , ... anything immoral is an immediate no . anything that makes me uncomfortable , i won't come out and say no , but i'll try and weasel my way out of it . i'm sticking to being myself . the reason i don't ... cause we are all in front of computer screens :P seriously though , if it weren't for online and anonymous interaction , i would never have gotten more friends , or be where i am at now . i scoff at ... yeah ... this is still a problem with me . even if someone deserves it , i'll feel bad about it my head's in a weird place right now ... i'm starting to get more social , both in real life , and online . i have a couple friends coming to my place sunday , and i'm starting to get to know more people ... not so much movies , but if i ever get into a game , i'm probably reading the wiki alongside it . if it has a story , i spend all my time thinking about the story , even minuscule details , and often ... conflicts have always been hard for me , but i'm slowly getting better . it's hard for me to let go of memories , because i remember them so clearly . it also helps me in future conflicts , because i ... i started to closely watch my actions , and view how my actions effect others . if i notice something i do affects someone in a negative way , i make sure that i dont do it again , and remember how ... some people don't have the same mindset as me , they just won't understand . i see my traits as something that defines me , others see it as a liability . i'm used to being emotional , i'm used to wanting ... if i'm feeling emotionally unstable , any little thing with annoy me . if i'm ever angry , i need time alone or i'll snap . but most of the time i will try and hide it as hard as i can , because despite ... some of this stuff i just learned to deal with . it's a part of me , and i don't want to change that . there are things here and there that i'm working on , but i don't see alot of things as ... i wouldn't say taking care , but i feel like i'm good for listening to others problems and at least trying to help them out . but some days i'll feel emotionally / mentally drained , and don't have the ... decided to read through this a bit more instead of just skimming it over haha , my parents know this part about me too well . they often refrain from going into detail because of this ... i was under the impression that isfj's tend to not like programming ? because that's what i want to learn and get a job in , and all the isfj type explanations i've read have posted that is a dislike ... i have traits from both infj's and esfj's , so it's not normal to not be able to find your type . i originally came off as an esfj , but after redoing the test at a different state of mind , i got isfj , ... i have been underestimated before in terms of observatory knowledge . i have a relatively good memory , and i have surprised people several times by paying attention to things that they never noticed , ... i agree with others saying that you shouldn't tell them if they are going to act hostile towards you for it . best bet is to pay close attention to your parents , and listen to anything that could ... i realized how close isfj's are to infj's after i decided to assign mbti types to characters of video games i had played ( i was really bored that day ) , and one of the characters that i was able to ... yep , i identify perfectly as a turbulent isfj . although , i am not nearly as self-conscious as i used to be . marching band in high-school was definitely a big help , i wouldn't be where i am today if i ... '