' i haven't been frequenting the boards as much because after the honeymoon stage of discovering my type , i noticed a lot of threads like this incredibly baseless accusation . i haven't made it past the ... the best way i can describe it is simple . love is not directly related to sex . my greatest love affair is platonic and incredibly fulfilling . yes , i'm a man and she's a woman , but it's been this way ... baby don't hurt me come on . that was absolutely necessary . when , as you browse an article on wikipedia , you notice many of the provided in-text links are purple . i always tell myself women are intimidated by me , that's why i get no response . extremely egotistical , but i feel better . actually , in all honesty ; i've tried the online dating for a while but ... when you get extreme anxiety after seeing that someone left you a voicemail ; you ignore it for 2 weeks , opting to text them what's up instead of listening to it . sometimes . there are times when that vibrate sends chills through my spine like nails on a chalkboard though . when you keep your phone on silent at all times , no matter what . silence . normally in situations like these , when my words are going over someone's head , i'll revert to amusing myself by setting their baited hook with another device , thus making their bait my bait , ... i have the ambigram illuminati tattooed on my forearm . i need to note that it was put on my skin before tom hanks . i hate when people associate my 5 year old tattoo to a 3 year old movie . oh ... our sleep patterns cannot be classified . it happens when it happens . take what you can get . when i do decide to write laugh out loud , how should i do it ? lol ? lol ? lol ? lol ? lol ? fuck it . i thought this was about wandering , literally . because i wander around sheepishly all the time education is an admirable thing , but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing worth knowing is taught . - oscar wilde by and far my favorite author / poet / satirist of all time . you look incredibly similar to a woman i once knew ... pointless comment , but a compliment - she was beautiful . / brown-nosing :) it must be wonderful in the summer :) :p roud : touche madame : cool : this is exactly why i want to become a phd and teach at a university - students who want to be there with an interest . i remember reading that intps have an inclination to discuss topics only with ... philosophy is the field i chose . my suggestion is to look for something you do everyday in your head . mine is philosophize . i can't believe that's a word ! i knew it was the right choice when i ... when you answer your own rhetorical question with facts . love the chet painting man intelligence is easy - there's no tone of persuasion in her voice , she knows what she's talking about and doesn't care if you believe her or not . confidence on the other hand , i can't tell you ... no no no ... it's what's for dinner man , can't get it on amazon . 1 . smarts ; knows what she's talking about 2 . looks ; i adore tall dark women 3 . confidence ; one's who know they're awesome 4 . drama free ; and don't care about their girlfriends problems if she's ... or the owl in tootsie pop commercials ? he was a sneaky bastard , making his own rules like chomping on the tootsie pop without licking it all the way . does what he wants . intp . 31504 doesn't ... being a mothafuckin g . being drunk . not giving a shit . 3148931490 3149131492 eh , what the hell . pulled these off my facebook , which i re-activated a few weeks ago . blasted thing . i'm feeling open today that's all i would ask . for a thank . hehehe haha , well i have 2 of those 3 ... but sadly i don't own argyle . :P just bought an argyle sweater actually , old man style [ with buttons ] :D well that was nowhere near enjoyable ; but i feel like a man's man now . it's about 40 % of what it was , in case anyone happens to fall upon this in the future . this is either super admirable and brave or incredibly stupid . i once read that the line between bravery and rashness is seldom seen and often crossed . fuck itt i've had really bad cramps in my lumbar region since last night , just got the striking pain and realization that it's a kidney stone . i'm currently passing it but i refuse to go to the hospital , so ... is * zing ! * appropriate here ? and welcome ! even though i'm a noob like you 8) i always look at this aspect of my life and say - i'm more in touch with genuine humanity because i know what it's like to be every kind of human . :P my confession : i am highly attracted to women ... ohaidur i've never done that before . i feel exoteric and in touch with youth of today . i had a great thought , but i failed to hold onto it . i haven't read past the first page , but i'm assuming it's entirely no . my thoughts on religion are as follows : take the power that god holds in so many people's lives - you can't dispute ... hehehe : tongue : a valiant effort from sir lemur . judging by the direction his tail is pointing , this is a shared thought . haha , he just looks like he's been swimming through that pile for hours , finally managed to escape the glut of arms and ... intp's should automatically be banished from ever being able to serve as a lifeguard . imagine the blood on one's hands . my god , what a tragedy . that is ... to be forced to pay attention to ... dragon ogre shaggoths ? did you just make a chaos reference ? ? my friend : happy : why is my eye immediately drawn to the poor fellow at the head of the hug fest who has noone to hug ? he ... visually , ne is like the librarian damned to eternal servitude via some bad karma in my mind's intrinsic library . it gets a command , goes searching and brings it to the door of my conscious , at which ... the fact that in 13 tries you managed to get zero correct even through guessing is an act of genius in itself . i applaud you . i scored 41 % and i'm not ashamed . when it comes to visual patterns , ... my initial reaction to seeing this link before i clicked it entailed the following : - a bunch of paper moving around via stop motion - a budget of a family video camera , a 500 ct pack of computer ... the antonio vivaldi composition , four seasons . 31393 alas ! i have taken another photo , but this time , of half my face .. excuse my observation , but what a beautiful backyard . we don't like rose-colored glass . we enjoy the see-through stuff instead . be direct , to the point and make sure there isn't any fluff . we reserve the fluff for when we write something . i understand ... op ; this usually happens to me when i'm with people i'm looking to impress / become closely acquainted to . a girl , a group of people where the girl may be , or just a group of people . it's then when ... the music thing is like any other form of emotion expression . writing is the other strong characteristic . we play certain music to announce how we feel because we sure as hell won't say it . when i ... '