' i think the fact that leo falls on our moon signs explains the proud heart of an infj . i've always valued honesty , self respect and dignity so much , like literally would rather be physically hurt ... he's very value oriented too , i think we can agree that atleast he's an nf :) most likely introverted i loveee the shaytards ! my guesses are shay - esfp / j mommytard-enfj sontard - infp / isfj princesstard - estj babytard - estp rocktard / brotard - too young to type but i get the feelings that ... 40 % infj 11 % intj 8 % esfp 8 % infp 6 % entj dear enfj , im so sorry for being a judgmental , overly analytical bitch lately . i know i need to stop nitpicking at our relationship and your flaws . i know that my ni is going a bit crazy lately ... a controlled arrogance is okay . by that i mean the guy is genuinely good at whatever's he's arrogant about , and he also knows he's being a little cocky about it , but has enough sense in him not too ... wear some red and do some exercise to boost up that root chakra :) ) i've done some research after i got into the topic ( like a good old infj ) and realized that having the top chakras open , or in our ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LhX6LoNZdAc everyone , this is a pretty good , easy to understand chakra video i've watched . it might help with those of us that needa work on balancing or opening ... lol everyone's third eye is over active or open . careful infjs apparently an over active third eye can cause hallucinations n stuff . now that i think about it , my lucid dreams and astral ... root : under-active ( - 75 % ) sacral : under-active ( - 19 % ) navel : under-active ( - 44 % ) heart :op en ( 6 % ) throat : under-active ( - 6 % ) third eye : over-active ( 69 % ) crown :op en ( 25 % ) this is similar to my realization too :) you know the funny thing is my estp who showed me this story commented : this is such a lonely theory , to say that we're ultimately just one person ... i think you misunderstood . what i wanted to really share here by posting this was the underlying ideas that we are mirrors of ourselves and how infinitely we are connection to the universe and our ... i know this post was made over a year ago but i just came across this and it describes the more negative aspects of my relationship with my enfj bf to a t . it's like you literally went in my head and ... i'm not sure what kind of interactions happen when someone enters the afterlife of heaven , i don't think anyone can be entirely sure . the story was never meant to be a religious fact haha , just a ... estp :) everyone , stop ' debating ' with him as he doesn't believe in debating , or the function preferences , but ironically believes in the fact that there are thinkers and feelers lol . why waste energy on ... aww it's okay you're not alone :) ! it's totally fine , clubs and bars are not an infjs natural environment anyway . plus not everyone like flirty people . i personally find them unattractive and usually ... i think with esfp girls or guys , they don't really mind when an nf is emotional , thats completely natural to them . however , as far as the infj type goes , i think we're far more analytical than ... this made me lol , well said my friend : l ahh i see , yeah my esfp friend has an infj guy chasing her atm haha . but shes all like he over-analyses too much ! lol yeah it makes sense they wouldn't go for istp girls , bet the istps will be ... op can you go into more details about this guy ? from the information you've given he can be any of the feeling types lol thats what went through my head too tbh if infjs ruled the world it'll be quite a nice place . as the fe in us would definitely make sure the decisions we make benefit other people . there'll be a pretty hectic justice system as well , ... if the infj likes you she won't flirt with you , she'll either become more reserved around you , ie paying much more attention to everyone else around you guys in a group , and will probably eye you out ... what if he was a sensing type ? what if he was an esfj or isfj ? so much sass in this thread : l and pigeons always good to know im not alone , wont get tired of hearing if haha which personality types do these infjs go for ? my favorites are esfp and estps :) ) i think i prefer perceivers as friends too lol stop internet stalking me you ! ! <3 if its something i like , sooo animated , laugh out loud type : l infjs are so cute haha i was reading through all these posts and it just made me and cos it happens to me constantly as well : l t se is like a child that's kinda out of control most of the time , immature , oblivious and obnoxious too . when i actually need to participate in a physical activity it fails me because it's absolutely ... your welcome :) what's really beautiful to me about the story was a feeling of being infinitely connected to the self and universe at large . it's unpredictable indeed i completely understand what you mean about freaking out on pot > < but it started happening for me after i had a few bad trips on acid . it's a really dark , trippy feeling . and you see and realize ... haha im glad :) i just wanted to share it so infjs can read it and ponder a little and hopefully feel warm and fuzzy like i did :) this is a story by someone that my estp friend copied and pasted to me the other day . i found the ideas in this story amazing and very much inline with some of my own views . it's a very ni-dom style ... rationalize those feelings . ask yourself are what they saying true ? are they giving me constructive critism or is it just plain aggressive ( and or passive aggressive behaviour ) due to their own ... the last time i was openly being nice cos it was this guys birthday . he ran up to his girlfriend saying i liked him = = it was the most obnoxious thing lol have you tried different therapists ? i used to go therapy for depression / anxiety and they never worked ! but recently i've finally found a good therapist ( who i suspect is some sort of nt , very ... wise words of an enfp :) i want to second what i bolded to the op . i know that it's hard when it seems like you just have absolutely no one . but you forget that it's only this stage in your life ... hey :) i usually see these more personal posts and don't reply to them because it can get kind of too intense but i felt like i need to reply to this one . i'm 19 years old , and kind of have very ... this is the first thread that's made me cry > < my god how can anyone see this as anything but romantic . and how can anyone not grasp the fact that him still speaking to her and feeling her ... i heard this analogy by an infj once , apparently that happens because our si is so overwelmed when we think about embarrassing moments that it fills up and extroverts in the form of se . haha he's really fucking awesome . i strongly encourage all nfs to go check out his channel . he has some very interesting views on typology related subjects . :) thanks for your response :) god i love enfjs you guys are just so caring and adorable just be careful not to mother him too much though , i don't think that's good for him , you , or the relationship ... sounds like you would prefer fe over fi . they're two very different ways of being ' emotional ' you might be attracted to fe the way i'm hopelessly attracted to people with an se dom , makes me feel so ... do you think all people suck or do you still have a select few that you enjoy being around ? what you're saying is completely relatable . and i don't think it has that much to do with age . i've just ... do it ! the idea seems so fun and romantic in a way haha i'm doing that too .. im in year 12 in australia . taking all the essay subjects , english , modern , ancient , ext history and ext english .. trying to do my hsc now and it's crazy stressful . i was ... oh and op goodluck with your story :) i think they'll make a great couple ! after reading your well-written post that was the idea that came into mind . i was reading the ops plot and just had this feeling that there was something off about the dynamics . after reading your ... '