' you're taking life too seriously , bro . chill . also , just be comfortable with yourself and don't hate on others ... hate is not healthy for you . even more so when you think too much about it . hi i was reading , and this idea that the author mentioned about questioning your belief came up , claiming that some beliefs might be wrong and questioning them would help correct them ... i ... i don't really see this happening from intps lol .. is that just me ? yeah i'm young . but i really think intps would avoid any kind of quick / scary progression in a relationship like that ... i think my intj friends do this a lot . i don't see it coming from me just because i don't like the same done to me , as in treat others how you want to be treated kinda principle . unless i'm ... hi , i don't wanna talk too much about them , but this year i've been reading way more than usual , and it's pretty damn hard to find good books . there are books where i couldn't even finish 2 ... finally someone has the same opinion ! people think i'm crazy when i tell them that ... this is why dr . house and sherlock are amazing . it's house and sherlock characters themselves that make the ... explain further . i'd really love to talk about this with an intj . i would 100 % ruin my friendship with the ones i know if i open this subject . their egos are too big to be checked . you don't get it . they're not pleasing people . they're pleasing their big egos . they could care less about what people think of themselves , just like us . however , they do know that they can't ... hi . i wonder how many intps can relate to this . but i've known a few intjs ( and lived with a couple ) and i've noticed they all share this similar way of lying . i think 99 % of the times , people ... lover : uhh tough one . i like the positivity and chillness of enfps but i'm not sure if it's the right type to love . i love how enfjs really care for you . i don't see a type that i'll be very 100 % ... i don't use any products other than the simple stuff i've been using for years even with very short hair . and shower takes about the same exact time . and i do it once a day , which i do with short ... i did think about it - but it seems worse than going to the barber honestly . will take about the same time but worse results . not something i'd do currently . maybe in the future though , i always ... i've been growing my hair for more than a year now . it made me a completely different person . and no , this is no exaggeration . i've always been into minimalism , nihilism , and you know the rest of ... isfjs are very nice . they don't try to control / change me at all . they are great listeners even if they don't agree with me . and they're overall understanding . they're open minded i'd say . my ... buy things for cheap , sell them for high . whether it be products , land , whatever , there's always an opportunity of flipping things and getting x5 what you start with . that's if the 100k is extra ... i know i'm so powerful . i gotta keep spreading that knawledge ! this sounds like me . it annoys me a lot of the time . i don't care most of the times , but i really hate when those plans involve other people lol . that's why i literally try to avoid any plans that ... i feel like it's not even my problem . it's the other person , that would decide to accept it or deny it , i already did my part of putting it out there . i still can't say elon is an intj . he just seems like he's intj because of how much work is required from him . he's an intp who's being pushed by mentors to achieve his crazy ideas . i think his ... i understand why a lot of people would say he's an entp . the guy has been a hugely successful businessman since he was a teenager . he's been in way too many interviews , magazines , articles , ... watch his videos from 2012 and earlier . he's an intp who acts like an intj in a lot of ways just because he became a spokeperson of one of the most important companies ever . proof he's an intp : - ... elon ? is that you ? discuss ? and yes . he's an intp . seems like the idea failed already but : it's like group texting , you can literally share whatever you want , links to articles , ideas , pictures , videos , recommend books , etc . the discussions are ... this isn't really what i was talking about . telegram is like group texting but better . and available on smart phones & computers . hello , just wondering how many of you guys would like to join a telegram group with only intps ( and then in the future inviting other types as well , to make it more interesting ) . the main goals ... http://s33.postimg.org/yu14d698f/IMG_5710.jpg http://s33.postimg.org/5c7w6c9j3/IMG_6414.jpg http://s33.postimg.org/ijyjr698f/IMG_8166.jpg http://s33.postimg.org/o11vte8u7/IMG_7588.jpg i love ... interesting . thank you . now i'm wondering why you have that arabic word in your signature . and if you know what it means . i have an intj friend that doesn't give a fuck about his health . i care for him and i feel like i should help . generally speaking , would this be a good idea ? and how would i possibly convince him ? ... like pifanjr said . but also , yeah , that's a somewhat weird activity i do activities outside . i just never do those types ! and it makes sense that you live in england . it's a location thing not a ... your comment is probably the weirdest one i read so far you like nature ? you like being outside ? how old are you ? what part of the world do you live in ? sorry i'm just too curious haha . whole day in bed hi sweeties , you have a day off from everything . including work , school , social life / events ... etc . how does it look like ? when do you wake up ? how is your eating any different ? any ... i'm 100 % intp because no other type is close to what i believe i am . even though i break some of the intp rules out there , i still think it's definitely the closest one to describe me . 510826 the crazy thing is that these trends don't get started from one person . they're usually thought of by many people , sometimes without even being influenced by the first one . so it's like ... 100 ... sorry i didn't make that clear . i meant the judgmental type i see everywhere in my area ( the religious type ) . they'll judge you based on very stupid stuff , and think that they're god . those ... yes . it's a huge dilemma . this shit can't be described easily . signs of interesting people i wanna get to know more - has a passion : it's stronger when i can relate to the passion or i support the ... honestly , just do whatever it takes to make you a better person , and a more successful person . it starts with 1 . accepting it . you're ok , you don't have to be social , you don't have to be like ... he's a smart person , plus an amazing marketer . the way he makes his videos & chooses his content is extremely well done . i read old threads with comments like : we istjs don't like how you talk , the way you choose your words are annoying . and it goes on for 500 words , talking about how istj of him to act and think ... depends a lot on the type of person you live with honestly . thankfully mine were 2 guys who were almost out all the time , so i didn't meet them that much , and our apartment wasn't in the best ... 3rd rock from the sun is the ( one of ) funniest things i've seen . i re-watched it a few months ago . i make an amazing sales person . ( online ) i would suck badly in real life though . except , i guess i have some qualities people would like , which were already mentioned in the thread . i just can't ... maybe my first theory was right . i myself couldn't handle the shut off your brain for 15 minutes type of meditation . but i extremely enjoy walking for long distances ( 20-40 minutes ) and thinking ... exactly . sometimes i talk and think loudly to my brother and he doesn't even listen . and sometimes tells me to stop thinking too much . and he shuts off his brain while watching tv or playing ... i was making connection with how meditation is supposed to clear your mind and eventually make you feel better . i chose the wrong word . i don't know what else to describe it . relax maybe ? anyways , i ... that's what i was saying ... i can't stop thinking + i feel more comfortable thinking . so which one's which lol . i believe strongly in yoga i just don't have enough passion & energy to do it . i do some basic stretches i learned in yoga that's about a few minutes a day ... i do them whenever i remember . i do a ... i thought op was an intp . now it says istj ? what am i missing ? '