' it's a witch ! deleted because cops don't have a sense of humor i can't hear what you're saying after all the work that goes into constructing a sentence and trying to make it sound important with just the right syllable accentuation it kills me when someone ... well i wasn't purposely being an ass , in my 6 year old mind i was being quite kind . i think benders should not be oppressed for using their powers . the equalist movement is oppressing people for something they can't cognitively effect . there are a lot of benefits to having control ... ouch , i only made this thread to show off my one moment of internet fame we have a whole thread for it , it's stickied ... * playfully touches person * what would you say is one of the most insensitive things you have done ? i can't remember the majority of them that i've done but one that sticks out is this : as if being deployed for valentines ... my father is an entj i don't like to do anything with him because of the helpful pointers i mean i'm procrastinating from work right now , i still get good grades though . i'd hate to die twice . it's so boring . - richard feynman badinage [ bad-n-ahzh , bad-n-ij ] noun 1 . light , playful banter or raillery . just to clarify ... i finished sorry i'm late guys i had to stalk the gym teacher's wife for my tennis racket although everyone was talking so no one heard / acknowledged is there such a thing as an original thought ? i was going to post a long explaination against reality , then i realized that it just depends on your definition of reality . i'd say infj because of the writing style and topic selection bears ... that can't be proven . also i would place you as an infj . always busy ... i too face this problem . however i find asking god my questions can sometimes result in an answer arising which can give me an instense burst of emotions . so my advice to you on this is to pray . physical pain and emotional pain both consume the mind , however emotional pain can be repressed . many times however emotional pain begets physical pain . the only goose in antartica is a stylish brand of outerwear . antarctic connection - polar outfitters and travel experts - canada goose outerwear , jackets , parkas , authentic oh hey i've come to this conclusion too ! even accepted altruistic practices are done to garner an emotional response . giving can put people on a feeling based high . so much so that i now doubt the ... i don't have a direct definition but seeing as jeremusic 2 seems desperate for feminine interaction judging from his earlier post and the fact that you posted this thread about intps being cute i ... telepathicgoose jeremusic 2 flirting is for private messages so you wish to be feared by your peers then ? i'm guessing they don't take you seriously presently so you wish to try to manipulate them into respecting you ? i'd say don't worry about it . if people ... apocalypses , apocalypsa , apocalypsi , apocalypsibus ... my friends still care for me in my recessed state but i am unable to enjoy communication with them while pent up inside thus my lack of response strains the relationship . wait really ? i didn't know that . in fact i've been taught by practically every religious mentor in my life that chapter 2 of genesis was to establish truths about creation and humanly . also i've sort ... why would a god be limited to the human cognitive functions ? how could those functions exist if they were not simply reflections of a greater whole ? note that in the intp thread we mainly tend to ... is a literal interpretation of scripture necessary ? god says listen to my words not everything written here is exactly what it means with no extrapolating required . there are multiple senses in ... apparently it is wrong to overanalyze . i can somewhat see the problem as the more calculations you compile the higher the chance of a logical fallacy . also the idea of the emotionless intp ... it's not that my relationships are superficial , it's that looking from an isolated standpoint can contort your view of reality in a way that causes friendships to decline . the main draw of personality cafe , allowing those of similar personalities to communicate in a common forum , is also what is so dangerous about it . i've noticed in myself that i tend to grow much ... i mean it's pretty easy to be mature about things . i don't see the point to this thread . gurren lagann neon genesis evangelion so many robots and violence and character development . and don't even get me started on the plot twists ... i want this taped to my back i like playing tennis . i showed up for my school's football practice once and now i'm committed . i do enjoy weightlifting by itself too . as for watching i enjoy fighting stuff like ufc because of the ... the key thing about intps is that if we think we are overthinking we with think about how we are over thinking , why we are overthinking , and what the benefits / consequences to overthinking are . oh and ... we're pretty conflict avoidant . i mean i really only have one enemy but that just stems over from childhood when my fe was out of control . i only hate him because he said that i gave my mother ... buckmiester fuller , wikipedia is my closest friend . i knew that from reading wikipedia before not looking it up now ... that person that couldn't listen to passive aggression if it metaphorically bit their leg off i became friends with an infj rather quickly , in fact we went from being aquaintences to best friends in a matter of days . however if someone is too caring or emotionally responsive i believe i take ... ask question to self , write down what self says , criticize self for fallacies , try to experience reality , fail , repeat . i was really good friends with an infj , then i mistook my storge for eros . now we barely talk . sometimes mid conversation i'll begin talking to myself because i'm so bored . also i tend to make jokes to myself and it's bonus points if other people laugh when they hear it . hey do you have a bear ? sorry fresh out is this going to become an incest confessions thread ? i'll start , one time i ... well i normally hate compliments if they refer to myself because they create a new image for me to uphold in the minds of others and a new responsibility to mantain . however if you notice the small ... they could be using dj as the derivitive of the change in h instead of saying h * dh . looking at wikipedia j is defined as current density a / m ^ 2 and h is a / m so perhaps they are connected somehow ... '