' actually , yes ... this does seem to happen to me a lot . i've just become so use to it that i didn't really think about it . just last night , me and my son went to a late night movie , and we had to ... no , but according to my son & his friends ... this woman in this commercial pretty much nailed me : laughing : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8QRs0ejxjEc i'm like at 5755 words . wow ... uber sucking this year . a bunch of stuff going on at work ... but ... i'm taking the week of thanksgiving off . i was in the same situation in 2008 ... and it was ... granted , but the only copy of the story freakishly spontaneously combusts and you are left with only a pile of ashes . i wish i could magically transport to wherever i need to go . granted , but now you've lost all ability to communicate what you wish for . i wish it was always the perfect temperature outside . granted , but now you've lost permanent access to any website or forum that even has the word personality in it . i wish i never needed to sleep . granted , but you have no control over it and it only happens when you sneeze . i wish i was able to fly at will . this is a fun game , and i'm interested to see how differently your responses are from other discussion boards . here's the premise : the poster above you makes a wish , you grant it ... but with a ... really bizarre double post ... that leaped frog other posts . :/ quirkyq that made me lol i recently had a conversation with someone which led to my remark , yeah , but then i'd be walking around all emo-like which is really inappropriate for my age that i said ... i love animals ( and partial to cats myself ) , but animals in general seem to tug directly on my heart strings . i can almost literally feel the sensation in my chest and it makes me just want to ... aizar thanks for your descriptions , that helped me a lot with trying to imagine or get the feel for how an infj might come across in rl . i don't get a lot of feedback from others in my life about ... i'm totally agreeing with the boundaries thing , i just began enforcing some of my own for the first time earlier this year . but , i have to ask you - do you keep talking about things that others ... hahahahah - yay ! ! ! fellow nanowrimo peeps ! this is my 4th time . the forums help a lot on the nano site . also ... especially for me - i just keep writing things out ( aka word padding ) even if it ... hell if i know if i've ever met an infj in rl . when i think about how people i've talked to for years still don't really know * me * and how cleverly i hide myself from others ( and even from ... yeah , i'm still having troubles . i'm having issues with electronics of all kinds , but at least in this instance i can verify that it's not just me . and that makes me feel less frustrated . wow , sorry for falling off the map like that ! i've been having every kind of inconceivable problem with electronics the last 4 + days that have been preventing me from either getting online , or ... i really like your haircut ! i recently had all my hair chopped off ( was mid to lower back and cut to above shoulders ) and i assure you it did not look better . but i still don't regret it ... i just ... ok - the metaphor you used with the big loom ... love . it . i was able to imagine it easily while i was reading that paragraph , and it just seemed to fit . it hit upon a resonant chord of what i've ... i remember when i was about 3 , i would sit in my room wondering what we would do if we were to run out of food . was there something that there was a lot of , but wasn't necessarily thought of as food ... your post is one of the earlier ones i've been trying to get time to go back to and respond . it didn't help that they accidentally disabled my network account at work and had no access to internet , ... well , i've heard and even contributed to some pretty far out there stuff ... you would be hard pressed to say something that i truly felt was crazy . just like i said to lizzard , if you're not ok ... i like how you described , it really does seem like the life before now didn't exist . and it * is * hard to describe , lol . it seems so simple in it's being or in the experience of it , but the ... hahaha ! funny you should say that - he told me around the same time in his life that he had remembered picking me out at the mommy store . i said really ? out of alll of the mommies out there , you ... what i've always admired the most is when someone who is different than their environment , still has the balls to be themselves . my eyes tend to wander away from people when i'm talking if i'm trying to think of something , because i can't think if i'm looking at them . but also being aware that it drives some people crazy if ... well ... if it matters any ... i'm * really * curious to know what you're itching to say . even if you don't want to post it on here - pm me . i've been over here thinking of how much i actually want to ... i'm reading the ultimate hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy by douglas adams . it is a compilation of 5 of his books that are about the hitchhiker's guide . i finished the restauraunt at the end of the ... hahahahahahahaha ... oh my sides ... i'm still laughing at this picture ... thanks so much for sharing it ! hahaha - as i type i'm waiting for a papa john pizza delivery . ( i actually came on here to take my mind off of my growling tummy ) so many good posts here ! when i get a chance ( busy at work today ) i have more replies - but i had something come to mind i wanted to share real quick . something i had forgotten until recently was ... yes , yes , yes =) very similar to what i've been feeling - even down to the medical emergency in feb ( but not me personally , just me with a loved one ... who incidentally had to make a critical decision ... remembering dreams from years ago , yes ! sometimes when i'm trying to put together a puzzle ( usually related to an unexplainable event i experienced ) - in a flood all at once - multiple dreams & ... you know , i think this is all a part of it too . ever since the beginning of january , when i first started reading about the bird & fish deaths - it seems like the entire planet fell into the rabbit ... lol at your first line ;-) i was wondering how / if it was showing up in different ways in people's lives . like i mentioned in another reply , the last year hasn't been without huge changes . but ... actually that brings up a good point for me to clarify ... awesome experiences and changes abound ... however , it has not been without total chaos mixed into the entire thing . i spent the early hours ... excel - i hate you ! ! ! why must you keep crashing on me & making me have to keep re-doing complicated shit i just fix . i feel like i'm in the movie groundhog's day but in a world of only ... i'll keep this short . ( bwahahahaha ! ) but seriously ... ever since around the new year , things are really ... really different . i don't just mean me personally , or even just what we see in the ... even though i'm a cat person through and through ... no matter what kind of pissy , crappy mood i'm in - anytime i see a car go by with a dog hanging out the window with it's mouth open , i crack a ... the only milestone that stood out enough for my mom to ever tell me about , was that i had taught myself how to read sometime before the age of 4 . she doesn't know when , only that at age 4 my family ... i have a large raven tattoo on my right shoulder blade , and an arm wrap tattoo around my upper right arm ( yes ... all the way around ) of a snake . both are all black . i don't wear earrings anymore ... how did i miss this thread before ? i lovvve my kitties ! here's my boy kitty , gir - he's really hard to get any pictures of ... oh great idea , baby picture ! http://personalitycafe.com/members/bright-laughter-albums-um-i-don-t-know-picture25082-little-me-shhh.jpg me telling everyone to shhh so my mommy can get her well ... wow ... that's going to take some serious dedication on his part for him to get past what his father did to him . i can see how a person would go to great lengths to avoid facing that healing , but it ... wyo 1234 - you may need to make your album public . if it's set to private , you'll be able to see your pic on here - but the rest of us won't be able to see it . :-D nah , it's not lost ... it's just so big that you have to scootch back a little to see it . i would agree that he's an infj ... but regardless of what he is i think we can all agree that he was an unhealthy whatever he was hahaha that is a great movie ! it really made me rethink the whole idea of lies . i've come across ' lists of things to do when you're bored ' on the internet . ( seriously ... do a search ... the suggestions will crack you up ) . some suggestions are things like : * see how many tiny ... 1 . when i have nowhere i have to be or nothing that needs to be done , and i'm just laying on my bed staring out the window at the trees and in contemplation and just * being * . 2 . when i'm having ... '