' incorrect . a movie about that would be wholly accurate . there are already several documentary movies outlining this very problem ... you would do well to view them ; the zeitgeist series .   ... one istj , a few intp's and a few infp's . hard . pink floyd - the darkside of the moon volumes - via hammock - departure songs periphery - periphery ii : this time it's personal muse - origin of symmetry tron legacy - daft punk inception & gladiator - hans zimmer star trek 2009 - michael giacchino sunshine - john murphy & underworld 28 days later - john murphy close encounters of the third kind ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMOVFvcNfvE discuss . for me , ridley scott's ' alien ' has had a lasting effect on me since viewing it as a child . to this day the antagonists of my dreams take the form of the titular xenomorph . event horizon is up ... i think op may have missed the point a little . date me because i'm conventionally attractive and like your personality type even though i clearly know nothing about it . reeks of desperation and ... an emotionally exhausting sci-fi epic . i needed a day to recover and process all that i had witnessed after viewing it , despite its rather contrived ' love ' narrative i very much enjoyed the film , ... i cannot and do not support the barbaric practice of capital punishment or rather state sanctioned murder . having the state effectively becoming no better than the human being being put on the block ... mine is usually hmmm ... * stroke beard for effect * for me , the pain never actually comes ... i simply switch back to my default setting . alone . p . s . i really dig your sig . girl , pick up the pace . we'd never have made it out of the christian dark ages . bureaucracy , capitalism , organised religion and extreme right wing ideologies . i still don't know how to tie a tie and i'm approaching 30 . legion . they are completely petty , pointless , infantile and childish . grow up , humans ... it's embarrassing . it is not nature , humanity has excluded itself from nature by building cities in which to hide from ... it's a human thing ... reeling off a narrative of your inner thoughts without prior rehearsal can be quite challenging if you do not possess the verbal dexterity that others might . to hate is an extreme display of emotion that i do well avoid ; i can't however , speak for every intj . i don't even notice my colleagues , they're naught but the faceless denizens of the local ... i'm the only intj i know . in the grand scheme of things , when we consider the sheer size of our galaxy and the universe in which it resides , when we apply the drake equation to this knowledge , we learn there could be 10,000 ... usually when romantic relationships fail , i cut all ties ... so this keeping in contact with christmas cards arrangement , i find rather puzzling . i more than likely wouldn't care upon hearing the ... 42 . is it in the charts ? then it's more than probable i loathe it . i would argue that he is . in blood money he murders innocent people simply for being at his funeral . he's paid to kill targets , regardless of whether they are good or bad people and won't hesitate to ... agent 47 it's cool , don't worry about it . you asked why people are on his side , the short answer is he's the protagonist and we follow events from his perspective for most of the story and we become ... you seem to applying lights mental state to my own world view . i agree that not all criminals are evil , i'm simply speaking from lights point of view . he saw them as an evil and that the world would ... i'll have to disagree , light wanted to rid the world of evil and he was given an opportunity to do so via the death note which ultimately corrupted him . his noble quest turned into a vanity project , ... i think wholly depends on what you're proud about . i think george orwell put it best : “ nationalism is not to be confused with patriotism . both words are normally used in so vague a way that any ... my villain would be akin to walter white , light & dexter has good intentions but the plan required to execute them requires great evil . hero would be akin to agent 47 , wolverine & dr manhattan , ... i really hated bar work , i think any service industry job with a focus upon hospitality is ill suited to someone who shares the same traits as i . - sales person - carer - call center operator ... nomfup ... not my fucking problem . light was the first walter white . in the beginning we're behind his cause , however we slowly watch his power corrupt him and he goes from being a protagonist to an antagonist . the true tragedy was ... nationalism : pride in shit you haven't done and hating people you've never met . ender's game . generic sci-fi plot , think star ship troopers meets any typical us teen high-school angst tv show . replete with a plethora of unlikable characters , those that showed promise where left ... my infp is an atheist , she was raised catholic and had a close relationship with her grandmother ; a person she revered immensely . her grandmother was taken into hospital with a broken toe and never ... let's be cops : stupid , predictable and laugh out loud funny . it's a silly bit of fun with a surprise cameo from jon lajoie ! you intj your spouse infp one child infj three good friends istj intp entp one business partner entj one person you employ enfp one person who looks after your child's pony isfp two rival ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kFsmpLw9d-Y i've been playing fez as it became free on playstation plus , it's a lovely little game , concepts pretty cool although i feel fish could have gone further with it . we'd make great gaming chums . glory to arstotzka ! criticism where it is due . not sure if he's been mentioned yet , but agent 47 of the hitman series strikes me as an intj . my infp will be voting yes ! =D princess leia ? i dated an enfj that would argue with me the best way to do things , even though they had no expertise in said area . ^ this . i'm constantly re-analysing my perceptions of what is considered real . i talk to myself ... out loud . if my friends didn't contact me , i'd never see them . souls , specifically dark souls ... '