' in the times i was put in leadership roles i think i was a great leader . but then again i never volunteer myself to be a leader unless i feel like the team is in trouble . its weird because i see ... yes i go to an ivy . never underestimate the power of name recognition . you may pay a ton for it but if you're pursuing a career n business it is 100 % worth it . the networking opportunities are ... my dad is istj and we do not get along . it feels like every conversation just turns into an argument . now my parents are divorced and i live with my mom and i probably interact with my dad maybe ... apparently i am picky . the only check list i have is - attractive - laid back - good sense of humor - charismatic / charming apparently that's too much to ask for ... hence the unbearable ... this is really morbid but when i was a kid all i would have were lucid nightmares until i was about 12 . seriously ... i never had a regular dream until i was 12 - - there were only lucid nightmares . ... just took this test called colorquiz.com . basically you choose from about 8 different colors and depending on the order in which you pick them , it articulates your emotions . gotta say , my ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iYiqZemVpsQ no this does not apply to me . i have some of the best friends i could ever ask for . i am very content with my friendships sorry ... but what the fuck are you talking about ? be comfortable ... i notice that most intjs here are pretty content with solitude . that's true of me too--i consider myself pretty outgoing for an introvert but i still like my alone time . i just can't shake this ... ... that's exactly what i said love your sig pic btw if he's smoked weed before : doing half an eighth your first time is highly recommended . the high of shrooms on this dose is not overwhelming at all . its like being really high on weed , with high ... i consider myself an extroverted intj . i go out and party and i like to meet new people , but after this i need at least a days worth of alone time or i get pissy : angry : 1 . do you drink ? if not , why ? yes 2 . how often do you drink ? 2-4 times a week 3 . how old were you when you had your first drink ? don't really know how to answer this one . my parents always let ... wow someone sounds bitter . he just likes this girl and is trying to figure out how to win her over . why is everybody giving this guy shit ? jesus , no wonder why we have such a bad rep for being ... ... what exes hell no . my brother is an intj too and we fight all the time . just out of curiosity . if you're not intj please don't answer the poll , but feel free to post . i'm 20 and i've never been in a relationship . i know intjs are a little slow in the dating scene so ... honestly you should just come out and ask him or else you will be waiting for forever for him to make a move . just be really straight forward . tell him that you like him and you want to know how he ... yea but ... that's hard : blushed : especially because i would be acting on my feelings and that is something that i am not accustomed to . i think i'm gonna try to go about this crush differently . ... lol well good for you . i haven't even gotten to that stage . nobody ever gives me a chance . forever alone ... : crying : lol : angry : intruder alert ! ! ! intruder alert ! ! ! : angry : lol i know ! it makes me feel like a creepy weirdo stalker sometimes but how do you keep yourself from making these expectations ? lol see i cant get past 5 because they are always smart and interesting . the problem this time is that i really doubt he is interested in a relationship , but then i do 3 and convince myself that he ... 21 views and no replies ... hmm i think this means i'm a weirdo for doing this : frustrating : i do this thing when i have a crush and it aggravates me to no end . if i start thinking about them my mind goes into super intj mode and i concoct all these scenarios where they either ask me out of ... its funny , i have a lot of friends and the vast majority of them are extroverts ... i'd say like 80 % are extroverts . but anyway my best friends are enfp and enfj . i have another really good friend ... mostly money . but also - i didn't know what i wanted to do career-wise and they had a unique degree that i could do a lot with - i liked the culture of the school ( work hard , play hard ) and i ... absolutely . i've never been in a relationship but i already know that physical intimacy is a big deal for me . my top love language is touch . on another note ... istj ? ugh . no offense but i had a ... in what point in your life do you think you'll want to start looking for a serious relationship ? oooh this could be interesting . dont mind me creeping here ... yea my enfj roommate cracked me wide open within a month . i'm an intj ... i have that shit on lock down but she just makes me feel so comfortable talking to her ! lol thats more than i could ask for . thanks :) whoa whoa whoa if i wanted all this analysis i would have posted this on the intj forum . i wanna know how you feel about us ;) lol i just meant that i find you attractive oh stop , you're making me blush we don't take compliments very well you know just curious . my new roommate is enfj and she is the shit . so fucking funny and the bluntest girl i have ever met . we clicked instantly , but apparently ( according to the intj forums ) i'm supposed ... do you find it easier to hug somebody you only see as a friend rather than a romantic interest ? definitely a friend . although i will only initiate the hug if they are touchy in general and i am ... weed is a psychedelic . and its great . so are psychedelics :D : happy : well hello there i am definitely intj but i like socializing with a group of people i like . as far as parties go , i can be content alone at a party if i know my friends are there . i just go around and people watch ... no offense , your friend seems like a selfish asshole . i am an intj and we can be cold . if i think a relationship is going nowhere then i can end it immediately . but there doesn't seem to be any ... lololol thanks for responding . i really wasn't leaning towards either possibilities--him liking me or not . i'm just not good with these things so i figured i'd ask what his expectations were . ... lol . no i didn't really see it that way . i mean i think the smart ass remark right after was in response to me being seemingly cold about him cumming too quickly . i dunno i guess i thought he was ... hello entjs . i am an intj and i have a rather long , complex question . it has two parts so if you dont want to read through the second long part then please just answer the first question . 1 . ... nononoono not alter ... enhance trust me , you get some very interesting / creative ideas . i highly recommend no pun intended lol haha yea it's like that ! i mean don't get me wrong i always pay my debts first . i'm never in debt . i'm also good at saving , but i'm just very bad at denying myself things that i'm interested in ... true to a certain extent . if emotions aren't involved , this is 100 % true . but personally , i do not tell my feelings to someone who asks unless i'm really close to them . i can think of about ... 3 ... so i'm getting my first paycheck for my summer internship tomorrow . i have to pay back my mom and my friend so i'm pretty much already out $ 100 . i don't know what it is about money . i mean i ... what comes to mind is i really liked this guy and he totally blew me of at a party for another girl and i was super drunk so i left the party and the tears just came . i forced myself to stop though ... oh my god . this . the worst ! just close your mouth when you eat god i hate this more than anything in the world . i avoid eating with my dad / mom as much as possible because its just so gross and ... i absolutely hate when things are left half open . doors , cupboards , anything i hate when my dad rips off only a half of a piece of paper towel so i'll rip off the remaining half and throw it in the ... '