' i'm probably gonna die alone and i quite honestly don't see how i could ever have a wife and kids . i don't think it's gonna matter in the end . as long as i'm ok with it through out my life i don't ... one of my friend came out intj but i have a strong feeling he's entj and that he just judged himself too harshly when he took the test . i'm pretty sure i know of one more who works the night shift in ... i've watched a lot of video related to mgtow on youtube and pretty much all the time men turn this way after they got divorced and their ex walked away with half their possessions and / or kids leaving ... here are 2 arguments that might make you reconsider your guilt of killing spiders : # 1 : your house could end up looking like this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1Vz0fWOq3E # 2 ... boner ... fuck wanting to punch people in the face and suicide , the best payback is success . be the best you can be and make others regret not being on your good side when they had the chance . i've been heavily bullied when i was in high school so i can relate . there was this girl i was into in my first year of high school , problem was that her friend was into me but i didn't care at all ... i tend to have an extremely high standards or expectations from my coworker . i'm always looking for something that should've been and hasn't or has been done wrong , or i look at someone and find him ... i gotta say i'd probably be in your shoes right now if it wasn't for the fact that i have a brother and a sister . i have pretty much no friends , more like work acquaintances i get along with really ... talking about and understanding my feelings . dating ... always having to make sense of everything . having to endure looking at incompetent people at work while seemingly being the only one to ... looks a lot like the way i was . he knows he likes you , he just doesn't know what to do about it , so he hangs around you , stares you down , tries to get you attention . at some point he starts thinking ... i did for a couple years . i came out of it with a nice profit margin but it was too stressful for me so i quit . doesn't mean he necessarily liked you . while it's true i rarely talk to girls i have no interest in , there has been one time when i just friended a girl because we got along well . from her ... the right question would be when are you not nice to people imo . i'm neutral to everyone until they show me they're not worth my time . if they pass all my tests they're worthy of my respect and ... inspector ( rdi-c ) . the description reminds me a lot of intj . i walked into a clothes store once to buy a coat with my parents like 6 years ago and the cashier started flirting with me . first of all , it was the first time ever a girl flirted with me , 2nd my ... it might just be me but i used to block my emotions heavily . i'd always just stop in the middle of my thoughts to ask myself do i really need to feel this way . it broke me quite a bit emotionally ... i'm terrible at dating but if i had to say flirting is my only good quality when it comes to women . i always have the perfect sentence to make a girl blush or wonder is he flirting with me ? i'm ... i voted 3 . my ego is very much under control and unless i have an extensive understanding of a subject such as my job for instance where i have over 23k hours of experience , i don't really try to ... i had an esfp girl come up to me and asked me to hang out with me last year . basically the way it went was : girl : hey i'd like to come to your place for bla bla bla me : yeah sure whenever you're ... i wouldn't use texting as a good way to gauge his level of interest . i've said it often but intjs generally don't like texting all that much . we rarely initiate texts but we will reply to yours ... i do that all the time and i don't think i've ever been wrong . i tried ignoring that feeling once or twice thinking i was maybe being a dick for judging people too quickly but i was proven fast ... i organize everything in my head before hand and then when i get to it i know where i'm going . when i come in to work everyday i look at everything that needs to be done , make an approximate guess as ... 1 : i guess it depends on the person but when i set a goal for myself and i'm serious about it i go all the way until i reach what i want . i don't give up easily unless i've gone through every ... you beat me to it > _ < doesn't happen often that someone touches me . i'd say the only person i'm open to receiving hugs from would be my sister . i hug my mom from time to time but i've never really liked having any sort of ... i read a book about dating a few months ago . you're doing exactly what you need to do . the author's # 1 advice was to stop thinking that the girl you're dating is the one and to go out with multiple ... i tend to be a lot more open with my feelings when i'm writing them than when i have the actual person in front of me . if he's anything like me , you can take his words seriously , he's not kidding .  ... with guys i feel like mike from the show the middle guy : i like skying me : yeah , i don't care about that ... hearing someone talking about whatever they like when i have no idea what ... not gonna lie , the thought crossed my mind haha ! but if that was the case she wasn't putting much effort into it . a few days before i asked her out she liked some posts on facebook to meet other lesbians so it may be possible she's bi , or just confused about her sexuality . to my knowledge she had 1 boyfriend in ... lmao ... i just looked up her facebook account for the first time in forever and she updated her profile saying she's into women > _ < i'm confused now , why would she even text me back .  ... it's a he :) had no idea this thread existed . here's a picture of my australian shepherd . 638866 haha yeah , i'm doing a lot better than i was in that department . i tried to kiss the hair stylist at the end of her work shift as we went outside but she gave me the cheek and told me she went exclusive with someone . i should've done that the first time i went to ... omg , she just texted me back after 3 weeks of silence haha i might just get somewhere with her after all . time to get back to work i guess :) i tried getting a 2nd date . she gave me a few signs of life through texts but then stop communicating completely . i don't blame her , that first date was in no way fantastic . it's one of those ... i can put a picture of myself without my shirt showing off my abs if that helps you make a decision haha i had someone in my profile who sent me a message telling me every perc intjs looked like ... i've been working on being more outgoing with women as of late but i'd usually just stare at them intensely from afar and never approach them . i used to have a hard time keeping eye contact but i'd ... i just hate when this happens to me . what people fail to understand about me is that i don't argue unless i know i'm right . not because i think i'm right because i know i'm right . if i don't have the ... * type 1 * action potential : 1w9 - 4w5 - 6w5 sp / so daewang : 1w2 - 6w5 - 3w4 femalegamer : 1-5- 4 iceblock : 1w9 inheritance : 1w9 jbking : 1w2 - 3w2 - 5w6 sp / so mindbomb : 1w9 -5-3 sx / so mocho : 1w9 ... basically just an alpha male :) i just finished reading a book about dating called how to be a 3 % man by corey wayne because i really needed some basic step by step instructions about dating . distancing - avoidant ... i don't intend to give up on her just yet . i know how hard it can be for her and i'd hate if she'd blame herself because i gave up after one date . i know a place i can do bowling and pool but i don't ... my best male friend is an entj and we get along perfectly . really wish i could find a female version of that haha i can see why you'd think it's tiresome . it was obvious we were both making a big ... conversation based , my grand mother is remarried and my family and her husband's family celebrate christmas together . i've known her for a few years but i was never able to talk to her much because ... sorry if there's already an other thread about this but i haven't been successful finding one with the search option . i'd like to hear from people who dated other intjs as an intj to see how the ... reminds me of my brother in law . except that in is case , he's terrible with money . i can't say for sure he's an estp but there's no reasoning with these people . in their head , they're either the best ... i get annoyed most of the time but i never pass the point where i can consider it anger . i can think of one time i lost my cool at a guy at work . it wasn't the first time i had trouble with him , ... my parents supported me pretty well up until the moment i entered high school at age 12 . once i got into high school , my parents stopped pushing me in my studies , they stopped making me do my home ... '