' i asked you this because i wanna know john reese's type . for me he's istp because he doesn't show emotion guess the title has explained everything does istp love to do something violence ? if violence is the only solution / effective solution / logical solution even though they hate it , will they do the violence act ? i've heard that some istps ... same as me to calm my self down when i'm angry i usually throw things or punching things or doing sth physical yes actually krav maga is good and it's one of the most deadly self defense in the world . i'd love to join it because it's simple , practical , efficient and can cause a good effect on your enemy by ... yep i can say that my life is pretty tough . i'm quite lack in emotional nurturing especially by my dad and actually i'm unprepared to be exposed into harsh reality . i grew up in tough environments ... i think about lots and lots of things , things that i wanna solve and random things . usually i also listen to music well we have empathy from our fe sometimes , but still we don't wanna show it not for me . he never plans something . si doms and auxs have tendency to plan something because i think they still have to think how to make this present situation fits like the past , or how to ... i have an isfp friend , but we aren't close . well he's quite nice , but secretly there's a side of him that i didn't know mostly john reese ( person of interest ) when i watched it for the first time i think that he's like me . i'm a bit of indiana jones too i guess don't know . i don't think that i want to be in a love relationship with anyone . one thing that i know is that infps are kind people . they're quite sensitive and very gentle i hide my feelings especially when i feel sad because i don't want people to see me as a vulnerable person failure and fear that people don't like me . ps : ti values precision fe wants to be liked by people when i like someone , i hide my feelings or express it in a weird way ( especially in friendship ) and i'll hang around with them and chat with them when i don't like someone i avoid them and i don't ... i have an infp best friend and you know i can trust my secrets with her ( just some ) and i can count on her too . for me infp is a very good person . i don't care whether they're sensitive or not ( my ... 1 . they choose their words carefully , because they're not naturally good at expressing their feelings and therefore make sure that when they do express them they've thought it through . i choose my ... my another advice to you : don't study about cog . functions and mbti too much cause you'll get even more confused like me right now . if you don't attached with the past then you're not si ( when si and ... quite yes . that happens to me too , but about remembering something in past in a very detailed way is definitely si . about writing stories well i can write stories like that too , but when i visit a ... istp can be analytical and loves theories too , but i don't think they'll like abstract theories like intp , they'll like practical theories . for me mbti and cognitive function is quite practical and ... that seems like ne . i think ne will finish one topic , but still they easily jump off to another topic . the one who doesn't finish a topic is estp because their ni is low , so they don't see how ... thanks , but i don't think i'm like that 1 . i'll say nothing 2 . thankful or maybe appreciate them , happy ? 3 . quite protective to them , buy them gifts and surprise them 4 . to protect myself 5 . i'll just say thank you okay now you're a ti , but i'm still not sure about your fe or fi . i'll give another explanation . fe will think what others will think about them , while fi not . that's why usually fe is more polite ... that seems like fi , but if you have inferior fe you can say that too unintentionally . if you're saying it intentionally then you're an fi . i'm sure that i'm fe inferior because if there's a friend ... i think you're an istp or estp . as an istp i also have a good memory about past , but i don't wanna live in past . i don't really compare my experience right now with my experience in the past . example ... advice : study about the cognitive function then you'll understand . stereotypes are not always right . i think not all istps love sports and mechanics , but most of them do . i sometimes confused too ... since the istps have an inferior fe , i think when they have a crush in you , they'll hide their feelings , they'll pretend that they don't like you or maybe don't care about you . actually this is what ... ^ same as me i think i'm loyal to someone i close to and quite protective to them . if they betray me , i'll betray them too . i'll sacrifice myself to someone i'm really close to or dear to me ( eg : ... answer : part 1 1 . ignore them , not talking to them 2 . maybe i'll just ignore him / her pretend that it never happens or maybe i'll wait for the right time to speak up . i actually don't know 3 . act ... john reese . he's fearless and a problem solver . he remains calm in every situation 476338 jesus himself is infj you know private witt is an infp , a source said private witt is an infp , a source said what makes me confused for me to type him is because sometimes he acts like isfj ( he doesn't want to change his name ) and sometimes like infj ( he can predict someone or his future for more than once ) i dunno . maybe it's like this ( i only mention the 5 main characters ) john reese : 6w7 or 5w6 harold finch : 6w5 det . fusco : 7 ( i dunno his wing ) det . carter : 8w9 or 9w8 shaw : 7 ( dunno her wing ) why do you type him as infj ? it's either he's infj or isfj here's a cognitive function analysis for reese ( source : bluesnafu via tumblr ) reese : istp ( introvert , sensor , thinker , perceiver ) independent , pragmatic , fearless , loyal . introverted ... same as me here , i felt awkward when i have to be an extrovert same as me here , i felt awkward when i have to be an extrovert according to a cognitive function analysis it says that john reese is an istp my friend ( before she became my friend ) thought that i'm an unfriendly , uncaring , cold person . actually i'm a friendly person . i don't like to see people being hurt , especially my loved ones and ... i only follow rules that i like or make sense to me i only follow rules that i like or make sense to me there's a moment in my life where i wish that i was born a male . you know my mom is esfj and well she's quite protective and because she's protective , she didn't allow me to have a hand combat course ... i think my friend didn't realize that i will buy her a book as a present . i asked her what kind of books she likes and she didn't realize that i will buy her a book . i pretend that i love books like ... well that's quite same like me here '