' you've had your coffee already right ? no ... ? then why are you acting like that ? ? ? - my brother , a couple of mornings ago :D for some reason i always have the perverse desire to break out my loopy side in front of sjs , istjs in particular . their reactions always crack me up , without fail . i don't know why i find that ... wow this thread's interesting ... for the simple fact that i've always had questions , doubts , uncertainties about religion . i'm a born christian , with a family that's heavily involved in church work , ... very well put . i believe that we have a right to choose whom we're close to - as long as we're true to our principles in making these decisions , i don't see how it's necessarily a bad thing to choose ... oh definitely . it's not so much that i can't be myself - it's more like my brain-tongue communication is sometimes short-circuited and i say things before my brain catches up and either tells me how ... from my istp friend : you're my emotion translator ! :D ... you get distracted by other things for a few months , come back and feel like you never left :D * been feeling nostalgic about my fellow enfps lately :) * never too late for pasta ! :D does having pasta for supper constitute a confession ? :D enfp_of_pasta confession : love your username . enfp and pasta together . divine ! ( ' scuse me , it's lunch hour , i'm hungry and i happen to love pasta lol ) . lilsnowy yea , if i guy is staring at you and doesn't even realize you've noticed , chances us are he was looking there . i'd have done what your relative wanted to do as well ! ! ooh - you know ... that's how we know we're on track ! hehehe ;) you know you're an enfp when you rip your trousers and immediately convert a shawl into a makeshift wraparound and pretend you're starting a fashion trend ... and everyone buys it without realizing ... i find emotional people who aren't enfp irritating . lol . double standards ? i don't know . hee . btw , loving this : ey3prohrfoeufyvds8 & ( & * @yi ! :D when asked to describe me in a word : ... um ... * blank stare * .. er .. yea . sad . :D you know you're enfp when your mouth overshoots your brain and you say something really stupid and afterwards wish cussing at yourself was more satisfying and if you could beat yourself up you would ... or worse ( better ? :P ) - phantom of the opera , complete with awful high note at the end ! :D :D :D please tell me this really happened ! :D :D :D :D camellia haha , me too ! i always have to look when a guy smells good :D but bad smells turn me off just as quickly - i don't think i could be with a guy with bo .. not unless i was head over ... i do this too , somewhat . it's a defense mechanism coz we know how emotionally vulnerable we are , i think . i can intellectualize any emotionally charged situation so as to diffuse the impact it has on ... when you give people you care about the benefit of the doubt until such a time when they break your trust so badly that you feel betrayed enough to either get really mad and confront them ( * shock ! ... and you find that they can steady you when things get emotionally overwhelming by simply , matter-of-factly , getting to the heart of the matter :) i guess you know you're an enfp when intjs are just ... coffee shop , with a good book , laptop and good vantage point so i can make random observations about complete strangers while reading , watching videos and enjoying a completely awesome macchiato ( mmm ... you're too nice - learn how to say no ! ( me in head : what's no ? : confused :) and just two minutes ago : are you high ? ! ! ? get down from there ! haha ! i cried when my mum got rid of my old bed when i was seven - did the whole dramatic you served me well , you brave old bed routine , too ! : laughing : but it's decreased a little since then . i ... stop drinking so much coffee ! ... oh . you haven't had any . loving it ! : laughing : don't know if i've taken it as far as accidentally killing everybody ( i might've though ! : tongue :) , but this random train of thought is so on ! right down to the feeling sad ... i know what you mean ! do what makes you feel good , though - if exercising does that , great :) but just remember , there will always be people who find you attractive just the way you are - we just ... i have a big problem saying no to people and i fall for emotional blackmail sooo easily . this makes me incredibly unhappy , but i don't know how to broach the issue because i don't want to hurt the ... difficult to say if he deserved it ( only you'd know that ) , but i can relate to this 100 % . sometimes it seems disproportionate because the trigger isn't necessarily the issue to begin with , but there ... speaking as a girl , and not just an enfp ( although i suppose that does add to the huggable criteria ! ) , i'd rather be with a huggable guy than a skinny one - just saying ! :) i agree - i get that way sometimes too , but you always know you're gonna be back to your old people loving self again soon :) also you know you're enfp when you feel like hugging perfect ... haha - this is exactly the kind of thing that gets my isfj mum in a snit :P i call it organized chaos - i can find anything i want in a heart beat :D hey hey ! welcome from a fellow newbie :D and yes , smileys are awesome ! but my intp brother can never understand why i use them so often :P hehe . hehe - guilty as charged ! but i did rather like wyndmere 8 ' s post coz so much of it is bang on the stuff i would do :) and i also obsessively re-read my posts and edit them , to make sure they make ... oh yes , most definitely . i think it all boils down to how much even us enfps put in the effort to develop our thinking functions . most enfps i know are capable of being perfectly rational and logical ... these two i get all the time ! :D weren't you supposed to be doing ... ? huh ? no , that wasn't that funny . really . * insert wtf look here * and the jumping from conclusion a to b with seemingly no real logical pathway ... totally classic ! :D yea , most definitely ! i also love autocorrect fails sooo much - unexpectedly hilarious moments are the bomb ! :D there are times when i feel self-conscious about being myself because i know people expect me to behave a certain way ... so i go through the motions but feel darn awkward inside lol . is there any ... :) figured it probably wouldn't , but it was worth a shot ! :) haha , most people who know me superficially are usually shocked to find out i'm such a goof ( dork's a good word too :D ) when they really get to know me because when i'm in professional mode , the ... haha , most people who know me superficially are usually shocked to find out i'm such a goof ( dork's a good word too :D ) when they really get to know me because when i'm in professional mode , the ... this actually made me laugh out loud :) are you referring to the stuff we laugh at , or the expression ? :P if it's the expression then the answer is quite simply , the expression :) i think ... because they can't and never will be able to get the joke . heehee . poor dears :D this is precisely what happens to me :D the intj's quizzical look almost always sends me into more hysterics :D the blank stares that go along with the crickets are priceless :D haha , too funny ! :) my colleagues always ask me who i'm talking to - and then i get weird looks when i say myself or the laptop ( i do this sometimes lol ) . thank goodness they're also my friends ! ... even in public ! :D you jump from doing one thing to another because spending hours on one is just ... dull . and you can also multitask and still produce a good piece of work ! :) in fact i find my ... tell me about it ! i think i'm also partly afraid of the consequences of venting - i always regret my outbursts because i ultimately end up hurting the person back . i am so bad at the whole eye for an ... '