' five things i want to do before i die : 1 . relax in a secluded vacation area in the forest , practically untouched by humans . with rivers and what not near by . 2 . find true love , if it's even ... i am feminine , but it's not of huge importance , and i rarely take the time to put much effort into it . for example , i enjoy my more feminine figure , so i do embrace it , but i won't wear ... ignominious maybe put a time limit on whatever you do ? like , i'll work intensely on something for 20 minutes , then ( no matter what ) take a break doing something else for 5 minutes , then continue like that . when ... the ... when ... i've played the piano for 12 years now . i really do enjoy it . i'm not always good at understand what emotions or mental pictures the composer might have been projecting , but i do understand what ... when i was a bit younger , i was fairly depressed . there was this painfully heavy weight , always riding on my sholders . i would always stress out about the most insignificant things to make me feel ... thank you ! and gosh you have a bunch . o . o haha , let's see ... - i'm wearing a navy blue gown oddly enough . i'm in the process of trying on all of my old dresses . :D - no tattoos , they're ... i can't help but wonder if that'd really drag too many intps out . :( my favorite way to listen to lectures is in my pjs curled up with my laptop while everyone else is asleep . everytime i see a ... welcome ! there's so many nice and interesting people floating around , this site is wonderful . :) i hope you have fun ! :D hahahaha ! that's what i'd expect , unfortunatly . though i'd hope that one or two might stop by for a second , just to see if anyone else would bother showing up . i can still wish that there was a ... i guess so . :D though there's a big part of me that wishes i could just stay in my room all day , letting my thinker side out constantly . spending my time looking up useless facts , thinking about ... i've been wondering if i have the same thing myself ! please don't think that you're a horrible person for this ! it looks like one of those situations where neither person is wrong . it's understandable why your mom would want a card . mother's day ... it's always so hard to pick favorite songs , especially because my taste changes day to day . o . o if i had to pick ? music : - the horror of our love , ludo . - a lifeless ordinary , motion city sound ... haha ! this made me smile . :) a fedora hat though , definitely . i always liked that edgy play on feminine / masculine clothing and the fedora instantly reminds me of that . though i don't have ... i guess my main goal in life is to be as happy ( / content ) as i can . everything i want from life seems to stem from that . specifics : - to fall in love and be loved back . ( i'm normally very ... i'm hoping that if there was enough of them , they'd be forced to bump into each other . you can't stay in your house forever , intp or not . :P i'm tempted to thow an intp mixer , just to see if a ... if it's not too personal for me to ask , what's it like exactly ? i've been debating whether or not to try any of the more mind altering substances , but i'm a little gunshy because of some ... thank you ! and i have two . because i'm not sure exactly when they take place . - i used to have one of those transitional cribs that went from crib , to bed with a safety rail , to bed . one memory ... i'm pretty sure i was always an intp , though i don't have enough memories to be sure . but i do think my homelife make my traits much more extreme . it crushed the majority of my emotional side , ... i always forget things . i can't imagine how many times i'll walk up to my room , get sidetracked with an interesting thought , and then completely forget why i was going there in the first place . ( i ... i tend to get compulsive about a lot of things . but never for long enough that it causes problems . i always seem to loose interest quickly . the only constant i have is thinking . can you be ... i wish it was quicker to switch from stranger to a real friend . pretenses get annoying , especially if you have to play along . i wish more kids around my age thought about more than what outfit ... why thank you ! :) any questions you feel like asking ? frequently . i used to have day dreams of just melding into the world . but lately , i find this existence more intriguing . there's a bunch of stuff out there for me to learn , and for now , that seems ... amazingly enough , i think i will . - biggest secret : one doctor gave me a whole bunch of antipsychotic meds ( off label , the goal was for them to fix my insomnia actually ) and then cut me off them ... i could tell you all about myself , but i think it'd be more fun for both of us if you asked what you'd like to know instead . so ... ask away ! :D i don't know , something about that doesn't sit quite right to me . the usa already chooses documents and information they want published , right ? so if he's taking a bunch of documents that they ... i can sort of relate a bit . though i wondered more about emotions instead . i always used to wonder why people get to have all of these big emotions , when i didn't . things like passion and joy ... actually , i think entps would more likely ramble more in person , but intps seem to still manage to online . :) i love rambling ! but the reason why i ramble , is because i think all of the things i'm saying are worth being said . o . o people sometimes tune me out , but whenever they really listen to what i say ... i concur ! :D well , except for the last bit . i don't have as many issues reading other's emotions as i do my own . gosh i <3 this site . and the people on it too ! and whoot ! i gave out my first ... my gosh , something like that happenned awhile back . i actually managed to have a chorus stuck in my head for at least 6 years , but only the melody and one or two of the consonant sounds . it was too ... haha , no problem ! sounds convinent ! i've been trying to tone some of mine down , especially parts of the t and p , but it's definitely a work in progress . mostly because every time i see ... hahaha , it took me a couple seconds to realize what you meant by squiggly lines . x ) i don't have spell check on my browser . i'm kind of glad though , does yours come with an ignore choice ? ( i ... haha , the joys of being an intp ! it's good to know that i'm not alone in all of my quirks . i don't think you should feel bad though . you might be trading some extreme pros for some moderate ... it's interesting to think about ! it reminds me of something i heard awhile ago about how languages we think in affect how we view things . the fact that we capitalize the is instead of yous in ... i might , haha , sorry for getting a bit off topic though . it's interesting to think about though . one of those topics i can just sit back and marvel at without accomplishing much . you ... would you believe me if i said i'm not sure ? the later it gets , the more the thinking gets pushes to the back of my head and i just zone out . it's still churning around , but in a different sense . ... i'm thinking about why it's so difficult for me to fall asleep . i'm sure there must be a broken switch somewhere in my head that's supposed to turn its self off when i get tired and lay down . if ... most annoying things about intps ? i haven't met many in person , but i'll base it off my own faults if that's alright . - indecisiveness - rarely emotional ( the good kind and bad ) - usually ... for me personally . i prefer for my life to be predictable . however , commiting to something can be rather intimidating . i like to follow my own patterns , but once i feel like someone else it ... could you repeat that ? i always listen , but sometimes i have problems hearing what another person physically is saying . sorry . my most common response when friends are venting , it keeps me ... i'm pretty positive my dad's one , mostly because he : - always encouraged me to question things - never tried to convince me that santa was real - i was so young when he gave me the talk ... i've never fallen for my closest friend . but i feel like the relationship i hope to have with someone will be a bit different . we can talk about everything and anything , but she's not one for ... nothing as amazing as what the first poster did . but , lately i have been proud about something . i was playing the piano for someone and managed to move them from tears , purely because the music ... i wear the same thing almost every day . jeans , a tank top , and some sort of sweatshirt or jacket over it . i have a bunch of tank tops in different colors though . it's as nice looking as i can ... at the moment , lavender . but i usually like all the purples , and blues . also reds and orange . black , grey , white , silver , and gunmetal where my most common old favorites . '