' quite a varied amount of responses . interesting . you messaged him because you wanted to be friends . then you said you messaged him on accident . your intentions don't seem clear . i would be quite skeptical of you . purpose or no purpose , you continue living . not like you really have a choice . what trends have you seen for the infp 4 and infp 9 ? what types do you frequently see them pair up with ? i agree with your idea that infp-estp is extremely rare and not even heard of . their ... the details ! tell him what you have told us . then tell us what he tells you . yeah , out of all the people we encounter in life , only a few really hit it there . though that's not to say people can't grow into each other . i think if it's missing that spark , it won't feel the ... i don't know about him , but speaking for myself , i wouldn't make a move . only when someone else gets the ball rolling will something happen . i agree with the other replies in this thread . he might ... good point . i'd likely stick to my ethics . i think it'd be easy too . it's much easier for me to feel than act . the process of going from feeling to acting ( on a romantic interest for example ) is an ... a late reply i procrastinated on typing up . anyway , nothing much really happened . we just drifted apart after we went to different high schools . and yes , in my case , it was more of a thing of youth ... neither did i . make sure to run fast , because it might just catch up to you . i kid , i kid . good luck . 1 ) speaking for myself , yes . i've always been rather passive . i used to think that the person was probably busy , and sometimes i didn't feel important enough to start a conversation . as for ... here's an interesting description from socionics about duality which i think relates to the idea of a soulmate : personally i haven't found a soulmate yet , if such a thing exists . but there's no ... it's one of those things where you know after the fact and you wonder what could have been . to me it sounds like you haven't found the right one . and you don't want to give it up so easily to someone who you feel nothing for . maybe you want something more meaningful or someone who you ... yes , i feel the same way . i don't really have any advice . i often feel like my values and ideals have to be compromised , but at the same time i can't let them go . i too yearn from what's not ... i steal glances mostly . i don't take initiative and make conversation . i mostly sit back and watch her now and then . see what she's like as a person . i can sense it better now . i was very ... i agree . behavior can be shaky ground . it's where the behavior stems from ( functions ) . the only thing is is that it's easier to judge someone else's behavior than their cognition . took that part out . takes awhile for me to get my thoughts together . i find the fi-doms have a more intrapersonal smile than interpersonal smile . though it's just a hypothesis . i don't think ... infp's seem to be very cutesy , sociable ( even though they say they're not ) and smiley , and that's just not me at all those people don't strike me as fi-dom . not the way jung describes them .  ... yes , you're infp . infps are stubborn . they won't come around until they want to . maybe never . i didn't read that entire thread , but from what i read of it , it sounds like you've done everything you can . he's in a ... she sounds like a child . warning signs everywhere . it sounds like you're doing everything you can . now she has to do her part . i guess that doesn't apply to me , since i have all the encouragement in the world . ;) infps . i see how the unhealthy ones are . reminds me of myself . very difficult . people aren't themselves . they want to be some thing other . they tell a story of themselves , how they want to be , instead of how they are . words won't be able to convince you . you'll have to have an experience that takes away your cynicism . maybe it'll never be taken away . sorry . i often have a need to feel right and analyze people's feelings . the te thing is your own problem though . there are only bad things in the world if there are good things . the world seems bad depending on what you decide to feed the mind . if you watch news that focuses on tragedy , then that will be ... exchange student = even if he did like you , he might have thought it would have not worked out because of distance never initiating contact = infp passiveness to what extent do infps say nice ... my mother is schizophrenic . nah , i'm type 9 . feel like a nobody instead . :p roud : nobody special as for relationships , i do think infp males and intj females have it harder . they don't always fit the conventional mold of ... halo effect . which studies ? human nature is half the story . what of nurture ? ( culture , environmental influences ? ) nice to hear . also good to hear an actual relationship of years , rather than speculation . with no one : laughing : at that rate , you can say over-anything is a turn off . i feel as though all the advice is useless . in reality all sorts of things happen and no one model will help . x won't attract others , yet ... it sounds like your relationship with your boyfriend really took a toll on you . when i think about love , i think about acceptance of what you are . you say that he hasn't done that , that he ... well , now you're aware . maybe you'll be aware again when the time comes in that moment , instead of after ? it's impossible for him to convey what he feels . only if you were him you'd understand . just let him be . you can't really do anything to help him . he has to help himself . inferior te might ... i can relate to everything you said . isfj must be ne and si also have a infp friend share what you have written here to him in letter form . alternatively , find a different way to share how you feel . preferably one that you think will have an impact on him . i think everyone projects . being a verbal sound wall , that's up to you . you can sit there and agree or you can call them out . a good way of asserting boundaries is just to say what's on your mind ... 2979942980 02 can you change my username to floater 212 thanks in advance . admittedly , i did miss it . fair enough . your imperfections make you perfect ;) nevermind don't change my name . i keep going back and forth on this matter . cant decide on anything . whatever , just let it go . nobody's perfect . and dr . phil isn't a doctor . fi is stuborn . it goes at its own at pace . it you push it , it will not budge . fi thinks it knows what is right for itself , and believes others ... can you change my username to clearday 22 there's no time limit is there ? my previous username change was only a filler ' cause i couldnt think of anything at the time i can really only remember two things that were said about me : that i was shy and that i was good child . i was incredibly shy . i feared venturing out on my own . adults scared me . sometimes i ... '