' i would try just boosting your guitar just through your wedge rather than through the loud speakers . if you turn up , then everyone else will turn up too . if you end up using the equalizer ... use it ... 7238872389 7239072391 some sweet shots taken with my sx - 70 ... 1 . sad milkshakes with mr . boh :'( 2 . mother's day ink 3 . mama's garden 4 . cherry blossom i'm not an infj , but ... i do all my practicing in my car . you can wail and no one can hear or bother you and you can turn up the music as loud as you want . also , recording your own voice is a good ... i would like to build a recording studio one day , and possibly start a small independent label ( i don't know what genre at this point ) . i want it to be a relatively small studio , but with a large ... make sure you talk to someone who has taken the class , because film classes can either be really fun or total hell . mine was hell , unfortunately . my group consisted of a slacker , a cancer patient on ... i get really hyper when i'm angry . i'm pretty good at managing it in a constructive way , though . for me , it's more so that get weird combinations of emotions and physiological changes in my body ... i dunno about you guys , but there are a ton of classes i really wish i had taken in college , and of course you can go somewhere to take them , but i don't have the money to take them right now . what ... i had so much sex this weekend ! ! ! like 10 hours worth . goddamn . spent a good 48 hours or so with this chick . she's super cool . also , i'm learning new things at work , which are't ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YHZEtGS9XFo i have fallen in love with major lazer . well , for me , it's not really that i'm optimistic about how things will turn out ( at least not now ) . this was true for my first relationship , which lasted about 3 months too long , but not so much for ... i lol'd really hard when i read this . i think it's a fun ritual to name your pieces , but ya know ... different strokes for different folks . cognitive process level of development ( preference , skill and frequency of use ) extraverted sensing ( se ) * * * ( 19.3 ) limited use introverted sensing ( si ) if i lose something , no matter how small ( i . e . chap stick , bic lighters , et cetera ) , i feel incomplete for a while . i think it's mostly because i am so organized and losing something makes me feel ... i feel like i've seen this topic come up a lot . considering how many people i know who are polyamorous and frequently participate in casual relationships , i don't think it has that much to do with ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rLw-9dpHtcU this guy makes spiders seem very cute and hilarious . i will say i love to party , and i like crazy parties ; however , i'm not the type that will just stand around talking or just dance all night . i like to mix it up . basically , i hate clubs ( you can't ... 6695666957 within the past two years i've become a polaroid enthusiast , because i found a $ 3 camera at a thrift store . thought i would share some great shots i got . the first one is the light ... glad to see this thread is a hit ! :p roud : so i know we have a rant thread , but why don't we have an so this awesome thing happened to me thread ? i'll start . i've been working at a new job called snap-wall , which is an acoustics ... i do the same thing , but i don't think of the stuff i learn on the interwebs as not what i should be learning . you should learn whatever your heart fucking desires ! ! which apparently you do , and i ... i do actively try and forget about girls who are unattainable in some way ( straight , out of my league , et cetera ) and it works pretty well , generally , in the sense that i do not actively try and get ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7kcAaAu4jU hendrix , morrison , and robert plant had a love child named graveyard . dude , his lower vocal register sounds like morrison , but when he belts he sounds ... i think i saw this video on vimeo a few years ago . pretty sure it was after my first break up , which makes a lot of sense . thanks for posting i totally forgot about this . haha i do the same thing . or i do the head nod . i prefer the head nod i think , but smiles from strangers are great when you're having a shitty day . in my experience , whenever anything disrupts my routine , such as a death in the family or even something as simple as a class schedule change , everything seems to fall out of sync . this drives me ... my cousin is an enfp and i am an enfj , and i'd definitely say we are both extremely driven by curiosity and the excitement of knowledge . sometimes , i overload myself with things i wanna learn , so i ... i would love to build my own recording studio one day , and if given the right circumstances after that i would want to start an independent record label . i think a lot of things would have to ... for me , there have been two or three occasions when i've been extremely forward with people ( because i accidentally all the alcohol tsk tsk ) , but during those times it's been because i really like ... i think the whole sleeping in thing is more of a personal preference ( even though i failed today haha ) . i just feel really bad if i waste half the day in bed . when i run i get this weird chemical ... i used to plan things pretty precisely when i was in school , because each semester my schedule would change so drastically and it was a real pain in my ass to get back in the groove . now that i'm not ... i don't know you at all , but higher education isn't always the best route . people believe it's some golden ticket to a life of success , but it's not . if you do it right , you can get a valuable ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hlVBg7_08n0 macklemore knows what's up ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MS91knuzoOA i was depressed for a good 2 week the first time i watched this :/ also , eddie vedder looks like the devil in that frame ... trying to take charge of a situation . i'm engineering and mixing a hip hop project . it's $ 50 an hour for session time and i stupidly agreed to do mixing for free . i felt bad about changing my mind ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JIS2U8grY1E i think this whole album is a freaking masterpiece , but this song is one of her angrier / weirder songs . the reason why i love this song is that she's not ... i suppose this might work . i dunno you get used to it . it takes a few weeks to adjust to what they expect from you ( as in expectations in efficiency ) , but they give you time to adjust to this . it's just really convenient for school ... yes it is the internet assessor , and no you shouldn't need a cover letter , but you do need to pass a practical exam to get the job . musical saw is awesome . the first time i experienced musical saw was in an amanda palmer video . i can't remember what the song was called , though :/ mmmhmm . there is a company i've been working for called lionbridge . basically it's for search engine efficiency and relevancy ( specifically google ) . you can work up to 20 hours a week and they pay $ 13.50 / per ... that's awesome that you play steel drums . i've never been any good with percussion instruments . the closest i get to playing a rhythm instrument is bass , but even still i'm not very good haha .  ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QxYnpuuuCT0 the industrial feel is a sexy touch to a song that was already sexy . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=27pXUfI60Ug also , the sexiest songs off one ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dysG12QCdTA is this not the cutest gay love story ever ? ? ? i wanted to be a music major in school when i first began , but i'm a writer and not a performer , so that set me back quite a bit . i do want to tackle my fears of performing though . hmm ... that's ... do you know their types ? also , seems like there's little talk of music around here , but i have seen a lot of writers . i started off writing poetry , and that quickly developed into music once i ... my friends and i will throw full-blown parties generally . it can be really stressful if you're the host ( at least for me it is ) . we play lots of games and are always inviting new people . recently , ... i am an audio engineer / musician . i was wondering if this was common among enfjs ? specifically on this board . i am seeking out music and audio production professionally , but even if you aren't seeking ... lol i am south korean , but my friends have this ongoing joke that i am a north korean sleeper cell . hahahahahaha ! it's good fun . edit : i have no idea why i thought this was relevant to your post ... i am 6w7 , 4w5 , 1w9 according to the test provided on perc . i took another one that was through some company , and i came out to be a 2 with balanced wings , but after reading a little more i ... '