' i think you're tone and all those things you insinuate about me are very condescending and really don't make much sense . are you trying to make yourself feel superior by trying to make other people ... omroberts , thank you ! right ... now , this all seems like not that big a deal . however , at 12 years old , it was a big deal to me . i've obviously been through a lot ' worse ' shit since . i share this experience because it has ... dear isfj's , i thought it was time for a ' deep ' question : what was the most significant event in your life ? what did it mean to you , and what effect did it have on you and your life ? mine : ... hello istj's , i thought it was time for a ' deep ' question : what was the most significant event in your life ? what did it mean to you , and what effect did it have on you and your life ? mine : ... hello entp's , i thought it was time for a ' deep ' question : what was the most significant event in your life ? what did it mean to you , and what effect did it have on you and your life ? mine : ... hello entj's , i am curious to know what your answer would be to this question : what was the most significant event in your life ? what did it mean to you , and what effect did it have on you and ... hello intp's , i am curious to know your answer to this question : what was the most significant event in your life ? what did it mean to you , and what effect did it have on you and your life ? ... hello intj's , i wanted to ask you guys a ' deep ' question : what was the most significant event in your life ? what did it mean to you , and what effect did it have on you and your life ? mine : ... hello fellow isfp's ! i've been away for a while , and i thought it was time for a ' deep ' question : what was the most significant event in your life ? what did it mean to you , and what effect did it ... hello istp's , i thought it was time for a ' deep ' question : what was the most significant event in your life ? what did it mean to you , and what effect did it have on you and your life ? mine : ... dear enfj's , in between searching for my ideal enfj woman ( i love enfj women ! ) i thought it was time for a ' deep ' question : what was the most significant event in your life ? what did it mean to ... hello enfp's , i thought it was time for a ' deep ' question : what was the most significant event in your life ? what did it mean to you , and what effect did it have on you and your life ? mine : ... hello dear infj's , i thought it was time for a ' deep ' question : what was the most significant event in your life ? what did it mean to you , and what effect did it have on you and your life ? ... my thread is brought back from the dead , how cool ! i believe sports is really important for isfp's . i do some form of exercise every other day , whether it's going to the gym , playing paintball , ... amatsuki : hey i'm glad you look at it this way . i am all about challenging our limitations and our fears , i really want the best for you and anyone . because i have envied those people myself , and ... i'm not that childish , honestly . but you have an aversion to sex ? ! ouch ... your missing some of the best things in life ! i don't know what you've learned about sex , what experiences you've have ... hey man , i have a great , great site that is incredibly useful for learning math , from beginner level to very complicated things and everything in between . it is practical , easy and even fun , even for ... i think that the equation fi = ideals is simply not true . fi is about beliefs and judgments from personal feeling . ideals fall under fi , but resentments , hateful feelings , resentments and ... it is quite late for me but still wanted to write you this . i still hope you'll find this useful in some way = = = you are very focused on what ... i assume you mean strong negative emotions , because i kind of love the strong positive ones healthy ways : - listen to music / jam on my guitar for a couple of hours - write it all down on paper ... this is quite normal you know ... you just described my own current problems for the most part . here is some good advice by an infp that i took to heart a long time ago http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dxCaOzmV0LE * * * http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9B9mCadqERE&feature=relmfu hey my infp friends , check out this video , made by someone who i believe is an infp . i relate to it a lot as isfp , and i'm sure many of you guys will relate to it as well ! ... ithinktoomuch : i think you forgot mentioning that you love common sense :) wow , this way of thinking is very different , i never knew some people operate like this socially . i do know of an intp who is actually very good socially , and he teaches others how to become a ... yeah i love crazy people ! i also had this thought : i believe that as infj's , rarest type , you are ... how do you say that ... scarce in a sense because there obviously aren't nearly as many infj's ... here is an ( i believe ) infj woman byron katie , she's helped me a lot in my life . i feel i need and want to share this because i'm sure many other people would find value in her work . i think if i ... i've kept a diary for 3 years now . favorite topic to talk about = myself ;) in talking with enfp's ( i know quite a few , also my own father ) i have noticed that they very rarely ask anything about other people's lives ! most of the ... estp i've known all my life , grew up with . what's he like ? he is charismatic ... charms his way through life . he's incredibly good with people . he is virtually always relaxed . he loves to go ... i've done my own research on introverted feeling , as i believe it is very important for me to understand my primary function well . what you like is good--for you , not necessarily good for others ... how i feel about infj's ? well , although i haven't typed someone around me as infj yet , i've watched many youtube videos made by infj's and read on your part of the forum . your type intrigues me the ... you know you are an isfp when you have these ideals in your heart at how you want things to be . then , whenever you look around at your life you see the stark reality of how far your life is from ... what are your favorite emotions ? see if you can answer this question : what has to happen in order for you to feel that emotion ? if you really want to go for it : what emotions do you most hate ... my favorite emotion : love , and inspiration life , oh life growing up all alone parents don't seem to bother been feeling like i am raising myself used to hope for their praising and love , now i don't bother got thrown headfirst in ... ah ! ambiphrenia , i have found the answer to that question for myself last year and it has helped me a lot , about what causes depression . do you really want to know it ? i hope you say ' yes ' , and ... i would say , often he may feel disturbed or uneasy , because he could be pondering his life and his values if you will . it often has nothing to do with you , keep that in mind . isfps aren't necessarily ... congrats ! i like your profile picture xd fits in great with your post yeah , especially if you have much more valuable contributions to make than to create a child ( which of course also is a valuable contribution hopefully ) wow that is a powerful piece ! deep ... also it isn't just about you , it's about giving and contributing to the shrubs . which is also another expression of love , isn't it ? yes , it is definitely a humongous accomplishment in this day and age where there aren't many truly great relationships between people . but i guess it is more the feeling you have at the end . if ... which one would you choose ? if you had to choose between : 1 ) accomplishing everything you wanted to accomplish in your life , but not be loved or , 2 ) be totally loved in an incredible ... which one would you choose ? if you had to choose between : 1 ) accomplishing everything you wanted to accomplish in your life , but not be loved or , 2 ) be totally loved in an incredible ... wow , how interesting . pretty much all nt's choose the first option , most sp's answer the second , and nf's are pretty equally divided . so do you feel that who you are is just not good enough for someone else to be in a relationship with , or fear your music won't be good enough and that it wouldn't work ? this is a video that ... some very interesting answers you are giving . amucha , i'm curious about what you would accomplish ! i almost broke my neck trying to see your picture sideways srsly ... you're pretty though ! '