' i heard we were performing thread necromancy up in here , and i had just get in on the action . i find androgynous ladies so undeniably irresistible , though i guess that just comes with my ... i just ... i don't ... how do ... * slow calming inhale * ... i highly agree with maybe's sentiment : you were born to be in spam world . if you spent even just a small fraction of your time there , ... thank you for addressing this issue , good sir . i imagine it might be some time until the problem is resolved . i hope you find success in resolving the syncing issue . so i reuploaded my avatar , and it shows up again for me , but other people's avatars are still missing . i think i have a theory for what's going on : whatever happened on perc in the past week or so ... i don't know if this has been happening to other people , or just myself . but some people's avatars ( including my own ) do not show up in forum posts . all i get is such-and-such's avatar , which gets ... solo : crowbar . easy . both ends of the crowbar can be used to damage zombies in different ways : the beak makes an excellent blunt instrument , while the tail end could potentially be used to stab with ... i knooow , so hard for an enfp to eeever stop overthinking . ;P like i said , just breathe , be your dorky self , give your boytoy some space when needed , and everything's gonna go buttery smooth ... alrighty , as i can see that this is your first post , let me just take this opportunity to welcome you to our cozy little parlor . i hope you stick around and chat with us more about whatever you want , ... i'm playing a free re-release of a paid game called the secret world : legends . it's pretty solid , though with it being free , the system is skewed for things to be bloody expensive , especially ... it's 2 in the goddamn morning and i'm in this limbo state between being tired and being not tired . first of all , it's hot as balls in here , so that's nice . secondly , i'm terrified of a piece-of-shit ... good god , this timeline is depressing . i know some of it is only theoretical , but ... oh christ . hello enfps ! i'm an infj that has undergone a series of trials and tribulations regarding online matchmaking , and have finally , finally met not only a potential date and new friend , but also my first ... this is actually really helpful feedback . thank you for your input , this will help me out greatly . i do take myself too seriously , and i think my manners force me to go with the how's it going ... good news everyone ! i have returned to the cafe after an extended break and life stuff happening . i wanted to create a follow-up to my previous thread on the same subject without bringing it back ... an old friend from the past just tried to get in my pants , compliments me , then immediately insults me for being a gentleman . may have lost my temper a bit too . lord help me from people with bipolar ... dude , seriously , this means a lot . thank you for your wise words and experience , i appreciate it . : happy : congratulations on meeting your husband . that's quite inspiring for me . oh sweet jesus , i'm really doing this , aren't i ? well fellas , i'm doing it . my first online matchmaking thingie . truth be told , i'm just doing this for some genuine human contact , something i ... narcissism - 0.7 ( 1 percentile ) machiavellianism 2.3 ( 30 percentile ) psychopathy 0.4 ( 0 percentile ? is that even possible ? ) machiavellianism test : 61 out of 100 wow , i was not expecting my ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9u_v9H24PfY glory be to our lord and savior , skeleton man . they might possibly get my type correct . it's kind of hard for me personally to answer that , as my soul-swapping technique has been lost to time ( ran out of human sacrifices to get it working right ) , ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K4Fz_qZGs3A i have now entered this wonderful thread . greetings all . http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-5Mni7bq4aco/TZ6PLewDbBI/AAAB8/CB5LMb4YblY/s1600/heres%2Ba%2Bnew%2Bchallenger.jpg infj says : i'm a magical princess from another dimension ! ~ https://49.media.tumblr.com/83094a8c4a6e842fcefdcc19ace01fa1/tumblr_nkbhv8yBTB1rl3vq8o1_400.gif because i needed an excuse to reference ... is that a picture of you ? if so , you look absolutely delicious . most supreme indeed . * slow applause * you'll fit right at home here . welcome to the cafe , miss hypatia . everything about this song is so well done ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=prwvUZSlIq8 daddy , why do we keep playing this weird game ? get out of the way , you're in the shot . fair enough . greek history isn't my specialty , so i wouldn't know . that's awful for a place dedicated to democracy and equality ( supposedly ) . that's true , but then again athens may have been an infj's cradle and domain . depends on where you were in the empire . fair enough . aside from examining translated texts from those times to see others ' reactions of plato and what the greeks valued in a character , the only real way is to have lived in that time ... that is an excellent question ! i would like to know this as well . in certain circles , plato is regarded as an infj , and is arguably one of the most venerated philosophers in our time at least . those ... i understand . i'm imagining this as almost as a tree diagram , branching off from anger trigger to healthy / unhealthy , and so on . thank you for your insight , it helps greatly . is there anything else ... nichya thank you very much for your kind words . : happy : as an infj ( or hell , just as a semi-decent person ) , i do want to help create a more positive atmosphere . please , seriously , don't be sorry , ... i see . i still feel very young inside with little experience , so this wisdom really means a lot to me . thank you for this . in your experience , how would one channel these negative emotions ... guys , please stop fighting . : sad : i'm sorry , i set a bad example for infjs , and i am ashamed for coming to you guys the way i did , but i never wanted things to escalate in such a negative manner . i ... it's pretty difficult for me personally to balance being in a healthy place as far as my self-esteem goes and giving that up for the sake of other people's feelings . i've had a lot of experiences ... oh god , i knew it . : unsure : regrets incoming . i still want advice from other infjs about the bitterness thing for reasons outside the whole infp thread thing . we'll speak privately . i don't wanna get ... i have a question , and i'd like some advice and guidance . i thought about starting a full thread about this , but decided against it since i didn't want to draw that much attention to myself . as ... so , apparently , my dad's truck is breaking down . engine problems . so that's gonna be expensive and the whole family ( the three of us ) is stressing out a bit . also , i made an ass of myself by getting ... okay , i did not say it was to get people solely to like us , i said it was to help people understand our positions , and let them feel safe enough to open up and we can do the same . there's a ... then what would you call psychological therapy ? is there something wrong with trying to help other people solve their problems ? some people genuinely need that guidance so that they can overcome ... it occurs to me in my pretentious ramblings that i didn't talk about the original subject of this thread . : blushed : i think the descriptions for the infj type call out to a lot of social outcasts in ... i think our definitions of manipulation are different in this case . you view manipulation as strictly negative . i view it ( the healthy form , anyways ) as manipulating an object . you hold it in your ... human interaction doesn't have to be pragmatic , no , but that's the constraints placed upon all of us in our society . we're not utopian beings , and we're bound to our individual sensations and ... okay , so full disclosure , i am probably going to sound like a reeeaaally big friggin asshole right here , largely due to my devil's advocate virus flaring up again and my own passionate personality ... oh thank god , i thought i was the only one : tongue : yeah , i've got masochistic tendencies , so tsunderes are totally my jam . hey asshole friends ! anybody wanna go beat up some losers ? now , if you'll excuse me , i need to go scrub my memory with bleach and steel wool for typing that out . can you elaborate more on this ? any particular examples to kick this thread off to a rollicking good start ? good ... good ... let the hate flow through you ... yeah , this happens to me as well , on occasion , as well as for any type for that matter . life happens and the status quo has to be changed , which is ... '